Egypt 's interim government officially declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization on Wednesday , blamed it for a bombing this week that killed 16 people , and announced that anyone who is a member of the group will be punished . Hossam Issa , the interim minister of higher education and a deputy prime minister , announced the Cabinet 's decision on state-run al-Masriaya television . "  The government reiterates that there will be no return to the past under any circumstances and Egypt , the state and the people , will never succumb to the terrorism of the Muslim Brotherhood whose crimes have gone far beyond all moral , religious and human limits , " he said . The government also will punish anyone giving the group financial support , Issa added . Hundreds of supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood took to the streets in towns and cities across Egypt after the announcement . In Alexandria , some protesters threw fireworks at authorities and set fire to police cars as young people marched through the streets chanting "  Sisi is a traitor , " according to the official Facebook page of the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood . "  Sisi " refers to Egypt 's new leader , Gen. Abdel Fatah El Sisi . "  The terrorist coup authorities that are agents for the Zionists announced the Muslim Brotherhood as terrorists , similar to declaration made against the Palestinian resistance movement by Israel . The coup is terrorism , " the group said in an online statement . Explosion rocks university in Cairo , injures 5 In Cairo , demonstrators holding up the four-finger sign in honor of Rabaa  "  four " in Arabic  flooded the residential neighborhood of Dokki . Police violently cleared the Muslim Brotherhood 's protest camp at the Rabaa al-Adawiya mosque earlier this year , killing hundreds of people in the single bloodiest day in Egypt 's modern history . Tamarod , the grass-roots political faction responsible for organizing the petition campaign that led to the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy in July by the Egyptian military , issued a statement on its official website . "  The government 's decision announcing the Brotherhood group a terrorist organization is a good step , and it came late but better to come late than never , " it said . Issa made the announcement despite the fact that Ansar Jerusalem , a jihadist group responsible for attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , has claimed responsibility for the attack on a security forces headquarters . On Sunday , Ansar Jerusalem issued an online statement calling on army and police members to quit . "  With your staying in these institutions from evening to morning , you are incurring the anger of Allah , " the statement said . But Issa said it was an "  ugly crime " perpetrated by the Brotherhood . In addition to the 16 people killed in the early morning twin bombings , 130 people were wounded . More than 40 people remained hospitalized Wednesday . CNN first learned of the blasts from Twitter . U.S. : Concern over current political conditions The United States issued a strong reaction to the news that the Muslim Brotherhood was labeled as terrorists . "  We think it is essential for Egypt to have an inclusive political process ; it is the best means of restoring the stability that the Egyptian people want and that is necessary to the country 's economic recovery , " said Jen Psaki , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department . "  There needs to be dialogue and political participation across the political spectrum . " She repeated the United States ' condemnation of the bombings , noting the Muslim Brotherhood denounced the bombing and Ansar Jerusalem , in Arabic called Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , had taken credit for the attack . She said the United States has designated Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis as a terrorist group . "  We are concerned about the current atmosphere and its potential effects on a democratic transition in Egypt , " she said . Russia also condemned the bombings . "  Political differences , no matter how sharp they may be , should be resolved by peaceful means in the ways of a broad dialogue with the participation of leading political and social forces of the country , " the Foreign Ministry said . State media ; Egypt 's Morsy faces trial for 2011 prison break Upcoming vote on proposed constitution Morsy , backed by the Muslim Brotherhood and the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July 2013 , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Morsy faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule in December 2012 . He has refused to recognize the court . The interim Egyptian government has cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood . The military and police have detained large numbers of Brotherhood officials and supporters since Morsy 's ouster . Several hundred people have died in clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces since the military removed him . The blasts come in the lead-up to Egypt 's referendum on a new constitution , which will be held January 14-15 . The draft constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military . Morsy has endured a series of other legal troubles . He and 132 others will face trial for escaping from prison in 2011 , state media reported Saturday . Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas , the Al-Ahram state newspaper reported . He is also charged with raiding other prisons , and killing soldiers and officers in Rafah , according to the newspaper . Morsy has been in custody since his ouster .	U.S. worries political process in Egypt is being negatively affected Cabinet declares Muslim Brotherhood a terror group , tells members to leave Muslim Brotherhood says military-backed government is the real terror group Jihadist group issues claim of responsibility for Tuesday bombings at police building
Now that the Supreme Court has upheld the constitutionality of the individual mandate , it 's time to focus on what has always been a key goal of health reform : Controlling health care costs . No matter how you count it , health care spending is large -- and growing at a worrisome rate . In 2011 , Americans spent $ 2.7 trillion on health care , almost 18 % of our GDP . The federal government spends more on health care than on defense , Social Security or any other single expenditure category . Investments that could have gone into important areas like education or infrastructure are instead diverted into footing our health care bills . The individual mandate by itself will have little effect on costs . This is because the main effect of the mandate is to add a relatively small number of people , about 15 million , to the insurance rolls . The vast majority of Americans , more than 250 million , already get their health insurance on the job or from public programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . The mandate alone was never going to change their health spending patterns . However , this does not mean that the court 's decision will have no effect on health spending . The Affordable Care Act contains many provisions intended to drive the health care system toward providing greater value . It would not be an overstatement to say that , with the exception of eliminating the tax break for employer-sponsored health insurance , the health reform law contains almost every idea that anyone , Democrat or Republican , has had in the past 10 years , about how to increase quality and efficiency in the health care system . These ideas include accountable care organizations , patient-centered medical homes , value-based purchasing in Medicare , incentives for hospitals to provider better , safer and more efficient care , an excise tax on "  Cadillac " health plans , and better information about treatment effectiveness to help patients and providers make informed decisions . The value-based purchasing program , for example , will change the way Medicare pays hospitals for inpatient care . Instead of paying hospitals for the amount of care they provide , Medicare payments will now also depend on the quality of care provided . The idea is that by following best practices , hospitals will forgo unnecessary care , help patients recover faster and spend less . Some of these reforms targeting the health care delivery system are novel , and experts are rightly cautious in their predictions about what they can accomplish and whether they will "  bend the curve " of health care spending until it is sustainable . There are other ideas out there on how we can reduce the federal government 's obligations -- notably the plan advanced by Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , which takes the brute force approach of simply shifting costs from the government to states and individuals . The Affordable Care Act is the better choice . Instead of papering over our problems by shifting ever-increasing costs to those least able to afford care or depriving people of the services they need , the health reform law applies the most creative thinking to address the roots of our spending problems . Today , the court gave us the green light to get on with seeking solutions to the underlying problem of inefficient spending . It permitted the government to do what it should , to innovate in the face of a seemingly intractable social problem . Not everyone is happy with the decision . But no one can deny that it opens a new chapter in our history as we move forward on a bold and necessary policy experiment .	The Supreme Court has upheld the constitutionality of the individual mandate Jill Horwitz and Helen Levy : Now it 's time to focus on key goal of controlling health care costs Affordable Care Act contains provisions that can improve health care system , they say Horwitz , Levy : Court 's decision opens a new chapter in our history as we try out new policy
CNN  -- To all of you gun lovers , feel free to go buy your Glock , shotgun , hunting rifle , .22 pistol , .357 Magnum or any of the other guns at your disposal . But you do not need an AK-47 . For some , it 's too soon to discuss gun reform , a little more than one week after the mass killings in Aurora , Colorado . I disagree . Too many Americans are being killed by guns every day ; this most recent heinous tragedy should not keep us from having a rational debate . Let me be crystal clear : I do not own a gun , have no desire to get one and do n't begrudge anyone for having one . Keeping a gun for safety ? No problem . You 're a hunter ? Knock yourself out . I 've fired a submachine gun once -- at the FBI Citizens Academy in Chicago -- and it did nothing for me , so please , carry on . I absolutely and positively support the Second Amendment . Americans have the right to bear arms , but nowhere in the U.S. Constitution does it say that you must be able to bear any arms your heart desires . Opinion : Media ca n't ignore the killer There is no reason the ban on assault weapons is no longer the law of the land . If you need an AK-47 to hunt , maybe you need shooting lessons . President Barack Obama was right when he told the National Urban League last week that "  AK-47s belong in the hands of soldiers ... not on the streets of our cities . " The inability of the National Rifle Association to understand that is shameful and destructive . The group assumes that any reasonable restriction on guns is un-American and unnecessary . Well , it 's wrong . Dead wrong . Opinion : Three who gave their lives And the NRA is just as wrong when it opposes efforts to restrict drum magazines that can hold 100 rounds , such as the one the gunman in Colorado used to mow down moviegoers . Seriously , please offer me a reasonable and rational explanation as to why someone who is n't a law enforcement officer needs to fire off that many bullets ? This is where common sense makes a ton of sense . Yes , people are the ones pulling the trigger , but our gun culture borders on the truly obsessive . Gun deaths here have reached epidemic levels , and too many of us have an out-of-sight , out-of-mind attitude . Enough with timid politicians afraid to offend the gun lobby . Enough with voters making the stupid and nonsensical argument that the government wants all of our guns . As a nation that trumpets being the best in the world , let 's stop outdistancing gun deaths in Japan , China and England . If we want to lead , let 's lead in changing directions when it comes to our gun culture . America 's gun obsession is unhealthy , unwise and deadly . Delaying the conversation does nothing for all of us . It 's time to stand up and lead , America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Gun lovers should be free to own shotguns , pistols and the like but not AK-47s Martin supports right to own gun but says Constitution does n't say any gun you 'd like He says National Rifle Association is wrong to oppose reasonable restrictions He says president is right about AK-47s -- they belong on battlefield , not city streets
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- An earthquake shook southern Iran Thursday evening near a nuclear power plant , killing at least eight people and injuring 59 more , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported . Twelve of the injured were in critical condition , Fars said , citing Hassan Qadami , the head of Iran 's Crisis-Management Headquarters . The U.S. Geological Survey said the 5.6-magnitude quake was centered about 39 miles  63 km  northeast of the Persian Gulf city of Bushehr , where the nuclear plant is located , and 7 miles  14 km  northeast of Borazjan . The quake struck at a relatively shallow -- and therefore more likely to be damaging -- depth of 10.2 miles  16.4 km  at 5:21 p.m. local time . A reporter for the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency in Borazjan said residential buildings were damaged and electricity was disrupted to several areas , including sections of Borazjan . The city is in Bushehr province , which is the site of a nuclear power plant that went online in 2011 . There was no immediate report of how the plant fared in Thursday 's temblor . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said he was "  deeply saddened " to hear of the casualties and expressed condolences to the victims ' families . A 6.3-magnitude earthquake in May killed 39 people and injured 850 in Bushehr province , but the reactor was not affected , it said . Iran 's semi-official Mehr News said people who were afraid of aftershocks were staying out of their homes . Rescue teams were on the scene , Mehr said , quoting the governor of Bushehr Province , Fereydoun Hassanvand . Iran 's location atop several major faults leaves it prone to earthquakes . In August 2012 , two earthquakes in northwestern Iran struck 11 minutes apart -- the first a 6.4 magnitude , and the second a 6.3 magnitude , killing at least 306 people . In 2003 , a magnitude 6.6 quake struck the city of Bam in southeast Iran , killing some 31,000 people . A 1990 quake in the northwestern provinces of Gilan and Zanjan killed as many as 50,000 . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report	At least 59 injured , Fars reports The 5.6-magnitude quake struck early in the evening near a nuclear power plant Iran 's location atop faults leaves it prone to quakes
CNN  -- Julien Smith , writer , speaker and now start-up chief executive , says he 's good at "  predicting and following trends . " And now he 's getting into another : Distributed space . Smith , co-author of books including Trust Agents , which explores how to use the web as a tool of influence and reached The New York Times bestseller list , revealed Breather at Le Web in London . Le Web 's theme is the "  sharing economy , " with Airbnb given top billing . Breather works with the same idea -- utilizing space that would otherwise be empty -- but for a city pit-stop at a cost per hour . Le Web : The Google glasses view of sharing economy ? Smith says he is "  obsessed " with private space where one can take time out , without obligations , at any time . "  I notice sound , and space , a lot , " he says . And in the rush of big cities such as New York or London , finding a time-out zone can be difficult . Starbucks is the closest existing outlet for an on-the-run office , but around each coffee store are likely empty commercial spaces , Smith says . He plans to unlock them . The idea is "  obvious , " Smith says . "  In 2050 we 're not going to be walking around thinking ` where can we go ' , " he says . Read more : The end of consumer culture as we know it Smith is connecting the owners of real estate in New York , London , and San Francisco to open "  millions of square feet " of real estate that can be used for around $ 20 an hour . Space can be reserved from an hour to the entire day . It will be done through an app for which Smith has partnered with Lockitron , which featured at Le Web in Paris last December . The Lockitron locks will be installed at the Breather spaces , allowing users access at a time that suits them . Those who use the app will be screened and assessed after use , meaning anyone who breaches standards will be banned from using Breather again . Read more : My year of living open source Breather has the credit card details and phone details of those using the app which Smith says will ensure security for the "  private club ... we can ban anyone at will , " he said . The app will be available to a limited number of people in 60 days , with a fuller roll out in October .	Author Julien Smith has launched Breather , a concept for distributing space Breather allows real estate owners to let their spaces for around $ 20 an hour Starbucks is the closest to a city pit-stop , but around it are likely empty office spaces Breather has partnered with Lockitron to create an app which allows access to the space
CNN  -- This is it : the night that RUSH fans have waited for since 1998 , when the group was first eligible to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Thursday night , the Canadian trio -- a staple of classic rock radio stations -- will jam onstage with their fellow class of inductees . We should feel vindicated , right ? For the last 13 years , fans of the band have been outraged as the Hall of Fame overlooked their heroes . From the moment RUSH was eligible for consideration , fans signed petitions and wondered what kind of critics could be keeping their heroes from the limelight . Even now , fans still feel slighted . You see , these are fans who are used to explaining -- and being summarily dismissed for -- their love of the band , said "  RUSH : Beyond the lighted stage " documentarians Sam Dunn and Scot McFadyen . RUSH has been a band almost 40 years . Their music has encompassed genres ranging from heavy metal to new age . They even penned a rap once  and caught a lot of flak for it from fans , too . Despite selling millions of records and achieving top-of-their-field musicianship , they 've never really had the respect of music critics . By extension , neither have their fans . "  I remember reading once  RUSH drummer and lyricist  Neil Peart got voted one of the worst lyricists of all time , " Dunn said . "  And I ca n't imagine the rage that that would inspire in a lot of fans , " he said . Peart 's lyrics are a major reason fans cite interest in the band 's music , he said . They identify and connect with Peart 's words so personally , "  I absolutely think it 's ` By attacking RUSH , you 're attacking us , ' " Dunn said . "  And it 's war . " Likewise , Geddy Lee 's vocals are an unavoidable hurdle to RUSH appreciation , which fans are well aware of . His singing voice is highly pitched , in the tradition of singers like Robert Plant or Roger Daltrey , but in an extreme . "  I think one critic said it sounded like a hamster in a blender , " McFadyen said . When they were working on the documentary and discussed with people in the industry what they were doing , people would tell him , "  Oh , I detest RUSH . They suck . I can not stand Geddy 's voice . " He 's heard that before . He knows Geddy Lee 's singing has a polarizing effect on people . But if you love it , you love it for life , he said , and you do n't mind that it 's complex , nerdy music . At their core , RUSH is a trio of outsiders . They grew up in suburban Canada , where guitarist Alex Lifeson and bassist and singer Geddy Lee were both first-generation Canadians from immigrant families , doing the best they could to avoid being the target of bullies . They did n't graduate from high school . And although they forged a career as one of the best-selling rock bands in history , the only thing rock 'n' roll about them is their music -- no drug overdoses , no sex scandals , no trashing of hotel rooms . Ever . Musicologist , author and RUSH researcher Christopher McDonald said fans deeply identify with the band because of that nonconformity . While the first wave of RUSH fans in the 1970s were seen as a homogenous audience of jean-jacket-wearing , frowning boys , it soon became obvious that the fan base was far more diverse . RUSH was dismissed by critics for their complicated songs and epically tackling fantasy and sci-fi topics in their lyrics . According to McDonald , those same qualities won them the attention of a nontraditional fan base , people who loved Dungeons & Dragons . "  RUSH did n't always go after the pop culture cliches , " McDonald said . "  The songs were sometimes very long , the song topics were sometimes overwrought . They would have songs that quoted Hemingway , songs with a science fiction theme , an album that drew ideas from Carl Jung , " he said . "  Who 's going to be interested in something like that ? It 's going to be some of the people in the Chess Club . " That 's why 43-year-old Web developer and proprietor of RUSH Is A Band Ed Stenger likes them . He 's the first to admit you can "  count the number of RUSH love songs on one hand . " Like many fans who were exposed to the music of RUSH before 1980 ,  including McFadyen  he was ushered into the fandom by an older brother . "  When ' 2112 ' came out , he was 14 and the time and I was 6 , " Stenger said . "  RUSH was the background noise to my youth . " And once his older brother went to college , it was easy to dig up old RUSH LPs and cassettes . The science fiction-evoking titles caught his eye first . Then he noticed "  2112 " was a 20-minute song . "  I was like , what ?! " Stenger said , "  A song ca n't be 20 minutes long ! " So he listened , and the story of the lyrics and Geddy Lee 's emotional delivery hooked him . He 's been a RUSH fan ever since . The defining moment of his fandom was when RUSH played the entirety of "  2112 " in 1996 at Cleveland 's Gund Arena . The RUSH fandom has many social divisions . As Dunn and McFadyen showed in their documentary , some people -- especially musicians -- are fans of the ideals RUSH stands for : virtuosic musicianship , fearless exploration as artists and certainly stamina and longevity . . Most easily recognized is their level of musical ability . Billy Corgan , Trent Reznor , Kirk Hammett and Les Claypool appreciate the complexity of the music and the skill it takes to execute something like the guitar solo from "  La Villa Strangiato . " "  They 're like musical superheroes , " McFadyen said . "  They do things on their instruments that mere mortals ca n't do . " Ask any drummer , Stenger said , and they 'll tell you Neil Peart is one of the best in the world . His drum kit is a virtual fortress of percussion , dwarfing any other professional drummer 's setup , McDonald said . Peart 's drum solos , which can last upwards of 10 minutes , are far from a good excuse to use the restroom during a concert . "  There 's people who come specifically to see his solo , " Stenger said . "  He 's able to make sounds and you ca n't even see him make them , " said Dunn of Peart 's legendary drumming . Fans also appreciate the artistic integrity of the band , who has historically ignored concerns and direction from their record company -- and won autonomy . Suburban youth especially appreciate the appeal of RUSH . McDonald discovered that the experience of the band spoke deeply to many others who dreamed of escaping their bedroom communities . Songs like "  Subdivisions " from the album "  Signals " and "  Middletown Dreams , " from the album "  Power Windows " became anthems for them , he said . But the albums themselves can also mark divisions in the fandom . When Geddy Lee introduced dominant synthesizers into the band 's until-then heavy guitar sound , many fans stopped listening , Stenger said . "  There 's a cutoff at  the album  "  Moving Pictures , " Stenger said . RUSH 's next album , "  Signals " put the group solidly into synth-pop territory , "  and a lot of people did not like that at all . " But even so , he said , the group of RUSH fans who grew up with the band 's music from the 1970s is still the largest group in the fandom . "  Then you have the fans who grew up with their music from the 1990s . Their favorite albums are ` Presto , ' ` Roll the Bones , ' and ` Counterparts , ' " he said . "  I tell them my favorite album is ` Caress of Steel ' and they say , ` what ? ' " "  Counterparts " is another one of those divisions , McDonald said . "  That was the exact moment when Nirvana and Pearl Jam hit and the alternative '90s really started to go , " he said . "  In some ways , the world RUSH had inhabited to great success in the '80s was ending . I think ` Roll the Bones ' in '91 was their last million-seller , " he said . Even specific songs in the RUSH repertoire divide the fandom . The aforementioned rap on the song "  Roll the Bones " makes fans either roll their eyes or chuckle at the band 's sense of humor . The song "  The Trees " off the album "  Hemispheres " either induces an "  icky feeling , " as Dunn puts it , or evokes a passionate speech about the epic qualities of the guitar-driven composition and political analysis of Peart 's fable-like lyrics . RUSH probably wo n't play "  Roll the Bones " or "  The Trees " during the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony , but it 's a safe bet there wo n't be a single unlit Zippo in the group 's fanbase when Peart breaks into his solo .	RUSH fans are used to being dismissed for their love of the band There are many different kinds of RUSH fans RUSH fans have mixed emotions about the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Ever the gentleman , nothing could stop William Gordon from escorting his wife , Nelly , on her greatest journey . He lovingly watched their children crowd around their mother to say goodbye . Suddenly , Nelly stretched her arms , smiled as if she were a blushing bride , lay down on the bed and died . Gordon , though , had died five years earlier . Legend has it that when Nelly , the mother of Girl Scouts founder Juliette Gordon Low , died in 1917 , her husband came back to escort his wife to the great beyond . According to the Gordon family , the butler saw the late master walking down the stairs and out the front door of their stately Savannah , Georgia , home , appearing young , handsome and happy . It 's one of many ghost stories told around the city of Savannah , where centuries-old cemeteries and antique houses betray a bloody history of battles , fires , epidemics and storms -- a supernatural tourist delight . Gordon Low was even born on October 31 , 1860 , on Halloween . But Gordon Low 's childhood home , a beloved Scouting destination , does n't seem creepy at all . Photos capture how scared you look inside a haunted house Katherine Keena , the interim director for the Juliette Gordon Low Birthplace , is quick to mention its bright , happy feeling . The stone facade and double-staircase entry , blessedly shaded from the hot Georgia sun by oaks and hanging moss , looks like the destination for a grand ball , not a big scare . "  I always think of haunted houses being unwelcoming or scary , " Keena said . "  That 's certainly not what this house is like . " So why have columns , turrets , widow 's walks , mansard roofs and gingerbread trim of Victorian-styled houses -- not to mention overgrown grounds , Spanish moss and cobwebs -- become the hallmarks of spooky , sinister places ? To start , all those details signal that a house has history . "  With old houses of any style , especially those that have been in the same family for generations , more than likely , there will be legends , " said Sarah Lea Burns , a professor emeritus from Indiana University 's department of art history , who researches haunted houses . "  These historic houses , especially the beautiful ones , embody what it is we feel that we 've lost . " And they 're a living reminder of a time when ghost stories took on greater meaning . Early architecture in the United States drew on popular Georgian styles from England . As the country grew , neoclassical homes incorporated columns and pediments better known from ancient Greece , the bed of philosophy and political theater . Later still , American Victorian homes borrowed romantic architectural elements from Gothic churches of Rome and castles of Northern Europe . As all those styles became fashionable , the early founding fathers were dying . Residents of a young America feared they were losing their sense of morality along with them , said Bret Carroll , an American history professor at California State University Stanislaus . This national anxiety , along with a strong tradition of folklore and ghost stories , led to radical ways of thinking about the dead that rejected the limits of the scientific method . Some believed that spirits of the dead not only existed in our universe but were able to understand it better than the living . By the 1840s and '50s , stories of ghostly communiques were making headlines in newspapers around the country . Through seances , self-proclaimed "  spiritualists " sought wisdom and advice from the dearly departed . They were , for the most part , progressive middle - to upper-class people , Carroll said , who owned fine homes that might still be standing today . Legend has it that Winchester rifle heiress Sarah Winchester was haunted by the deaths of her child and husband when she sought guidance through a spiritualist . She went on to build a sprawling Victorian home in San Jose , California , perhaps under the guidance of a medium -- or perhaps because she was an enormously wealthy widow with a home-building hobby . Either way , the home -- now a tourist attraction -- became an architectural testament to turmoil . In the years Winchester was building , there was nothing farfetched about ghost stories or the idea that houses could be haunted , said Carroll , the history professor . "  Back in those days , religious belief -- especially the physical reality of the afterlife -- was more widespread than it is today , " Carroll said . "  There was no reason for these folks to deny or disbelieve that spirits actually existed . " Of course , Queen Anne and French Second Empire-style houses did n't start off sinister . "  At the time they were built , they were fashionable , trendy and modern , " said Burns , the art historian . But the taste for such houses vanished in the 20th century , she said , and elements of Victorian architecture gradually gained a dark aura . Few were wired for electricity , and they hardly suited modern tastes for light , efficiency and ease in cleaning . People began to look at Victorian houses as unsanitary , gloomy and dark , Burns said . Even the architecture itself gained a mongrel reputation because of its appropriation of historical styles -- Gothic , Roman , Greek -- mixed together in what seemed like an incoherent and disorderly manner . The South was especially susceptible to that attitude as once-grand Antebellum homes stood empty after the Civil War , dilapidated to the point of ruin . Loaded with architectural elements that had fallen out of style , Southern homes were "  burdened by a history of violence , whether it was family violence or the violence of the slave system , " Burns said . "  There 's almost this wholesale rejection of the Victorian style , which is thought to be literally unhealthy for people because of the darkness and gloom , " she said . Pop culture helped to seal the deal on what seems spooky . Think of the home from "  Psycho , " and the dark room filled with bric-a-brac and rotting lace where Norman Bates ' mummified mother sat , or the stately manors of "  The Addams Family " or "  The Munsters . " Even Walt Disney turned to the Southern Victorian to create the façade of Disneyland 's famous Haunted Mansion . The wrap-around porches festooned with New Orleans-style wrought iron , massive columns and pediment and crowning turret recall the houses of the coastal South , Burns said .  Indeed , even that home is rumored to be the final resting place of a departed soul . So no matter how many haunted homes break from tradition , there 's always something chilling about just the right spooky style . "  I love a Victorian house , " Burns said . "  It makes me wonder where the bodies are buried . "	Victorian homes have developed a spooky reputation Paranormal history and architecture trends combine to create a haunted feel Art historian : "  I love a Victorian house . It makes me wonder where the bodies are buried . "
The guest who was perhaps most anticipated at Sunday 's star-studded Clinton Global Initiative awards ceremony was a no-show . Mom-to-be Chelsea Clinton squelched any idea that she might already have given birth when she took the stage at the kickoff to the annual meeting of the Clintons ' philanthropic arm . In her remarks Clinton , who is expecting this fall with husband Marc Mezvinsky , thanked the audience for their warm wishes on her "  impending , though hopefully not immediate , arrival , " and proclaimed herself "  very excited about making my mother a grandmother soon . " Chelsea Clinton baby watch : What we know Her parents are clearly more than ready . Despite a heavy schedule of speaking engagements , fundraising for the midterm elections and the high-profile Clinton Global Initiative annual meeting , the soon-to-be-grandparents are poised for the baby 's arrival . Earlier this month , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned an audience in Iowa she might dash offstage at any moment if her daughter went into labor . And in a Sunday interview with CNN , former President Bill Clinton suggested the baby would probably arrive in the next 10 days . "  We 're on watch now , " he said Sunday on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " "  I hope by the first of October , I 'll be a grandfather . " Chelsea Clinton , the vice chairwoman of the Clinton Foundation , is scheduled to moderate a discussion with business leaders at the annual meeting Tuesday . Having a mother and two grandparents interested in public policy may rub off on the new arrival . Hillary Clinton teased her husband during the awards ceremony Sunday , saying he might be an overly wonky grandfather . "  Now in case you have n't noticed , one of my husband 's favorite words is interdependence , " she said . "  I can just see him with our new grandchild saying I wan na read , talk and sing to you to help build your brain , which is one of our Clinton Foundation initiatives , but first I need to talk to you about interdependence . " Hillary Clinton 's fall to-do list When the baby does come , its gender will be a surprise , Bill Clinton told CNN . "  They want to be surprised , " he said . "  So we 're all just sitting around and waiting . " All three Clintons are scheduled to appear throughout the four-day-long summit of world and industry leaders . Sunday 's Global Citizen Awards featured a variety of leaders and entertainers , from actor Leonardo DiCaprio to former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .	Chelsea Clinton refers to her "  impending , though hopefully not immediate , arrival " Bill Clinton tells CNN that he hopes he 'll be a grandfather "  by the first of October " All three Clintons are appearing at their family foundation 's annual meeting
CNN  -- Historian David W. Blight has written that the first Memorial Day took place in Charleston , South Carolina . On May 1 , 1865 , a crowd of African-Americans -- recently freed from slavery -- honored the Union soldiers entombed in the rocky ground of the Charleston Race Course . Twenty-nine days later , William Tecumseh Sherman concluded his farewell order from the United States Army with the words , "  Your general now bids you farewell , with the full belief that , as in war you have been good soldiers , so in peace you will make good citizens . " On this Memorial Day 2014 , we must acknowledge , not as a member of Congress , a veteran of the Vietnam War and a journalist-filmmaker , but as one nation indivisible , that Sherman 's hope for American soldiers is not being realized today . According to current Veterans Administration estimates , 22 American veterans take their lives every single day . High rates of unemployment , homelessness , alcoholism , substance abuse and post-traumatic stress are decimating our community of veterans . With the wars of the past 13 years in Iraq and Afghanistan coming to a close , we are seeing too many casualties among American soldiers in this transition to peace . In light of this crisis , we need a new kind of Memorial Day . Many veterans are desperate to talk about their experiences with fellow Americans who accept shared responsibility for what is done in war , particularly the killing . Yet these conversations rarely happen today . How can a veteran truly come home unless we acknowledge that our nation 's wars are something we all chose and paid for ? Returning Vietnam veterans were treated shamefully . That , thankfully , is behind America . We 've moved from outright hostility to awkward , if well-meant , expressions of "  thank you for your service " and the creation of a number of new veterans services organizations . However , there remains an abiding sense of national indifference , or worse , a sense that somehow veterans are victims . This must change . There are more than 2 million Iraq and Afghanistan veterans in America . That they are all proud volunteers does n't excuse us from helping them come home . Yes , the VA and other government services that cater to veterans need to work better , but there is an additional , crucial step that America must take : The entire nation must accept responsibility for the wounds , psychological and physical , that they bring home from war . Opposing the recent wars does not exempt one from this responsibility any more than opposing national health care exempts one from having to take care of America 's sick and injured . Many veterans did n't see combat , but all were separated from their families for long periods and subjected to the enormous stresses of life in a war zone . Ironically , a consequence is that veterans often feel excluded from the very society they helped defend . Other cultures understood this obligation to help rebuild the bond between a returning warrior and his community . In early Native American cultures , a warrior back from battle participated in purification ceremonies intended to reaffirm his identity . These rituals also empowered the community to welcome the warrior home : To listen to his battle tales , to appreciate his sacrifice , and to assert his value in society . In our modern society , tribal rituals should give way to a concerted , national effort to share in the stories of our fighting men and women . Pomp and circumstance are fine , but what our veterans really need is a solemn commemoration that the wars of the past 13 years -- wars waged by all of us -- are over . Our veterans also need public forums in which to tell their stories . Our soldiers ' stories are visceral , and sometimes repugnant , and their telling can close the widening gap that exists between our military and the rest of American society . We are either one nation or we 're not . We ca n't have it both ways . This is what future Memorial Days in America could mean to us all . Whether through community forums , statewide listening tours or action at the federal level , a national embrace of our veterans ' experiences is a profound way to combat today 's veterans ' crisis . Each and every American must make a commitment to help return our soldiers to society : cleansed , rehabilitated , welcomed , and empowered . Our soldiers deserve a Memorial Day 2.0 . And , as we help our veterans navigate their paths of reconciliation and reintegration , we may become better citizens ourselves . We may also find that the answers to many of America 's most pressing challenges are found in the pain and pride , the tragedies and triumphs , of American soldiers .	Writers : America is not fulfilling promise to soldiers to help them on their return to society They say veterans adrift face unemployment , homelessness , substance abuse , suicide They say many cultures see embrace of veterans as critical . All Americans should , too Writers : We must be one nation , together with our veterans , help them reintegrate , reconcile
CNN  -- Attorneys for New York City asked a federal appeals court Saturday to void the order issued in August that required the New York Police Department to change its stop-and-frisk policy . The city 's request was made to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan . It asked the appeals court to vacate U.S District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin 's rulings because they "  continue unfairly and improperly to cloud the public 's perception " of the New York Police Department . A three-judge panel of the appeals court removed Scheindlin from the case in October because she appeared to be biased , jeopardizing "  the appearance of partiality ... by a series of media interviews and public statements purporting to respond publicly to criticism of the District Court . " The appeals court cited three interviews with the New York Law Journal , The Associated Press and The New Yorker in which Scheindlin spoke about her personal beliefs on the issue and defended her decision . In August , Scheindlin ordered that the stop-and-frisk policy be altered , finding that it is unconstitutional in part because it unlawfully targets blacks and Latinos . City officials had bristled at the contention that police racially profile suspects and appealed the ruling . Scheindlin ruled that the policy violated the plaintiffs ' Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable searches , finding that police made at least 200,000 stops from 2004 to June 2012 without reasonable suspicion . She also found evidence of racial profiling , which violated the plaintiffs ' 14th Amendment rights guaranteeing equal protection . The lower court ruling to change stop-and-frisk is on hold while the city 's appeal proceeds . Scheindlin is challenging her removal from the litigation . Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio opposes stop-and-frisk and has said publicly that he would drop the city 's appeal of Scheindlin 's ruling . The stop-and-frisk policy -- in which police stop , question and frisk people they deem suspicious , even if they 've committed no crime -- has been one of the most controversial policing techniques in recent times . Civil rights and civil liberties groups challenge the practice as racist and illegal . Outgoing Mayor Michael Bloomberg , law enforcement and other proponents say the policy reduces crime . CNN 's Chris Boyette , Michael Martinez and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	New York City asks appeals court to drop ruling requiring changes to stop-and-frisk U.S District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin issued ruling , said policy unfairly targeted minorities She was removed from the case in October because of bias , appeals panel said Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio has said he would drop the city 's appeal of Scheindlin 's ruling
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A visit to the Eiffel Tower , the Statue of Liberty and the Pyramids is on the itinerary of most jet-setting travelers . Visiting the Eiffel Tower was voted the most overrated experience by tourists . But some of the most famous and iconic tourist attractions in the world are the most disappointing to actually visit , according to a survey of British tourists . And those questioned did n't think too highly of their own country 's best-known landmarks either , with Big Ben , Buckingham Palace and the Princess Diana Memorial Fountain also turning people cold . Travel expert Felice Hardy explained why many tourists , often after spending inflated amounts on reaching and then viewing the most famous places , are left with a feeling of anti-climax . "  It 's easy to be swayed by brochures that opt for the mainstream and focus on clichéd tourist sights around the world , " she said . "  But many of them are overcrowded and disappointing . "  Pick carefully and do n't always go for the obvious . Natural phenomena are usually more exciting than the man-made , and can be wonderfully free of tourists . " The Eiffel Tower -- described by Hardy as "  frustratingly overcrowded and overpriced " -- was dubbed the most disappointing international sight . Britain 's biggest letdown was Stonehenge , a sacred Druid sight in the rural south of England , which was dismissed as "  an isolated pile of rocks in a usually muddy field " by Hardy . The Diana fountain resembled "  a colorless wet skateboard park " while as far as Big Ben was concerned : "  Once you 've seen it , you 'll know what time it is -- time to go somewhere else . " Three of America 's most famous sights -- New York 's Times Square and Statue of Liberty plus The White House in Washington also made the list of shame . But the 1,267 adults questioned by Virgin Travel Insurance also nominated the best places to visit in the world , with the Treasury in the ancient city of Petra in Jordan topping the list . Other unmissables included the Grand Canal in Venice , Italy , the Masai Mara game reserve in Kenya and Australia 's Sydney Harbor Bridge . Alnwick Castle in Northumberland was voted Britain 's top tourist sight . TOP TEN MOST DISAPPOINTING GLOBAL SIGHTS 1 . The Eiffel Tower , Paris ; 2 . The Louvre , Paris ; 3 . Times Square , New York ; 4 . Las Ramblas , Barcelona ; 5 . Statue of Liberty , New York ; 6 . Spanish Steps , Rome ; 7 . The White House , Washington DC ; 8 . The Pyramids , Egypt ; 9 . The Brandenburg Gate , Berlin ; 10 . The Leaning Tower of Pisa . TOP TEN MOST DISAPPOINTING UK SIGHTS 1 . Stonehenge ; 2 . Angel of the North . Gateshead ; 3 . Blackpool Tower ; 4 . Land 's End , Cornwall ; 5 . Diana Princess of Wales Memorial Fountain , London ; 6 . The London Eye ; 7 . Brighton Pier ; 8 . Buckingham Palace ; 9 . White Cliffs of Dover ; 10 . Big Ben . TOP TEN BEST GLOBAL SIGHTS 1 . The Treasury at Petra , Jordan ; 2 . The Grand Canal , Venice ; 3 . The Masai Mara , Kenya ; 4 . Sydney Harbour Bridge ; 5 . Taroko Gorge , Taiwan ; 6 . Kings Canyon , Northern Territory , Australia ; 7 . Cappadoccia caves , Turkey ; 8 . Lake Titicaca , Peru and Bolivia ; 9 . Cable Beach , Broome , Western Australia ; 10 . Jungfraujoch railway , Switzerland . TOP TEN BEST UK SIGHTS 1 . Alnwick Castle , Northumberland ; 2 . Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge , County Antrim ; 3 . The Royal Crescent , Bath ; 4 . Shakespeare 's Globe Theatre , Southwark , south London ; 5 . The Backs , Cambridge ; 6 . Holkham Bay , Norfolk ; 7 . Lyme Regis and the Jurassic Coast , Devon and Dorset ; 8 . Tate St Ives gallery , Cornwall ; 9 . Isle of Skye , Scotland ; 10 . The Eden Project , Cornwall E-mail to a friend	Some of most iconic global tourist attractions are most disappointing to visit The Eiffel Tower , the Statue of Liberty and the Pyramids on the list The Treasury in the ancient city of Petra in Jordan voted the best place to visit
CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating why a regional commuter plane landed at the wrong West Virginia airport Tuesday night . United Express Flight 4049 operated by Silver Airways was supposed to fly from Morgantown to Clarksburg but landed instead at Fairmont Municipal Airport about 10 miles away . The Saab 340B plus aircraft can seat up to 34 people , but had 11 passengers and three crew members on board at the time , according to Silver Airways spokesman Scott Bennett . "  All passengers were re-accommodated to North Central West Virginia Airport ... in Clarksburg in a timely fashion , " Silver Airways said in a statement . "  Safety is our top priority , and we have launched an internal review to determine what led to the flight diversion , " David Querio , chief operating officer of Silver Airways said in the statement e-mailed to CNN . "  We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience to passengers aboard flight 4049 last evening . " Pending the investigation , the flight crew has been removed from service , Bennett said . Silver Airways , based in Ft. Lauderdale , Florida , started operations in last year and currently operates 120 flights a day on its 31 aircraft , according to the company 's website . The Morgantown to Clarksburg route is new for the airline , which took over those flights August 1 .	The plane landed about 10 miles from its designated destination 11 passengers were "  re-accommodated " to their destination , the airline says The FAA is investigating
CNN  -- Teams in Uganda are trying to track down anyone who came into contact with patients infected with the Ebola virus , which has killed at least 14 people there this month , authorities said Monday . "  This is very , very important , to trace every contact and to watch them for an incubation period of 21 days , " World Health Organization spokesman Gregory Hartl said . The teams -- consisting of officials from Uganda 's ministry of health , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the WHO -- are part of an aggressive approach to try to stamp out the outbreak of the highly infectious virus . Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni spoke on state and private television Sunday urging his countrymen to be cautious . "  I therefore appeal to you to be vigilant . Avoid shaking of hands ; do not take on burying somebody that has died from symptoms which look like Ebola . Instead , call the health workers to be the ones to do it . And avoid promiscuity because these sicknesses can also go through sex , " he said . This month 's outbreak in western Uganda initially went undetected because patients did not show typical symptoms , Health Minister Dr. Christine Ondoa told CNN on Sunday . Patients had fevers and were vomiting , but did not show other typical symptoms , such as hemorrhaging . The Ebola virus is a highly infectious , often fatal agent spread through direct contact with bodily fluids . Symptoms can include fever , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , headache , a measles-like rash , red eyes and , at times , bleeding from body openings . But diagnosis in an individual who has only recently been infected can be difficult since early symptoms , such as red eyes and skin rash , are seen more frequently in patients who have more common diseases , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Uganda 's Ministry of Health declared the outbreak in Kibaale district Saturday after getting confirmatory results from the Uganda Virus Research Institute identifying the disease as Ebola hemorrhagic fever , Sudan strain . The fatality rate for those infected with that strain is about 65 % , Hartl said . "  One can recover , but there 's no medicine that can help one recover , so you just have to pray that your own body is strong enough , " he said . Patients with symptoms of Ebola infection had been reported early in the month in Kibaale district . Some people delayed seeking treatment , in part , because they believed that "  evil spirits " had sickened them , according to a report from district health authorities . "  This caused civil strife among the community , requiring police intervention to quell the animosity , " the Health Ministry said . An emergency team of 100 volunteers was undergoing training Monday to help spread the word in vulnerable communities about the disease and its transmission , the Uganda Red Cross Society said in a statement . Medecins Sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , was helping set up an isolation center at Kibaale 's hospital . National health authorities say that in addition to the 14 deaths , at least six other people have been infected . Nine of the deaths were from a single household in the village of Nyanswiga , according to WHO . A medic who had treated other victims is among the dead , Ondoa said . Officials were trying to determine the extent of the outbreak , CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said Sunday . The Atlanta-based organization was sending about five people to join CDC staffers permanently based in Uganda , he said . "  These outbreaks have a tendency to stamp themselves out , if you will , if we can get in and ... stop the chain of transmission , " he said . In Kibaale , a national task force has been mobilized in an effort to stem the outbreak . As of Monday , two people with the virus remained hospitalized in stable condition , said WHO . One was a 38-year-old woman who had attended to her sister , the medic who died , and the other was a 30-year-old woman who had helped bury another victim . Though both patients had symptoms that included fever , vomiting , diarrhea and abdominal pain , neither had shown signs of hemorrhaging , the ministry said Sunday . One patient suspected of being infected with the virus ran away from a hospital Sunday morning , but was tracked to her home and returned to the hospital in Kibaale , Catherine Ntabadde , a spokeswoman for the Uganda Red Cross in Kampala , told CNN in a telephone interview . "  The concern is where she could have gone to when she ran away , " she said . Health officials urged the public to report any suspected cases , to avoid contact with anyone infected and to wear gloves and masks while disinfecting bedding and clothing of infected people . Officials also advised avoiding public gatherings in the affected district . The WHO did not recommend any travel or trade restrictions be applied to Uganda because of the outbreak . The U.S. Embassy in Kampala issued an emergency message for U.S. citizens that said the outbreak appeared to be centered in Nyamarunda Sub County , Kibaale district , although one suspected victim is reported to have traveled to Kampala for treatment at Mulago Hospital , where he died on July 22 . It urged avoiding contact with dead animals , especially primates , and refraining from eating "  bushmeat . " An Ebola explainer CNN 's David McKenzie , Tom Watkins , Nick Valencia , David Ariosto , Nana Karikari-apau , Jennifer Deaton and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : Ugandan president calls on residents to be cautious Tracing every possible contact with Ebola patients is "  very important , " WHO says The Ebola virus killed at least 14 people in midwestern Uganda this month The virus is a highly infectious disease spread through contact with bodily fluids
CNN  -- It 's been a World Cup filled with plenty of goals , surprise , intrigue and -- in Luis Suarez 's case -- an unwelcome incisor intervention . Along with Suarez , who was handed a hefty ban by FIFA Thursday for gnawing at Giorgio Chiellini 's shoulder , Cristiano Ronaldo also went home early from Brazil 2014 . So too did world champions Spain , much-fancied Italy as well as England , who managed just one point from three games in a group that saw Costa Rica and Suarez 's Uruguay reach the last 16 . Remarkably Costa Rica topped one of the tournament 's toughest groups with two impressive wins over Uruguay and Italy and a draw against England . For European observers , who perhaps do n't have the chance to watch much Latin American football , this has been a World Cup that has arguably showcased the tactical innovation and passion of the Americas . "  Whereas Latin American coaches were previously laughed off as naive and old-fashioned , there 's every reason to admire the developments that are happening now in places like Argentina , Chile and Colombia , " former Monaco chief executive and technical director Tor-Kristian Karlsen , who has regularly scouted players from Latin America , told CNN . "  There 's no coincidence that some of the biggest European club sides are in the hands of Latin American coaches , " added Karlsen , referring to Manchester City 's Chilean manager Manuel Pellegrini , Atletico Madrid 's Diego Simeone and fellow Argentines Marcelo Bielsa , who has just taken charge at Marseille , and Mauricio Pochettino , recently appointed by Tottenham Hotspur "  I particularly find the work Jorge Sampaoli -- and Bielsa previously -- have done with Chile highly impressive . " Both Sampaoli and Bielsa have built Chile 's game around that nation 's cultural and sporting genetic heritage . "  It 's clear that they have created a playing style around the physical makeup and attributes of the Chileans , " said Karlsen . "  Players from Chile were always recognized for their stamina , running capacity , combative spirit and fierce temper . "  In Sampaoli 's and Bielsa'a fast , high-pressing game , they take advantage of those characteristics to the very maximum . That 's ingenious thinking . " For the likes of Sampaoli and Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez , nothing is left to chance , with both coaches analyzing their own teams and the opposition with the software package Kizanaro . While Sampaoli , Mexico coach Miguel Herrera and Colombia 's Argentine manager Jose Pekerman have extracted the very maximum from their players , that has n't been the case with England and Russia , coached by veterans Roy Hodgson and Fabio Capello . "  Maybe the conservative ` safe pair of hands ' approach of European sides like England , Russia and Spain is becoming out of date , " argues Karlsen . "  It 's like they are still subscribing to the idea that a national team manager is all about man-management and that the opportunity to create clear technical and tactical concepts -- especially in terms of the attacking side of the game -- is minimal due to the lack of time spent with the players . "  But managers like Germany 's Joachim Low and Sampaoli prove that a national team job is as suitable as a club job for sophisticated technical concepts . "  I also think that in Western Europe we tend to overvalue the idea of a manager 's personality , reputation and profile , at the expense of his ideas and ability to invent tactical schemes and concepts . " Having come into this tournament having won three major tournaments in a row -- Euro 2008 and 2012 as well as the 2010 World Cup -- Spain found themselves out after the first two games following a 5-1 humiliation at the hands of the Netherlands and then a 2-0 defeat by Chile . Karlsen believes this tournament has highlighted the need for national football federations , as well as managers , to continually evolve if they want to stay ahead . "  I 'm quite confident that the poor performances from certain European nations will put a lot more pressure on their incumbent managers to come up with clear and unique ideas as to how their sides can be improved , " he says . "  Supposedly being good at man-management and defensive organisation simply does n't suffice any more . The smaller non-European nations are catching up tactically , leaving no room for complacency . " Low wins special praise from Karlsen for Germany 's rigorous preparation for this World Cup campaign , preparation rewarded as "  Die Mannschaft " topped another tough group . "  I know that the Germans have been particularly meticulous in their preparations for the tournament , for example by rehearsing match-day routines on the day of certain training sessions , " he says . "  Germany have an amazing team working around the clock during -- and leading up to -- the tournament to ensure that every little detail is catered for . "  Maybe this is where some of the other nations fail . In football , organization around the team is extremely important and can make a great deal of difference . " Ahead of the World Cup there had been talk of how the weather might affect the European teams , one of the arguments often advanced as to why a European side has never won a World Cup in Central or South America or the U.S. "  I do n't really believe that the European teams have been that much affected by the climatic conditions , " says Karlsen . "  Germany , USA , France or Switzerland are no more used to the conditions in Brazil than Mediterranean sides such as Spain , Portugal and Italy . "  Besides , Germany and USA have done well playing in particularly difficult climatic conditions . "  Organization around the team , such as carelessly picking hotels , training sites and understanding every players ' need is the key to success -- and having competent people to take care of these issues is paramount . "  The name of the continent where the tournament is held does n't really matter that much if you are well prepared . " Weather aside , this World Cup has also demonstrated that Latin American players might just care more about international football . "  The Latin American teams seem to have a stronger identity and the players seem to show an overwhelming sense of pride when wearing the national team colors , " said Karlsen . "  Maybe , for a variety of reason , this is is n't quite as strongly felt among Western European players these days . "  It 's a generalization , but if one European player ends up giving 98 % during the World Cup and a South American offers 100 % that can make a difference on the pitch . " Four players have particularly impressed Karlsen in the group stages . "  I would say the Colombian James Rodriguez for showing on the world stage that he 's possibly the best playmaker in the world at present , " he says . "  Neymar is performing magnificently , with all the pressure he 's carrying the nation on his shoulders . Without his creativity and flair , Brazil would look nothing more than average . "  I 've also been extremely impressed with the Uruguayan center-back , Jose Gimenez . At only 19 he 's settled so well into the void left by the out-of-form Diego Lugano . "  It 's amazing , given that Gimenez has just played one single league appearance for Atletico Madrid . "  Alexis Sanchez is also having a great tournament for Chile . "	South American teams Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Uruguay and Argentina qualify for last 16 So too does Costa Rica and Mexico from Central America Team USA praised for reaching knockout stages from tough group Tradtional European "  heavyweights " England , Italy and Spain go home early
CNN  If you 've been following the news lately , there are certain things you doubtless know about Mohammad Javad Zarif . He is , of course , the Iranian foreign minister . He has been U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions that could lead to an end to sanctions against Iran -- if the details can be worked out in the coming weeks . And he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in Iran on a sunny Friday morning . "  Long live Zarif , " crowds chanted as his car rolled slowly down the packed street . You may well have read that he is "  polished " and , unusually for one burdened with such weighty issues , "  jovial . " An Internet search for "  Mohammad Javad Zarif " and "  jovial " yields thousands of results . He certainly has gone a long way to bring Iran in from the cold and allow it to rejoin the international community . But there are some facts about Zarif that are less well-known . Here are six : In September 2013 , Zarif tweeted "  Happy Rosh Hashanah , " referring to the Jewish New Year . That prompted Christine Pelosi , the daughter of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , to respond with a tweet of her own : "  Thanks . The New Year would be even sweeter if you would end Iran 's Holocaust denial , sir . " And , perhaps to her surprise , Pelosi got a response . "  Iran never denied it , " Zarif tweeted back . "  The man who was perceived to be denying it is now gone . Happy New Year . " The reference was likely to former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who had left office the previous month . Zarif was nominated to be foreign minister by Ahmadinejad 's successor , Hassan Rouhami . His foreign ministry notes , perhaps defensively , that "  due to the political and security conditions of the time , he decided to continue his education in the United States . " That is another way of saying that he was outside the country during the demonstrations against the Shah of Iran , which began in 1977 , and during the Iranian Revolution , which drove the shah from power in 1979 . Zarif left the country in 1977 , received his undergraduate degree from San Francisco State University in 1981 , his master 's in international relations from the University of Denver in 1984 and his doctorate from the University of Denver in 1988 . Both of his children were born in the United States . The website of the Iranian Foreign Ministry , which Zarif runs , can not even agree with itself on when he was born . The first sentence of his official biography , perhaps in a nod to the powers that be in Tehran , says Zarif was "  born to a religious traditional family in Tehran in 1959 . " Later on the same page , however , his date of birth is listed as January 8 , 1960 . And the Iranian Diplomacy website says he was born in in 1961 So he is 54 , 55 or maybe even 56 . Whichever , he is still considerably younger than his opposite number , Kerry , who is 71 . The feds investigated him over his alleged role in controlling the Alavi Foundation , a charitable organization . The U.S. Justice Department said the organization was secretly run on behalf of the Iranian government to launder money and get around U.S. sanctions . But last year , a settlement in the case , under which the foundation agreed to give a 36-story building in Manhattan along with other properties to the U.S. government , did not mention Zarif 's name . Early in the Iranian Revolution , Zarif was among the students who took over the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco . The aim , says the website Iranian.com -- which cites Zarif 's memoirs , titled "  Mr. Ambassador " -- was to expel from the consulate people who were not sufficiently Islamic . Later , the website says , Zarif went to make a similar protest at the Iranian mission to the United Nations . In response , the Iranian ambassador to the United Nations offered him a job . In fact , he has now spent more time with Kerry than any other foreign minister in the world . And that amount of quality time will only increase as the two men , with help from other foreign ministers as well , try to meet a June 30 deadline for nailing down the details of the agreement they managed to outline this week in Switzerland .	Mohammad Javad Zarif has spent more time with John Kerry than any other foreign minister He once participated in a takeover of the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco The Iranian foreign minister tweets in English
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Authorities have arrested five additional suspects connected with last week 's kidnapping of major league baseball player Wilson Ramos , Venezuelan officials said Monday . The five Colombian citizens are among 11 people detained in connection with the case , Venezuela 's justice ministry said in a statement . Investigators released few details about the arrests , but were scheduled to release more information about the case at a press conference Monday morning . Security forces rescued Ramos on Friday in Montalban , a mountainous region about 60 miles from the north central Venezuelan town where gunmen kidnapped him two days earlier , state media reported . Ramos , a rising star for the Washington Nationals as a rookie this past year , was in his native country to play in Venezuela 's winter league . But before his first game with the Aragua Tigers , gunmen kidnapped him Wednesday night from his mother 's home in Santa Ines , a team spokeswoman said .	Five suspects arrested are Colombian citizens , Venezuela 's justice ministry says Venezuelan security forces rescued Wilson Ramos on Friday Ramos is a rising star for the Washington Nationals
Washington  CNN  -- New details emerged of what the White House knew about the Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative groups , with spokesman Jay Carney disclosing Chief of Staff Denis McDonough was among the top officials made aware of the matter late last month . In a new timeline provided by Carney to reporters on Monday , General Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler learned on April 24 of a pending Treasury inspector general 's report on how IRS staff used criteria targeting conservative groups in assessing eligibility for tax-exempt status . According to Carney , Ruemmler told McDonough as well as other Treasury officials about the pending report . It was the first time the White House acknowledged that McDonough was aware of the report before it became public in early May . IRS : By the numbers In addition , Carney made clear that the information Ruemmler received on April 24 included details of improper acts by IRS officials . At the same time , Carney emphasized that the information was preliminary and could have changed before the inspector general released his final report on May 14 . Carney insisted no one -- including Ruemmler and McDonough -- told President Barack Obama anything about the inspector general 's pending report before media reports about it began appearing on May 10 . "  We knew the subject of the investigation and we knew the nature of some of the potential findings , but we did not have a copy of the draft report , " Carney said . "  We did not know the details , the scope , or the motivation surrounding the misconduct and we did not know who was responsible . Most importantly , the report was not final and still very much subject to change . " Opinion : What happened to Obama 's promise ? However , the new information on Monday continued a perception of a White House on the defensive over the issue , one of at least three controversies dogging Obama as his second term reaches the four-month mark . The Senate Finance Committee will hold the second congressional hearing on the matter Tuesday , after the House Ways and Means Committee grilled the outgoing acting commissioner of the IRS last Friday . On Monday , the Senate panel 's Democratic chairman and ranking Republican sent a letter to the IRS official , Steven Miller , seeking an exhaustive list of information about the case . Another hearing is set for Wednesday by a third panel -- the House Oversight Committee . Some Republicans are calling for a special investigation into the IRS matter , in which tax officers assessing applications for tax-exempt status used key words such as "  tea party " in determining levels of scrutiny . CNN Poll : Likability helps Obama survive brutal week Separately on Monday , a Northern California tea party group filed the first lawsuit against the U.S. government stemming from the IRS targeting . "  The IRS and its agents singled out groups like NorCal Tea Party Patriots for intensive and intrusive scrutiny , probing their members ' associates , speech , activities and beliefs , " according to the suit filed in Cincinnati . "  NorCal and its members suffered years of delay and expense while awaiting the exemption and spending valuable time and money answering the IRS ' questions . The result was a muffling and muzzling of free expression " the lawsuit claimed . The group alleged violations under the Privacy Act as well as violations of its constitutional rights guaranteeing free expression and equal protection under the law . Opinion : We 're pointing a gun at our democracy Carney offered the new timeline in response to the first question at his daily media briefing , when a reporter noted "  confusion " over what Ruemmler was told about the inspector general report in late April . He noted the report found no outside intervention in the IRS targeting of what he called "  inappropriate scrutinizing of conservative groups " seeking tax-exempt status , and that no one in the White House intervened in the inspector general 's review or "  did anything that could be see as intervening . " In addition , Carney said , the misconduct had stopped in May 2012 , almost a year before Ruemmler or anyone else at the White House were told of it by anyone at Treasury . At the same time , Carney disclosed that White House and Treasury officials discussed the pending inspector general 's report in the weeks before its formal release , even though he said no one told Obama about it . The White House first was notified of the upcoming report , known as an audit , on April 16 , he said , calling that a routine notification also provided to Congress . Ruemmler was told about it eight days later and she informed McDonough and others about it shortly thereafter , Carney said . "  Ruemmler was informed that the inspector general for tax administration was completing a report about line IRS employees improperly scrutinizing what are known 501  c   4  organizations by using words such as ` tea party ' and ` patriot ' , " he said . In particular , Carney said that "  at no time did anyone on the White House staff intervene with the IRS inspector general audit . " "  There were communications between the White House Counsel 's office and White House Chief of Staff 's office with Treasury Office of General Counsel and Treasury 's Chief of Staff office to understand the anticipated timing of the release of the report and potential findings by the " inspector general , he said , but added that Ruemmler acted properly in not informing the president . IRS official denies intentional political targeting , lying to Congress "  The cardinal rule , as I said , is you do not intervene in an independent investigation and you do not do anything that would be , that would give such an appearance particularly when the final conclusions , as was the case here , have not been reached , " Carney said . "  That is the doctrine we followed and the bottom line is , and this is n't just the most important fact , it is what we have said from the beginning - neither the White House nor Treasury intervened in the inspector general 's audit . " Last week , Miller blamed a huge increase in workload , rather than deliberate targeting , for "  foolish mistakes " in the political discrimination cited by the inspector general 's report . He told the House Ways and Means Committee that the IRS division handling requests for tax exempt status was overwhelmed by a surge that followed the Supreme Court 's 2010 Citizens United decision . "  I think that what happened here was that foolish mistakes were made by people who were trying to be more efficient in their workload selection , " Miller said , calling the practices described in the inspector general 's report as "  intolerable " and a "  mistake , " but "  not an act of partisanship . " He apologized for what he later called "  horrible customer service , " but he also stubbornly rejected any accusation that it amounted to politicizing the work of the IRS . However , Republicans noted the increased requests for tax exempt status did n't kick in until 2011 , months after the targeting began , according to the inspector general 's report . Rep. Dave Camp , chairman of the Republican-led panel , and other GOP members sought to depict the controversy as indicative of government gone wild , with the IRS abusing conservative groups and other political foes of the administration . Democrats on the committee also expressed outrage at the targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status , but they pointed out that the top IRS official at the time was appointed by Republican President George W. Bush , not Obama . Opinion : IRS scandal is about donors , not tax They also noted that the inspector general 's report stated there was no evidence of any political motivation for what happened , or influence from outside the IRS . The Treasury Department oversees the quasi-independent IRS . Some Republicans are trying to find a link between the Obama administration and the IRS targeting . According to the inspector general 's report , the IRS developed and followed a faulty policy to determine whether the applicants were engaged in political activities , which would disqualify the groups from receiving tax-exempt status . The controversial move began in early 2010 and continued for more than 18 months , the report said , declaring that "  the IRS used inappropriate criteria that identified for review Tea Party and other organizations applying for tax-exempt status based upon their names or policy positions instead of indications of potential political campaign intervention . " Among the criteria used by IRS officials to flag applications was a "  Be On the Look Out " list , which was discontinued in 2012 , the report said . Conservative groups complain their requests were delayed for months or even years through the targeting that sought to prevent ineligible political groups from getting tax exempt status . Miller testified Friday that determining the political nature of groups was one of the hardest tasks of IRS officers tasked with assessing requests for tax exempt status . The investigation by the Treasury inspector general for tax administration was initiated after congressional complaints began to surface in the media in 2012 that the IRS was targeting conservative groups and holding up applications . In a written response included in the report , the IRS commissioner of the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division said there was no criminal behavior behind the actions of the agents , but rather inefficient management . Obama called the inspector general 's findings outrageous and forced Miller 's resignation . In addition , the commissioner of the IRS ' Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division also announced his retirement Thursday . Joseph Grant will leave in June , according to an internal IRS memo provided to CNN . Miller also is scheduled to exit then . Obama has appointed Danny Werfel , a White House budget office official who has served in both Democratic and Republican administrations , to succeed Miller through the end of the fiscal year on September 30 . Obama counter-punches in effort to regain political balance CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	A Senate committee holds a hearing Tuesday on the IRS targeting White House discloses new details of what it knew about the IRS targeting report White House spokesman says President Obama was n't told of the pending report NEW : First lawsuit filed over IRS targeting
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Everyone has heard of the worm at the bottom of the bottle , but what customs officials in Miami found kicked that up a few notches . Customs officials in Miami seized what they believe is "  snake wine , " poisonous snakes bottled in alcohol . United States Customs and Border Protection officers conducting a routine inspection on Wednesday seized a cobra and other poisonous snakes in a bottle believed to be "  snake wine . " Customs officials said the snakes , mixed in a glass container containing some form of alcohol , were inside an express mail package from Thailand . Jose Castellano , a spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection , said the agency discovered the bizarre beverage during the course of what otherwise would have been an ordinary search . As strange as the tale might seem , Castellano said it was just another day at the office . "  We 're not just at airports checking passports , " said Castellano , whose officers also confiscated cocaine hidden in a diaper the same day they found the snake wine . "  We check mail , boats and planes to make sure that anything that can be harmful or illegal does not enter the United States , " he said . "  Based on a risk management system , we decide what packages we look at , depending on where they are from , and a lot of different characteristics that would cause us to look into something , " Castellano said . The investigation into the unusual cocktail is being handled by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service . Importing cobras into the United States is illegal because they are an endangered species . "  It is wildlife that was not declared , " said Eddie McKissick , a spokesman . "  The issue is that this species of snake is protected by the convention on international trade in endangered species . It applies to live and dead animals . " "  We see this all the time , " he added . "  Not just the cobras , sometimes it 's turtles and even dried sea horses . " Customs officials said the practice of producing an alcoholic beverage that includes a whole venomous snake in the bottle originated in Vietnam and is popular in Southeast Asia . Officials said the entire snake is submerged in the alcohol , often with insects or other animals such as turtles . The snakes , preferably venomous , are not usually preserved for their meat , but to have the snake poison dissolved in the liquor , which is then used for medicinal purposes , officials said . Federal officials said the package was shipped from Thailand to an address in the southeastern United States . Authorities declined to reveal where or to whom the package was destined . "  We 're still gathering facts and have n't determined a course of action , " McKissick said . The package , like all international mail , was inspected when it reached the regional Customs inspection site in the area for which it is destined . Once inspected , mail is turned over to the U.S. Postal system . McKissick said importation of endangered species into the United States requires a permit and proper procedures have to be followed . "  If you have a demand for a wildlife species , someone has to go out and kill that species , so the regulations apply , " he said . "  These species require an export permit that they did not have . "	Customs officials seize container of poisonous snakes in alcohol "  Snake wine " popular in Southeast Asia Officials say they think wine is used for medicinal purposes Spokesman says bottle was discovered during routine inspection
Washington  CNN  -- In a move that could improve security and keep airport lines moving , the Transportation Security Administration early next year will begin testing machines that match a traveler 's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID , while verifying that both documents are authentic . The machines will assist the TSA "  travel document checkers , " who now conduct checks assisted only by ultraviolet flashlights and magnifying loupes . In 2006 , an Indiana University doctoral student created a website allowing people to create fake boarding passes to demonstrate how a known terrorist on the "  No Fly " list could use a fake boarding pass to get past a checkpoint . Once on the other side , the terrorist could use a real boarding pass acquired under an alias to board a plane . And in June , a Nigerian man was arrested after he flew across the country allegedly with a false boarding pass . Authorities said they found several other phony boarding passes in his luggage . The new technology would authenticate government-issued IDs by comparing written information on the card with information encoded in the ID 's bar codes , magnetic strip or computer chip . It would also match the ID to the boarding pass . The system will alert screeners if either document does not pass validation . If the issue is easily rectifiable , such as misspelling of the passenger 's name , the TSA may allow the person to proceed . If not immediately resolved , the passenger will be directed to a TSA supervisor . "  This technology will help facilitate risk-based security , while making the process more effective and efficient , " TSA Administrator John S. Pistole said . The TSA has awarded contracts of $ 79 million each to three companies : BAE Systems Information Solutions , NCR Government Systems and Trans Digital Technologies , LLC . Each company will provide 10 machines for testing at U.S. airports . The TSA has not disclosed which airports will get the machines . In August , the TSA 's chief privacy officer issued a report saying the machines have minimal privacy implications because only a limited amount of personal information is collected by the machines and because this information "  is deleted after use . " A TSA spokeswoman said earlier versions of the technology were tested at two Washington-area airports in 2009 .	The TSA will test machines that match a boarding pass with the passenger 's ID The TSA has not disclosed which airport will get the test machines The machines will be tested starting early in 2012 The machines could improve security and traffic flow in airports
CNN  -- From "  The West Wing " to "  The Help , " Allison Janney has been part of some of the most acclaimed ensemble casts of the big and small screens . But for her latest role , the award-winning actress finds yet another medium to share her talents and this time with just one other performer , 18-year-old starlet Dakota Fanning . In a production shown exclusively on the YouTube original content channel , "  WIGS , " Janney has the title role in "  Celia . " As has often been the case for Janney , the role happens to line up with her personal political views . In the eight-minute short , she plays a pro-choice doctor who both counsels women about abortions and performs them . However , her latest patient , "  Hannah "  Fanning  , is a bit different . Hannah is the teenage daughter of Celia 's dear friend , and Celia 's friend has no idea her daughter is pregnant . Like the political themes of "  West Wing " or issues of class and racism in "  The Help , " Janney was immediately drawn to the script and hungry to portray a character that might get people talking . In an interview with CNN , Janney had some choice words for anyone going head-to-head with women 's rights , pointed a finger at a certain reality TV show she blames for killing "  The West Wing , " and offered up a few pearls of wisdom to fellow "  5-foot-12 " beauties like herself . ` West Wing ' cast reunites for one last ` walk and talk ' CNN : What drew you to "  Celia ? " Allison Janney : It 's very thought provoking . I read it and I believed in a woman 's right to choose , and this is how I 'm political in doing projects like this . I think this opens up a dialogue with people who watch , and even those people who are pro-life can watch it and appreciate it . CNN : You ca n't help but ask yourself , "  What would I do in this situation ? " Janney : Yeah , I totally did . I have friends with daughters Dakota 's age and I think it would be very tricky for me . I thought it was wonderful in that you 're not sure what the outcome is . I do n't believe in answers . Everyone gets to talk about whether or not they think she did it . Did she go to a new doctor or did she end up having the baby ? I definitely feel that it is between a woman and her doctor and her loved ones . That 's where those decisions should be made -- not legislated by the government . CNN : Does it surprise you , 40 years after Roe vs. Wade , that this is still such a heated and debated topic ? Janney : It 's extraordinary to me ! It makes me so angry in a country where we are all suppose to be , "  Freedom rings ... Freedom ! ... Freedom ! " And then women are the ones constantly being cut down and having information and education kept away from them as if we ca n't be trusted to make our own choices . It 's infuriating . CNN : A lot of attention has been focused on women 's issue this election cycle , from abortion and contraception to funding for Planned Parenthood . Janney : The fact that anyone is trying to defund Planned Parenthood ... my mother use to work for Planned Parenthood and I was always aware of their existence .  Those against Planned Parenthood  want to keep women in the dark . They want to take away their right to have access to health care and education about how to take care of their own bodies . It 's evil . CNN : Your "  Celia " co-star Dakota Fanning turned 18 this year and will be able to vote for the first time . Janney : What a beautiful young actress . I met her sister Elle the other night at an event where she was being honored . They 're both so wonderfully self-possessed , mature and very smart . Dakota was a little intimidating ! At her age ! I still feel like a teenager and she 's so professional and talented and just extraordinary . I would credit that to her parents . I also wanted to do  "  Celia "  because I knew I 'd be working with her . I love everything she 's been in and thought she 'd be that caliber of an actress who could take on this issue and do it the right way . CNN : There was a time not too long ago when movie stars would n't do TV . Now there 's the Internet . What does it take for someone with your resume to go online ? Janney :  Laughter  This is two-fold . This is my way of being political . I did "  Prop 8 : The Musical " and recently this PSA  public-service announcement  with the "  West Wing " group for Bridget Mary McCormack , who is running for  Michigan  state Supreme Court . It brings me so much joy do projects about subject matters that I believe in . I 'm not an activist in the sense that I ca n't go out and speak in front of people . I 'm so terrified to speak in public and I ca n't believe I 'm an actress ! And it 's also economics . People ca n't afford to be snobs about any medium . CNN : A lot of people blame the Kardashians for sucking up all the TV time . Janney :  laughter  Exactly . "  The West Wing " was hit hard by reality television . I 've always had a chip on my shoulder about it . I ca n't believe we had the same viewers as "  The Bachelor , " but when that first hit in 2001 or 2002 , slowly our ratings started to go because we were opposite . I was , like , "  what is going on ? Why do people that like to watch "  The West Wing " like to watch "  The Bachelor " ?! I 've always hated reality television . Networks love to back those shows because it does n't cost them anything . Scripted television and well-paid actors have taken a hit -- it 's it has changed the landscape of television . CNN : The "  West Wing " PSA you mention was a cruel tease for many to see the whole gang back together . Fans are demanding a reunion . Janney : I wish . I had so much fun . I realized how much I missed all those people when we got to spend the whole Saturday together . I miss being with those people . They 're extraordinary , funny , smart actors and they were my family for so long . It was a tease for me , too ! CNN : If a full show is too much , what about a movie ? Janney : I know . I know . I 'm afraid that 's all in Aaron 's  Sorkin  hands . I have no say in that matter , but I would love it ! I love that character , one of my favorites I 've ever gotten to play . CNN : You 're 6 feet tall , is that right ? Janney : I am . I like to say 5-foot-12 ! CNN : Do you have any advice for kids , especially tall girls who might be facing bullies or are struggling to feel comfortable in their bodies ? Janney : I always encourage girls to take ballet or modern dance , and have an appreciation for their beauty and their body and lines . That gave me a lot of confidence . It 's not easy being the tallest person in class and feeling so gangly and huge . I think dance is a way to give women , especially tall women , control over their body and an appreciation of it .	Allison Janney is co-staring in a YouTube original production She plays a pro-choice doctor opposite Dakota Fanning Janney says she has "  always hated reality television "
CNN  -- White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel dismissed questions about whether President Obama is being overexposed with his recent media blitz , saying Tuesday that the American people want to hear what Obama is doing about a struggling economy . Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel says President Barack Obama is using the media to keep citizens informed . Speaking to CNN 's Larry King moments after Obama finished a prime time news conference , Emanuel said people are talking about issues like jobs , education and health care , and want to know where their president stands . "  You can say maybe there 's overexposure , " Emanuel said . "  I think if you watch and see , there have been greater audiences for the shows he has been on to answer these questions , because these are the questions the American people are asking around their kitchen tables . " In the past week , Obama has appeared on CBS ' "  60 Minutes " and NBC 's "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , " the first appearance by a sitting president on a late-night talk show . He fielded questions for an hour at Tuesday 's news conference and also appeared last week on ESPN filling out his bracket for the NCAA men 's basketball tournament . Some analysts say the president risks diluting his message in the public 's mind by being visible so frequently . Some Republicans and other critics have accused Obama of maintaining a campaign mentality when he needs to be governing . But Emanuel said a public anxious about the economy has largely rejected those notions . "  I think in this troubled time ... the American people expect the president to talk to them , walk them through his thinking -- why he makes the decisions he makes , what are the tradeoffs to those decisions -- and carry them through this process , " he said . "  I think they 're very engaged in this conversation . If you look at the data , they are involved in this conversation and interested in this dialogue and appreciate an adult conversation with them about the changes they 're making and the changes their government and their elected leaders are making on their behalf . "	Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel says president using media to spread message Emanuel says Obama wants to keep Americans aware of his economic plan Some say president risks diluting his message by being visible so frequently Emanuel : In troubled time , Americans "  expect the president to talk to them "
CNN  -- Europe regained the Solheim Cup with a 15-13 victory over the United States at Killeen Castle in Ireland Sunday . With the scores tied 8-8 going into the concluding 12 singles matches , a close finish always looked likely and the outcome boiled down to the last three matches on course . Norway 's Suzann Pettersen led the European fight back as she came down from one down with three to play to beat Michelle Wie by one hole . At the culmination of a superb match , Pettersen holed an eight-foot birdie putt on the final green to tip the match in Europe 's favor . In the second last singles , Caroline Hedwall , two down with two to play against Ryann O'Toole , won the last two holes for a vital half point , which effectively sealed the European triumph , their players running onto the 18th green to celebrate . With Azahara Munoz one up with one to play against Angela Stanford , it meant Europe had an unassailable one-point lead . After the green cleared , Stanford played a superb approach to within a few feet , but both putts were conceded to hand Munoz a 1up victory . The United States , who had won the last three editions of the biennial team competition , suffered an early blow when Cristie Kerr was forced to withdraw from her final singles match against Karen Stupples with an injured wrist . Kerr was left in tears at the concession of a point which was to prove crucial . Catriona Matthew gave Europe early impetus with a 6 and 5 victory over Paula Creamer in the top singles and Sophie Gustafson added a second point for the home side with a final green win over Stacy Lewis . Brittany Lang and Morgan Pressel , with her fourth win in four , put the United States back on to the front foot and the match between veterans Juli Inkster and Laura Davies ended all square . Christina Kim of the United States beat fellow rookie Maria Hjorth , while American Vicky Hurst beat Melissa Reid by two holes and Europe 's Christel Boeljon overcame Brittany Lincicome by the same margin to set up the exciting finale with the scores then tied 12 1/2 - 12 1/2 . Europe captain Alison Nicholas was leading her team to the fourth victory in 12 contests and they will defend the trophy at Colorado Golf Club in 2013 . "  My team played with such heart and passion . The rookies were fantastic and the experienced players have done so well . They are all champions , " Nicholas told Sky Sports .	Europe win back Solheim Cup with 15-13 win over United States at Killeen Castle in Ireland Match tips Europe 's way in last three singles matches with Suzann Pettersen leading way Swede beats Michelle Wie on final hole after trailing with three holes remaining Cristie Kerr of United States has to concede match against Karen Stupples through injury
Tribune Media Services  -- Fantastique France continues to make its heritage and culture easier for travelers to appreciate . Being up-to-date on changes for 2009 will help your visit go smoothly . The Eiffel Tower is planning to offer online reservations , allowing visitors to book an entry time and avoid a long wait . Due to a smoking ban , you 'll enjoy fresh air in bars , cafes and restaurants throughout France . The smokers have scurried outdoors to sidewalk tables ; many of those seats now come with space heaters in winter . If you 're traveling in France by railpass , it 's increasingly important to book trips on the TGV bullet trains in advance , as there 's a strict limit on the number of seats allowed for railpass holders . And with high gas prices -- and the recognition among Europeans that rail travel is about as green as you can go -- trains are more crowded than ever . In Paris , the transit system has introduced a chip-card called the Passe Navigo Decouverte , but for most tourists , the "  carnets "  packs of 10 individual tickets  are still the better deal . The new Passe costs about $ 27 , runs strictly from Monday through Sunday , and requires a photo , which means it 's not shareable . In contrast , a 10-ticket pack costs about $ 14 , is shareable , and has no expiration date . Paris ' Notre-Dame Cathedral has a new modest-dress rule . The "  no shorts " code is not strictly enforced , but inside you 're expected to be quiet and respectful . A new online reservation system for the Eiffel Tower may debut in 2009 , allowing Tour-Eiffel-ists to book a half-hour time slot and avoid the notorious lines . At the Army Museum nearby , the section on 19th-century French military history  "  Revolution to Napoleon III "  should reopen in the spring . The museum also has a new Charles de Gaulle wing , offering a 25-minute film , plus a high-tech display of photos tracing the life of France 's towering 20th-century figure . Paris ' market streets delight many visitors . While rue Cler  near the Eiffel Tower  has become quite touristy , rue des Martyrs  at the foot of Montmartre  is edgier and a great way to connect with workaday Paris . If you 'd like to "  do the Time Warp again " while ducking airborne "  French " toast , you can enjoy the cult movie "  Rocky Horror Picture Show " with a Parisian crowd Friday and Saturday nights in the Latin Quarter  www.rocky.fr  . Travel Snapshots : Paris The Palace of Versailles is undergoing extensive renovation so expect some closures . Repair projects may close its Opera House through June ; the Petit Trianon may be closed or only partially open . Busy sightseers can save both time and money by visiting Versailles with the Paris Museum Pass . The pass covers most major sights in and around Paris , pays for itself in about three entries , and allows you to walk right by the long ticket-buying lines at places like the Louvre , the Orsay Museum , the Sainte-Chapelle chapel , and Versailles  www.parismuseumpass.com  . However , everyone needs to wait through any bag-check security line . The charming city of Reims , rebuilt after World War I when Art Deco was the prevailing style , is now served by a speedy TGV train , making it an easy day trip from Paris . Reims is known for its champagne tours  Mumm , Taittinger and Martel  , giant cathedral  with Chagall stained glass  , and fascinating Museum of the Surrender  General Eisenhower 's final World War II headquarters with stirring artifacts and the document of surrender that was signed by German generals right there  . This year is the 65th anniversary of the D-Day landings in Normandy ; prepare for big crowds -- especially from June 1 to 10 . Also in Normandy , a museum has opened at Dead Man 's Corner , a critical crossroads between Omaha and Utah beaches that saw five torrid days of fighting in 1944 . This museum , south of Ste. Mere-Eglise , is a hit with enthusiasts as every display case shows incredible attention to detail . It also has a remarkable selection of D-Day paraphernalia for sale -- both original items and replicas . In Chinon  in the Loire Valley  the massive renovation project has nearly been completed at the medieval castle where Joan of Arc implored French King Charles VII to "  act like a man and fight the English . " The castle is now connected to the old town by a snazzy glass elevator . Farther west , at Mont St. Michel , the first stage is under way of an ambitious project to make it a true island once again . On the French Riviera , Nice has dropped the entry fee for all city museums . Basically every sight in town -- except the Chagall Museum and the Russian Cathedral -- is free to enter . That 's nice . Antibes , just a short hop away by train , has finally reopened its prized Picasso Museum after extensive renovation . No matter what changes , visiting France is always a pleasure , which is why it remains the No. 1 tourist destination in Europe . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
A gang task force arrested a man early Saturday in connection with a shooting near a high school in Portland , Oregon , police said . A gunman had opened fire Friday on four people near Rosemary Anderson High School , then fled on foot with two other men , according to witnesses . Officers from the Portland Police Gang Enforcement Team stopped a vehicle overnight and arrested 22-year-old Lonzo Murphy , police said in a statement . They also recovered a handgun from the vehicle . Police have not said if they suspect Murphy was the shooter or one of the men who fled with the shooter . The wounded When medical technicians arrived at Rosemary Anderson High School , all of the wounded were conscious and talking , police said in a statement . Three of the victims were taken to a local hospital . One victim , Taylor Zimmers , 16 , is in critical condition . Two more , David Jackson-Liday , 20 , and Labraye Franklin , 17 , are in fair condition . A 17-year-old girl suffered a grazing wound in the shooting and was treated on the scene . "  All four gunshot victims are affiliated with the school , " police said . The shooting The shooting happened around 12:15 p.m. local time not far from the campus in north Portland , police spokesman Sgt. Pete Simpson said . After being shot , at least three victims ran inside a school building , a caller told authorities . "  I saw him stumble into the school holding his stomach , he said my brother 's name and then he fell on the ground , " one student told CNN affiliate KATU . The suspect may be affiliated with a gang but it 's not known if the shooting was gang-related or "  a personal beef , " Simpson said . An argument may have preceded the shooting . The suspect was described as a male in his late teens or early 20s and he was accompanied by two other males in the same age range . They left the area quickly on foot , Simpson said . He said the police department 's gang task force was investigating . Agents from the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also arrived to assist , he said . At-risk students The school system website says Rosemary Anderson High enrolls about 200 at-risk students who "  have either been expelled or dropped out of public high school and many are homeless . " All the shooting victims were students at the school or had taken job training or been enrolled in other programs there , Simpson said . The victims were breathing , conscious and talking as they were transported to Legacy Emanuel Medical Center , Simpson said . The campus was locked down for a while but classes later resumed , Simpson said . Nearby Jefferson High School and Portland Community College were locked down as police sought the shooter , authorities said , but the lockdown was lifted after a few hours . Pastor : ` Heartbreaking ' A man who said he 's the pastor of one of the shooting victims told CNN affiliate KOIN that the shooting was "  heartbreaking . " "  The young man I know attends our church frequently , " said Jason Nelson of Cornerstone Community Church of God in Christ . He called the victim "  a bright young man " and said he did not believe he was involved in any criminal activity . "  You hear about shootings every day and when it comes close to your school it 's heartbreaking , " Nelson told KOIN . Another school shooting occurred about six months ago in the Portland area . One person was killed June 10 at Reynolds High School in Troutdale , about 12 miles east of Portland . One person was killed .	Police stopped the man in a vehicle ; they found a handgun in the car The shooting happened near a school campus in north Portland Wounded victims ran into a building at the school , police said Police say the shooter fled the scene accompanied by two other males
CNN  -- The winter of 1609 to 1610 was treacherous for early American settlers . Some 240 of the 300 colonists at Jamestown , in Virginia , died during this period , called the "  Starving Time , " when they were under siege and had no way to get food . Desperate times led to desperate measures . New evidence suggests that includes eating the flesh of fellow colonists who had already died . Archaeologists revealed Wednesday their analysis of 17th century skeletal remains suggesting that settlers practiced cannibalism to survive . Researchers unearthed an incomplete human skull and tibia  shin bone  in 2012 that contain several features suggesting that this particular person had been cannibalized . The remains come from a 14-year-old girl of English origin , whom historians are calling "  Jane . " There are about half a dozen accounts that mention cannibalistic behaviors at that time , although the record is limited , said Douglas Owsley , division head of physical anthropology at the Smithsonian National Museum of National History . The newly analyzed remains support these accounts , providing the first forensic evidence of cannibalism in the American colonies . What we know from the bones Jane 's remains were found in a 17th-century trash deposit at the former site of James Fort . William Kelso , chief archaeologist at the Jamestown Rediscovery Project said at a briefing Wednesday that the fort was built in 1607 , but has been washed away . Kelso and colleagues began digging in 1994 and have been excavating the site on Jamestown Island ever since . Owsley and colleagues can tell quite a bit about what happened to Jane when at least one starving settler in the fort apparently tried to feed off of her . If it 's any consolation , it appears that she was already dead at the time . Researchers say it looks like someone had tried , but failed to open the skull with four shallow chops to the forehead . The back of the skull contains markings that could have been made by a small hatchet or cleaver striking it . The cranium cracked open from the last hit . Forensic experts say it appears the person striking the skull was right-handed . The skull 's mandible contains cuts all over it and inside , which experts say reflect an attempt to take tissue off of the face and throat with a tool such as a knife . The cheek area reflects a "  sawing action " of a tool going back and forth , Owsley said . There are also sharp passages of a knife . At some point in the process , the head was removed , Owsley said . The damage done to these remains indicates that whoever inflicted it was not a skilled butcher , he said . "  Instead , what we see is hesitancy , trial , tentativeness and an absolute total lack of experience . " The shin bone that archaeologists recovered also appeared to have been chopped , but in a way that more resembles classic butchering techniques , Owsley said . "  The person doing this was clearly interested in , based on what would have been accepted cuisine in the 17th century , in cheek meat , muscles of the face -- that area -- and tongue , and also in terms of 17th century traditional cuts , would also include the brain , " he said . It is possible that more than one person was involved in this , given the disparity in butchering practices seen in the head compared to the shin bone . What we know about the colonists In the summer of 1609 , the settlers experienced two significant setbacks , said James Horn , vice president of research and historical interpretation at Colonial Williamsburg . The first was that a large fleet bringing supplies and settlers to Virginia was scattered . It had been carrying 500 settlers from Plymouth along with provisions . "  The fleet represented a new beginning for Jamestown , which had struggled over the previous two years , " Horn said . A hurricane scattered the ships a week before they were supposed to arrive . The flagship with the leaders of this pack ended up in Bermuda . Shakespeare 's play "  The Tempest " takes its inspiration from this event . Six ships reached Jamestown in August 1609 , with spoiled or depleted food , and many settlers in poor health . "  On one of those ships was Jane , " Horn said . At the same time , the relationship between the Jamestown colonists and the native Powhatan Indians had broken down . The existing settlers were already experiencing disease and a shortage of food , and the demands they made on the Powhatans strained their relations . That was the environment into which 300 additional settlers arrived at the James Fort . One of the leaders of the group , Captain John Smith -- the same one who was famously friends with Pocahontas -- returned to England in October 1609 because he was injured , Owsley said , leaving a leadership vacuum . In the fall , the Powhatans waged war against these colonists , and launched a siege against the fort . With no way to get food from the outside , the colonists resorted to eating horses , dogs , cats , rats , mice and snakes , Horn said , according to the accounts of George Percy , who was the president of Jamestown during this time . There are even accounts of people eating their shoes and any other leather that could be found . Anyone who left to try to scrounge for roots in the woods was killed by the Powhatans . Percy wrote , according to the Smithsonian , "  thatt notheinge was Spared to mainteyne Lyfe and to doe those things which seame incredible , as to digge upp deade corpes outt of graves and to eate them . And some have Licked upp the Bloode which hathe fallen from their weake fellowes . " In other words , cannibalism . It 's not clear how many deceased colonists were cannibalized . Only 60 of 300 of the original colonists survived , described as "  looking like skeletons , " Horn said . In May of 1610 , the settlers finally arrived who had been shipwrecked in Bermuda , effectively saving the colony . Lord Delaware brought even more colonists and enough provisions to last a year . There are still more pits at the fort to be excavated , and only 10 % of Jane 's body has been recovered , Owsley said . "  I think there 's going to be other examples , " Owsley said . "  Whether that will be found -- with archeology you never know what 's going to be under the next shovel . " A special exhibition will begin at the Smithsonian about Jamestown and Jane 's story on Friday . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Remains of 14-year-old girl "  Jane " found from 17th century Researchers say she was cannibalized , based on forensic analysis This supports the accounts that historians have that cannibalism was used for survival
La Junta , Colorado  CNN  -- That morning in March 1968 played out like a Hollywood movie : A secret CIA radar station on the top of a mountain in Laos , manned by a small group of Air Force airmen , is overrun by Vietnamese soldiers . One by one , Americans are killed until only four remain . As the sun peeks above the jungle , an American helicopter drops a rescue sling while hovering over the remaining airmen . Chief Master Sgt. Richard Etchberger loads the wounded Americans one by one into the chopper before climbing in himself . As the helicopter roars off , a stray bullet pierces it and hits Etchberger . The men he saved would make it home , but Etchberger would n't . He died on the floor of the chopper as it headed off to safety . Fade to black . Roll credits . Except that is where this story really begins for John Daniel . In his last memory of that day , Etchberger is alive and hoisting Daniel , who was shot in both legs , into the helicopter . Daniel passed out , and it was n't until he woke up at Udorn Air Base in Thailand that he learned that his friend Dick had died saving his life . Today , Etchberger posthumously received the Medal of Honor , the military 's highest award for bravery . His family accepted the award from President Obama at a White House ceremony . Daniel has struggled to make sense of the randomness of that day . "  It 's a matter of inches . It could have been anybody , or nobody , " he said . "  When a round comes through the bottom of a helicopter , it does n't know who it 's going to hit . " But it was Dick Etchberger and not John Daniel who died that day , and ever since , Daniel has wondered why fate spared him . "  It was a burden , " he explained . "  You say , ` Why me ? Why am I still alive ? The rest of them are dead , how did I manage to make it out alive ? ' "  You never know who is going or who is not going , but I know I would have gone if it had n't of been for Dick getting me onto that chopper . " Now 71 , Daniel has lived a good life . He stayed in the Air Force until 1979 , then spent a few years in the electronics business before opening a bar and doing some accounting . Now he is mostly retired . He was present at the White House on Tuesday when Obama gave the Medal of Honor to Etchberger 's family . He lives in a tidy home in small-town Colorado with his wife . He has three grown kids , 13 grandchildren and one great-grandchild . "  I have one grandchild to carry on my status . He 's in the Air Force , active duty , " he said . A framed photo of that grandson , Airman 1st Class Jerry W. Daniel , sits on a shelf in the living room alongside a painting depicting his grandfather being hoisted into the helicopter as Etchberger looks on : an artist 's rendering of his last memory of Etchberger . Daniel knows that if not for the bravery of Etchberger 42 years ago , it could easily be someone else sitting in this living room , living this life . "  I do n't know why me , but it is , " he said . "  And Dick 's presence is in my life every day . " He said he thinks back often to his last moments with Dick Etchberger . "  I said ` Dick , Dick , we 're not going to get out of here ! ' and he says , ' I know , say your last prayers , that 's all you can do . ' " Daniel 's prayers were answered that day in Laos . Today , he prays for the wisdom to make good on a debt he can never repay . "  It has to be that God is not done with me on the face of the earth yet . Thanks to Dick Etchberger , I 'm still alive to do something , " he said .	Richard Etchberger lost his life in 1968 saving fellow airmen , including John Daniel Etchberger was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor today for his bravery Daniel , 71 , has three grown kids , 13 , grandkids and a great-grandchild He says Etchberger 's "  presence is in my life every day "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The family of a woman who died ignored on an emergency room floor has reached a settlement with Health and Hospital Corp. , the family 's lawyer and the company 's top executive said Thursday . Surveillance video shows Esmin Green on the hospital floor for more than an hour before anyone helps her . The attorney , Sanford Rubenstein , said the settlement , reached Wednesday , is for $ 2 million . Alan Aviles , the president and CEO of Health and Hospital Corp. , said in a written statement that the company -- which operates Kings County Hospital , where Esmin Green , 49 , died last year -- takes full responsibility for her death and offers a "  full apology . " He said the settlement "  is not meant to put a value on a life and the loss of a loved one . That remains priceless . " Last July , Green 's relatives said they planned to file a $ 25 million lawsuit against the city and the hospital and called for criminal charges against hospital workers . A hospital security video showed that the mother of six waited in an emergency room chair for nearly 24 hours before she slid to the floor , where she convulsed for more than a half hour and then became still . An hour after she fell to the floor , the video showed , a hospital employee nudged Green with her foot and summoned help , but the 49-year-old woman was dead The New York Civil Liberties Union alleges that hospital records were falsified to say that Green was "  sitting quietly in the waiting room " at a time when , the video shows , she had been on the floor for 48 minutes and had not moved for more than 10 minutes . An autopsy revealed that Green died from pulmonary thromboembolism -- blood clots that formed in her legs and eventually made their way into her lungs , according to Ellen Borakove , the medical examiner 's spokeswoman . The clots came from deep vein thrombosis , which complicated Green 's chronic paranoid schizophrenia , she said .	Health and Hospital Corp. , operates hospital where Esmin Green died last year CEO Alan Aviles , takes full responsibility for her death and offers a "  full apology " Green died from pulmonary thromboembolism , says medical examiner The video appears to show hospital workers ignoring her lying on the floor
CNN  -- A Federal Trade Commission official announced that Twitter users will be able block personal data from being shared with third-party websites . The announcement came at an Internet privacy forum in New York , where FTC Chief Technology Officer Ed Felten announced the micro-blogging and social media service is participating in "  Do Not Track , " the Internet privacy feature launched last year by Mozilla for users of its Firefox web browser . "  Do Not Track " allows users to block third-party cookies , which are used to piece together Internet users ' personal information and online activity . To opt into the service on Twitter , users must select the "  Do Not Track " feature within the Firefox browser . Other top web browsers , including Apple 's Safari and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , have similar features . According to the FTC , "  Do Not Track " will not require the government to compile a list , unlike the "  Do Not Call Registry , " which allows consumers to opt out of receiving telemarketing calls . The FTC has not voted yet on whether to fully support "  Do Not Track . " Despite not officially supporting the feature , the FTC was pleased with Twitter 's decision . "  Twitter 's use of ` Do Not Track ' in its new feature is good news for Twitter users and a meaningful step toward broader adoption of a strong ` Do Not Track ' system that will give consumers simple , comprehensive control over online tracking , " said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz . "  Hopefully other companies will follow suit . " Twitter was quick to praise the FTC 's comments . "  We applaud the FTC 's leadership on ` Do Not Track , ' and are excited to provide the benefits of ` Do Not Track , ' " Robert Weeks , a Twitter spokesman , told CNN . The move comes at a pivotal time for Internet privacy rule-making . The Commerce Department and the White House have been working to determine what role federal regulations will play in protecting web users ' privacy . In February , White House and Commerce Department officials met with Internet industry leaders to discuss Washington 's role in protecting private data on the web . President Barack Obama said at the time , "  American consumers ca n't wait any longer for clear rules of the road that ensure their personal information is safe online . " Companies are increasingly facing scrutiny over how they protect personal information gathered online . Two companies feeling heat over their privacy policies have been Internet giants Facebook and Google . Facebook depends on advertising revenue generated from games and other third-party apps running on the site . User activity is tracked to help Facebook pick targeted advertisers for the users . Google 's business model is similar . Both companies have recently faced a groundswell of anger when they announced major changes to their privacy policies . Web privacy advocates , including some government officials in the United States and elsewhere , have repeatedly expressed unease with the sheer amount of data Facebook possesses about its users and how that data may be used . According to Mozilla , around 9 % of Firefox users opt in to "  Do Not Track . " The highest percentage of users turning on the feature live in the Netherlands , France and the United States .	FTC official : Twitter is participating in the "  Do Not Track " Internet privacy feature The move is a step in the right direction , says FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz The role of federal regulations in web privacy has been a focus of concern in Washington Facebook and Google depend heavily on third-party apps for their revenue
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea will launch additional attacks on South Korea if it continues "  reckless military provocation , " North Korean state media said Thursday . Meanwhile , South Korea said Thursday that it will strengthen and supplement its rules of engagement in the Yellow Sea , following Tuesday 's shelling by North Korea . Marine forces based in five islands near North Korea and the disputed Northern Limit Line also will be reinforced , a government spokesman said . The tense maritime border between the two Koreas has become the major military flash point on the peninsula in recent years . The announcement followed a meeting between President Lee Myung-bak and his economic and security ministers Thursday morning in Seoul . The meeting began with a moment of silence for the two South Korean marines and two civilians who died in Tuesday 's attack on Yeonpyeong Island in the Yellow Sea . The shelling also injured 15 South Korean soldiers and three civilians . The attack will lead to a plan being drafted to deal with civilian safety on the five islands in the Yellow Sea , the spokesman said . No details were immediately offered about the plan , but Lee on Wednesday ordered the strengthening of civilian shelters on the islands . The islands include Yeonpyeong and Baengnyeong , off which the South Korean warship Cheonan was sunk in March , killing 46 sailors . Seoul blamed Pyongyang for the torpedo attack , which the North has denied . The Lee administration also will continue to closely monitor capital markets and foreign exchange rates , prepared to take preventative measures as needed , the spokesman said . The shelling sent ripples through South Korea 's stock market , which has rebounded . South Korea 's economic and security ministries will cooperate closely , and the administration will publicize developments in real time to address major concerns and squelch rumors , the administration said . The attack on Yeonpyeong Island was the first direct artillery attack on South Korea since the Korean War ended in 1953 . The United States quickly offered support following Tuesday 's shelling , affirming that it would hold joint military drills with South Korea starting Sunday . The USS George Washington sailed toward volatile waters off the Korean peninsula Wednesday for the exercises in a show of force designed to deter a further escalation of hostilities with North Korea . The exercises were billed as defensive in nature and were a more measured response than the retaliation initially urged by South Korea after North Korea 's shelling of Yeonpyeong . "  It is a long-planned exercise , " said Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff . "  That said , it is meant to send a very strong signal of deterrence and also work with our very close allies in South Korea , " Mullen said on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " "  We 're very focused on restraint -- not letting this thing get out of control . The South Koreans so far have responded that way . Nobody wants this thing to turn into a conflict . " CNN 's Stan Grant contributed to this report .	N. Korea says "  reckless military provocation " will bring new attacks S. Korea says marine forces based in five islands will be reinforced The islands are near the North Korea maritime border
London , England  CNN  -- The law of the land could be fuel for growth -- at least that 's the hope of the Africa Justice Foundation , which launched earlier this month . The initiative was co-founded by leading barrister Cherie Blair , wife of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , with the aim of strengthening Africa 's legal systems to encourage growth and attract investment in the continent . Through the scheme African lawyers will be able to apply for a scholarship and work placement program . Learning materials and training are being offered to all professionals in the field , and the foundation is also running a number of community justice projects , such as creating an online case-law database in Rwanda . CNN 's Max Foster discussed the new initiative with Cherie Blair . CNN : Why did you become involved in the charity ? Cherie Blair : The thing I found when talking to governments , starting with the government of Rwanda , was that often people would bring things to them without actually asking them first what it is they actually wanted . For example , when I was talking to the government about it they were saying that actually a big gap in Rwanda is people who are trained legal draftsmen ; that 's people to actually draft the legislation . It may sound silly but it 's a very technical skill and if you do n't get proper laws drafted in the right way than there can be a lot of confusion . CNN : So would you say that a lot of government work is being held up in the legal process ? CB : When you think of what you need in a legal system in a country that is developing , obviously you need your basic criminal law , your basic law between citizens , but as an economy develops you also need a pretty vigorous and efficient commercial-law sector . Now , if you 've been in a country that has n't had much of that in the past and then you turn around and expect your judges and your administrators to know what to do clearly they are going to need training . CNN : Some concerns among Africans is that you 're dealing with some areas that do n't even have clean water -- should you not be investing in that instead of the legal system ? CB : Well I absolutely think you should be doing both . Absolutely , food , water and electricity are important but at the end of the day all of those issues involve legal problems as well , particularly things like contracts for electricity . If you do n't have a legal system that is there to administer that , if you do n't have a developing economy that can actually deliver the money that will pay for that then you 're not going to be able to feed as many people or provide as much clean water . CNN : As a big , prominent Western figure , what about the concern that you 're patronizing the local legal system by training , for example , Rwandan lawyers in Britain , rather than encouraging the Rwandan Law School ? CB : Well , of course , we are first of all working with the Rwandan Law School and it is why we are concentrating on this area of commercial law and particularly international law . We are not going in to teach Rwandan family law or indeed Rwandan criminal law . It is more to provide the particular technical expertise which Rwandans are perfectly capable of developing but they need to have some help . If we can train some key people then the idea is , whether it 's the law professors or the people in the ministry , the idea is that it will then cascade down . CNN : What shocks you most about the legal systems in Africa , sometimes ? CB : We need to see a lot more reform of the legal procedure to make it more responsive , to make it better at using technology , which can help . One of the projects we have in Rwanda , for example , is just to gather a proper database of all the laws in Rwanda which will then be open to the public . We have such databases here  in Britain  and to have something like that there so the law is accessible is important . For that you need investment first of all to gather the laws and then you need to make them available .	The Africa Justice Foundation was co-founded by Cherie Blair It hopes to train African lawyers in commercial law to help grow the continent 's economies One of the foundation 's first projects is to create an online database of Rwandan case law
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British filmmaker , screenwriter and playwright , Mike Leigh has been in the movie business for over 35 years . Leigh on screenwriting : "  I do n't make a conventional screenplay ... it 's a whole organic process . " In that time , he has been nominated for five Oscars , as well as winning the Best Director award at Cannes Film Festival for "  Naked " in 1993 , the Palme d'Or there for "  Secrets & Lies " in 1996 and the Leono d'Oro at Venice Film Festival in 2004 for "  Vera Drake . " Famous for his fierce independence  read refusal to work in Hollywood  , Leigh 's work is known for gritty realism and a focus on underprivileged sections of British society . Another of Leigh 's calling cards is an unconventional approach to screenwriting . "  The Screening Room " caught up with the veteran director at the International Screenwriters ' Festival in the UK earlier this year to ask him more about his approach to making films . The Screening Room : Why is this festival so important to you ? Mike Leigh : I am a filmmaker who is both a writer and director and I have this way of making films where the writing and the actors and the shooting is all combined together . I do n't make a conventional screenplay ... it 's a whole organic process . TSR : What do you think other scriptwriters can learn from you ? ML : I think screenwriters who , because of the politics and economics of the film industry , are forced to work in a much more conventional way , are always fascinated to discuss with me how I work . TSR : There is this romantic idea that screenwriting has to be a painful , solitary experience . That 's not what you experience , though . ML : No , I do n't sit in a room writing a script solo . My films are highly structured . Everything you see in my films is very precisely written , very thoroughly researched , but actually it is done through rehearsal , it 's done through improvisation and research . I work for six months with the actors before we shoot anything , then the shooting of the film is in itself then an operation of making the film as I go along in a way , although it 's very structured . It 's a very sophisticated thing . TSR : How did you first discover that this way the way you wanted to make your films ? ML : I trained as an actor , I did a lot of theatre work and , of course , the convention of actually rehearsing is much more prevalent in the theater , although actually what I do is n't really theater practice , it 's very film orientated in its nature but it came out of all of those kind of explorations and experiences in the 1960s . TSR : How important is the audition process for you ? ML : For me , casting is probably more important than it is for most people . If someone has written a conventional script then a range of actors could do that role . I find actors with whom I can collaborate to create characters , so I have to have actors that are brilliant , who are very intelligent and not all actors are very intelligent , who are versatile , who are character actors and not all actors are , that have a sense of humor , that have a sense of society and commitment , who are n't just narcissistic which a lot of actors are , and people who are patient and courageous . Working with me on these things is dangerous . TSR : When you work with actors do you give them over to the idea that they are shaping the story , or do you always know exactly what you want ? ML : I do n't always have a structure , and certainly there is no illusion involved . Also , I say to each actor when asking him or her to take part , you will only ever know what your character knows , so they never have an overview of the film . Their actual contribution is as an individual with a responsibility to their character , but my job is to tell the story . It 's a very healthy and harmonious division of labor , but certainly , there would be no point in doing it if I did n't set up conditions in which they can really explore and the thing can go in fantastically unpredictable directions . TSR : When you take a script to a producer , how much should you compromise to get the film made ? ML : I am the least qualified person in the world to answer that because I do n't do that in the first place . I mean , I go to backers with my producers and we say , "  I ca n't tell you anything about it . I have n't got the script . Give us the money and we will go away and make it . " And they either say ` yes , ' which happens just occasionally , or they say ` no ' which happens most of the time . So , I never have a situation where anybody interferes or where I have to compromise . But just in passing I would say that I have a rule about what one should do in the film business which is never compromise .	British filmmaker Mike Leigh shares his scripting style and secrets Mike Leigh has been in the movie business for over 35 years Leigh 's work is known for gritty realism and focus on underprivileged societies He is also renowned for his unconventional approach to screenwriting
CNN  Walter Cronkite had a golden rule for all wartime reporters : never self-aggrandize . Even though Cronkite had been the first reporter to fly over the beaches at Normandy on June 6 , 1944 , he minimized the experience . When asked decades later whether he had flown over Utah or Omaha Beach , Cronkite shrugged . "  I think it was Omaha , " he said . "  We did n't know about those names then , of course . All I knew was the beach . I did n't even know how extensive the landings were . " Such self-deprecating responses regarding his own WWII experiences became de rigueur for Cronkite . He gained credibility by dialing back his valor . Considered the "  Dean of the Allied Air War , " for going on U.S. bombing missions over Nazi Germany , Cronkite , a reporter for the United Press , insisted he was nothing more than a nervous-nelly fly-on-the-wall . Although Cronkite had once crash landed in a Dutch potato field under enemy fire , he chose instead to focus on celebrating the liberation of the Netherlands at the hands of the Free Dutch . "  They pelted us with tulips until our car was fender deep in them , " Cronkite recalled . "  Tulips are heavy flowers . In bundles they are dangerous . The only blood I spilled in the war was that day -- hit by a bunch of tulips tied together with a piece of wire . " Cronkite was Brian Williams 's all-seasons ' hero , and Williams was one of the heirs apparent to the Cronkite tradition . "  I was a Cronkite groupie by the age of 6 , " Williams once told me . " "  At our household , dinner was hinged on Walter 's saying ` And that 's the way it is . ' Only then could the meal get served . That was the mid-1960s , and I continued to travel with him from the age of polyester to the age of his ever-thickening sideburns and beyond . " Cronkite , however , retired from CBS News in 1981 , just as cable TV was beginning to blossom . For Williams to be the Cronkite of the Internet Age on NBC News , he had to be dramatic , not steady ; pithy , not "  aw shucks " ; au courant , not a throwback to the days of Lowell Thomas . Everybody trusted Cronkite because he reminded them of their favorite uncle or trusted family physician . Being square in the age of the Beatles made Cronkite retro cool . Williams , at his heart , is the broadcast news nerd extraordinaire -- everybody 's friendly neighborhood TV news anchorman writ large . At his worst he doubles as a multimedia showman , the class clown , eliciting laughs by lampooning his own nightly news straight-man act . What Williams has accomplished with this progressive strategy -- a postmodern approach to the patriarchal voice-of-God news anchor -- is to prove that he is n't a stuffed shirt , that he is self-deprecating like Cronkite . Media critics have lauded Williams ' two-act juggle : serious newsman and surprisingly funny clown . But what Williams failed to consider was that death -- in either war  Iraq  or national disaster  Katrina  -- should n't have a showman front and center . Ernest Hemingway learned from hunting that one should never milk death or drown it in a sea of verbiage . Being solemn always trumps being out in front in a battle zone . What 's important to know about Williams , why he deserves a second chance , is that he is a fine broadcast journalist . Like Cronkite after the Tet Offensive of 1968 , Williams gets on the airplane , travels to danger zones , ad-libs for hours on end seldom making a gaffe . As a TV journalist , he is a pro . When Williams brings himself into the narrative , however , when he goes on "  David Letterman " or "  The Daily Show " or babbles to Michael Eisner , the showman overruns the reporter . When you sit around a campfire telling ghost stories , you want the audience to lean forward  the slogan of MSNBC  , to be utterly captivated by every detail . The more embellishment the better . But Iraq and Katrina are all too real for that . I interviewed Williams about his New Orleans experiences for my book "  The Great Deluge . " His personal narrative was riveting . Give him credit for breaking a dozen news stories during those dark days in 2005 . Online allegations now rage that Williams fabricated what he saw and experienced in post-Katrina New Orleans . That is unfair to him . Everything was helter-skelter in the Gulf South , and Williams did a public service by trying to make sense of the post-hurricane situation . Williams did have a dysentery-like condition  if not textbook dysentery  , which he explained in an interview I did shortly after the Category 3 hurricane hit . "  I could n't keep anything down , " he said . "  That whole night was hazy . I could n't get clarity of mind . " Overall , his reporting of the post-Katrina events is credible . Nevertheless , Williams-as-showman very well may have embellished or conflated or compressed some of the on-the-ground , in-the-moment facts , but it 's silly now to nitpick whether the dead body he saw was on Canal Street or Claiborne Avenue . It is clear that Williams needs to apologize more profusely , to set the record straight once and for all -- but only once , and for good -- for his Iraq fabrication and to clarify details about his Katrina experience . He needs to stay off the comedy shows for a while and to stop talking about himself . There is an Japanese adage that the nail that stands the tallest gets hammered down . Williams ' hazing has made him right-sized . But enough is enough . The public needs hardworking newsmen like Williams as a matter of trust , of public good . If Cronkite were placed under the same digital media microscope , he 'd look smaller than we remembered . The public should n't lose faith in Williams as a journalist , but it is all right for us to shout loudly in his ears , "  It 's not about you ! " The superhighway of celebrity and showmanship is filled with debris . Tuesday night , NBC News decided to suspend Williams for six months without pay . That seems about right . Maybe Williams needed to be reminded of which role -- newsman or showman -- was most important , which ball to favor in his juggling act . It is a fact that Cronkite knew all too well : sometimes a little tuliping in a war zone goes farther than a tale of looking down the tube of an RPG .	Douglas Brinkley says Williams should have heeded Cronkite 's golden rule for war reporters : never self-aggrandize He says the newsman got tripped up when he tried to also be a showman
Washington  CNN  -- The insistence that former Sen. John Edwards serve some jail time over allegations he broke campaign finance laws caused a collapse in plea negotiations between lawyers for the former presidential candidate and the Justice Department last week . Edwards wanted to have as "  minimal " impact on his two younger kids as possible , a source with knowledge of the talks confirmed to CNN Sunday . Edwards has a 10-year-old son and a 12-year-old daughter . The Raleigh News and Observer , which first reported the story , said the Justice Department was insisting that Edwards serve six months in jail if he pleaded guilty . After initially saying Edwards had to agree to plead guilty to a felony in earlier discussions , CNN is told prosecutors last week offered for him instead to plead guilty to some misdemeanors . But the jail time was the breaking point . "  He did not want to have an extended period of time away from his kids , " said the source , who would not speak on the record because the details of the plea discussions have not been made public . After the breakdown in negotiations , a grand jury indicted Edwards , a former Democratic vice presidential nominee , on six felony counts . In court on Friday , Edwards pleaded not guilty . "  I will regret for the rest of my life the pain and the harm that I 've caused to others . But I did not break the law . And I never , ever thought I was breaking the law , " he told reporters outside the federal courthouse in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . The News and Observer also reported that Edwards ' lawyers were not confident they would be allowed to urge a judge to consider alternatives for incarceration such as a halfway house , weekend passes or home arrest in order to give him more time with his children . After the death of his wife , Elizabeth , Edwards is the primary caregiver for the two younger children .	John Edwards insisted on "  minimal " impact on his youngest kids , source says Justice Department wanted six months ' jail time , newspaper reports Ex-candidate indicted on charges of breaking campaign finance laws
CNN  -- A Buffalo , New York-area man accused of beheading his estranged wife made his first appearance in court Wednesday to face murder charges , according to the district attorney . Muzzammil Hassan has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of his wife , Aasiya Zubair Hassan . Muzzammil Hassan , 44 , is charged with second-degree murder in the death of his 37-year-old wife , Aasiya Zubair Hassan , days after she filed for divorce and was granted a restraining order against him . In court Wednesday , Hassan waived his right to a felony hearing , according to Erie County District Attorney Frank Sedita III . The case will go before a grand jury in the next 45 days . In the meantime , Hassan will be jailed without bond . If convicted , he faces a sentence of 15 years to life , WKBW reported , citing prosecutors . Muzzammil Hassan went to the police station in the Buffalo suburb of Orchard Park on Thursday and told officers that his wife was dead , authorities have said . He also led them to her body at the offices of Bridges TV . The couple began the network in 2004 to counter negative Muslim stereotypes ; Muzzammil Hassan is its chief executive officer , and Aasiya Hassan was general manager . Aasiya Hassan filed for divorce February 6 , police said , and Muzzammil Hassan was served with divorce papers at the station . That night , he showed up at the couple 's home , she notified authorities , and he was served with a restraining order . Police had responded to several domestic violence calls at the couple 's address , but no one was arrested , Orchard Park Police Chief Andrew Benz said Tuesday . However , two women claiming to be Aasiya Hassan 's sisters -- one in Pakistan and one in South Africa -- told reporters and posted in a blog that she lived in fear of him . Bridges TV released a statement Monday saying its staff members were "  deeply shocked and saddened by the murder of Aasiya Hassan and the subsequent arrest of Muzzammil Hassan . Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim . "	Muzzammil Hassan , accused of beheading wife , waived right to felony hearing Hassan , founder of Bridges TV , charged with second-degree murder Hassan will be jailed without bail while case goes to grand jury If convicted , he faces a sentence of 15 years to life
CNN  From leading the fight against colonial rule in Africa to triumphing in major sporting events , Ghanaians have a lot to feel proud of their country . This is after all one of Africa 's major economic powerhouses and a country with a rich history that is consistently held up as a successful example of democracy in the continent . Despite its relatively small size and population , Ghana boasts today one of Africa 's fastest-growing economies , driven mainly by its substantial natural riches and strong agricultural production . Previously known as the Gold Coast  because of the vast quantities of the precious metal found there  , Ghana gained its independence from Great Britain in 1957 , becoming the first sub-Saharan nation to break the chains of colonialism . Since then , it has navigated stormy periods of army rule and political uncertainty to emerge in recent decades as a vibrant democracy that has enjoyed several peaceful transitions of power . Over the last six years , Ghana 's economy has grown each year by an average of 6 % , hitting a record-breaking 15 % in 2011 . Growth declined in the following years , but in 2015 economists expect the country to post strong growth of around 8 % . Unsurprisingly , the west African country has traditionally relied heavily on exporting precious metals and minerals , including aluminum , diamonds and , of course , gold -- Ghana is the continent 's biggest gold producer , following South Africa . Another economic driver and big source of income is oil . Since he the discovery of the Jubilee field off the coast of Ghana in 2007 , there have been 23 new oil and gas finds . In 2012 , oil earned the country $ 3 billion , while reserves are estimated at around 2 billion barrels . Besides oil and gold , agriculture is a major pillar of Ghana 's economy . The sector makes up around 20 % of the country 's GDP but , more importantly , provides employment for more than 60 % of its total workforce . At the heart of this is cocoa . Ghana is the world 's second-largest producer , following the Ivory Coast , with the commodity being the country 's third export product , below oil and gold . Yet , lately the Ghanaian government has stepped up its efforts to diversify the economy , pushing for more vegetable production to help boost growth . Last year , the country exported more than 42,000 tonnes of vegetables , up nearly four times compared to 2009 . Currently , the vegetable industry pumps almost $ 3 million into the country annually , but with continued investment in local farms and crops that figure is expected to jump to more than $ 25 million each year . QUICK FACTS Official name : Republic of Ghana Form of government : Unitary multiparty republic with one legislative house Capital : Accra Freedom House status : Free Reporters Without Borders Press Freedom Index : 27 More from Africa View Read this : Tropical paradise with booming economy	Ghana 's economy has traditionally relied on gold and cocoa In 2007 , major oil discoveries raised economic expectations Lately , the government has been pushing for more vegetable production to help boost growth
CNN  -- Praise the Internet and pass the ammunition : the blogosphere is roiling with conspiracy theories over a Social Security Administration shopping list for 174,000 hollow-point bullets . Depending on whom you believe , police who protect Social Security Administration officers are either preparing for impending financial doom by purchasing lethal ammo to put down rioting citizens , or they 're just making a standard purchase of ammunition for a federal police agency . It all began last month when the agency , which is primarily responsible for distributing benefits to the disabled and retired people , posted an announcement seeking bids for 174,000 hollow-point bullets . Why ? cried some bloggers . Infowars , a website operated by right-wing talk show host Alex Jones , wanted to know if the agency was preparing for "  civil unrest . " "  Social Security welfare is estimated to keep around 40 per cent of senior citizens out of poverty . Should the tap run dry in the aftermath of an economic collapse which the Federal Reserve has already told top banks to prepare for , domestic disorder could ensue if people are refused their benefits , " it said in a post . Each bullet potentially "  represents a dead American , " wrote retired Maj. Gen. Jerry Curry , an Army vet . "  If so , why would the U.S. government want the SSA to kill 174,000 of our citizens , even during a time of civil unrest ? " Curry wrote on the conservative website The Daily Caller , founded by commentator Tucker Carlson . Conspiracy theorists had previously speculated that a purchase of hollow-point bullets by the Department of Homeland Security was similarly meant to quell impending riots . A few years ago , theorists similarly questioned why the Federal Emergency Management Agency was stockpiling body bags and other supplies , suggesting the agency was preparing for civil collapse . In the face of the furor , the Social Security Administration 's public affairs shop -- which spends most of its time issuing releases about speeding disability decisions or looking up benefits information -- issued a statement explaining that its 295 agents need the bullets for target practice and to protect the agency 's 66 offices across the nation . "  These investigators have full law enforcement authority , including executing search warrants and making arrests , " the agency said in an August post . "  Our investigators are similar to your state or local police officers . They use traditional investigative techniques , and they are armed when on official duty . " Hollow point bullets are standard-issue items for many police agencies , the Social Security Administration said . The bullets expand when they hit a target and can help prevent injuries to bystanders from bullets passing through a body , according to police . Investigators "  use this ammunition during their mandatory quarterly firearms qualifications and other training sessions , to ensure agent and public safety , " the administration added . This is just the latest in a long history of uniquely American anti-government conspiracy theories , said Kathryn Olmsted , a University of California at Davis history professor and author of "  Real Enemies : Conspiracy Theories in American Democracy . " That another one would surface in the midst of a contentious election cycle and continued unease over the nation 's financial future is not all that surprising , Olmsted said Tuesday . But this one , she said , seems particularly tenuous . "  It strikes me as one of the more extreme conspiracy theories , " Olmsted said . "  I 'm surprised it has any traction . " Yet it does . "  You do n't use hollow point bullets for target practice , " one Twitter user posted Tuesday . "  Sorry we 're not buying it social security agency . #youarefullofit . " By the numbers : Social Security	Some question the Social Security Administration 's recent bid request for 174,000 hollow-point bullets Bloggers say the agency 's police force is preparing for financial collapse and civil unrest The agency characterizes the order as routine and says special agents need them "  These investigators have full law enforcement authority , " the agency says
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- A volcano in southwest Colombia erupted again Friday morning , raining ash on nearby residents and agricultural fields . The Galeras volcano , erupting here in January 2008 , is considered the most active volcano in Colombia . None of the 8,000 residents who live near the Galeras volcano was reported injured , officials said . It is the second time in less than a week that the volcano has erupted . The government 's Geological and Mining Institute raised the alert level from yellow to red , and officials opened eight shelters for displaced residents . Authorities ordered the 8,000 people who live near the volcano to evacuate . The city of Pasto , which has about 35,000 residents and is more than 12 miles  about 20 kilometers  from the volcano 's crater , received a heavy downpour of ashes Friday . The volcano , near Colombia 's border with Ecuador , previously erupted Saturday . It has erupted several times since it became active again in 1989 . The only fatalities were in 1993 , when nine people -- all scientists or tourists in or near the volcano 's crater -- were killed . The volcano 's crater is 14,029 feet  4,276 meters  above sea level in the Andes Mountains . It is considered the most active volcano in Colombia . Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	Authorities order evacuation of 8,000 people who live near Galeras volcano No injuries reported ; volcano erupts for second time in less than a week Nearby city of Pasto receives downpour of ashes
CNN  -- We 've all been there : your plane ? Delayed . The taxi driver ? Borderline deadly . Your language skills ? Severely lacking . Your trip is just beginning , and you 're ready to hoof it back home . Then you arrive at your hotel : You reach for your suitcase to find that it 's making its way through gilded doors in the hands of a dapper bellman . You follow inside and immediately inhabit a more peaceful world . In the case of the Four Seasons in Florence , a series of 15th-century bas-reliefs by Flemish artist Jan van der Straet encircles you . It might look like a polished museum , but you 're in the hotel 's lobby , a place where celebrations are held , aperitifs served and new guests welcomed with cocktails and room keys . While often unsung , a hotel lobby has a very important role . It 's the property 's gateway , responsible for a first impression that can last a lifetime . Which is not to say that any two great lobbies are alike . They can be as distinct as a hotel 's location . Executive travel : America 's best small towns In fact , many of the best hotel lobbies reflect that sense of place . Take the Amanpuri , Aman 's signature property on Phuket Island , where the makha-wood lobby with pitched roofs was modeled after an Ayutthaya period temple . Across the world at the new $ 250 million Mukul Resort & Spa in Nicaragua , the check-in desk is crowned with an oval palapa and chandelier made of 152 baskets woven by locals . Stellar views can also anchor an inspiring space . The Southern Ocean Lodge on Kangaroo Island in South Australia welcomes you with an oversize kangaroo sculpture  crafted from recycled metal  and panoramic Southern Ocean scenery . At the brand-new Oberoi , Dubai , a towering 252-room hotel , the iconic Burj Khalifa , currently the world 's tallest building , is framed by two-story windows . No matter the view or design , though , the best entryways appeal to our five senses and withstand the test of time . "  Hotel lobbies have seen many new trends over the last few years , from a private living room concept to a front desk free space , " says Rome-based tour operator Uri Harash , founder of Perfetto Traveler . "  Still , the hotels that nail that first impression have a host of similar qualities -- they 're sharp , beautiful , welcoming and unique . " Singita Sasakwa Lodge , Singita Grumeti , Tanzania While the Edwardian-style safari lodge 's antique English furnishings and zebra-hide rugs are striking , it 's the view at the end of its lobby that makes you feel like the Lion King . French doors open to a manicured lawn that then links , almost like an infinity pool , to the golden Serengeti beyond . Even safari experts are impressed : "  The entryway to this property is one of the most memorable welcomes of any lodge in East Africa , " says Dennis Pinto , managing director of luxury tour operator Micato Safaris . "  The combination of colonial opulence paired with the views towards Tanzania 's untamed plains is truly exceptional . " St. Regis Lhasa , Tibet Thanks to the hotel 's vantage point at 21,000 feet  it 's the highest St. Regis in the world  , the third-floor lobby looks out on the hilltop Potala Palace , the former residence of the 14th Dalai Lama . The property is also modeled after the nearby Sera Monastery , giving it "  an immediate Tibetan sense of place , " notes Guy Rubin of tour operator Imperial Tours , based in Beijing . Red lacquer columns and wooden statues of monks in prayer by a local artist help frame the view ; a central table topped with religious and artisan works -- prayer beads , a Buddha bust and urns -- also graces the serene space . Executive Travel : World 's most outrageous yacht travel Amanpuri , Phuket , Thailand Travelers are welcomed to Aman 's flagship property with cold towels and refreshing lemongrass-ginger tea before entering the soaring lobby , modeled after an Ayutthaya-era temple by the resort 's architect , Ed Tuttle . Golden walls are crafted from local makha wood while open-air spaces overlook a deep blue pool , towering royal palms and , in the distance , the Andaman Sea . It 's a serene introduction to the property , where 40 guest pavilions  opt for Nos. 103 and 105 for water views  and a clutch of two-bedroom villas dot 100 tropical acres . The Oberoi , Dubai , United Arab Emirates The latest property from Indian hotel family Oberoi , a 252-room tower in Dubai that opened in June 2013 , overlooks the iconic Burj Khalifa , currently the world 's tallest building , from its radiant lobby . Here , original works by Indian artist Mrinmoy Barua adorn the walls , 41-foot gold chandeliers descend through marble floors into a downstairs banquet and the international elite gathers for cocktails -- the Cuatro Meses Mojito made with Añejo gold rum is one staff favorite -- and Cuban cigars . Sophistication continues throughout the property , where rooms , starting at 560 square feet , have deep soaking tubs , hand-tufted rugs and downtown city views . Tierra Patagonia , Chile Interior architects Alexandra Edwards and Carolina diPlano aimed to bring the outside in at the Tierra Patagonia . To that end its lobby , which shares a sprawling open layout with a lounge and bar , has panoramic views of Torres del Paine Park and Lake Sarmiento . Floor-to-ceiling windows are made of a double-paned glass , so even when landscapes whip wildly outdoors , guests stay cozy in low-slung furnishings around a 360-degree fireplace . Try a glass of carmenere wine made from Chile 's namesake grape . Executive travel : Most outrageous hotel concierge requests Mukul Resort & Spa , Rivas , Nicaragua In addition to 37 plush suites and villas , 1,670 jungle acres and an 18-hole golf course , the new $ 38 million Mukul Resort & Spa in Nicaragua has a lobby worth bragging about . It 's topped with an oval palapa , crafted by 15 people over the course of a month , as well as a chandelier dreamed up by interior designer Paul Duesing : The artful piece made up of 152 baskets was created by local artisans . Southern Ocean Lodge , Kangaroo Island , Australia Sunshine the Boomer Roo , a giant sculpture crafted from discarded farm machinery by local artist Indiana James , greets guests as they enter the open lobby at this Kangaroo Island resort . He might momentarily steal attention from the understated furnishings , a collection of exquisitely fashioned pieces by Khai Liew , but he can do little to compete with the scenery . The resort sits on a cliff , affording it uninterrupted views of the Southern Ocean from panoramic windows . Aria Hotel , Las Vegas While the City of Sin is full of impressive lobbies -- at the artful Cosmopolitan and glittering Wynn , among others -- the Aria entryway in Las Vegas ' $ 8.5 billion CityCenter campus deserves a shout-out for its sophistication and dedication to sustainability . Its crowning feature is the 87-foot-long , 3,700-pound sculpture of the Colorado River , located behind the check-in desk . Made of reclaimed silver by artist Maya Lin  best known for the Vietnam War Memorial in Washington , D.C.  , the sculpture quietly draws attention to the hotel 's commitment to environmentalism . Other design elements -- abundant natural light and live flowers and trees -- are also green minded . Aviator Hotel , Hampshire , United Kingdom TAG Group was the money behind this 2008 hotel , build with aviation-inspired architecture in mind  air travel and motorsports are among the company 's subsidiaries  . Its curving walls continue from the exterior inside where a stark white stairwell -- often compared to New York 's Guggenheim -- greets guests . Sleek design carries on throughout a central , light-filled rotunda with chocolate plaster walls and taupe stone floors . Black American walnut elevators zip up and down four floors , and a glass-enclosed fireplace offers views into the hotel 's posh Brasserie . Executive Travel : Best get-fit retreats around the United States Four Seasons Florence You 'll feel like you 're walking into a polished museum when entering the Four Seasons in Florence , a 15th-century palace and 16th-century villa on 11 acres that opened its doors in 2008 after a painstaking seven-year renovation . Notable families during the Renaissance often embraced public displays of wealth , and to that end the hotel 's lobby greets travelers with a series of fine bas-reliefs depicting mythological and classical scenes , created by Flemish Mannerist artist Jan van der Straet beginning in 1555 . Ace New York , New York City Everyone in New York wishes the Ace Hotel lobby was their own personal living room , which is why you 'll spot journalists armed with iPads at slate-topped tables mingling with hip execs meeting over cappuccinos in plaid armchairs . The lobby bar , a 10-by-25-foot space , was reclaimed from a Park Avenue apartment ; the twin staircase is covered in a graffiti mural by artist Michael Anderson . Be sure to make a reservation in the neighboring Breslin restaurant for chef April Bloomfield 's juicy lamb burger . Mandarin Oriental Tokyo This lobby is all about its 38th-floor vantage point , which affords the sky-high space with a 360-degree lookout over the Tokyo skyline . From the lobby 's west side , the Imperial Palace and Mount Fuji , now on UNESCO 's World Heritage List , rises in the distance ; to the east , guests will spot the Tokyo Skytree -- the world 's tallest broadcasting tower -- as well as the Sumida River . The opulent lobby also has an intimate sushi bar and the eight-seat Tapas Molecular Bar , where a 20-course tasting menu is served . InterContinental Miami This waterfront hotel in downtown Miami already had a lobby that centered on art -- 30 years ago , Henry Moore 's Spindle sculpture was brought in by helicopter before brick and mortar was built around it -- and now the hotel is fresh from a $ 30 million , tech-savvy renovation . Lounge pods , each with a touch-screen coffee table  known as a digital concierge in IC speak  where guests can order drinks and read up on local nightlife , dot the lobby . An expansive video wall , with a live feed of downtown Miami , also lights up the background . © 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The St. Regis Lhasa , in Tibet , has a vantage point at 21,000 feet Mandarin Oriental Tokyo 's lobby offers a 360-degree lookout over the Tokyo skyline Aria Hotel in Las Vegas features an 87-foot-long sculpture of the Colorado River by Maya Lin
Washington  CNN  -- Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington closed its doors Saturday , completing the military hospital 's merger with the Bethesda National Naval Medical Center . The event was marked with a flag-lowering ceremony , which followed the transfer of Walter Reed 's 18 remaining patients to the combined medical center 's Bethesda , Maryland , campus . The official closing was conducted a day earlier than originally planned in order to avoid the worst of Hurricane Irene , but the ceremony was still marked by grey skies , heavy rain and strong winds . This somber weather caused Lt. Gen. Eric Schoomaker , the Army surgeon general , to remark in his closing speech , "  clearly the heavens are struggling with the finality of this too . " Despite the weather , a sizeable crowd of Walter Reed staff and military personnel attended the outdoor ceremony with their families . For many of them , the closure of the Walter Reed facility marks the end of an era . The hospital center has been in operation for more than a century and has provided medical care to many of the nation 's wounded soldiers . It has also served as a leading center for medical research . The new combined facility , known as the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , is now the country 's largest military medical center . It will be run jointly by the Army and the Navy .	Military hospital lowers its flag Walter Reed completes merger with center in Maryland
CNN  -- The FBI is investigating the mysterious death of a 64-year-old woman aboard a Royal Caribbean cruise ship . The woman , whose name was not released , was from Midlothian , Virginia . She was found dead by her husband in their cabin Sunday , the cruise line said . "  As is our standard procedure , both the FBI and local law enforcement were notified , " Royal Caribbean said . The couple was traveling on the Enchantment of the Seas ship , which was on a seven-day voyage from Baltimore to Florida and the Bahamas . The FBI met the ship when it arrived back in Baltimore on Monday . "  We look at any kind of suspicious death on the high seas , " said Special Agent Richard Wolf , spokesman for the FBI 's Baltimore field office . He would not specify what made the death suspicious . Wolf said the woman 's autopsy has been completed , but authorities are waiting for results from toxicology tests before a cause of death is determined . Carnival to make fleetwide changes after series of mechanical problems CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	The 64-year-old woman 's husband found her dead in their cabin The FBI describes the death as "  suspicious " but does not detail why Authorities are waiting for the results of toxicology tests
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- The political arm of Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood has announced plans to run one of its leaders in the country 's presidential elections in May , reversing an earlier pledge to stay out of the race . The once-banned Islamist movement will be represented by Khairat al-Shater , a longtime financial backer , the Brotherhood announced over the weekend . Al-Shater has resigned from his post as deputy chairman to join the already crowded field of presidential candidates , group said . The jail terms he served under ex-Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak had been an obstacle that would have kept him off the ballot . But the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which took power after the 2011 uprising that toppled Mubarak , pardoned him Sunday , his lawyer , Abdel Moneim Abdel Maqsood , told CNN . The Muslim Brotherhood has pledged repeatedly that it would not field a presidential candidate . But candidates from its political arm , the Freedom and Justice party , won the largest share of seats in Egypt 's parliamentary elections in December . And Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie said Saturday the new Egypt "  is under a serious threat " because its current , military-led government "  has failed to represent the will of the people . " More than 450 people have already registered or announced plans to seek the presidency . Among them are former Arab League Secretary-General Amr Moussa -- who served as Mubarak 's foreign minister -- and Ayman Nour , an opposition leader jailed by Mubarak and recently pardoned as well . The field also includes other Islamist presidential hopefuls , including the ultra-conservative Salafist candidate Hazem Abu Ismael and former Muslim Brotherhood member Abdel Moneim Abou El Fettouh , who broke with the Muslim Brotherhood over what he called its authoritarian style . Al-Shater is a furniture and textile magnate who has led the Brotherhood 's business association . Though considered a conservative , he is also credited with being the driving force behind the Brotherhood 's affirmation that Egypt should continue to honor its international agreements -- including its peace treaty with Israel . Liberals and secularists who led the uprising against Mubarak fear that a victory in the presidential elections , the first round of which begins May 23 , may lead the Brotherhood to impose a fundamentalist Islamic agenda on Egypt . "  Their stance continues to change as they strengthen their political position , " socialist activist Sherif Maher said . "  They were patient after Mubarak fell and announced that they would not seek more than 20 % of the seats in parliament . The number went up to 30 , and now they have won more than half of the constituent assembly . " But Rami Shaath , a founding member of the Egyptian Revolutionary Alliance , said al-Shater 's entry into the race may be a bid to make an example of Aboul Fettouh , "  who had defected against their will . " "  Aboul Fettouh is championed by the revolutionaries and not favored by the military , " Shaath said . "  They also want to make a point to the youth of the Brotherhood that abandoning the group may cripple one 's ambition . " In March , the Muslim Brotherhood blasted the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces for holding onto power despite the parliamentary elections and questioning whether the generals would try to rig the presidential vote . In a rare and charged public response , the generals hit back against what they called a "  baseless slander " and an "  unacceptable " challenge to the legitimacy of elections . Al-Shater is a 61-year-old civil engineer who became a millionaire businessman . He has been involved with Islamist groups since the late 1960s , according to his official biography , and was jailed for five years by a military court during a crackdown on Islamist movements in the mid-1990s . In 2007 , he was charged with providing funds and weapons to college students and imprisoned again . He was still behind bars when the regime fell in February 2011 , and the military junta that took power from Mubarak released him for medical reasons a month later . Before Sunday 's pardon , that record could have disqualified him from the race . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Khairat al-Shater will be the Muslim Brotherhood 's candidate for president in May Al-Shater is a businessman who served two prison terms in the Mubarak era A pardon by Egypt 's ruling military clears the way for his run The Brotherhood 's political arm led parliamentary elections in December
CNN  -- Chris Pavlak stands behind the coffee bar at a car dealership in Roswell , Georgia , ready to whip up specialty lattes for waiting customers . As a 21-year-old college sophomore , working as a barista at Café Blends is his first job . "  It 's a nice environment and everything , and the other employees are pretty nice too , " he says . Pinned to his black apron is a blue puzzle piece , a symbol representing autism awareness . It 's also a symbol of the café 's mission -- "  blending autism into the workplace . " Pavlak and his two co-workers are all young adults on the autism spectrum . The café began when Nalley Lexus Roswell general manager Chris Dastou heard about a similar program at a company meeting . "  I decided it was definitely something I was interested in , " he says . "  Giving them a chance to work and to have an opportunity to grow as a person . " His team partnered with Nobis Works , a nonprofit organization that provides job training and placement for people with barriers to employment , to launch the café at the Roswell dealership . Since its opening in December , the response from both employees and customers has been encouraging , Dastou says . Karen Carlisle , vice president of corporate communications and development at Nobis Works , says it is common to hear such positive feedback from employers . "  They say , ` These are the best employees I have because they want to work . ' They come in on time . They do n't call in sick , and they have such a positive attitude that it 's contagious to other employees , " she says . Mike Pavlak , Chris Pavlak 's father , says his son has always had a positive attitude , but expressing it has not always been easy for him . "  His problems have largely been social and social interactions . He still kind of struggles with that . He 's shy , especially initially , " he says . He admits being nervous when his son first took the customer service position but says the improvement he has seen in his son 's communication skills since then has been remarkable . "  Within two to three weeks he was back there dancing behind the counters , " he says . "  I know it 's easy to brag because he 's my kid , but what he 's accomplished is just awesome . " With an emphasis on early detection and treatment , much of autism research and support focuses on children , but Café Blends is just one of a number of new programs aimed at serving the needs of young adults . "  I think ten years ago it was all about children , but now those children are growing up , and there has been a real recognition that autism is a lifespan disorder , " says Alison Singer , president of the Autism Science Foundation . Whatever a person 's age or abilities , Singer says autism should never be viewed as a barrier to self-fulfillment . "  It 's just a matter of making opportunities , " she says . "  We have people with very strong skills who can have very productive careers . Some might not be able to , but that 's also OK . We can still find productive ways for them to contribute to society . " For Mike Pavlak , the opportunity his son found at Café Blends has encouraged him to think more broadly about his future . "  I think my hopes now are the same thing that Chris wants . I 'd like to see him finish his degree . I would like to see him continue work . I would like to see him get out , get an apartment , get a home , do something on his own , " he says . "  It 's gone from a hope to an expectation . " Chris Pavlak recognizes that autism is a reality for him , but he refuses to see it as a limitation . "  I know that you can overcome it , " he says . "  As you can see , I have this job and am mostly doing it like any normal person would . So we can be just like anyone else . " And like anyone else , he sees his first job not as a destination , but as a beginning . "  It 's something I wanted to do to make my own way in the world eventually . Just one of those steps to doing that , I suppose . "	Chris Pavlak is one of three young adults on the autism spectrum working at cafe His father has seen a remarkable improvement in his son 's social skills Café Blends program targets the needs of young adults with autism
CNN  -- At 16 , my innocence was shattered when two gunmen murdered 13 people at my school and wounded countless others . Columbine High School promised to be a safe and secure place of learning . And that promise was broken on April 20 , 1999 . On that morning , I headed to school worried about my 10th grade math test and my upcoming track meet . Useless worries : The test was never given and we never held the meet . Scars remain from that day that no one can see . Scars that made my worries about math tests or track performance pale in comparison to whether my science partner would live or whether my classmate 's speech would be impaired by the shrapnel lodged in his skull . Today , those mental scars throb in large crowds and force me to scan the room for exits . They make my heart beat faster when I hear the blades of a helicopter overhead . Now , as a teacher in my eighth year in the classroom , I consider every day that I go to work a privilege . I cherish my students ' joy and enthusiasm , and most importantly , their innocence . I believe that it is our job , as a society , to protect these virtues in our young people . I want them to be worried about math tests and track meets and about science fairs and student council elections -- the kind of normal school stuff that builds character . But our epidemic of gun violence is creating a culture of fear in our schools , where students are anxious about safety and intruders . These are worries no student should have . This becomes even more apparent when we conduct our monthly emergency drill at our school . It 's a way to be prepared for the worst , so we practice lockdowns , fire drills and evacuations . The other day , I was explaining to my third graders that we were going to practice a lockdown just in case a bear happened to be on the playground -- a real scenario for our Colorado school . I have used this example my entire teaching career because it 's an easy and nonthreatening reason to practice a lockdown . One girl raised her hand and asked : "  Is this what we would do if a bad guy came with a gun to hurt us ? " I felt kicked in the stomach when I heard this question . A bear is no longer the worst thing for students to anticipate : They fear what is happening across our nation . It is a shame that my students must learn these drills at such a young age -- a shame they must learn them at all . I thought to myself , "  This is a result of the Columbine shootings , along with so many other acts of violence . This is my reality , and now it is theirs too . " It is a sad reality , but we are not helpless . I teach at a wonderful school , which has done everything within its resources to keep our students safe . But it is not enough . If there were a simple solution , then this epidemic of violence would have ended . The solution is complex , multifaceted -- and achievable . I believe a comprehensive approach can help ensure a safe learning environment . â $ cents Our children deserve more mental health resources to identify , treat and follow up with people who need help . â $ cents Our children deserve enhanced school security : This includes identifying who is in the school and sensible steps to keep the building secure -- without bringing guns into the place of learning or turning it into a fortress . â $ cents Our children deserve common sense gun legislation : I believe this should include a ban on high-capacity magazine clips . And at the very least , it should include comprehensive and enforceable background checks to help keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people . Unfortunately , our Congress refused to take this common sense step and turned this legislation down . The shooters at my school obtained their guns illegally , through private sales and straw purchases . Today they could easily go online and buy those same weapons without a background check . What is to stop the next person who chooses from doing just that ? We can do better . I think I can speak for all of us that the murders at Columbine High School , the Aurora movie theater , Sandy Hook Elementary , and so many others shocked us to our core and created lasting feelings of sadness . But we ca n't let these events create feelings of vulnerability . We have the power to work together to create a safer world for our students . Learn from my experience -- do not wait until you experience violence first hand to realize that we need to take action . We need to take action now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Katie Lyles .	Former Columbine student Katie Lyles bears hidden scars from the day of the massacre Lyles , who is a teacher , says Columbine students lost their innocence that day It was a shock when her student asked if lockdown drills were for when a gunman came Lyles : Our kids deserve more mental health resources , enhanced security without guns
CNN  -- The build-up to the 2014 Winter Olympics has been blighted by concerns for safety but tennis star and Games Ambassador Maria Sharapova is convinced there is nothing to worry about . Be it fears for security during the 18-day-long event or doubts about how gay people will be treated , there has been a sense of uneasiness surrounding those heading to Sochi . Recent months have seen bombings in Volgograd and reports of suicide bombers dubbed "  black widows " readying themselves for operation during the Games , which run from February 6-23 . Meanwhile the host nation 's government banned what it defined as "  gay propaganda " in 2013 -- a move that many believe effectively stops the freedom of gay rights protests in Russia . Despite all of this , Sharapova , who moved to Sochi at the age of two and went on to spend much of her childhood there , is expecting the Olympics to be a success . "  Once I arrived here , I knew that all the athletes will feel extremely safe , " the 26-year-old told CNN in Sochi . "  I certainly had my doubts before , because I 've been reading a lot about the city itself . Over the last few months I 've been reading a lot of the media and watching television , but now I 've seen how everything has come together . " Despite her worries prior to returning to Sochi , the four-time grand slam winner has stressed that anybody attending the Games , including the athletes themselves , has no reason to be concerned . "  The security has been tough but in a very safe way and in a safe manner , " she said . Sharapova is an Olympian herself , having represented Russia in the Olympics Games two years ago , when she won a silver medal in the women 's singles . The world No. 5 experienced first hand the hard work that went into making London 2012 a success , and sees no reason why that can not be replicated in Sochi . "  As an athlete , security is really important . I experienced it in the Summer Games and really appreciated it . I think it 's extremely important and we all expect that kind of safety , " she said , before turning her thoughts to the preparations . "  For many years we were hearing whether everything would be ready or not : whether the the rail stations would be ready , how were the athletes going to go up to the mountains from the Olympic Park . "  All those questions raised a lot of concerns , but once I got here I realized that everything would be alright . " Sharapova explained that watching the Olympics was a far bigger childhood memory for her than viewing any grand slam tennis competition , and revealed that figure skating and ice hockey were the sports she was most looking forward to following . She is similarly excited about the transition of her former home city . "  Many things have changed in the last 20 years or so , " she said . "  It has been such an incredible turnaround since winning the  right to host the  Olympics . I am so happy that everyone has a chance to come here and visit the true meaning of the city - because at its core , it 's a very beautiful city that is so full of nature . "  It 's such a unique opportunity to be able to swim in the Black Sea and then drive an hour up to the mountains to ski -- that 's the type of experience we want to share with everyone that comes here . "	Maria Sharapova is confident the 2014 Winter Olympics will be a success Tennis star believes people should not worry about their safety in Sochi The Russian spent a number of years living in Sochi as a child
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a Saudi newspaper has reported . The case cast light on the treatment of women under Saudi Arabia 's strict Islamic law . Al-Jazirah newspaper quoted a Saudi Justice Ministry official saying King Abdullah issued a royal pardon Monday -- the same day that the Hajj , the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca , begins in Saudi Arabia . The victim 's husband told CNN he has not received an official letter regarding her pardon , but considers it to be legitimate since it was announced in an official Saudi newspaper . He thanked King Abdullah for the pardon , saying : "  This fatherly care and noble gesture will help  in  lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring . " "  This is not something new because we know that the King was always generous in dealing with his people and the entire world , " the husband said . "  This week , we have two holidays to celebrate ; the Eid and this great news of the pardon . " Saudi sources told CNN that the king 's pardon was not related to the beginning of the Hajj nor the Eid al-Adha festival that follows , which is normally when the Saudi monarch issues amnesty for prisoners . Watch how Arab media is reporting the story . " Saudi Arabia 's Justice Minister Abdullah Bin Mohammad al-Sheikh told al-Jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the Saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the Saudi justice system . The White House welcomed King Abdullah 's decision , but National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe stressed that "  this is obviously a matter for the Saudi Arabians and King Abdullah . " A Saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an "  illegitimate relationship " with a man who was not her husband , and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a "  compromising situation , her clothes on the ground . " The rape took place in Qatif in March 2006 when the woman was engaged to be married . The case has drawn international attention , provoked outrage in the West and cast light on the treatment of women under strict Islamic law in Saudi Arabia . The woman was meeting with a man -- described by the woman 's attorney as a former friend from whom she was retrieving a photograph -- when they both were abducted last March . Seven men , convicted of abducting the pair and raping her , were sentenced from two to nine years in prison . Abdul Rahman al-Lahim , the lawyer who represented the woman , faced a disciplinary hearing for "  insulting the Supreme Judicial Council and disobeying the rules and regulations " of the judiciary . The hearing has been postponed . The woman 's husband has been outspoken in his support for his wife . He called a Lebanese TV show to defend her , when a former Saudi judge claimed on the program that she "  spoil  ed  their marital bed " by meeting an unrelated male "  in secret " and admitted her guilt . Al-Lahim has said he hopes the case changes the Saudi justice system . "  We want to highlight the rape crimes in Saudi Arabia and the way they are handled and sentenced in court , " he added . "  This is a new era for all of us . " He said that the rape case had elicited a fierce response , including calls for his beheading . U.S. President George W. Bush said last week that King Abdullah "  knows our position loud and clear " on the case . Under Saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Saad Abedine and Isha Sesay contributed to this report	NEW : Sources say pardon unrelated to Hajj nor subsequent Eid al-Adha NEW : Justice minister says king felt pardon in best interests of Saudi people Report : King Abdullah pardons rape victim sentenced to 200 lashes A Saudi court had ruled the 19-year-old had an "  illegitimate relationship "
CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama was expected to make headlines in Europe with her style and flair as she accompanied her husband to the Group of 20 summit , but it was a simple gesture that has set off a media frenzy . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II and first lady Michelle Obama embrace while meeting Wednesday in London . While meeting Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II in London on Wednesday , the two women briefly embraced -- not your typical scene at Buckingham Palace . The British media called it everything from a breach of protocol to an extraordinary show of affection from the queen . The Times of London proclaimed it a "  touching moment , " and the palace apparently agreed . "  This was a mutual and spontaneous display of affection and appreciation between the queen and Michelle Obama , " a palace spokeswoman said . CNN 's Carol Costello talked about the moment Thursday with Charles Mosley , author of "  Blood Royal , " on CNN 's "  American Morning . " CNN : According to our tabloids in the United States , the meeting went really well . What 's your take ? Mosley : Absolutely . What is astounding is the picture of the queen with her arm around Michelle Obama and Michelle Obama 's hand around the queen , too . But the queen made the first move . This is the most astounding thing because the queen is not known for being touchy-feely . Indeed , her son Prince Charles complained on one occasion that he was n't given enough affection when he was a child . She 's obviously a late developer . CNN : What 's the big deal -LSB- about touching the queen -RSB- ? Mosley : The big deal is that the queen is normally a sacred person . In monarchies , there 's a sacredness that surrounds the sovereign , which is perhaps not known in republics , at least not all the time in the way that it is in a monarchy . She 's been on the throne a very , very long time , and she is herself a very dignified person , all the more so because of her relatively short stature . Watch to see if "  hugging " the queen broke protocol " One of the things one saw yesterday was the way -LSB- President -RSB- Obama and Michelle towered over the queen and indeed Prince Philip . CNN : By the queen putting her hand on the small of Michelle Obama 's back , does that signal friendship ? The queen said something to Michelle Obama toward the end of the meeting about keeping in touch . Mosley : Certainly , keeping in touch is meant quite literally . Yes , it 's a very significant gesture ; she 's not known for this kind of thing . amFIX : Your thoughts on Michelle Obama and the queen CNN : Let 's talk about the other gesture : the gift of the iPod . Some tabloids are calling it the "  i-Dud " in the sense that this was n't a great present to give the queen . What do you think ? Mosley : Not a bad one at all . The queen is actually quite technologically advanced . She uses e-mail to a much greater extent than most members of the royal family and particularly much more than her son , who is a bit of a technophobe . CNN : -LSB- The queen gave the president a silver-framed photograph of herself and her husband . -RSB- Was it a recent picture of the queen and Prince Philip at least ? Mosley : That I do n't know . If it 's the same as she gives everybody , it must be a sort of middle period picture because it would have to cover so many years . On the other hand , it may well be that this gesture of terrific friendship and affection for Michelle Obama was her way of saying , "  Sorry , I should have given you something more personal . "	First lady Michelle Obama and Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II briefly embrace Some papers call it a breach of protocol , others an extraordinary show of affection "  The queen made the first move , " royal observer says , calling it astounding "  The queen is not known for being touchy-feely , " he says
Part of Jerusalem is seeing its worst flare-up in years . Here 's a look at some of the key questions about the fighting . What started this new wave of violence ? The violence certainly had not gone away , with rocket attacks from Gaza and Israeli military incursions in the West Bank regular occurrences . But last month 's abduction of three Israeli teens who were on their way home from school in the West Bank brought the tensions to a fever pitch . Israelis waited with bated breath , hoping for word that they were alive . When the bodies of Eyal Yifrach , Gilad Shaar and Naftali Frankel -- a dual Israeli-American citizen -- were found on June 30 , the country was grief-stricken . The Israeli government blamed Hamas , which denied responsibility but praised the abductions . Israel carried out arrests and demolished homes of the suspects in the West Bank , and launched airstrikes against targets in Gaza that are used to lob rockets into Israel . Palestinians stepped up rocket attacks and clashed with Israeli troops . Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ? When was the Palestinian teen killed ? On Wednesday , according to his family , Mohammad Abu Khedair was headed to a mosque in his middle-class neighborhood of Shuafat , part of eastern Jerusalem , which is populated by Arabs . Three people in a car forced him inside , according to authorities and family members . He was reported missing and , about an hour later , his body was found in a forest in Jerusalem . Israel vowed a swift investigation and condemned the killing . Still , clashes erupted in the usually quiet Shuafat neighborhood . Residents threw rocks at security forces , and Israeli authorities responded with occasional volleys of stun grenades or tear gas . Some protesters also attacked two fellow Palestinians whom they mistook for undercover Israeli police . Israel announced over the weekend that several Jewish suspects had been arrested and that there was "  strong indication " the killing may have been in revenge for the three Israeli teens ' deaths . The clashes are the worst the city has seen in a decade . Israel has condemned the killings of five teens . Who 's the fifth ? Israel announced over the weekend that a taxi driver had confessed to killing an Israeli Jewish teen in May . Shelly Dadon , 19 , was kidnapped , stabbed to death and left in an abandoned parking lot . The suspect 's motivation was believed to be Palestinian nationalism , Israeli police said . In the Knesset , Israel 's parliament , lawmakers unanimously condemned the deaths of all five young people , The Jerusalem Post reported . Who 's the beaten teen ? Tariq Abu Khdeir is from Florida . He was visiting his relatives in Jerusalem when his cousin , Mohammad Abu Khedair , was killed . Two videos posted online Thursday show Tariq Abu Khdeir beaten by men wearing the uniform of Israeli security forces . The videos do not show what led to the beating . There 's a dispute over what transpired . Ron Dermer , Israel 's ambassador to the United States , said Khdeir was among six masked people who threw petrol bombs and Molotov cocktails , and three of whom had knives . Still , that would not excuse "  any excessive use of force , " he told "  Fox News Sunday . " Khdeir says he was watching protesters and was "  attacked . " A court has ordered him to house arrest for nine days at a relative 's home in a different neighborhood . His mother says the family plans to sue Israeli authorities . Physically , he 's "  doing a lot better , " a family lawyer in Florida told CNN on Monday . Will this spark a ` third Intifada ' ? That 's a question being raised by some in the region as well as global media . The term refers to two previous armed uprisings by Palestinians against Israel . The first began in 1987 and ended in 1993 with the signing of the Oslo accords . The second lasted from 2000 to 2005 . "  A third intifada is likely if Palestinians fail to distance themselves from the militants following the cold-blooded murder of three Israeli teenagers , " the Telegraph 's Con Coughlin wrote last week after their bodies were found . "  Put simply , there are solid reasons to fear that a third intifada could be far more bloody than the uprisings that have gone before . Which means the task facing leaders on all sides could not be clearer : they have to calm this situation , not inflame it , " The Guardian 's Jonathan Freedland wrote Friday . But Haaretz reported that "  many East Jerusalem officials expect the turmoil to die down . " It noted that West Bank cities have not joined the violent protest . To some Palestinians , the intifada is the ongoing effort against Israel . "  The blood of our martyrs is precious ... and is fuel for the intifada and the resistance , " Mushir Al-Masri , a Hamas leadership figure and member of the Palestinian parliament , wrote Monday on Facebook . What are Palestinian leaders saying ? Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas surprised many when he condemned the kidnappings of the three Israeli teens . He faced heated criticism from fellow Palestinians for doing so . "  Hamas , which is now part of the Palestinian Authority government in a unity deal with Fatah , made no effort to conceal its glee , " columnist Frida Ghitis noted on CNN.com . Khaled Meshaal , Hamas political chief , told Al Jazeera after the Israeli teens ' disappearance , "  I congratulate the abductors because our prisoners must be freed from the prisons of the occupation . " Palestinian leaders have called for an end to "  collective punishment " by Israel , including the demolishing of homes and other military actions . And some have called on Israel to demolish the homes of those behind the killing of Abu Khedair . Palestinian leaders have also condemned the killings of people in Israeli military actions . Israel says it is focused on terrorist networks . More than 150 rockets from Gaza have hit Israel in less than a month , and "  terrorists from Gaza opened fire at an  Israel Defense Forces  vehicle patrolling the security fence , " the IDF tweeted Monday . Is anyone calling for peace ? Yes . In recent days , Israelis have held anti-racism rallies to counteract hatred on both sides , including groups of Israeli Jews who were seen yelling "  Death to Arabs " after the Israeli teens ' killings . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called on Palestinian and Arab leaders to join his public calls for an end to the killings . "  We do n't differ between terror and terror , and against both we will act harshly . And I do n't differ between incitement and incitement in the state of Israel , " he said Sunday , adding , "  We will not let extremists -- it does n't matter from which side -- bring bloodshed to the area . " Last week , the family of Frankel , the slain Israeli-American teen , also condemned Khedair 's killing . Frankel 's uncle Yishai Frankel , who works to bring Palestinians into Israel 's high-tech sector , said he feels as good as ever about "  the good people " he works with . "  It 's no secret that every society has bad people , " he said . And the family attorney for beaten teen Tariq Abu Khdeir told CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday , "  We need , really , all sides right now to just stop this disgusting cycle of violence where innocent children , both on the Israeli and Palestinian side , are being killed and injured almost daily nowadays . " What does all this mean for peace efforts ? It 's unclear whether there 's been any real progress toward substantive peace talks in recent years , with each side blaming the other for preventing them . In April , The Economist called it "  a peace process that is going nowhere . " Israelis and Palestinians may have grown further apart in what they 're hoping for . Most Israelis support a two-state solution , according to a new poll by the Dialog Institute , Haaretz reported Monday . But a June poll of Palestinians , taken during the search for the three missing Israeli teens , found that fewer than 30 % of Palestinians support a two-state solution . Sixty percent say the five-year goal "  should be to work toward reclaiming all of historic Palestine , from the river to the sea , " the Washington Institute for Near East Policy found . But the majority support nonviolent methods of "  popular resistance . " For now , the focus for all those opposing the violence is calming anger in the short term -- and stopping the killing .	The killings of three Israeli teens sparked national grief The killing of a Palestinian teen sparked grief and clashes in a usually quiet area Israel announced a confession in the killing of another Israeli teen An American teen visiting Palestinian relatives was beaten
CNN  -- The facts : On August 27 , 1891 , a passenger train jumped the tracks on a tall bridge near Statesville , North Carolina , sending seven rail cars below and about 30 people to their deaths . The legend : On the wreck 's anniversary , the sounds of screeching wheels , screaming passengers and a horrific crash might still be heard . You might also see a uniformed man with a gold watch . Shortly before 3 a.m. Friday , on the 119th anniversary of the Bostian Bridge train tragedy and at about the same time , between 10 and 12 ghost hunters were on that approximately 300-foot long span . They were hoping to hear the sounds of the crash , and perhaps see something . Instead , a real Norfolk-Southern train -- three engines and one car -- turned the corner as it headed east to Statesville , about 35 miles north of Charlotte , authorities said . The terrified "  amateur ghost watchers " ran away , back toward Statesville , trying to cover the nearly 150 feet to safety , said Iredell County Sheriff 's Office Capt. Darren Campbell . All but two made it . Christopher Kaiser , 29 , of Charlotte , was struck and killed , said Campbell . A woman who witnesses say Kaiser pushed to safety fell about 30 to 40 feet from the trestle and was injured . Her name and condition were not known Friday night . She was being treated at Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte . "  There was no way out , said Campbell . "  They almost made it . " The engineer of the train , which was traveling at its customary 35 to 40 mph , hit the horn and "  stopped as fast as he could , " Campbell said . Campbell , 38 , is from the area and has heard all the stories , although he said he knows of no one who has ever seen or heard the "  ghost train . " On the 50th anniversary of the Bostian Bridge incident , a woman said she witnessed it all again . In 1991 , hawkers sold T-shirts and other memorabilia , and there were an estimated 150 people waiting for the train , according to the Charlotte Observer . There are occasional reports of railroad crossing arms dropping without cause , Campbell said . The ghost trip on the anniversary has become an annual tradition of sorts . A woman who did not want to be identified , but who was part of the group of onlookers , told CNN affiliate WCNC , "  We were there looking for what people say happened . You hear the train wreck or hear people screaming . We were just watching . " Kaiser 's mother said the family was too distraught to talk about the incident , WCNC said . Campbell said most of the ghost hunters , who were from out of town , have been interviewed . Many fled because they were trespassing on railroad property , he said . Campbell said there were no patrols near the bridge early Friday . Although the investigation is continuing , Campbell said the incident appears to be an accident . At least two blogs that cover the phenomena , N.C. Ghost Guide and CreepyNC.com , detail the 1891 wreck 's legend . While accounts vary somewhat , the man with the gold watch reportedly was first seen on the first anniversary . According to CreepyNC.com , Hugh K. Linster was a baggage master for the Asheville-bound train that crashed into Third Creek that August of 1891 . "  Hugh Linster never made it to retirement , " the blog reads . "  His body was found in the wreck having been killed immediately upon impact with a broken neck . " One year later , a group of people at the bridge said they saw a man in a railroad uniform , holding a watch . He vanished before their eyes , legend has it .	"  Ghost train " hunter killed by train near Statesville , North Carolina Group was on Bostian Bridge , site of 1891 tragedy Legends sprang up after 30 people killed in wreck
CNN  -- More patients will soon be told that they received potentially contaminated drugs from the New England Compounding Center , whose products are associated with 308 illnesses and 23 deaths . On Monday , the Food and Drug Administration posted on its website a list of more than 1,200 hospitals and clinics that had purchased steroids and other drugs from the compounding center that , if contaminated , would be especially dangerous for patients . The agency took the list down after it realized it was n't accurate . "  FDA has found some technical problems with the list and the data are incorrect , " according to a statement on the agency 's website . "  FDA is working to correct the list and will re-post when we are sure it is accurate . " A "  few " drugs are of concern , according to FDA spokeswoman Sarah Clark-Lynn . They include triamcinolone acetonide , an injectable steroid used to treat pain ; injectable drugs used for eye surgery ; and cardioplegic solutions , which are used during open heart surgeries . This month , dozens of hospitals were contacted about the potential danger of another injectable steroid , methylprednisolone , which is used to treat pain . The FDA warns patients who received any of these drugs to be vigilant for signs of fungal meningitis , such as headache and fever . On Tuesday , the New England Compounding Center 's chief pharmacist surrendered his license to the Tennessee Pharmacy Board . Dr. Barry Cadden no longer has a license to operate in Tennessee , according to board spokesman Bill Christian . Tennessee has been the hardest-hit state in the meningitis outbreak , with 70 cases as of Tuesday , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Michigan is a close second , with 68 cases as of Tuesday .	NEW : Compounding center 's chief pharmacist surrenders license in Tenn. . FDA listing more sites that used drugs from the compounding center Center has been source of products associated with 23 deaths Some injectable drugs used in surgeries are of concern , FDA says
CNN  Riding high on the wave of tech transformation washing over the continent , many entrepreneurs across Africa are using their talents to find local solutions to everyday problems . Join CNN 's African Start-Up team along with special guests Juliana Rotich , Erik Hersman and Rebecca Enonchong for an exclusive Twitter debate on : How to take your tech startup to the next level . Over the course of an hour , we will discuss how people can push their tech businesses further . Our experts will be on hand to answer questions , share their business secrets and offer advice for the future . To participate in the conversation , simply log in to Twitter and search #CNNAfrica on Wednesday , January 14 , at 15:00 GMT . Key Twitter handles for the chat include : Special guests : @africatechie -- Rebecca Enonchong , technology entrepreneur and founder of AppsTech @afromusing -- Juliana Rotich , executive director of Ushahidi Inc , MIT Media Lab Director 's Fellow @whiteafrican -- Erik Hersman , BRCK CEO , Ushahidi co-founder The African Start-Up team : @cnnafricanstart @Teo_Kermeliotis @laurenmoorhouse @phoebeparke Join us and share your experiences , thoughts and ideas . We 'll be featuring the conversation on CNN.com . READ MORE from African Start-Up	CNN will host a Tweetchat about tech startups in Africa Special guests include Juliana Rotich , Erik Hersman and Rebecca Enonchong Follow #CNNAfrica on Twitter on Wednesday , January 14 at 15:00 GMT
CNN  -- Five-time Wimbledon winner Bjorn Borg has backed world number three Roger Federer to emerge victorious this year . Borg , who won 15 majors between 1974 and 1981 , is confident the six-time champion can overcome holder Rafael Nadal , in-form Serb Novak Djokovic and fourth seed Andy Murray at the All England Club tournament . The Swede cited Federer 's form during the recent French Open at Roland Garros , where the Swiss lost to the Spaniard Nadal in the final , as the reason behind his prediction . "  I pick Federer because the way he played the French Open . I have never seen Roger play better clay court tennis than he did in Paris . Murray 's Wimbledon mission will not succeed in 2011 "  Roger is a mentally strong person , so when he 's coming to one of his favorite surfaces , grass , I think it 's going to be very difficult to beat him at Wimbledon . " Although Borg tipped the 29-year-old Federer to shine , the former world number one would not be surprised if top seed Nadal , Australian Open winner Djokovic or home-crowd favorite Murray clinched the title . "  You have four guys right now , they are playing incredible tennis and I think everybody 's very confident for the moment . I pick Federer , but anyone can win . " Nadal equaled Borg 's record of six French Open triumphs with his victory over 16-time major champion Federer earlier this month , and the 55-year-old said he has enjoyed watching the pair 's rivalry develop over the last few years . "  My two favorite players are Federer and Nadal . I 've only missed one match of all the matches they have played . They are a little bit different , different personalities , different styles . "  They produced tennis like ex-players want to see and people want to see , and they always play great tennis . " CNN 's Open Court presenter and former Wimbledon champion Pat Cash disagrees with Borg , and thinks Nadal will retain his crown . "  I 've got to say the number one player in the world . I think all four players  Nadal , Djokovic , Federer and Murray  have got a great chance , all four top players . "  But if I had to say one I 'd have to say the number one player in the world who has just won the French Open , Nadal . " Boris Becker became the youngest-ever champion of the grass court grand slam in 1985 , aged 17 , and the German agrees with Borg that Federer can record a seventh Wimbledon crown . But the three-time winner at SW19 can not pick a winner out of the tournament 's top four seeds . "  I would agree with Borg in a sense that a six-time Wimbledon champion can win it seven times . "  I do n't think there is a clear-cut favorite this year . Normally you would go with the defending champion , but Federer is the most talented of all of them . "  You have Andy Murray , the great hope of Britain , and you have Novak Djokovic , the player of the year losing only one tennis match . I want to see the first week , how everybody does in their first couple of matches , then I can give you a name . "	Bjorn Borg has backed six-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer to win 2011 event CNN Open Court presenter Pat Cash has backed world number one Rafael Nadal Three-time winner Boris Becker believes any of the top four players could triumph
CNN  -- Today , we are all mourning the loss of 298 people who died in the tragic crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . Ukraine and Russia have been trading blame on who is responsible for shooting down the aircraft . As more details come in , U.S. officials believe that pro-Russian rebels fired the missiles . Whatever the political repercussions are , the international community owes it to the deceased and their families to conduct an immediate , thorough , competent and , most important , independent investigation of what exactly happened and who is responsible . We can not afford to have another aviation accident investigation that appears to stumble at its outset . The families of the 298 innocents on board deserve competence and justice . Most of those on board were Dutch , but there were also Australians , Indonesians , Germans , at least one American and a Malaysian crew . Some of the world 's top AIDS researchers were among those killed . Clearly , given the political tensions between Ukraine and Russia and the disputed area in which the crash occurred , these two countries should not conduct the investigation . According to Annex 13 of the International Civil Aviation Organization , multiple parties are entitled to be involved in the investigation . While our own National Transportation Safety Board will have a say , since Boeing in the United States made the aircraft , we believe that the Dutch Safety Board should be the lead investigatory body , and it should be appointed immediately . The Dutch Safety Board was founded in 2005 , is noted for its thoroughness and technical skill , and has conducted many aviation investigations . Its leader , Chairman Tjibbe Joustra , is a career politician and the national coordinator for security and counterterrorism . Given his experience in both aviation and national security , he would be an outstanding fit for the work . It is vital that investigators get to the scene of the accident immediately . With unconfirmed reports that Ukrainian rebels are combing through the wreckage and may even have possession of the black box , security at the crash site must be established to preserve evidence and allow investigators to determine how and why this aircraft was shot down . It is critical that investigators obtain possession of the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder , the "  black box . " As the NTSB did in the investigation of TWA 800 using black box data , a sound spectrum study can provide telling information on where on the aircraft and when the explosion occurred . The Russians , the Ukrainians and the rebels should commit immediately to full transparency and to guaranteeing the complete safety of the investigative team . Anything short of that should bring immediate world condemnation and a denial of landing rights for flights originating in their respective countries . This is more than just an investigation of an aviation accident . Our global economy is greatly dependent on aviation . People are able to access the farthest corners of the globe for business and family purposes with remarkable speed and unprecedented safety . If there is an ongoing threat that commercial airliners will be shot down , our global commerce will slow to a halt . In the United States alone , 97.5 million passengers flew internationally on U.S. airlines in 2013 . The United Nations is meeting today on the MH17 tragedy , and it needs to show strong leadership to ensure that a true independent investigation is immediately launched . The world 's countries must stand up for safe and secure global travel , and by demanding a transparent and unfettered international investigation , they will take the first step in bringing those responsible to justice . CNN Flight 17 full coverage	298 people lost their lives in the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in Ukraine Jim Hall , Peter Goelz : There must be an immediate and competent investigation They say Russia and Ukraine should not conduct investigation ; leave it to the Dutch Hall , Goelz : International community must stand up for safe and secure global travel
CNN  -- The Facebook page of the USS Mesa Verde was filled with dozens of well-wishes and thanks to God on Tuesday , a day after 25 Marines and U.S. Navy sailors survived the crash of a Marine Corps CH-53E helicopter as it tried to land on the amphibious transport dock in the open sea . "  THANK YOU GOD !!! FOR THE MIRACLE AT SEA !!! " Audie Mangola wrote on the ship 's Facebook page . "  It is great news that they are all ok . I guess my grandson will have a tale to tell when he gets home ! " Annie Stephens wrote in a post . It 's "  an absolute blessing " that everyone survived , U.S. 5th Fleet spokesman Lt. Joe Hontz told Stars and Stripes . "  The team on the Mesa Verde and everyone else came together and saved 25 people . " There were minor injuries in the crash , but all were treated aboard the Mesa Verde , the Navy said in a statement . Seventeen Marines and eight Navy sailors were aboard the 16-ton Super Stallion copter , which was part of the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit . It fell into the Gulf of Aden as it was taking troops back to the Mesa Verde after a training exercise in Djibouti on the Horn of Africa , the Navy said . The crash was not related to any hostile activity , the Navy said . Both Marine and Navy officials were investigating .	Marine Corps CH-53E crashed into Gulf of Aden Only minor injuries among 25 aboard Warship 's Facebook page filled with thanks , relief , well-wishes
CNN  -- Inter Milan will learn their early group opponents as they begin their defense of the Champions League crown when the draw is made in Monaco on Thursday . Milan , who beat Bayern Munich in last May 's final , are in the same top-seeded pot with the Germans . They are joined by British trio Manchester United , Chelsea and Arsenal , Spanish giants Barcelona , city rivals AC Milan and French side Lyon . Inter could face Real Madrid , now managed by Jose Mourinho , who led them to their triple Serie A , Champions League , Italian Cup triumph last season before departing to the Bernabeu . Real are in the second pot as are Spanish rivals Valencia . Another potentially tricky hurdle might be English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur , who are in the third pot of eight . Tottenham qualified for the Champions League group stages with a thumping 4-0 , aggregate 6-3 win , over Young Boys of Berne . Under Champions League rules they can not face either of the other three English clubs at the first stage . Scottish champions Rangers are also in pot three , while the favorites will also want to avoid Portuguese side Braga , who put out La Liga 's Sevilla in the result of the third qualifying round this week . Pot four contains the likes of Russian champions Rubin Kazan and Dutch title winners FC Twente . The 32 qualified teams are drawn into eight groups of four teams , with the top two from each group going through to the last 16 knockout stages . Each group will contain a top seed , plus one club each from the second , third and fourth pots . The opening set of group games will take place on September 14 and 15 , with the final scheduled for England 's famous Wembley stadium on May 28 , 2011 .	Champions League draw being made in Monaco on Thursday 32 sides have qualified for the group stages led by title holders Inter Milan The teams are split into eight groups of four teams with the top two going through
EW  -- How on earth is a movie about James Brown rated PG-13 ? The Godfather of Soul not only oozed sin and raw sexuality from the stage , but his life off it was one long rap sheet of domestic-violence charges , blackout drug benders , and indiscriminate gunplay . To be fair , all of this is touched on in Tate Taylor 's  "  The Help "  biopic of the Hardest Working Man in Show Business â $ " but with kid gloves . "  Get On Up " too often plays it safe when it needs to be dangerous . ` Get On Up ' trailer : The evolution of James Brown It does n't help that writers Jez and John-Henry Butterworth chronologically pinball around like Ritalin-starved kids , never trusting the audience to take in the full sweep of the R&B singer 's life . In the opening reel alone , the film jumps from 1988  a high-speed chase with the cops that resulted in jail time  to 1968  performing under fire in Vietnam  to 1939  his impoverished Georgia childhood  . The best thing the movie has going for it is Chadwick Boseman 's live-wire channeling of Brown . With his gravity-defying pompadour , raspy jive patter , and quicksilver shimmy-slide dance steps , the "  42 " star sweats through a two-hour funk workout , belting " Caledonia , " " Night Train , " and " It 's a Man 's Man 's Man 's World . " How Chadwick Boseman went from playing Jackie Robinson to James Brown In the most poignant scene , Viola Davis , as the mother who abandoned Brown , shows up backstage to leech off his wealth and fame . Both she and Boseman are devastating . And for that brief moment , "  Get On Up " shows us the kind of movie it could have â $ " and should have â $ " been . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tate Taylor directed this biopic about James Brown Chadwick Boseman as the Godfather of Soul is the best thing about the film The story too often plays it safe when it needs to be dangerous
UPDATE Tuesday 4:30 pm ET : The NRA broke its recent silence Tuesday afternoon with a statement saying the group was "  shocked , saddened and heartbroken " by the Newtown shootings and is prepared "  to help make sure this never happens again . " The gun lobby has scheduled a news conference for Friday . Despite an escalating nationwide debate on gun control in the wake of Friday 's mass shooting at a Connecticut elementary school , the National Rifle Association has remained conspicuously silent . As of Monday evening the largest and most powerful gun-rights lobbying group in the U.S. had not posted anything to its website since Friday morning , when a gunman entered Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newton and killed 26 people , 20 of them children . The NRA 's Facebook page has been deactivated , and visitors are redirected to a bare-bones page where comments are disabled  although "  Likes " are still allowed  . As of Tuesday morning Its Twitter account , which typically posts several times a day , had been quiet for four days . In a statement provided to CNN Friday about the shootings , NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam said only , "  Until the facts are thoroughly known , NRA will not have any comment . " This social-media blackout after a mass shooting is not unprecedented for the NRA . The gun lobby did n't tweet for 10 days last July following the fatal shooting of 12 people in an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater . However , an ill-timed tweet by "  American Rifleman , " the official NRA journal , hours afterward said , "  Good morning , shooters . Happy Friday ! Weekend plans ? " The NRA later said the tweeter was unaware of the tragedy . This time around , the NRA 's silence comes amid widespread criticism of the group on social media and calls by some politicians for tougher gun-control laws . Two new polls conducted after Friday 's shooting suggest Americans are becoming more supportive of gun-control measures . Bloomberg expands on his call for gun control action So is the NRA 's self-imposed silence a good idea ? No , said Allyson Kapin , co-founder of Rad Campaign , a digital-strategy firm that works with nonprofits and political campaigns on social media policy . "  There is no social media handbook I know that says , ` Do n't respond in a crisis , bury your head in the sand , ' " she said . "  You need to be prepared to respond even if you are n't prepared to make a statement . There are still people out there on the fence about the NRA , and this was an opportunity to engage and start a conversation . They did n't even have to take a political stance , but they could have at least taken a human one and reacted . Instead they said nothing . " Lawmakers seem prepared to tackle gun control The NRA did not return messages seeking comment on Monday . A representative for Facebook told CNN they were not able to speak for the NRA and do not comment on organization 's actions on their own pages . The gun-rights lobby is typically aggressive in defending Second Amendment freedoms . Less than 24 hours after NBC 's Bob Costas advocated for stricter gun-control laws during a broadcast of a football game December 2 , the NRA took to Twitter , citing a Daily Caller Column to say Costas "  offended millions of law-abiding gun-owning football fans w his gun-ban rant & owes us an apology . " That same day , the head of the NRA told CNN he expects an "  unprecedented " attack on Second Amendment rights in the new Congress . "  I think it is going to come hard , I think it is going to come fast , and I think it is going to come soon , " Wayne LaPierre , NRA 's executive vice president and chief executive officer , said in an interview . "  We are going to stand and fight , " he said . "  We are prepared to do what we have always done . Our strength is n't the  NRA  building , it is not money . ... Our strength is the individual people all over the country who value their ability to own a gun . " Will Newtown change America 's attitude toward guns ?	Three days after fatal school shooting in Connecticut , the NRA remains silent online National Rifle Association has n't tweeted since Friday 's killings The NRA 's Facebook page has been deactivated Social media expert : NRA 's silence is a missed opportunity to have a dialogue on guns
U.S. President Barack Obama did n't speak very long at the White House on Friday , but his message was clear : Russia should not use military force to change the fate of Ukraine . "  The United States will stand with the international community in affirming that there will be costs for any military intervention in Ukraine , " Obama said . The president made his remarks as events moved quickly in Ukraine , with troops believed to be from Russia moving into Crimea , the southern section of Ukraine that favors close ties with neighboring Russia . Other parts of Ukraine and the new government leaders want to align with Europe . "  We are now deeply concerned by reports of military movements taken by the Russian Federation inside of Ukraine , " Obama said . "  Russia has a historic relationship with Ukraine , including cultural and economic ties , and a military facility in Crimea , but any violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity would be deeply destabilizing , which is not in the interest of Ukraine , Russia , or Europe . "  It would represent a profound interference in matters that must be determined by the Ukrainian people . " He said Ukraine must be autonomous . "  Throughout this crisis , we have been very clear about one fundamental principle : The Ukrainian people deserve the opportunity to determine their own future , " he said . Just before Obama spoke , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Samantha Power , called for an "  urgent international " mediation mission to Crimea . Also , a bipartisan group of 12 senators from the Foreign Relations Committee expressed support for U.S. assistance in Ukraine and warned of Russian intervention . "  We do not seek confrontation with President Putin and his government , but simply to ensure that Russia abides by its commitments and adheres to core principles of international law . A peaceful , democratic , stable , and sovereign Ukraine is in our national interest , " the senators wrote in a letter to Obama . Vice President Joe Biden spoke with Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk on Friday to "  reaffirm the United States ' strong support for the new government and our commitment to the sovereignty , territorial integrity , and democratic future of Ukraine , " a statement from the vice president 's office said . The State Department warned U.S. citizens Friday night to avoid non-essential travel to Ukraine , particularly to the Crimean Peninsula , citing instability . Read Obama 's full statement	President Obama says "  we are now deeply concerned " by reports of military movements inside Ukraine Obama said Ukraine 's fate must be determined by its people The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations calls for international mediation Senate Foreign Relations Committee members back U.S. assistance in Ukraine
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A delegation of South Koreans traveled to the Communist North Monday to pay their respects to the late leader Kim Jong Il , lying in state at Kumsusan Memorial Palace . The 18-member civilian delegation was led by Lee Hui-ho -- the widow of the former South Korean president Kim Dae-jung , who received the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts at nurturing reconciliation between the two Koreas -- and Hyun Jeong-eun , the widow of Chung Mong-hun , the former chairman of Hyundai Group who pushed for heavy industrial investments in the North . "  I hope this helps improve North and South relations , " Lee said in a statement read by one of her aides prior to her departure at the border . The South Koreans arrived in Pyongyang after passing through the Kaesong Industrial Park , just to the north of the demilitarized zone that separates the two countries , reported the Korean Central News Agency , the North 's official news agency . North Korea 's new leader Kim Jong Un greeted the delegation in Pyongyang , said a statement from the Unification Ministry . The delegation plans to stay overnight . The visit comes at a delicate point in relations between the two Koreas . The death of Kim Jong Il , announced by Pyongyang on December 19 , has put the region on edge , as the world waits to see how the leadership succession will play out in the secretive regime . Seoul expressed its sympathy to the North Korean people and gave the green light to Lee and Hyun 's group to visit the North . But it said it will not send an official delegation to pay respects to Kim Jong Il . Pyongyang sent delegations to South Korea when the former president Kim and the former Hyundai chairman Chung died in 2009 and 2003 respectively .	NEW : Kim Jong Un greets the civilian delegation The group is led by a former first lady and the widow of an industrial tycoon The visit comes at a delicate point in relations between the two Koreas Pyongyang announced Kim Jong Il 's death on December 19 , putting the region on edge
CNN  -- Passengers who disembarked from a Carnival Cruise Lines ship that was towed to port after losing power earlier this week gave mixed reviews on the experience , with several declaring it "  an adventure . " "  A lot of things went wrong , but it was really fun , " said one small passenger , Ryan Harlan , who was traveling with his parents . "  We went to the Kids ' Camp . " He said the Kids ' Camp was , in fact , his favorite part , because he made some friends . And the worst part ? "  Being stranded in the middle of the ocean , " he said . Some 3,300 passengers left the ship Thursday after the three-day ordeal that began with a fire in the ship 's engine room Monday . Engineers were unable to restore power to the ship after the fire was extinguished , leaving passengers without air conditioning , hot showers or decent meals . Instead , they had to settle for Spam and Pop-Tarts dropped off by the USS Ronald Reagan , a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier that came to assist . The National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday it was investigating the onboard fire . Passengers said they were not told there was a fire . Guest Marquis Horace said the cruise line told passengers there was "  a flameless fire . ... Everybody just laughed . " And passenger Ken King said guests were told there was "  a lot of smoke . " "  It was absolutely deplorable , " Horace said . At one point , the ship ran out of food , he said , and "  they started making mayo sandwiches . " "  I expected a really nice time and it was like Gilligan 's Island or something , " he said . He said he ate a lot of bananas and dry cereal , but at one point did n't want to eat anymore because the smell of overflowing toilets , spoiled food and rotten milk was overwhelming . Once the USS Ronald Reagan showed up to assist , passengers felt safer , he said . And the Navy provided good food -- Horace said he particularly enjoyed the bean burritos . "  We tried to make the best of it , " said Horace , who was traveling with his best friend for both of their birthdays . "  It just completely got ruined . " Some of the elderly passengers on board particularly struggled , he said . One woman , who used a scooter , could not take the stairs , and other passengers had to help her and carry the scooter . Horace said the woman across the hall from him was a diabetic , and her insulin had to be kept cold , but there was no way to do that . He said he and his companion had to help her to the bathroom . At one point , "  she was crying because she had no food , " he said . One passenger was wheeled off the Splendor on a stretcher and was taken to a waiting ambulance , CNN affiliate KGTV reported . Horace said passengers brushed their teeth with bottled water , and "  showering in the dark is not fun . " "  All that stuff we take for granted was totally missed , " Horace said . He told CNN affiliate KFMB some of the floors were "  saturated with feces and urine " after the toilets backed up . "  It was really nasty , " he said . Trying to navigate the ship in the dark was "  like a search and rescue mission , " said passenger Josh Vest , who was on his honeymoon . One woman , who said she worked for the cruise line , was wearing a T-shirt that said , "  I survived the 2010 Carnival Cruise Spamcation . " Vendors met passengers at the port , selling the shirts for $ 20 . "  The first part of it was OK , " King said of the cruise . "  The food was great , staff was great . " But after the fire , he said , the food "  actually got worse . The toilets did n't work for about 12 hours . " Chris Harlan , Ryan 's father , agreed . "  The first night was great when we got aboard , dancing and all that stuff , " he told CNN affiliate KUSI . "  We called it an early night , and the next morning you could just feel the ship rattling , and we looked out the window and we could see smoke from our balcony . " Several people said the experience was "  an adventure . " "  Everything , from the military , to cold water showers , to Spam , to salads every day , " Chris Harlan told CNN . Several passengers described long lines for food . But "  Carnival did a great job with the resources they had , " he said . "  I ca n't say enough . The crew was great . ... We just made the most of it . " The vessel became stranded Monday off the coast of Mexico after the fire . While Carnival said Wednesday that most passengers knew that the Splendor 's crew was doing the best it could , there were reports of passengers pledging not to take up the company 's offer of a free replacement trip . Because the ship was without most of its power , the company decided to wait until daylight Thursday for tugboats to deliver the Splendor to a dock , Carnival Cruise Lines CEO Gerry Cahill said at a news conference . One passenger , David Zambrano , a KUSA-TV employee , called his Denver , Colorado , station Wednesday from his cell phone and said many passengers were in the dark in their cabins and had to wait in line for two hours to eat the cold meals , which were being delivered to the ship by helicopter from the USS Ronald Reagan . "  Many of the people I have talked to said that they will never take another cruise again , especially with Carnival , " said Zambrano . Others , however , said they would return . In addition to offering a free cruise , Carnival has promised passengers a refund and said it will cover their transportation costs . "  Conditions on the ship have been challenging , " said Cahill , reiterating the cruise line 's apologies to families . "  We 're disappointed about it . Reports from the ship show guests believe we are doing the best we can , " Cahill said . "  We ruined their vacations . I am optimistic they will return . " Cahill said the crew did the best it could to make passengers comfortable , including offering free drinks . "  We wish to thank our guests for their patience and cooperation during this very difficult situation and offer our sincerest apologies , " said Cahill . Carnival spokeswoman Jennifer de la Cruz acknowledged the unpleasant conditions . "  We know that the conditions were challenging and our crew worked extremely hard to make our guests as comfortable as possible until we could return them home safely . We sincerely apologize , " de la Cruz said . The USS Ronald Reagan resupplied the ship on Tuesday . Sailors stood on the deck in 50-yard lines , handing off boxes of water , frozen bread , sandwich meats , granola bars , paper plates and more for the Splendor . The Reagan received 60,000 pounds of food , bottled water and supplies by airlift for the cruise ship , said Cmdr. Greg Hicks , spokesman of the U.S. Third Fleet . Carnival said it was making hotel and flight arrangements for guests once they reach port . About 100 representatives greeted the ship at the port Thursday to help passengers with transportation , hotel and other needs , Cahill said . The fire occurred about 6 a.m. Monday in the engine room of the Splendor , the cruise line said in a statement on its website . The blaze was extinguished , and no passengers or crew were injured . The seven-day cruise along the Mexican coast departed Sunday from Long Beach , California . Carnival has canceled a seven-day cruise that was to leave November 14 from Long Beach , the company said . "  We 've been in business for 35 years , " Cahill said . "  We 've never had anything like this happen before . " John Heald , Carnival 's senior cruise director , blogged Wednesday from the Carnival Splendor . "  I have to say that the crew has been absolutely epic and I am so very proud of each and every one of them , " he wrote . "  One thing is for certain though , " Heald added . "  I doubt anyone onboard will ever , ever want to eat a sandwich ever again . " CNN 's Michael Martinez , Phil Gast , Paul Vercammen and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	The NTSB is investigating the fire on the cruise ship Passengers were told there was a "  flameless fire , " one says One says his birthday cruise was ruined He says some elderly passengers were struggling
A group of 14 women jailed for protests in support of Egypt 's ousted president will soon be free , after an Alexandria court revised their 11-year sentences , state news reported . The women had been sentenced Wednesday -- along with seven minors facing juvenile detention -- on charges of gathering , thuggery and weapons possession at a demonstration in support of former President Mohamed Morsy . The sentence sparked wide criticism of the Interior Ministry and the judiciary 's handling of cases involving those detained for publicly backing Morsy , who has been in custody since being pushed out in July . Police arrest head of arrested women 's defense team It also set the stage for Saturday 's appeals hearing in Alexandria . That ended with the court 's decision to release the 14 women , giving them instead suspended one-year sentences , according to Egypt 's state-run Al Ahram newspaper . The appeals court also acquitted the detained girls , who ranged in age from 15 to 17 . Egypt has been mired in political and social turmoil since massive , peaceful protests in 2011 -- amid the broader Arab Spring movement that targeted many entrenched leaders in the Middle East -- led to the exit of longtime leader Hosni Mubarak . Morsy took power as Egypt 's first popularly elected president in June 2012 . But his time was marked by continued unrest , much of it targeting him and the Muslim Brotherhood , the once-banned Islamist organization that he once led . Conditions in the North African country have not improved significantly since the military forced off Morsy and assumed control . Authorities have taken various steps to quell the social unrest , including legislation passed last month barring unauthorized protests . These efforts have most noticeably targeted Morsy supporters , though authorities have increasingly cracked down on non-Islamist activists who oppose the military-led regime and Morsy . Egypt 's draft constitution goes to interim president	An appeals court revisits the 11-year sentences given 14 women involved in a protest They will be released and given 1-year suspended sentences , state news reports The women 's original sentences sparked widespread condemnation around Egypt They were arrested at a demonstration for ousted President Mohamed Morsy
CNN Student News  -- March 22 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Israel Cyprus South Korea ; North Korea Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  In a rare reference to the sexual assault allegations against him , Bill Cosby told a woman attending his comedy show that , "  you have to be careful about drinking around me . " The comment came during an otherwise lighthearted moment in his standup show Thursday night in London , Ontario , as a woman near the front row got up to go get a drink and Cosby asked her where she was going . The remark is likely to anger his accusers who have demanded he respond to the allegations of sexual abuse against him . Minutes after that incident a heckler was ejected from the performance by police after yelling ` Bill Cosby you 're a rapist ' . During the incident Cosby did not confront the man and encouraged the audience to remain calm and patient . He resumed his comedy show within a few minutes . In a statement released through his public relations firm Cosby says , "  One outburst but over 2600 loyal , patient and courageous fans enjoyed the most wonderful medicine that exist for human-kind . Laughter . I thank you , the theatre staff  Budweiser Gardens  , the event organizers and the London , ON Community for your continued honor and support . I 'm Far From Finished . " More than a hundred protesters gathered outside the performance , some shouting "  shame " and "  Bill Cosby is a rapist . " 2 more women join defamation lawsuit against Cosby Protesters sound off Milena LeDuc was one of the protesters , braving frigid temperatures and asking ticket holders to abandon the show . "  Why would you want to pay to see a rapist ? " she said . "  These are very serious allegations , and I think he 's not taking them seriously and in this day and age these need to be taken seriously , " added protestor Dan Hilton , who said he was once a Cosby fan and considers him a comedy pioneer . Inside the venue , which was about half full , large pictures of Cosby with Nelson Mandela framed the stage . He was warmly greeted and received his second standing ovation in as many nights . Bruce Maslen called the performance awesome and said the protestors and hecklers did n't spoil a thing . "  I do n't believe he 's been charged with anything and at least in this country you 're innocent until proven guilty , " said Maslen . "  Alternative event " held No charges have been filed against Cosby , and his attorneys have vehemently denied the allegations of sexual assault against him made by several women . Thursday night 's performance was the second of three scheduled Canadian performances for Cosby . About a dozen protestors showed up outside of Wednesday night 's show in Kitchener , Ontario , but there were no disruptions during the performance . Hundreds turned out for a so-called "  alternative event " to support and raise money for victims of sexual assault . Sue Gillespie was one of those who attended the "  Voices Carry "  event on Wednesday night . She says the controversy over the allegations against Cosby is an opportunity for communities to help sexual assault victims . "  I think it 's a good opportunity for the community to do something positive . They felt a need to respond and this was a good way to do it . This was a peaceful alternative , " said Gillespie , who runs a community-based mental health charity and advocates for victims of sexual abuse . Phylicia Rashad says she was misquoted	Bill Cosby makes drinking comment to woman during his London , Ontario , show Heckler escorted out after person yelled "  Bill Cosby you 're a rapist " Group of protestors showed up outside the venue Cosby received his second standing ovation in as many nights
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A New York Times reporter who was kidnapped last week was freed Wednesday in a pre-dawn military raid in Afghanistan that left a British commando , an Afghan journalist and several others dead . New York Times reporter Stephen Farrell was abducted Saturday while covering a NATO airstrike in Afghanistan . Stephen Farrell was rescued by NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , known as the ISAF , the British Foreign Office said . A British commando died in the operation , the country 's Ministry of Defense said without offering further details . Sultan Munad , an Afghan journalist accompanying Farrell , also was killed in the raid , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said . Crossfire during the raid also killed a woman and a child , said Abdel Wahid Omar Khil , governor of Kunduz district , in Kunduz province , where the rescue took place . Armed gunmen kidnapped the journalists Saturday while they were covering a NATO airstrike on Taliban forces the day before that killed at least 90 people in the northern Kunduz province . Neither CNN nor the Times had reported Farrell 's kidnapping for security reasons . "  We feared that media attention would raise the temperature and increase the risk to the captives , " the paper quoted Executive Editor Bill Keller as saying Wednesday . Farrell called the newspaper 's foreign editor before dawn and said he was "  extracted " in a commando raid after a fierce firefight , according to a report on the Times Web site . "  There were bullets all around us . I could hear British and Afghan voices , " Farrell , a 46-year-old dual Irish-British citizen , told the paper . Farrell and Munadi ran outside during the firefight . At the end of a wall , Munadi went forward , shouting : "  Journalist ! Journalist ! " but dropped in a hail of bullets , Farrell said . He did n't know whether the shots came from allied or militant fire . "  I saw him go down in front of me . He did not move . He 's dead , " Farrell told the paper . "  He was so close , he was just 2 feet in front of me when he dropped . " Farrell 's citizenship played a role in the British decision to stage the rescue , said a spokesman for the Ministry of Defense . Watch a former British commander on the difficulty in rescuing hostages " "  The obvious link for us is that Farrell is a British national . We want to safeguard the life of one of our citizens , " the spokesman said , declining to discuss operational details of the rescue mission . "  We do n't comment about the actions of British Special Ops forces . " Local Afghans provided information and helped the commandos locate where Farrell was being held , said another British official who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter . He said the judgment to proceed with such an operation "  is always a difficult one , but we think it represented the best chance to save his life . " Brown offered condolences to the families of Munadi and the British commando . Of the commando , Brown said , "  His bravery will not be forgotten . " The operation to rescue the hostages happened after extensive planning and consideration , Brown said . "  Those involved knew the high risks they were running . That they undertook it in such circumstances showed breathtaking heroism , " Brown said . "  Hostage-taking is never justified , and the U.K. does not make substantive concessions , including paying ransoms . But whenever British nationals are kidnapped , we and our allies will do everything in our power to free them . " Ten weeks earlier , another Times reporter escaped after months in Taliban captivity . David Rohde , a local reporter and a driver were kidnapped November 10 outside Kabul . The two reporters escaped on June 19 by climbing over a wall in the compound where they were held for seven months in Pakistan 's North Waziristan region . The driver did not escape , the newspaper said . The death toll in the Kunduz airstrike , which Farrell was covering when he was kidnapped , has varied , depending on the source , but local Afghan officials have said at least half of those killed were civilians . The NATO commander in the area called in the strike Friday as Afghans tried to siphon fuel from two tankers hijacked by the Taliban a day earlier . The Taliban allowed villagers to drain the tankers carrying fuel earmarked for the NATO-led force after they became stuck in the mud when the militants tried to drive them through the Kunduz River . The military thought there were no civilians near the trucks at the time of the attack , the ISAF 's Capt. Elizabeth Mathias said . Farrell , who joined The New York Times two years ago , also was briefly kidnapped in April 2004 in Falluja , Iraq . At the time , he was on assignment for The Times of London . In a separate incident Wednesday , a suicide attack killed at least two civilians and injured several others , including NATO personnel , near the main British military base in southern Afghanistan , the ISAF said . The suicide bomber detonated his explosives vest near a crowd of civilian truck drivers near the entrance of Camp Bastion in volatile Helmand province , the ISAF said . The injured civilians and ISAF personnel were treated at Camp Bastion , which is in Washir District . The casualty count is unclear as an investigation continues . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Local Afghans helped British locate abducted journalist , official says New York Times reporter Stephen Farrell freed in commando raid Afghan journalist killed in raid , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says British commando also killed during raid ; woman , child die in crossfire
CNN  -- A group of former top counternarcotics officials are taking on Attorney General Eric Holder over the Justice Department 's decision to soften its stance on marijuana legalization . Nine former administrators of the Drug Enforcement Administration wrote Holder to criticize the department 's decision not to challenge laws in Colorado and Washington state , which are allowing legal recreational use of marijuana after voter-approved ballot measures . More than two dozen other states and the District of Columbia allow medicinal use of marijuana . The Justice Department last month issued new guidelines to prosecutors intended to focus on more serious trafficking offenses , largely avoiding a conflict with state laws . The federal government still classifies marijuana as one of the most dangerous substances , and it remains illegal under federal law . Buoyed by the Justice Department 's move and by public polls showing increasing voter support , pro-marijuana activists are now looking to the ballot box to legalize marijuana in more states . The nine former DEA chiefs , who span the years of the U.S. Drug War dating to the 1970s , are n't moved by changing public opinion on the issue . In the letter dated Monday , they say they were "  shocked and dismayed " by Holder 's move . "  You took an oath of office , as each of us did , to support and defend the Constitution of the United States , " the former DEA officials say . "  Great harm will be done in Colorado and Washington and throughout the country with the legalization of marijuana . " The Justice Department did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .	Former DEA leaders criticize Justice Department 's approach to legal marijuana in 2 states Ex-chiefs "  shocked and dismayed " at decision to let laws in Colorado , Washington stand Marijuana is still classified as dangerous and is still illegal on federal level , they say
CNN  -- The Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday selected Kansas forward Andrew Wiggins with their third No. 1 overall pick in four years , hoping he can help take the team to the playoffs -- and out of the NBA draft lottery . The Cavaliers ' fortunes went downhill after the departure of LeBron James to the Miami Heat in 2010 . But they 've had flashes of hope -- led by guard Kyrie Irving , a product of Duke University -- and luck , as evidenced by beating the odds to get the draft 's top pick for the second year in a row . A native of Canada , Wiggins played one year at Kansas before opting to leave school and head to the NBA . Duke 's Jabari Parker , another freshman , was selected second overall by the Milwaukee Bucks .	Andrew Wiggins played one year at Kansas before entering the NBA draft Cleveland picked him with its third No. 1 overall pick in the past four years The Milwaukee Bucks select Duke 's Jabari Parker
Elon Musk unveiled his much anticipated plans for the Hyperloop by releasing his 57-page technical white paper titled "  Hyperloop Alpha . " The Hyperloop is intended to become the "  fifth " mode of transportation -- a tube under or over the ground that would transport a dozen or so people in individual pods . The actual size will likely depend on technology , but the idea is to provide exceptionally fast service to the traveling public between cities under 900 miles apart . The innovation could move people from Los Angeles to San Francisco in 30 minutes with the pods traveling up to 800 miles per hour . It all sounds pretty cool and very space age .  Jetsons , anyone ? Is it too good to be true ? Yes , for now . And Musk knows it . But that does n't make the idea any less relevant . The white paper properly draws attention to the future . Indeed , from a layman 's perspective , Musk seems to lay out a plausible path for the applied technology needed to bring the Hyperloop into reality . Recall that steam railroads were almost as pie-in-the-sky before Scottish inventor William Murdoch invented the first workable prototype steam locomotive in 1784 . The idea of propelling humans at "  break neck " speeds of between 25 or 35 miles per hour , let alone 50 miles per hour or more by 1850 , was considered the stuff of fancy . Hyperloop is n't the only transportation idea out there In more contemporary times , stunning transportation infrastructure projects have achieved feats unthinkable until technological breakthroughs made them possible . France 's Millau Viaduct is the tallest bridge in the world , with its roadway suspended 890 feet  270 meters  above the valley of the River Tarn and one of its towers rising to 1,124 feet  343 meters  . But the historical reality is that economic hurdles may prove more important than the technological ones . In the longer term , the Hyperloop will have to deliver a service the traveling consumer will want and be willing to pay for before it can create the revolution Musk envisions . On this point , the Millau Viaduct provides critical insights into what could make the Hyperloop a success . Constructing the bridge was technically impossible just decades earlier , and improvements in technology on the margin slowly made the concept feasible . New developments in materials and computer-controlled construction techniques brought it into the realm of possibility and profitability . The potential profitability may well be the more important element . The bridge was built by a private construction company , Compagnie Eiffage , under a 75-year concession that would be paid by tolls . In other words , the company had enough confidence in the practical benefits of the bridge that it was willing to commit to a half billion to the project . Those practical benefits would have to be paid for by consumers through tolls . Without the tolls , the project would likely not have gotten off the ground , even though it was technologically feasible and it could cut travel times by as much as four hours . Thus , while the Hyperloop may be theoretically if not be technically feasible now , the real long-run hurdle for Musk and the project 's developers will be whether the new transportation system provides a tangible benefit significant enough to a large enough swath of the traveling public that its costs will be justified by the benefits they receive . Hyperloop vs. world 's fastest trains Notably , using similar technology , 12 bridges with higher road decks have been built since the opening of the Millau Viaduct  although it still retains the record as the highest bridge  . Mega-projects are often judged by their technical merits . But these projects need to do more than satisfy the egos of engineers and futurists . Their social impact and practical importance depend crucially on their ability to deliver broad-based benefits in tangible ways that become the foundation for long-term sustainability . Musk has done an admirable job of setting the stage for a useful public discussion . Now we should be more focused on the long-run economic merits of his proposal instead of the short - term technical hurdles .	Elon Musk released a white paper about Hyperloop , a fast mode of transportation Samuel Staley : Hyperloop may sound like science fiction , but it 's probably feasible He says economic hurdles may prove more important than the technological ones Staley : Hyperloop 's existence will depend a lot on what consumers are willing to pay
CNN  -- Matt Sandusky stood in solidarity with his adoptive father , Jerry Sandusky , while a grand jury investigated multiple allegations of child rape against the former Penn State assistant football coach . Matt Sandusky told the grand jury nothing inappropriate had ever happened to him . And he sat with the rest of the family early in Jerry Sandusky 's recent trial . But last week brought a bombshell that shook the proceedings : Matt Sandusky , 33 , was now willing to testify that the man he first met through the Second Mile charity repeatedly molested him while he was a child , according to Matt Sandusky 's lawyers . The revelation kept Jerry Sandusky from taking the stand in his own defense . Sandusky 's son fits pattern of other alleged victims Portions of a 29-minute interview police had with Matt Sandusky during the middle of the trial were broadcast Tuesday on NBC , which obtained the audiotape . Jurors never heard the tape . Detectives asked Matt Sandusky why he was now willing to cooperate . "  I mean for my family so that they can really have closure and see what the truth actually is , " Matt Sandusky said . "  And just to right the wrong , honestly , of going to the grand jury and lying . " In the police interview , Matt Sandusky said that he was molested between the ages of 8 and 15 , that he tried to escape from the Sandusky home and once attempted suicide . "  I know that I really wanted to die at that point and time , " he said , according to the audio obtained by NBC News . Matt Sandusky , a foster child formally adopted at 18 , also described Jerry Sandusky rubbing , hugging and showering with him . "  If you were pretending you were asleep and if you were touched or rubbed in some way you could just act like you were rolling over in your sleep , so that you could change positions , " said Matt Sandusky . The defendant would sometimes rub near and against his genitals , he told police . The potential witness said he could not recall penetration or oral sex . It was only days before the commonwealth rested , and after some alleged victims had testified , according to Matt Sandusky 's lawyers , that he told them he was abused and wanted to cooperate with prosecutors . The younger Sandusky 's willingness to testify as a rebuttal witness created a dilemma for Jerry Sandusky 's defense team . They wanted their client to testify after the jury heard damning testimony from eight alleged victims , but they decided it against it . Attorney : Sandusky to appeal child sex abuse convictions "  To put Jerry on the stand and have Matt come in and testify against him it would destroy any chance of an acquittal , " co-defense counsel Joe Amendola told reporters Friday night after his client was convicted of 45 of 48 sexual abuse charges against him . Amendola said that Jerry Sandusky , 68 , denied ever having inappropriate contact with Matt . By not putting Jerry Sandusky on the stand , the defense ensured that Matt Sandusky would not testify . The younger Sandusky 's attorneys , Justine Andronici and Andrew Shubin , released a statement about the recording . "  This tape demonstrates Matt 's tremendous courage and strength as he begins to disclose that Jerry Sandusky sexually abused him when he was a child , " they said . "  Although the tape was released without Matt 's knowledge or permission , it illustrates that he made the difficult decision to come forward and tell the painful truth to investigators despite extraordinary pressure to support his father . " The audiotape 's leak was the main subject of a meeting hastily called Tuesday by trial Judge John Cleland and attended by prosecutors , defense attorneys and even the judge who has overseen the grand jury that 's investigated the Sandusky case , a source with knowledge of the meeting told CNN National Correspondent Susan Candiotti . No one at the meeting took responsibility for sharing the tape with the media , the source told CNN . Jerry Sandusky 's defense team was asked to turn over its copy of the tape , but it will remain available to them . Cleland ordered that any discovery turned over to the defense in the Sandusky case be sealed unless it was put into evidence at trial . He also said defense attorneys shall give a sworn statement within 10 days as to what materials they received and who they have given it to . The judge is trying to protect the current investigation and the privacy of the victims and witnesses . Neither prosecutors nor defense attorneys , who have vowed an appeal , would comment on Tuesday 's meeting . Matt Sandusky 's grand jury testimony remains a secret . Amendola said months ago he was not concerned about what the man said before the grand jury . Karl Rominger , another defense attorney , had a jailhouse visit with Jerry Sandusky on Monday . "  I 'm innocent , " said Jerry Sandusky , in answer to questions CNN 's Candiotti asked of him through his lawyer . "  I did n't do it , " he said , according to Rominger . Sex abusers prey on kids ' trust , thrive on shame and fear , experts say Rominger says Sandusky was bothered he did n't get to testify . But Jerry Sandusky does n't regret his decision , according to his lawyer . Sandusky , who was allowed Monday to call his wife , Dottie , is not allowed visitors until a psychiatric examination is completed that also will determine whether he remains on suicide watch , according to Rominger . "  Some of the guards are friendly and will talk with him . Others do n't talk to him at all , " according to Rominger . Sandusky is allowed out of the small cell -- which features a toilet , sink and bed -- once a day to take a shower . "  He 's come up with exercises to keep active , " his lawyer told CNN . "  Enough to work up a sweat . " InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	NBC News obtains audiotape of police interview with Matt Sandusky Matt Sandusky was willing to be rebuttal witness in trial of his adoptive father Jerry Sandusky decided not to testify in his own defense Now convicted , he remains under suicide watch at jail
If you 're one of the nearly 20 % of Americans who have taken a cruise , you probably already know that these giant pleasure boats have Formula One simulators , herb gardens , skating rinks , Coach stores and stages featuring sketch comedy from Chicago-born Second City . Not since the old playground taunt "  my dad 's better than your dad " have we seen such gee-whiz , oh-wow one-upmanship . Which makes it tantalizingly fun for cruise customers . Cruise virgins , on the other hand , will likely be surprised by the following finds : Indoor skydiving It 's usually pretty tough to surf , climb a mountain and skydive before lunch . But on Quantum of the Seas , the about-to-launch latest in Royal Caribbean 's fleet , guests can even squeeze in a post-triathlon massage before refueling at Jamie 's Italian  yep , Jamie Oliver  or one of the other 17 restaurants on board . The indoor skydiving takes place in a 23-foot vertical wind tunnel , powered by four giant fans . The mountain climbing  OK , so it 's a climbing wall  and the surf simulator are in SeaPlex , which also has a roller rink and a race track where 30 guests can bump the heck out of each other . Oh , and did we mention the three-story ice bar and the trapeze school ? An Apple Store Celebrity Cruises calls it an iLounge , but it has all the latest Apple products , including a MacBook workstation for checking email and printing boarding passes . Evil Apple geniuses can also teach guests how to create websites , write blogs and turn their photos into artistic presentations . Up to 18 custom classes are offered . Top Chefs Celebrity Cruises is hosting four sailings this year with 13 chef ` testants from the popular "  Top Chef " show . Needless to say , there will be cooking demonstrations , Quickfire challenges and sampling of the creations we 've been drooling over for the past 11 seasons . With cruises to Bermuda , Alaska , the Caribbean , France and Iberia , Celebrity is also dishing up some "  Top Chef " favorites in their restaurants . As mesmerizing as it is to watch Kristen Kish whip up bacon and cinnamon waffles with boysenberry and strawberry jam , imagine playing poker with Hosea Rosenberg . A George Jetson-style observation capsule A 135-foot crane arm will lift an all-glass capsule off the top deck of Royal Caribbean 's new Quantum of the Seas . From sea level , it 's 30 stories tall , roughly the height of the Statue of Liberty . Called the NorthStar Observation Tower , this space-age ride gives bird 's eye views to up to 14 guests at a time . Quantum of the Seas is set to launch this November from New Jersey 's Cape Liberty . Original Picassos If you look closely at the crayoned signature on the lithograph outside the ladies ' room on Deck 5 of the M.S. Riviera , you 'll see the famous painter 's name just below the naked lady and crying cherub . Oceania Cruises has more than 20 Picassos , spanning 41 years of Pablo Picasso 's illustrious career , most of which hang in the Riviera and Marina 's Grand Bars . Also in the collection that American Art Collector called "  stupendous " are works by Joan Miro , celebrated Cuban artists Wifredo Lam and Rene Portocarrero and Damien Hirst , the British phenom who made his name exhibiting a dead 14-foot tiger shark in a tank of formaldehyde . A prankster Neptune OK , so it 's not the real Roman god . But every time a Hurtigruten ship crosses the Arctic Circle , a crew member who does a very good take on King Neptune hosts a circle-crossing ceremony on the top deck . Ultimately , this jokester dumps a ladle of ice water down each passenger 's back . Bowling balls and pins No stale nachos and tacky carpeting at the bowling alleys on Norwegian Cruise Line 's Pearl , Gem and Epic . Although the balls do n't always roll straight when seas are choppy , these six-lane bowling alleys come with all the bells and whistles . Even the retro shoes . Live TV talk shows The "  Wake Show " is a live TV talk show filmed on Deck 7 of the Regal Princess . The first television studio at sea , Princess Live ! features live talks shows , demonstrations and a chance for guests to meet the ship 's entertainers . Coffee , pastries and the morning newspaper are perks enjoyed daily by the 280-guest studio audience of "  Wake Show . " Programming starts at 8 a.m. and continues until midnight . Real grass and trees An entire deck on both the world 's largest ships , Oasis of the Seas and Allure of the Seas , is an open-air park with grass , trees and some 12,000 plants . Royal Caribbean calls these football field-sized parks Central Park  its one of seven distinct neighborhoods on board  and uses a full-time landscaping team to keep it all pruned and looking spiffy . There 's also a sculpture garden , a chess garden and a five-story wall of greens . Elvis Presley impersonators Themed cruises are huge , offering a kind of summer camp for quilters or zombie fans or poker players . Just know that if a particular theme piques your interest , you better act fast . Carnival 's last New Kids on the Block cruise sold out within hours . Elvis Cruises are also perennial favorites on ship lines and even river cruises throughout the world . Expect cocktails named "  Blue Suede Shoes , " fried banana and peanut butter sandwiches and hip-swiveling tribute artists .	Cruise lines are always adding to their array of activities Indoor skydiving is one of a soon-to-be-launched mega-ship 's offerings "  Top Chef " demonstrations and original Picasso artwork are also on view at sea
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed an executive order Monday designed to help reduce a growing number of prescription drug shortages while protecting patients from possible pharmaceutical industry price gouging . Among other things , the order requires the Food and Drug Administration to increase its reporting of possible shortages of certain prescription drugs , while also speeding up regulatory reviews of new drug manufacturing sites , drug suppliers and manufacturing changes . The Justice Department will be tasked with examining whether specific drug shortages are tied to an intentional stockpiling of medications designed to raise prices . Administration officials are also calling on Congress to pass more comprehensive legislation to boost the FDA 's power to address prescription drug shortages . The new steps are part of a highly publicized White House initiative to bolster the economy and help consumers without assistance from a sharply divided Congress . "  The shortage of prescription drugs drives up costs , leaves consumers vulnerable to price gouging and threatens our health and safety , " Obama said in a written statement . "  This is a problem we ca n't wait to fix . " Obama administration officials have also sent a letter to drug manufacturers "  reminding them of their responsibility to report the discontinuation of certain drugs to the FDA , " the statement noted . Drug manufacturers are being encouraged to voluntarily disclose possible prescription drug shortages in instances not currently required by law . Under current law , pharmaceutical companies are only required to announce a decision to stop the manufacture of certain critical drugs if those drugs are available through a single manufacturer , according to the administration . The White House is also directing the FDA to increase the total number of staffers dealing with drug shortage issues . The new executive actions are being taken in response to a growing drug shortfall in the United States . The total number of prescription drug shortages almost tripled from 2005 to 2010 , the White House noted . As the number of shortages has grown , prices have skyrocketed in certain instances . The White House cited an August Premier health care alliance report estimating that the "  typical gray market vendor " jacks up prices by 650 % on average . "  At the extreme , " the White House statement noted , "  a drug used to treat high blood pressure that was normally priced at $ 25.90 was being sold at $ 1,200 due to a drug shortage . " Later , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters the administration will continue to use its executive branch authority to act on a number of fronts without congressional assistance . Democrats have been frustrated by GOP opposition to the president 's $ 447 billion jobs plan , as well as a series of other administration-backed measures . "  One of the reasons why we ca n't wait is because Congress wo n't act , " Carney said . "  As we have said throughout this initiative and in general , the president looks to ways he can use his executive authority to , broadly speaking , help Americans who can be helped through actions that this administration can take . "	Obama order aimed at prescription drug shortages , rising costs The FDA will report more possible shortages , speed up regulatory reviews The Justice Department will examine possible price gouging Obama endorses more comprehensive legislation to deal with the problem
London  CNN  -- There are few people in the world lucky enough to form a close relationship with a Leonardo da Vinci painting . New York-based conservator Dianne Dwyer Modestini is one : She spent hundreds of hours lovingly restoring "  Salvator Mundi , " da Vinci 's newly rediscovered painting of Christ . And , says Modestini , when she finally had to say goodbye to the painting it was like enduring a painful break-up . "  I 'm quite serious , " she said . "  It was a very intense picture and I felt a whole slipstream of artistry and genius and some sort of otherworldliness that I 'll never experience again , " she said . She describes suffering separation anxiety and depression over losing the painting , and with it her connection to the enigmatic painter who was its author . For art historians , the lengthy and emotional process of conserving a great masterwork is both a privilege and an overwhelming responsibility . "  People say , ` How can you touch it , it 's so scary , ' " said Modestini , who is Senior Research Fellow and Paintings Conservator for the Samuel H. Kress Program at the Conservation Center of the Institute of Fine Arts , New York University . "  I was n't frightened of it in those ways -- that it 's one of 16 paintings , it 's worth x amount of dollars -- because I would have been paralyzed , I would n't be able to work like that , " she continued . Of course , when Modestini started work in 2005 , she did n't know she was dealing with the first da Vinci painting to be discovered in over 100 years , worth , according to some estimates , around $ 200 million . The painting , now authenticated , revealed its identity little-by-little during the conservation treatment . Modestini started the process using solvents to clean off some of the murky varnish and over-paint that was concealing the painting 's true identity . Within just a few hours during her first session with it , she was able to see the work much more clearly . "  It 's very mysterious , the things that happen to paintings , " she said of the over-paint job . "  People forget or they begin to doubt the original opinion of the person who originally said it was by Leonardo and particularly if it 's been badly repaired . They might not understand what 's underneath -- it happens to pictures all the time , " she continued . The next step was to take the cracked painting apart and piece it back together again , a procedure that took about a year . "  It is quite a delicate process , " said Modestini . "  It has to be very precise . " Then , she had to make re-touches to the badly damaged areas , refining Christ 's eyes and lips . It was a particularly difficult and lengthy part of the process because , she said , she had "  to make the decision of what to touch and what to leave alone . " "  I wanted  to be sure  that none of my restorations had impinged on the original , that I had not done too much , because old pictures have to look old -- if you take out every crack , every spot , every anomaly , they can easily look like a reproduction , " she said . Larry Keith is the Director of Conservation at the National Gallery in London and responsible for the conservation of da Vinci 's "  The Virgin of the Rocks , " which is in the gallery 's collection . This treatment involved cleaning off the layers of yellow , foggy varnish , applied in a previous restoration process , "  to allow the picture to saturate properly so you can see the full total range of thematic relationships that are there in the painting , " said Keith . The process of cleaning this particular painting took 18 months , he said . It is is now on view at the National Gallery as part of the exhibition "  Leonardo da Vinci : Painter at the Court of Milan " along with "  Salvator Mundi . " He agrees that the job of conserving such a masterpiece is an honor few are lucky to have . "  It 's wonderful to see the picture in a different light and conditions and over the course of a treatment , you do get very close to a picture , " he said . As to whether he felt close to Leonardo da Vinci while working on the painting , he said : "  I suppose you do , in as far as anyone can get close to Leonardo . " "  There 's a certain mystery at the core of him I think , but it 's true , you 're in very close contact for a long time and it 's a very privileged role , " he concluded .	Two recently restored paintings by Leonardo da Vinci on view at London 's National Gallery To treat such a painting is a fraught privilege Process requires patience , care and attention to detail Conservators develop strong bonds with paintings they restore
CNN  -- Firefighters extinguished a blaze in a nuclear submarine early Thursday at a U.S. Navy shipyard in Maine after battling it for hours , according to a statement released by the shipyard . Seven people were injured and were treated either on the scene or at "  a local medical facility , " the statement from the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard read . Among those injured were three firefighters from the shipyard , two ship crew members and two civilian firefighters , who assisted the Navy 's fire crew . Vacuum cleaner blamed for fire on nuclear submarine The USS Miami 's reactor was not operating at any time the fire broke out and remained unaffected and stable throughout , said Capt. Bryant Fuller , commander for the shipyard , which is in Kittery , Maine . The sub was in dock at the shipyard when the blaze began , where it has been "  since early March for an overhaul . " Firefighters first responded to the fire at 5:41 p.m. ET Wednesday . The fire started in a forward part of the ship away from the reactor , affecting "  primarily living areas and command and control spaces , " Fuller said . "  The nuclear propulsion spaces were physically isolated early in the event from the forward compartment fire , " according to the statement . The USS Miami is capable of carrying Tomahawk cruise missiles and Mark 48 torpedoes . No weapons were on board , Fuller said . State , local and federal authorities were notified of the incident . "  The cause of the fire is not known at this time , " Fuller said . "  A full investigation will be conducted . " Portsmouth Naval Shipyard was established on June 12 , 1800 , and is the oldest continuously operating shipyard run by the Navy , according to Gary Hildreth , a public affairs officer for the facility . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire on USS Miami at shipyard in Maine was put out early Thursday NEW : Seven were injured in the submarine blaze The sub 's reactor was not affected , and no weapons were aboard , officials say
Mashable  -- According to documents leaked to Boy Genius Report , AppleCare representatives are being given a strong company line to deliver to unhappy iPhone 4 owners who complain about reception issues . Employees are told to say that the device 's reception performance "  is the best we have ever shipped " and that its critical antenna flaws are "  a fact of life in the wireless world . " They are told not to perform service on iPhones with these problems and instead to give customers a PR-driven recitative instead . These statements are dead ringers for CEO Steve Jobs ' own assertions that the iPhone 4 antenna and reception issues do not , in fact , exist . "  There is no reception issue , " he told one user . But the very fact that this document exists suggests that Apple execs know there is indeed a widespread hardware flaw , even if they 're unwilling to address it publicly at this time . After users complained about iPhone 4 reception problems , Apple released a written statement last week saying , "  Gripping any mobile phone will result in some attenuation of its antenna performance , with certain places being worse than others depending on the placement of the antennas . " An Apple spokesperson said Monday the company would have no further statements on the subject . Apple did not immediately respond Thursday to an e-mail seeking comment on the leaked documents . Outside the reality distortion field , on the other hand , Mashable and many other sites have been able to duplicate the issue being discussed : When held by its sides , which are composed of a metal antenna band , the phone 's reception quality drops dramatically . iPhone owners in our newsroom have seen reception decrease from five to two bars simply from holding the phone with two points of contact between the owner 's hand and the antenna band . One law firm is even preparing for a class-action lawsuit against Apple and is soliciting iPhone 4 customers to contact them about reception issues . Also , while some folks have reported that using a bumper case prevents contact with the antenna band and preserves reception quality , AppleCare reps are being told to not give bumper cases to disgruntled users . Here 's the full text of the document as reported : 1 . Keep all of the positioning statements in the BN handy -- your tone when delivering this information is important . a . The iPhone 4 's wireless performance is the best we have ever shipped . Our testing shows that iPhone 4 's overall antenna performance is better than iPhone 3GS . b. Gripping almost any mobile phone in certain places will reduce its reception . This is true of the iPhone 4 , the iPhone 3GS , and many other phones we have tested . It is a fact of life in the wireless world . c . If you are experiencing this on your iPhone 3GS , avoid covering the bottom-right side with your hand . d . If you are experiencing this on your iPhone 4 , avoid covering the black strip in the lower-left corner of the metal band . e . The use of a case or Bumper that is made out of rubber or plastic may improve wireless performance by keeping your hand from directly covering these areas . 2 . Do not perform warranty service . Use the positioning above for any customer questions or concerns . 3 . Do n't forget YOU STILL NEED to probe and troubleshoot . If a customer calls about their reception while the phone is sitting on a table  not being held  it is not the metal band . 4 . ONLY escalate if the issue exists when the phone is not held AND you can not resolve it . 5 . We ARE NOT appeasing customers with free bumpers -- DO N'T promise a free bumper to customers . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	AppleCare reps are told not to perform service on iPhone 4s with reception problems They are instructed to instead give customers a PR-driven recitative The document 's existence suggests Apple knows there is a widespread hardware flaw One law firm is seeking clients for a possible class-action lawsuit against Apple
CNN  -- In the eyes of the public , the year is ending for Lindsay Lohan in much the same way it began : with an impending court date . At the start of January 2012 , the then 25-year-old actress was on track to receive a positive midmonth progress report on her efforts to complete probation for two drunken driving convictions from 2007 . Yet as we begin a new year , Lohan is scheduled to go before a judge once again on January 15 , this time for a probation violation hearing after her probation stemming from a 2011 shoplifting case was revoked . It 's a cycle that has become all too familiar to even the most casual observers , thanks to the coverage that 's tracked her every car accident , substance abuse struggle and financial problem for not just the past 12 months , but the past five years . Her life and her decisions have become so singularly infamous that even her appearances on "  Saturday Night Live " and "  Glee " earlier this year , pegged as attempts to get her career back on track , poked fun at her turbulent history . And we 've joined in : If there 's news of another Lohan arrest , Twitter is filled with jokes . When the website BuzzFeed puts together a list of those who are having a worse day than the average reader , Lohan 's on there . The pile-up of overwhelmingly negative reactions to her role as Elizabeth Taylor in Lifetime 's "  Liz & Dick " bordered on comical . But the cynical humor is n't wholly unexpected : Since 2007 we 've had front-row seats to 19 court appearances , five rehab stints , one no contest plea to a necklace theft charge and an alleged altercation at a nightclub . By now , Lindsay Lohan has become less of a living , breathing human being than a public punchline . Yet this year , it seems that "  joke " has become as worn out as the saga itself . "  There always comes a point where you are just done . I think that 's really happened to a lot of people with Lindsay because she has n't exhibited any long-term ability to break the pattern of misbehavior , and it 's really disappointing to a lot of people . She 's been given a second , third , fourth chance , and the narrative is very tired , " said E! 's Chief News Correspondent Ken Baker , who referred to the attitude as "  Lindsay fatigue . " In general , public interest has shown signs of that , said celebrity journalist David Caplan of GossipDavid.com . The response to stories about her , he said , is n't as robust as it was when she was a teen star in her "  Mean Girls " era circa 2004 . The reason the coverage does n't go away , much to the annoyance of the frustrated "  Why is this news ?! " readers , is more complicated . For starters , there 's no ignoring the fact that Lohan is still a celebrity in the truest sense of the word , with her currency having less to do with her career than it does with her power of recognition . "  America completely fell in love with her when she looked like this girl next door , and she was cute and had a real talent , " said Us Weekly reporter Jennifer Peros . Although she has been seen more often in court than on screen in recent years , Lohan is still "  a huge name . " With the November TV movie "  Liz & Dick , " "  people were definitely expecting it to bomb , but at the same time , everybody tuned in just to see what she 'd be like . People all over the country were watching that movie on Sunday night . ... If people totally wrote her off , nobody would really care about what she 's doing , " Peros said . "  Anything she does is going to make headlines , and it 's sad . ... I flew out to L.A. to interview her for that big story we did , and just sitting out with her in a public place , people pass by her and take pictures of her for no reason , just because it 's Lindsay Lohan . " At this point , said Caplan , the press is n't going to turn away from a star , particularly one who keeps landing in trouble . "  Lindsay Lohan stories always have the perfect narrative -- there 's drama , there 's conflict , " said Caplan . "  That 's why she gets covered , because she lands in these problems that make the perfect stories . " As a result , she has turned into something of an "  easy target . " "  There always has to be some , and it 's cyclical , " said Caplan . "  There was a time when Mischa Barton was targeted ; earlier this year , it was Amanda Bynes . There 's always a few people , and Lindsay Lohan 's good because she always ends up in these situations . " But these days , Baker said , her pattern of behavior has turned into a kind of reality show the public does n't want to watch . "  I ca n't tell you how many people have said to me over the past few months , ' I really wish she would just go away and get help . ' Whatever it is . We do n't know what her problems are . Those are very personal issues she 's dealing with , " he said . "  And whatever that is , even on just a human level , whether you 're a fan or a journalist or you 're just an impartial observer , you have to want someone to get healthy and take care of themselves . " The encouraging news out of this , added Peros , is that Hollywood is home to plenty of comebacks . "  If a celebrity wants to change the narrative , they can do that by actually changing the behavior , " he said . Since charges were filed against her in November in connection with a car accident that happened last summer , "  we have n't seen anything of Lindsay Lohan , nothing out of control , " Baker said . "  And that says to me that she is capable of controlling her behavior . "	To the public , Lindsay Lohan is ending her year much in the same way it began The star 's personal and professional difficulties have become an all too familiar cycle The coverage has become so commonplace , she 's turned into an easy target Yet this year , the joke seems to have become as tired as the saga itself
Baghdad  CNN  -- Muqtada al-Sadr , the Iraqi Shiite cleric who has been staunchly opposed to the American troop presence in his country since the occupation began last decade , warned against the prospects of a "  challenge " with any U.S. forces that stay in Iraq . "  Go forth from our holy land and go back to your families who are waiting for you impatiently , that you and we , as well , lead a peaceful life together , " said al-Sadr on Tuesday . His Mehdi army militia was a major factor in the sectarian violence that erupted during the height of the war . Al-Sadr issued his statement as Iraq decides whether to request that some of the 47,000 or so troops in Iraq stay beyond a January 1 , 2012 , deadline agreed upon between the two countries . But Iraqi leaders have agreed that the government will begin talking with U.S. officials about leaving U.S. forces inside Iraq on a training mission . "  All political leaders have agreed on the U.S training mission in Iraq except the Sadrists , who have some reservations , " President Jalal Talabani told reporters . That 's unacceptable to al-Sadr , who issued his remarks "  on the basis of the logic of common humanity , in the name of a country in which you have made an incursion for years . " "  Enough of this occupation , terror and abuse . We are not in need of your help . We are able to combat and defeat terrorism , and achieve unity . We are not in need of your bases , your experience and etc. " al-Sadr said . "  Go forth , " he said , "  that we may not enter into a challenge with you or your trainers . " Since 2003 , al-Sadr has had the support of tens of thousands of Shiites , especially the young and impoverished in Baghdad 's slums and the Shiite south . His Mehdi Army has been considered one of Iraq 's most formidable private armies after the fall of Saddam Hussein . Al-Sadr suspended most of its activities in 2007 and 2008 , which dramatically reduced violence in Iraq . In 2008 , al-Sadr announced that most of the militia members would be transitioned into a socio-cultural organization to oppose secularism and Western thought . But Al-Sadr has ratcheted his anti-American rhetoric up in recent months , raising concerns about an increase in violence as Iraq weighs an extension to the U.S. presence . An increase in attacks in recent months against American troops has been blamed on Shiite militias , including the Promised Day Brigade . The U.S. military says the militia is using the bombings to try to take credit for driving forces out of the country . The U.S. military maintains that the Promised Day Brigade and other Shiite militias are backed by Iran , a charge Tehran has long denied . The cleric , who recently returned to Iraq from three years of self-imposed exile , has transformed himself from the leader of the Mehdi Army to a political player . His political bloc has now joined forces with a former rival , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . The al-Sadr movement emerged as one of the kingmakers in Iraqi politics last year when it won 39 parliamentary seats .	Muqtada al-Sadr issues letter to American troops The big question is whether any U.S. troops will remain in Iraq by year 's end Al-Sadr : "  Go forth , that we may not enter into a challenge with you or your trainers "
Libya 's prime minister threatened Saturday night to bomb a North Korean-flagged ship that had entered a rebel-held oil port , calling the ship 's arrival there a "  violation of international law . " Prime Minister Ali Zeidan said if the ship does not follow orders , "  it will be bombed and this could lead to an environmental disaster . " The vessel , dubbed Morning Glory , docked late Friday night in the oil port of As-Sidra . Zeidan said the ship 's captain subsequently was warned by phone , though the captain responded that local militia on board did not allow them to depart . Libyan government officials spoke with diplomats at North Korea 's embassy in Tripoli , Zeidan said . He added that information showed a "  Gulf nation " owned the ship and that it is registered in North Korea . A spokesman for Libya 's National Oil Corporation indicated the tanker was Saudi owned , but Saudi Arabia 's embassy released a statement saying it had nothing to do with the ship . In addition , an arrest warrant has been issued for the oil tanker 's captain and "  the use of armed force , as necessary , " has been authorized , according to Zeidan . The situation speaks to the unsettled situation in the North African nation , which the government is struggling to control more than two years after the ouster of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . In this case , the issue centers around the oil-rich eastern part of the country and one man in particular , Ibrahim Jadran . The militia leader was entrusted by the government to safeguard crucial oil ports . But last July , Jadran and his men seized them , blocking oil exports , and demanded more autonomy and shared revenues for his eastern region . Meet the man holding Libya 's oil hostage "  We used to be part of that government until the corruption became so visible , and the government started to sell oil without measuring units , and after we became certain that such a government is not credible and unable to rebuild the state , " the 32-year-old Jadran told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in January . "  That 's why we declared independence of our province and we started to seek our fair rights . " There is a lot at stake , given the Libyan government 's precarious state and the wealth of natural resources in the country . Libya is thought to have Africa 's largest proven oil reserves . The country produced 1.6 million barrels per day after the revolution only to have that output slow to a relative trickle of fewer than 200,000 barrels per day by the end of last year . The government has said the disrupted oil production , from seizures of ports as well as protests and strikes at other oil facilities , is costing the country $ 130 million a day . Saturday night 's threat against the North Korean-flagged vessel is n't the first time Libya 's government has threatened force against ships that enter the eastern oil ports . On several occasions , authorities have issued ultimatums to such ships , only to have those deadlines come and go with no action .	A North Korean-flagged tanker enters a rebel-held oil port in eastern Libya Prime minister : It "  will be bombed " if the ship 's captain does n't follow orders The captain allegedly said militia on board the vessel did n't let him leave the port Libya has n't been able to profit from its immense oil resources due to instability
CNN  -- A group of 81 migrants held captive in a house in the border city of Reynosa were rescued by Mexican authorities . A tip led state and federal agents to the two-story home where the migrants were held Wednesday . They had been held hostage there for several days , the Tamaulipas state public ministry said . All but one of those rescued are Central Americans , the public ministry said . Men and women were among the captives , 39 from Honduras , 38 from Guatemala , three from El Salvador and one Mexican , the ministry said . The migrants told authorities that they were attempting to enter the United States illegally . The unidentified kidnappers escaped , the public ministry said . Mass kidnappings of this sort are not unheard of . It is one of the many risks that Central American migrants face as they traverse Mexico . In June , 52 migrants were rescued from another home in Reynosa . That same month , 165 migrants were rescued from the city of Gustavo Diaz Ordaez , also in Tamaulipas state . Reynosa sits right on the U.S.-Mexico border , near McAllen , Texas . In Mexico , Central American immigrants under fire	81 kidnap victims were rescued Wednesday in northeast Mexico All but one of the victims are from Central America The group said they were migrants wanting to cross into the United States
CNN  -- Justine Henin booked her place in the third round of the Australian Open after she claimed a 7-5 7-6  8-6  victory over fifth seed Elena Dementieva in Melbourne on Wednesday . The Belgian , who won the tournament in 2004 , came through an enthralling clash which lasted two hours 50 minutes at the Rod Laver Arena . Henin , who is playing in her first Grand Slam event since she ended her 20-month retirement from tennis , took the first set but Russian Dementieva hit back in an enthralling second set to take a 4-2 advantage . Wildcard Henin then broke back to take the next three games and the match went to tie-break but Dementieva was unable to take the match into a third set as Henin clinched victory with a fierce volley . After the match Henin admitted it was exactly the kind of match which vindicated her decision to return to competitive tennis . "  It 's great feeling . It 's magical to win this kind of match in this kind of atmosphere , " Henin told reporters in the post-match press conference . "  It was a great match . It was very emotional for me on the court at the end because there was so much intensity . To play this kind of match in the second round , for me , after two years off in a Grand Slam , it 's just the kind of situation that I needed , "  The crowd gave me so much . So respectful at the end . It was a special night tonight . That 's why I probably came back on the tour , was to live this kind of matches . " Blog : Belgians lead the way in Melbourne Henin will now play another Russian in 27th seed Alisa Kleybanova with a potential quarterfinal on the horizon against compatriot Kim Clijsters who came through in straight sets - 6-3 , 6-3 - against Thai veteran Tamarine Tanasugarn . Fellow Belgian Wickmayer continued her recent good form by knocking out Italian 12th seed Flavia Pennetta 7-6  7-2  6-1 . Elsewhere , third seed Svetlana Kuznetsova recorded a 6-2 6-2 victory over fellow Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova while Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki overcome a nervy first set against Canadian Aleksandra Wozniak to win 6-4 6-2 . Seventh seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus cruised to a routine 6-2 6-0 victory over France 's Stephanie Cohen-Aloro while Russian Vera Zvonareva eased past Slovakian Kristina Kucova by the same margin .	Justine Henin booked her place in the third round of the Australian Open after she claimed a 7-5 7-6  8-6  victory over fifth seed Elena Dementieva . Fellow Belgian Kim Clijsters came through in straight sets - 6-3 , 6-3 - in her clash with Thai veteran Tamarine Tanasugarn . Third seed Svetlana Kuznetsova recorded a 6-2 6-2 victory over fellow Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova .
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenza kickstarted his MotoGP title defense on Sunday as he won the Italian Grand Prix for the third year in a row . The Spanish motorcyclist overtook pole sitter Dani Pedrosa at the first corner at Mugello and never surrendered the lead as he trimmed his rival 's championship advantage to 12 points after five races . "  I knew it was going to be a really hard race because it got much hotter than it had been in the morning , " Lorenzo told the MotoGP website . "  Dani was following me for about 13 laps , but on the 13th I pushed a little bit more -- to be about three-tenths faster -- and it seems he gave up a little bit , so it was much easier from then . " Pedrosa had to fight off his rookie Honda teammate Marc Marquez , who dropped to third in the standings after suffering another one of the crashes that had marred his practice and qualifying sessions -- and this time ended his race . Pedrosa claimed second place ahead of Britain 's Cal Crutchlow , with German rider Stefan Bradl fourth to match his best career result . "  I did n't feel fully comfortable in the race today , but I 'm happy because I was able to gain a large number of points , " said Pedrosa , who had won the two previous races in his native Spain and France , and was second at Mugello last year . "  In general , this was a difficult weekend . The back tire was giving me a lot of problems with grip but taking 20 points from this race and maintaining the lead the World Championship is something positive . " Marquez had been aiming to become the first newcomer to finish on the podium in the first five races of a season , but he suffered his seventh crash since stepping up to motorcycling 's elite division . "  After three difficult days of setbacks and hard work , I finally felt good during the race , " said the 20-year-old , who dropped 26 points behind Pedrosa . "  I do n't fully understand why I crashed , as I lost both the front and the back at the same time and was unable to save it . It 's clear that we made a mistake , but we ca n't go looking for excuses . "  We ca n't forget that this is my first year in the class and I am here to learn how things are in MotoGP . In spite of everything we were still fighting for second place , which is a reason to be happy . " Lorenzo 's Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi was another casualty , with Italy 's seven-time world champion retiring only three corners into the race after being hit by Alvaro Bautista . Rossi 's previous team Ducati gave the home fans something to cheer as Andrea Dovizioso , Nicky Hayden and Michele Pirro were fifth , sixth and seventh respectively . The sixth race of 18 this season is the Catalunya Grand Prix in Barcelona in a fortnight .	World motorcycling champion Jorge Lorenzo wins at Mugello for third successive year He closes gap on fellow Spaniard Dani Pedrosa , who repeats last year 's second place Pedrosa 's Honda teammate Marc Marquez misses out on history after crashing Lorenzo 's Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi was an early casualty at his home track
CNN Student News  -- March 28 , 2014 Today on CNN Student News , we 'll report on a historic meeting between a president and a pope . We 'll also explore several reasons why breakfast is going to cost more in the months ahead . We 'll describe what it 's like to search by plane over a remote part of the Indian Ocean , and we 'll detail the heroics of firefighters in Boston . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What sources might you consult for a story about food prices ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What symbol on the British flag combines designs from English , Scottish and Irish flags ? 2 . What procedure was 16-year-old Alex Norwood able to perform on an umpire that may have helped save his life ? 3 . In what West African nation are officials trying to control an outbreak of the deadly virus Ebola ? 4 . What is the term for a company 's first sale of stock to the public ? 5 . What state 's governor declared a state of emergency , with dozens of people missing after a massive landslide ? 6 . What university 's football players were told by a regional labor board that they could unionize ? 7 . What kind of fish is a California hatchery transporting down river by truck to help it migrate ? 8 . With what world leader did President Obama meet in Vatican City ? 9 . Many of the planes searching for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 are flying out of Perth , a city located in what country ? 10 . What iconic comic book crime fighter is celebrating his 75th birthday ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Denise Garrido seemed stunned when she was announced the winner of Miss Universe Canada on Saturday . The 26-year-old , who has a black belt in taekwondo and a degree in biomedical sciences , waved to the crowd in Toronto before being surrounded by the 56 other contestants . At one point she had trouble keeping her crown on ; she got some help to keep it stabilized . It would n't stay on for long . The next day , the organization that operates the pageant -- which chooses the country 's contestant for the Miss Universe competition -- announced it had made a mistake . Garrido was third runner up . The winner was actually Riza Santos , 26 , who has served in the Canadian military and studied engineering . "  It was definitely shocking , " Garrido said on CNN 's "  Starting Point " Wednesday . "  You go through this complete high and your entire family , your town is all celebrating , wishing you congratulations . And then 24 hours later , you 're told , ` Oh , by the way . ' " But , she added , "  Things happen for a reason . And I really wanted to win Ms. Universe Canada , and I won Ms. Universe Canada . It may not have ended exactly as I had hoped for , but  for  24 hours I was Ms. Universe Canada , and now Riza gets to share in on this experience and she gets one fantastic year ahead of her . " The two women appeared live on CNN from different locations in what they said was their first conversation since the mix-up was announced . "  I do n't feel like I missed out , " Santos said of the experience she did n't get to have : the televised moment of victory . "  After Denise was crowned I was disappointed , because I felt like I did well in the competition , but I know Denise as a person and I was happy for her genuinely . " "  I feel bad that I took away that moment from her , " Garrido said . "  But at the same time , Riza , I am glad that we kind of share this bonding experience . " The two said they 've known each other for a couple of years . "  I 've always known you to be a person of integrity and just a respectful , positive person , " Santos responded . "  I thank you so much for your graciousness during this time . " The day after the competition , when officials were validating the scoring results , "  a typo was discovered in the top 5 entries , which significantly impacted the final results of the competition , " Beauties of Canada said on its website . "  This is an unfortunate circumstance where a human error was made , and in such a situation , as difficult as it is , it is only right to correct the error . " In a separate statement , the organization offered Garrido a "  sincere apology , " adding , "  We have no doubt she will continue to succeed in her endeavors and we wish her well . " Garrido has n't yet decided on her next step . "  Probably education , masters , med school , " she told CNN . "  Who knows what the future holds for me right now . " Santos said discovering that she had won "  and I had this opportunity to represent Canada on the world stage was a huge honor for me and very humbling at the same time . " Last year , the same competition made international headlines over a transgender contestant who was ultimately allowed to take part .	Denise Garrido , 26 , was mistakenly named the winner Riza Santos , 26 , actually won , the pageant says The organization blames a typo that "  significantly impacted the final results "
After years of controversy , the latest version of the "  psychiatric bible " -- the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -- has been released . The DSM-5  fifth edition  's introduction , over the weekend at the American Psychiatric Association 's annual meeting , marks "  the end of more than a decade 's journey in revising the criteria for the diagnosis and classification of mental disorders , " the association says on the DSM-5 website . The manual includes the criteria used by mental health professionals to diagnose patients . It 's also used by insurance companies , schools and other agencies responsible for covering and creating special provisions for individuals with developmental or mental disorders . The overhaul -- the first for the DSM since 1994 -- has not come without opposition from activists , some grass-roots organizations and even the National Institute of Mental Health , which last month said it was launching a project aimed at laying the foundation for a new classification system and would be "  re-orienting its research away from DSM categories . " Are we over-diagnosing mental illness ? Here are five ways the DSM changes may affect you : Bereavement or depression ? Previously , clinicians were advised against diagnosing major depression in people within two months after the death of a loved one : the "  bereavement exclusion . " The DSM-5 removes the exclusion , a move the psychiatric association says "  helps prevent major depression from being overlooked and facilitates the possibility of appropriate treatment including therapy or other interventions . " Research has shown that for some people , the death of a loved one can precipitate major depression -- much like other stressors such as losing a job , the association says on the DSM-5 website . But "  bereavement is the only life event and stressor specifically excluded from a diagnoses of major depression " in previous manuals . Binge eating is officially an eating disorder Binge eating was approved as its own category of eating disorder in the DSM-5 . It 's defined as "  recurring episodes of eating significantly more food in a short period of time than most people would eat under similar circumstances , with episodes marked by feelings of lack of control . " According to the association , the move is aimed at "  increasing awareness of the substantial differences between binge eating disorder and the common phenomenon of overeating . While overeating is a challenge for many Americans , recurrent binge eating is much less common , far more severe , and is associated with significant physical and psychological problems . " Binge drinkers may be diagnosed as mild alcoholics The revised DSM collapses the medical distinction between problem drinking and alcoholism . Some experts say this could lead college binge drinkers , for example , to be mislabeled as alcoholics , a diagnosis that may follow them into adulthood . Prior DSM editions included "  alcohol abuse , " along with the more serious "  dependence . " However , the DSM-5 will make "  alcohol use disorder " a single condition . "  The field of substance abuse and addiction has witnessed an explosion in important research in the past two decades , " said Dr. David Kupfer , chairman of the DSM-5 Task Force , in a February statement . The changes "  reflect the best science in the field and provide new clarity in how to diagnose these disorders . " Asperger 's syndrome becomes autism spectrum disorder The proposal to group Asperger 's and other developmental conditions together generated a flurry of comments and concerns . In 2010 , when the change was proposed , the Asperger 's Association of New England , a nonprofit organization with more than 3,000 members , wrote a letter to the American Psychiatric Association emphasizing that Asperger 's should remain separate . But "  the revised diagnosis represents a new , more accurate , and medically and scientifically useful way of diagnosing individuals with autism-related disorders , " the national group says on the DSM-5 website . The work group that recommended the change "  believes a single umbrella disorder will improve the diagnoses of ASD without limiting the sensitivity of the criteria , or substantially changing the number of children being diagnosed . " In a statement on its website Tuesday , the New England association assures its members , "  regardless of your diagnosis or label , we will continue to provide a gathering place where members of the Asperger 's community can connect to one another . " Doctor : Why we 're making changes to autism diagnosis Being transgender no longer a mental disorder The DSM-5 eliminates the term "  gender identity disorder , " which mental health specialists , along with lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender activists , had considered stigmatizing . It refers to "  gender dysphoria , " which focuses attention only on those who feel distressed by their gender identity . "  I think it 's a significant change , " Jack Drescher , a member of the psychiatric association group that recommended the change , said late last year . "  It 's clinically defensible , but it reduces the amount of stigma and harm that existed before . " Homosexuality was removed from the DSM in 1973 , a move he believes changed global views . Some LGBT activists applauded the change , while others have questioned whether it goes far enough .	The new Diagnostic and Statistical Manual was released over the weekend The "  psychiatric bible " overhaul has not been without controversy Autism , binge eating and drinking and grief will all see changes in the new manual
CNN  -- Chinese authorities were explicit : Tear down the nation 's first sex-themed amusement park before it gets going full steam . Visitors catch a glimpse of Love Land , billed as China 's first-ever sex theme park , in southwest China . Love Land had not opened its doors yet , but authorities in the city of Chongqing -- a sprawling metropolis on the banks of the Yangtze River -- got all hot and bothered over the park 's plans to display naked human sculptures , giant replica genitals and a photo gallery on the history of sex , the state-run China Daily reported . Lu Xiaoqing , park manager , told the newspaper he got the idea for building Love Land after a visit to a sex park in Jeju , a popular destination in South Korea . Love Land would include sex-technique workshops and sex education to help adults "  enjoy a harmonious sex life , " Lu said . "  Sex is a taboo subject in China , but people really need to have more access to information about it , " he told the newspaper . "  We are building the park for the good of the public . " Whatever Lu 's intentions , the newspaper said Chinese officials saw it another way : "  vulgar , ill-minded and misleading . " The park was to open in October but was demolished over the weekend -- thongs , replicas of derrieres and all . Reactions posted on the Internet were varied , according to the China Daily . Some thought sex was best left behind closed doors , while others argued that a real need for sex education existed in China . "  Sex is a matter of privacy . It is not for publicity , " said Xia Xueluan , a sociology professor at Beijing University . The officials in Chongquing apparently agreed .	Love Land was to display giant replica genitals and photo gallery on history of sex The park was to include sex-technique workshops and sex education Reactions posted on the Internet were varied , according to the China Daily
Israel is fighting to block rockets from striking its major population centers , deploying its Iron Dome missile defense system to intercept them . By Wednesday afternoon , since the start of Operation Protective Edge , the Israel Defense Forces said missiles from the system had intercepted 56 rockets fired out of Gaza , preventing strikes in Jerusalem , Tel Aviv , Ashdod , Ashkelon , Kiryat Gat and elsewhere . More than 250 rockets have been fired out of Gaza toward Israel in that time , the IDF said . Israel uses the Iron Dome system only against rockets headed toward populated areas . If one appears to be headed for an empty field , the dome does not activate . The system is a centerpiece of Israel 's defense strategy . How does it work ? The name Iron Dome evokes an image of a protective bubble over a city . In practice , it targets incoming rockets and fires an interceptor missile to destroy them in the air . Each battery has a firing-control radar to identify targets . It also has a portable missile launcher . The system is easily transportable , with just a few hours needed to relocate and set up . The missile is highly maneuverable . It is 3 meters , or almost 10 feet , long ; has a diameter of about 6 inches  15 centimeters  ; and weighs 90 kilograms , or 198 pounds , the security analysis group IHS Jane 's said in 2012 . The warhead is believed to carry 11 kilograms , or 24 pounds , of high explosives , IHS Jane 's said . Its range is from 4 kilometers to 70 kilometers , or 2 1/2 miles to 43 miles . Iron Dome confronts multiple threats simultaneously , in all weather conditions , the military said . Israel credits "  breakthrough technology " and the system 's radar . "  The radar detects a rocket launch and passes information regarding its path to the control center , which calculates the predicted point of impact , " the IDF said . "  If this location justifies an interception , a missile is fired to intercept the rocket . The payload of the interceptor missile explodes near the rocket , in a place that is not expected to cause injuries . " What are the origins ? Israel began developing the ground-based system in 2007 . After a series of test flights in 2008 and 2009 , the first deployment of a battery occurred in southern Israel in 2011 . The Israel Air Force reported an interception success rate of 70 % in 2011 , IHS Jane 's said . Is the United States involved in Iron Dome ? Yes . The initial development was solely by Israel 's defense technology company Rafael , but the system has since been heavily sponsored by the United States . In 2014 , the United States provided $ 235 million for Iron Dome research , development and production , according to the Congressional Research Service . "  This is a program that has been critical in terms of providing security and safety for Israeli families , " President Obama has said of Iron Dome . "  It is a program that has been tested and has prevented missile strikes inside of Israel . " Each Iron Dome battery costs $ 50 million , IHS Jane 's said . A missile costs at least $ 62,000 , Israeli officials said . Other countries have expressed interest in buying the system , including the United States , South Korea and several NATO countries in Europe with military forces in Afghanistan , The Jerusalem Post has reported .	Israel uses the Iron Dome system only against rockets headed toward populated areas The system confronts multiple threats simultaneously , in any weather , the military says Each battery has a firing-control radar to identify targets and a portable missile launcher The interceptor missile explodes near the incoming rocket
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. military is updating plans to potentially evacuate U.S. Embassy personnel from Yemen in the wake of rising violence and uncertainty about the security situation in that country , CNN has learned . Any military involvement in an evacuation would come only after the U.S. ambassador requests help , something which has not yet happened . However , this week , defense and State Department officials confirmed there have been a series of conversations between the Pentagon and State Department about how long U.S. diplomats can safely stay in Yemen . "  We are poised to act if it becomes necessary to get people out , " the defense official said . "  If you ask me do I think it 's more likely now , the answer is yes . " A State Department official said there is always planning in place , "  but no decisions have been made . " "  The situation could change tomorrow or the next day , so I do n't want to say we never will , but for now it is not in the cards , " the State Department official said . A U.S. defense official with direct knowledge of the planning confirmed the details to CNN but declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter . While the Pentagon has been keeping a close eye on the deteriorating security situation in Yemen for weeks , several defense officials tell CNN that in the last few days , concern has grown . Al Qaeda member killed in Yemen strike , official says General threats Terrorists have made general threats against the U.S. Embassy and personnel in Yemen , including the ambassador , but the United States does not have any actionable information about a specific or credible threat , State Department officials said Tuesday . Last weekend , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  claimed it planted two explosive devices at the residence of Yemen 's President to target U.S. Ambassador Matthew Tueller who was expected there for a meeting , according to an online statement posted by the terror group and unearthed by SITE Intelligence Group . The explosives were discovered before detonation . But defense and State Department officials said they have no indication so far there was an attack truly aimed at the ambassador . "  There are threats against everybody , " a senior State Department official said . "  The U.S. Embassy , the ambassador , all of our employees . But there is nothing actionable . " The State Department officials described the threats "  aspirational in nature , " rather than a specific or credible plan to attack U.S. facilities or personnel . "  We get a lot of these threats , " another official said . "  We look , check and decide whether there is something actionable . If there were some time to act upon we would . But there is nothing . " Embassy staff reductions The State Department has at times this year ordered a reduction in the number of embassy personnel . One State Department official said the reduction of staff was "  marginal , " with less than a quarter of the personnel sent to other countries in the region until the situation in Yemen improved . The ambassador is still in the country , and several dozen heavily armed Marines continue to guard the embassy . "  There is a lot of turmoil there , so we took a few people out and made adjustments -- but this is nowhere near a major reduction , " the State Department official said . The major concern for the military is whether the violence has grown to the point that the embassy personnel can not safely stay , and that there may be only limited ways of getting them out of Yemen . There have been clashes between rebel groups and Yemen government forces around the airport in the capital , Sanaa . Contingency plans The updated evacuation plans could include the use of U.S. Marines and helicopters stationed on the amphibious warship USS Makin Island off the coast of Yemen . If an evacuation was ordered , and there was continued fighting around the airport in Sanaa that would make it impossible for diplomats to leave on commercial planes , the Marines could be called in , a defense official said . The defense officials who spoke with CNN acknowledge that as part of the discussions about whether and how long the diplomats can safely remain in Yemen , there is also internal discussion about the key issue of trying to keep a U.S. presence even after an evacuation that can continue to work with the Yemeni government and military on fighting AQAP , the al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen . If the United States were forced to even temporarily shutter the embassy there , its ability to monitor and conduct counterterrorism efforts would be significantly reduced , one of the defense officials said .	Al Qaeda in Arabian Peninsula said it planted devices at Yemen President 's home The U.S. ambassador was expected for a meeting there U.S. military is concerned about clashes near the airport in Sanaa
CNN  -- When the doors opened onto WABC 's New York studios after the televised Democratic mayoral debate Tuesday night , reporters rushed in to surround two people . The first was Public Advocate Bill de Blasio -- in first place , according to a Quinnipiac University poll released earlier in the day . But the larger crowd was surrounding Anthony Weiner , the former congressman who is polling in fourth place and who spent much of the night being ignored by his rivals . Weiner may have turned his once-promising campaign into a disaster with the recent fresh crop of sexting revelations , but he has not ceased being the star of the campaign , much to his rivals ' chagrin . Weiner is now reaching for a silver lining from the scandal that has cost him dearly in the polls and sealed off whatever long-shot chances he had at victory . He 's taking all the unflattering , pun-filled stories about him and saying "  that 's what it 's like to be mayor . " He 's turning his unflattering press into evidence of his mettle . So , the more fights with the media , the more chances he has to say he 's independent , he 's fighting , he 's ready for City Hall . Last week , he mocked a British reporter 's accent during an impromptu interview outside a public housing building where he was campaigning . Their exchange ended with him giving an unsolicited weather report to viewers in Britain .  "  It 's gon na be raining , cloudy and gray . So do what you can , guys , " he said . While being mayor of New York is indeed akin to being in the eye of a media storm , what 's happening to candidate Weiner is different . Opinion : Hey Weiner , New York does n't like to look stupid He omitted a key detail in the redemption story that he brought to the race : Weiner continued sexting after resigning from Congress and tearfully telling the public how much pain it had caused his wife and those close to him . That is what is at the heart of the criticism . It 's not the newness of the details but rather the newness of the facts . But for a candidate who is less than a month away from the primary , there is little to do but continue . He has a reputation to salvage , issues to push and campaign money to spend . So , given the circumstances , the bad-news-is-proof-I 'm - ready argument may be Weiner 's only argument . And so , in a live interview with BuzzFeed Editor Ben Smith on Monday , Weiner fielded questions about his sexting scandal and the role his wife may play in an expected Hillary Clinton presidential campaign , and he accused the New York Times of "  never " liking him , because of his independence .  In 2008 , after an unflattering story about his frequent staff changes , Weiner told me the Times had become "  tabloidy . " Hours before Tuesday 's debate , Weiner 's campaign released a video showing the candidate happily announcing that he does n't care what the New York Post or Daily News say about him , because he 's so independent from them . When Weiner launched his campaign in late April , it was viewed largely as an effort to rehabilitate his image after his 2011 scandal and resignation from Congress . Nobody wants the last words on this career to be "  sex scandal , " "  resignation " or "  disgrace . " But Weiner has lost ground since his scandal resurfaced ; just last month , polls had him leading the Democratic field . Opinion : Will ` sexters ' give Weiner a pass ? On Tuesday night , Weiner tried painting the rivals on stage with him as all coming from the same political establishment that has long governed New York . About halfway through the debate , Weiner said , "  My fellow New Yorkers , this is the problem , " referring to his rivals , who had just been arguing with one another on stage . "  You know they all come from basically the same place ; they 've been part of municipal government for decades now . They 've all been part of it : a comptroller , a former comptroller , a public advocate , a speaker . They 're from the same place . " He told viewers that if they wanted someone to "  stop this noise , " he was their candidate . "  Not for nothing , " countered City Council Speaker Christine Quinn , "  you were in government your whole career until you had to resign from government , so I 'm not sure why you 're finger-pointing at people in government . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Azi Paybarah .	Azi Paybarah : Weiner falling in polls but still draws most attention ; trying to leverage that He says Weiner slamming press , using media criticism to show he 's ready to be NY mayor He says media criticism is n't over old details of sexting but new revelations Weiner kept doing it Paybarah : With primary looming , painting himself as independent may be his best shot
One man died trying to escape a burning ferry in the Adriatic Sea on Sunday afternoon , and hundreds more were awaiting rescue as night fell on the beleaguered vessel . Rescue crews worked into the night to airlift passengers by helicopter from the Italian-flagged Norman Atlantic , which caught on fire Sunday morning off the coast of Greece . In the early hours of Monday morning , the Italian Coast Guard confirmed that 201 people had been rescued . It 's believed 276 are still on board the burning vessel . The fire has been contained , but smoke and weather conditions hindered extracting passengers in metal baskets from the ferry . They are being transported to merchant ships and an Italian Navy transport dock , from where they will eventually continue on to the Italian port of Brindisi or hospitals . Passengers suffering from smoke inhalation and hypothermia will be brought to hospitals in southern Italy , the Italian Coast Guard said . With rescue efforts under way , the focus of Italian and Greek media is shifting to the cause of the blaze , which is believed to have started in the ship 's parking bay . At least one truck driver told the Greek news media that trucks filled with oil were "  packed like sardines , " cargo scraping the ceiling , which could have set off sparks in rough seas to start a fire , he surmised . Those remaining on board awaited rescue on the upper deck -- "  dying of cold and suffocating from the smoke " even as their feet were "  burning " from the fire 's heat , said a Greek passenger who called Italy 's state broadcaster RAI TV . The disaster made national headlines in Greece , Italy and other countries with citizens aboard the ferry . In a Sunday morning public address , Pope Francis offered "  affection and prayers " to those affected by the Norman Atlantic ferry fire as well as a collision in the Adriatic Sea between two merchant ships . Thick clouds of smoke enveloped the vessel earlier Sunday as rescuers awaited an opportunity to approach . At least eight ships were deployed , but heavy winds and freezing waters kept them at bay , making evacuation by air the only feasible option . Turkish diplomatic personnel are heading to Igoumenitsa , the likely port for evacuated passengers , according to a Turkish Foreign Ministry statement . Turkish citizens were among the passengers , with Greeks and Italians making up the majority .	Number rescued climbs to 201 ; there are 276 still on board At least one person is dead after jumping off Norman Atlantic ferry The Norman Atlantic was carrying almost 500 people and more than 200 vehicles Heavy winds and rough waters hindered rescue efforts
CNN  India 's highest court has reversed a controversial law that gave the authorities sweeping powers to arrest and potentially jail people for comments posted on social networks and other Internet platforms . The Supreme Court ruled that Section 66A of the 2008 Information Technology Act was "  unconstitutional " and "  hit at the root of liberty and freedom of expression , the two cardinal pillars of democracy . " Under Section 66A , alleged offenders could face up to three years in jail for posting material that is "  grossly offensive , " has "  menacing character , " -- or perhaps even more ambiguously -- causes "  annoyance or inconvenience . " The court said this wording was "  vague " and could be "  misconstrued , " according to Ranjeeta Rohatgi , an advocate who was present at the hearing in Delhi Tuesday . India 's cyber laws have ignited a furious debate about curbs on freedom of speech in recent years . In 2012 , a university professor was arrested for circulating a cartoon that poked fun at West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee . The cartoon , which was a parody of a scene in a popular Indian movie , went viral on social media . He was charged with a range of offenses including defamation , insulting a woman and sending offensive messages from a computer . Mahapatra called the charges a misuse of the law "  in the name of surveillance , to curb democratic rights , freedom of speech and human rights of common people . " A year earlier , Delhi went one step further with its digital crackdown when the so-called "  intermediary guidelines " implicated web platforms themselves . The rules now require Internet companies to take down any content seen as "  disparaging , " "  blasphemous , " or "  defamatory " within 36 hours of a user submitting a formal request for removal . In Mumbai , India 's financial center , police spokesman Dhananjay Kulkarni told CNN in February that some 650 posts and pages were blocked last year under these regulations . Google says in the last half of 2013 it removed 540 items from its pages in compliance with orders issued by Indian courts , government agencies , and law enforcement . It 's a similar story with Facebook . The social networking site took down nearly 5,000 pieces of content reported by the Indian government in the first half of 2014 . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Kunal Sehgal in Delhi , as well as Mackenzie Sigalos in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Supreme Court rules Section 66A of the 2008 Information Technology Act was "  unconstitutional " Offenders previously faced up to three years in jail for posting "  grossly offensive " material Court said this wording was vague and was misused by police
CNN  -- When U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk made his closely-watched walk up the 45 Capitol steps Thursday , his progress was slowed more by all the well-wishers than by the fact that he had to re-learn how to walk this past year . The 53-year-old Republican from Illinois suffered a massive stroke last January . He underwent three separate brain surgeries at Northwestern University Hospital . Then he started an intensive kind of physical therapy at the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago , including a nine-week long mobility study . "  It 's impressive to watch him , especially when you have a guy who was so impaired when he began , " said George Hornby , a research scientist and director of research for RIC 's AbilityLab , the unique program which treated Kirk . After enrolling in a research study , he soon began walking about 3,600 steps a day . Senator makes emotional return to Capitol after stroke "  It was a very high-intensity program and we kept pushing him . We even had him on the StairMaster -- even I hate doing the StairMaster at the gym , " Hornby said . Overall , the exercise regimen could be difficult for even the most able-bodied person . But by July 12 , Kirk was able to walk without a cane or harness . In November , he even walked up 37 stories to get to the top of Chicago 's tallest skyscraper for a fundraiser . Kirk 's inability to walk at first following his stroke is typical . Only 37 % of survivors are able to walk in their first week after suffering a stroke , according to a Duke University study . Even patients with mild to moderate impairment experience falls . Some 73 % of stroke patients fall at least once due to the stroke 's lingering effects , according to the study . People with less mobility can experience increased vascular risk factors due to lack of exercise that can lead to diabetes or even further strokes . In the past , doctors were n't entirely sure how much stroke patients should push themselves physically . Still today , only half of the 800,000 people who suffer strokes annually receive any kind of rehabilitation , according to Janet Bettger , a stroke expert at the Duke University School of Nursing . But studies show there is an immediate need for physical therapy and exercise . "  There was a time when we did n't think people should try moving right away , and there was a time when we were n't sure people really should be pushing themselves physically , " Bettger said , "  but we 've seen people make remarkable progress with therapy . " Robotic system may help stroke patients Research suggests rehabilitation work should start in the acute care hospital as early as 24 to 48 hours after a stroke . "  That 's where we see the best outcome and the most opportunity because the brain is still adapting to the injury then , " Bettger said . Each stroke is different , so therapy must be tailor-made to that individual . Kirk 's stroke impacted the right side of his brain , which affected his left arm , left leg and the left side of his face . He underwent therapy that targeted the mobility of his arm . Speech therapy improved the challenges he had talking because of the impact the stroke had on his face . And then there was his intensive walking therapy . The walking program was different than standard physical therapy , according to Hornby . In standard physical therapy , a patient does a lot of stretching and then goes through different physical steps like sitting and standing before they try and walk . "  In this case we said , ` Forget those stepping stones . Let 's go ahead and walk him and all the posture and control will get better , ' " Hornby said . "  It was a novel approach and it worked . " Kirk was an extremely determined patient . Not all are , according to Hornby . "  If people are not horribly determined , though , we have ways of tricking them . People are motivated differently . It 's not unlike being a coach on a sports team -- you just have to relate to a person and figure out what gets them moving , but the important thing is to get them moving . " Physical rehabilitation ca n't "  cure " a person completely . Kirk will continue to use a four-pronged cane like the one he used on the Capitol steps . He will use a wheelchair for longer distances . But Bettger said the attention paid to Kirk 's story should help other stroke patients . "  After intense therapy , I 've seen some people ski and run marathons , " Bettger said . "  Seeing immense progress like this should give people real hope . "	U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk walks up 45 Capitol steps He suffered a massive stroke last January Only half of stroke patients actually receive intensive therapy , expert says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Johnny Depp brought the biggest star power to the MTV Movie Awards on Sunday , taking the stage to play guitar while he was honored for his acting career . Aerosmith 's Joe Perry and Stephen Tyler presented the MTV Generation Award to Depp , while The Black Keys played a song with Depp on guitar . "  Johnny Depp is a rock star in the world of movies , " Tyler said . Perry called him "  a gutsy actor , a gutsy musician , a gutsy artist with passion . " "  He 's legitimately great on guitar , " Black Keys ' lead singer-guitarist Dan Auerbach told CNN backstage after the performance . Otherwise , the two-hour telecast was filled with penis one-liners and sight gags interrupted occasionally with the presentation of gold-plated popcorn box trophies for achievements including "  best on-screen dirt bag . " Host Russell Brand set the mood with an opening monologue that included no less than four jokes about the male reproductive organ . The person in charge of censoring foul language was kept busy through the show . "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 1 " won the highest honor , movie of the year , in the fan voting that continued online even as the show was underway . "  Twilight " stars Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart won for best kiss , an honor they received for the previous installment as well . "  Thanks , you guys , for giving us best kiss again , " Stewart said . "  The Hunger Games " claimed four acting awards , including best male and female performances for Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence , respectively . The pair also won for "  best on-screen fight . " "  Hunger Games " actress Elizabeth Banks was voted best on-screen transformation for her portrayal of District 12 escort Effie Trinket . "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 " took the best cast trophy . "  Bridesmaid " star Melissa McCarthy won for best comedic performance . She and her ensemble of castmates were honored for "  best gut-wrenching performance , " for the food poisoning in the dressing room scene . MTV 's breakthrough performance award went to actress Shailene Woodley for her role in "  The Descendants , " George Clooney 's Oscar-nominated film . "  Right now , I have no idea what 's going on , " Woodley said backstage . It would take time to digest the significance of her new gold popcorn trophy , she said . A seemingly sober Charlie Sheen paid tribute to "  Project X , " declaring it an instant cult classic . It had all the ingredients of a party movie : Beer , babes , more beer and destruction , he said . "  Finally a movie that captures what 's going on in my head 24 hours a day , " Sheen said . Jennifer Aniston gloated over winning for "  best on-screen dirt bag " for her role in "  Horrible Bosses . " "  Do you know how long I 've have tried to have someone let me unleash my on-screen dirtbag ? " she said in her acceptance speech . During a more serious part of the show , actress Emma Stone was brought to tears after she accepted the MTV Trailblazer Award . It is a recognition of her unusual path to stardom . She told her teenaged fans to harness their own originality . "  A lot of times , it 's what makes you great , " Stone said . The best music trophy was handed to LMFAO for "  Party Rock Anthem , " heard in "  21 Jump Street . "	"  Johnny Depp is a rock star in the world of movies , " Aerosmith 's Steven Tyler says "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 1 " wins movie of the year "  The Hunger Games " claims four acting awards "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 " takes the best cast trophy
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- San Francisco city officials are readying to ban most of McDonald 's Happy Meals in current form because they offer toys to entice kids to buy meals not meeting nutritional criteria . Under a proposal given preliminary approval this week , McDonald 's and other restaurants would have until December 2011 to improve their meals ' nutrition with fruits and vegetables -- if the chains want to keep offering Captain America figurines or toys tied with latest films . The proposed ordinance is part of a "  food justice movement " and is designed to address how about 50 of the city 's restaurants use giveaway toys to sell fast food whose nutritional content is being challenged by the city . Officials said they hope their measure , the first of its kind for a large city , would encourage similar standards across the country . The San Francisco proposal was modeled after a similar law for unincorporated Santa Clara County , California , San Francisco Supervisor Eric Mar , who initiated the proposal , said the ordinance would be "  a tremendous victory " in fighting childhood obesity . His fifth-grade daughter is in the 6-to-11 age group in which rates of obesity have quadrupled the past 30 years -- coinciding with the life span of the Happy Meal , he said . "  I do believe that toys and other incentives attached to foods that are high in sugar , fat and calories are a major reason for the alarming rise for childhood obesity in this country , " Mar said . "  This is a very modest ordinance that is an incentive for the industry to take responsibility for healthier choices for children and parents . " McDonald 's spokeswoman Danya Proud said the company was "  extremely disappointed with the decision . " "  It 's not what our customers want , nor is it something they asked for . Public opinion continues to be overwhelmingly against this misguided legislation , " Proud said in a statement . "  Parents tell us it 's their right and responsibility -- not the government 's - to make their own decisions and to choose what 's right for their children . "  We are extremely proud of our Happy Meals which give our youngest guests wholesome food and toys of the highest quality . Getting a toy with a kid 's meal is just one part of a fun , family experience at McDonald 's , " Proud said . The board of supervisors approved the ordinance in a first reading Tuesday , by a veto-proof margin . Next Tuesday , November 9 , the board is expected to formally approve the measure in a final reading , Mar said . Mayor Gavin Newsom has indicated he would veto the ordinance , but the board has enough votes -- eight out of 11 -- to override the veto , Mar said . Under the proposal , the food and beverage would have to contain fewer than 600 calories , and less than 35 percent of total calories would come from fat . The meal would also have to contain 0.5 cups of fruit and 0.75 cups of vegetables and offer less than 640 mg of sodium and less than 0.5 mg of trans fat . Breakfast would have the option of offering 0.5 cups of fruit or vegetables . City officials expect a legal challenge from McDonald 's once the ordinance is approved . "  They hired fancy lawyers for this and flew them out here to meet with us and basically to strong-arm us into not doing this , " Linshao Chin , legislative assistant to Mar , said . She said McDonald 's attorneys argued corporate First Amendment rights . McDonald 's declined to respond to Chin 's comments . McDonald 's , Burger King and Subway are among the restaurants that offer such toys or other incentives in San Francisco , but McDonald 's was described by city officials as taking the lead in opposing the ordinance . The California Restaurant Association also objected to the ordinance because , said spokesman Daniel Conway , "  it 's insulting to parents and it 's more generating headlines than trimming waist lines . " "  There 's been absolutely no proof that this will impact the way people eat , " Conway said . "  There 's enough ambiguity over crayons and things like that , it has somewhat of a chilling effect . It has raised concerns for restaurateurs of all varieties and segments of the industry . " San Francisco officials compromised on some draft measures in response to McDonald 's concerns , such as delaying the proposed enforcement for more than a year to accommodate the chain 's schedule for menu changes , Chin said . "  We did have an amendment that these meals needed to include whole grains , and McDonald 's said they were not able to meet that requirement because if they added whole grains into their hamburger buns , their buns would crumble . They said that was something that was too strict , so we removed it , " Chin said . San Francisco officials are hoping that the ordinance would force fast-food chains to replace fries and soda with apple slices and milk . "  We hope that this would have a ripple effect , that this is a small step in the food justice movement , " Chin said . "  We have places all across the country that are known as food deserts . You ca n't find a supermarket , but you can find fast-food restaurants . "  Even hearing from the McDonald 's nutritionist , they were saying that this food even in moderation was OK , " Chin said , "  but I think it completely discounts how there are some people eating it every day , and there are poor people who rely on it as a food source because it 's cheap . " A free toy can be effective on children . "  From personal experience as a child myself , you watch a movie and you walk by a restaurant and they 're offering a toy from the latest movie , and you know you want to get that toy , " Chin said . "  The children are pestering their parents to take them in there and get that toy . It 's something that 's pretty hard to resist for a 3-year-old . "  So this is incentivizing children to eat these unhealthy meals with the toys , " she said .	Ordinance would require most McDonald 's Happy Meals to meet new city nutrition criteria If nutrition standards are met , McDonald 's and other chains can offer toys with meals Not meeting the criteria would result in pulling restaurant 's permit to operate Measure is part of "  food justice " movement ; officials expect a legal challenge
CNN  -- There 's a coming showdown between Democrats and Republicans on the issue of income inequality . President Obama has called it the "  defining issue of our time . " Progressives recognize that sustaining unemployment benefits , increasing the minimum wage and ensuring equal pay are key weapons . Republicans , who recently voted to leave 1.3 million Americans in the cold by not extending unemployment benefits , frame the inequality debate as yet another attempt to implement liberal , anti-free market , big-government giveaways . Americans know better . In a speech last week , GOP presidential hopeful Marco Rubio said federal money should be given to the states to figure out how to deal with poverty . He called for replacing the Earned Income Tax Credit with a subsidy to encourage people to take low-wage jobs , and for the federal government to encourage marriage . He called President Lyndon Johnson 's War on Poverty a failure . But there is no question that without the War on Poverty , millions more would be in it today . Attempts to paint it any other way will backfire , as majorities of Americans support its policies . Republicans have a chance to show they are on the side of the American people in addressing poverty and inequality . America 's women and children , in particular , are depending on them . In fact , 50 years after Johnson declared war on poverty , an astonishing new report by Maria Shriver paints a bleak picture of today 's barren economic landscape for 42 million women and 28 million children . Shriver 's father , Sargent Shriver , helped lead the Johnson administration 's all-out campaign on behalf of the elderly , the hungry and vulnerable families and children . While facts show that without this effort many more Americans would be in poverty today , Maria Shriver 's report , "  A Woman 's Nation Pushes Back From the Brink , " describes a much-changed nation in which poverty wears a different face . On the one hand , it is indisputable that women have made much progress . A majority of women are now family breadwinners , and they hold more college degrees than men . Women have also made gains in reaching the highest levels in business and politics . But these benchmarks mask a disturbing reality : Too many women are one missed paycheck , one illness , one hospital visit or car breakdown away from economic disaster . A recent best-seller urged career women to "  lean in " to succeed in the workplace . The Shriver report underscores how many women lie awake at night worrying that they could fall out of the middle or working class and into the ranks of the poor . While many of us are pondering how to have it all , these strong women are doing it all , without having much . Shamefully , the richest country in the world does not invest enough to allow women to keep fueling America 's economic growth while securing their own economic futures and those of their children . The report lists many reasons for this predicament -- the lack of well-paying jobs that offer upward mobility ; the change in the family structure where majorities of low-income women , many of them single , are heads of households ; and most importantly , the lack of good education . Those are the overarching realities , but there are many more subtle , hidden aspects of the economic landscape for women in America . One-third live in or on the brink of poverty . They struggle to get their children to school at 7 for breakfast , so they can take their mothers to medical appointments and still make it to work by 9 . Forty-two million women represent two-thirds of minimum-wage workers in the country , and women still make just 77 % of what men make . So what can be done ? For starters , we can fix the wage discrepancy between men and women . This could cut the poverty rate in half for struggling working women and it would represent an economic stimulus of half a trillion dollars . The Shriver report also outlines a set of other public policy solutions , including raising the minimum wage for all and helping women access better paying jobs through job training . It describes how government support structures could allow for better and more affordable child care , enabling women to balance the roles of caregiver and breadwinner . And in a surprising revelation , it uncovers the regret many of these low-income women express about marrying early -- and also , in many cases , their satisfaction at having gotten divorced . Republican lectures about marriage and family values will not work to solve poverty . But making education and child care accessible , closing the wage gap and leveling the playing field will . Republicans should note that one of the studies in the Shriver report shows that women of color -- a key demographic with whom the party desperately needs to make inroads -- overwhelmingly believe government has a role to play in providing adaptive workplace structures and policies that support today 's contemporary families . No , this is not a plea for a handout . These women , while in a more financially precarious position than their white counterparts , are also more optimistic about their futures . As in : I want to work hard and know there are better economic opportunities out there for me to succeed . These policy solutions the report offers are not new ; progressives have been fighting for them for a very long time . But it also outlines what we can do as individuals , communities and corporations . We can , for example , help young girls make smarter choices , promote a "  college before kids " mentality , and help businesses identify best practice policies that can better support low-wage women workers . So let 's forgo the showdown . These are common-sense proposals that uphold mainstream principles of taking care of our families and children . They are not liberal , progressive or Democratic values . They are American values that will protect and secure the American dream for everyone once and for all . Americans expect our leaders from both parties to uphold them . Let 's get to work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona .	Maria Cardona : In parties ' inequality debate , GOP has chance to show it gets it She says economy 's failure to help Americans seen clearly in the lot of women , children She says women need equal wages , workplace policies that support women Cardona : Rubio , GOP slam War on Poverty policies ; issue needs attention , not partisanship
CNN  -- The Syrian National Coalition voted Saturday to attend next week 's peace talks in Geneva . The secret balloting among 75 representatives of Syria 's main opposition group , which have been meeting this week in a luxury hotel on the outskirts of Istanbul , resulted in 58 votes in favor and 14 opposed , with two abstentions and one person who handed in an unmarked ballot , the coalition 's media office told CNN . But the tally masked deep divisions within the opposition : another 44 members of the group refused to vote at all . And some of those doing the fighting in Syria have said that participation in the talks would be an act of treachery . Nonetheless , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry applauded what he called "  a courageous vote in the interests of all the Syrian people who have suffered so horribly under the brutality of the  President Bashar al -  Assad regime and a civil war without end . The top U.S. diplomat promised that he 'd engage "  directly with the Syrian opposition and the international community " when the conference starts next Wednesday . "  By voting to go to Geneva 2 with a mission to negotiate an end to the war , the opposition has chosen a path that will ultimately lead to a better future for all Syrians , " Kerry said in a statement Saturday . The goal of the talks -- dubbed Geneva 2 in recognition of a similar effort in the Swiss city in 2012 -- is to set up a transitional government that would end the violence that has wracked the country since March 2011 , killing more than 100,000 people . Kerry explained late last week that the meeting 's goal is to implement the communique that was the fruit of the first such meeting . "  It is about establishing a process essential to the formation of a transition government body -- governing body -- with full executive powers established by mutual consent , " he told reporters . Any names put forward for leadership of Syria 's transition must , according to the terms of Geneva 1 , be agreed to by the opposition and the regime led by President Bashar al-Assad , according to Kerry . "  That is the very definition of mutual consent , " he continued . "  This means that any figure that is deemed unacceptable by either side , whether President or a member of the opposition , can not be a part of the future . " In addition , he said , it "  defies logic that those whose brutality created " the current situation could lead Syria toward a better future . The peace conference would not be the end , but the beginning of a process , he said . Al-Assad has said he does not look at the talks as a way for him to transition out of power . On Friday , his foreign minister announced that he 'd given his Russian counterpart a proposal "  to determine the time and date where there will be an end to the military operations " in Aleppo and urged him to help broker its passage . "  We will wait for Minister  Sergey  Lavrov to tell us the time and the date , the hour , and we will commit ourselves to these arrangements -- if he has enough guarantees that the other side will accept and commit themselves as well , " Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said . If that succeeds , he said , Damascus is prepared to extend the plan to other areas of the country . Meanwhile , state-run Syrian media reported Saturday that the first shipment of aid has reached the Yarmouk Palestinian Refugee Camp outside Damascus , where dozens of people have died of starvation and lack of medical attention since the camp was cut off by warring factions last November . PHOTOS : Haunting images of Syria 's abandoned homes CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Raja Razek in Beirut , plus Tom Watkins , Greg Botelho and Saad Abedine in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Top U.S. diplomat calls opposition 's vote to attend conference "  courageous " Representatives of the country 's main opposition group vote 58 to 14 in favor of attending The goal of the talks is to set up a transitional government to end the violence Syria has proposed a negotiated "  end to military operations " in Aleppo , perhaps elsewhere
Washington  CNN  -- Firebombed . Cyberattacked . Attacked by a shouting mob . That 's what happened to Lars Vilks in the week ending May 16 . And if you think : "  Well thank goodness my week was a lot quieter , " think again . The attacks on Vilks were an attack on you too . Lars Vilks is a Swedish cartoonist . In the summer of 2007 , he was invited to submit three drawings to an exhibition sponsored by the town of Tallerud . The exhibition 's theme : "  the dog in art . " Vilks produced three pencil sketches of street dogs with human faces , the face  Vilks said  of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad . Even if you do n't know the rest of the story , you can easily imagine . In March , police in Ireland arrested seven people on charges of conspiring to murder Vilks . The same day , U.S. law enforcement announced the indictment of an American woman who had attempted to recruit assassins to kill Vilks . Yet Vilks has refused to be intimidated . On Tuesday of this week , Vilks appeared at the University of Uppsalla to lecture on his art and ideas . Two-hundred-fifty people passed through metal detectors to hear him speak . They never got the chance . Vilks opened his talk with a provocative short video that included an image of two nearly naked Iranian gay men wearing masks of Muhammad . At that cue , about 20 rowdies in the crowd shouted , "  Stop the film ! Stop the film ! " The rowdies rushed toward the stage . One of them apparently struck Vilks . Police sought to restrain them . After eight or so minutes of chanting , yelling and fist-pumping by the rowdies , the university suspended the performance . You can watch the incident here in a 10-minute YouTube clip . The blogger who writes under the pseudonym Allahpundit directs attention toward two aspects of the confrontation that might be overlooked in the excitement : the ineffectiveness of the police and the passivity of a crowd of spectators who outnumber the protesters by at least 10 to 1 . Daily life in Sweden and other European countries is increasingly governed by an unwritten set of rules very different from the country 's formal law . The formal law forbids assault and upholds free speech rights . The actual rules of the game , however , concede that certain assaults and certain violations of free speech rights may proceed with impunity . Police arrested two men for disrupting the Vilks event ; both were released without charge . Impunity invites further attack . In the aftermath of the Uppsalla University incident , Vilks ' website was hacked and firebombs were planted in his house .  Two men have been arrested in connection with the firebombing . The authorities look the other way in hope of obtaining social peace . This policy does not work , and for two reasons : First , the policy of impunity emboldens aggressive minorities . Instead of accepting that they must live and let live , these groups get the message they can dominate others by the threat of force . But second , the policy of impunity backfires . While the authorities want quiet , ornery individuals like Lars Vilks are delighted to bust taboos and foment the very confrontations the authorities wish to avoid . Vilks is just one of a multiplying band of deliberate provocateurs who have appeared across Europe over the past five years . Their work may not have much artistic merit , but the issue here is not art but courage . And there will always be enough courageous people to complicate badly the lives of uncourageous authorities . The irony is that these uncourageous authorities would gain much more quiet if they upheld their formal rules . When the rules are clear and enforced , almost everybody will conform to them . Expel one student for disrupting a campus event , and you are unlikely to have to expel a second . But when the authorities declare a "  moral holiday "  to update an old phrase from the U.S. urban riots of the 1960s  , otherwise law-abiding people seize the opportunity . They commit acts of intimidation and violence they would never have dared if law-breaking had been met by immediate sanction and certain punishment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says university attack on cartoonist Lars Vilks should worry everyone His talk was provocative , but more shocking was the crowd 's passivity as he was assaulted Sweden , other European countries increasingly governed by unwritten rules , he says Frum : Trading social peace for unpunished attacks allows aggressive groups to dominate
They call themselves "  the resistance . " Israel and the United States call them terrorists . What 's unclear is who 's calling the shots within the Palestinian militant group Hamas . The political and the military arms of the group appear to have contrasting mission statements , and analysts say it 's hard to pin down precisely who has the final word on making decisions and guiding strategy . Here 's an introduction to Hamas ' key players : THE POLITICAL WING KHALED MESHAAL He 's Hamas ' top political leader and often its public face . He 's had the role since 2004 after Hamas ' then-leader , Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi , was killed in an Israeli airstrike . A former teacher , Meshaal operates mostly from Qatar and is known as Hamas ' external deal-maker , raising money from supporters in the region . "  Despite his George Clooney-type looks , he 's very much a dangerous man because he aids and abets Hamas ' very destructive policies and strategy , " said Neri Zilber of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . While it 's not clear how much control Meshaal has over the military wing of the group , one Israeli official calls the 58-year-old "  the Osama bin Laden of Hamas . " A bizarre assassination plot : In 1997 , Meshaal was the target of a bizarre assassination attempt by the Mossad , Israel 's intelligence service . Mossad agents confronted Meshaal in Jordan and injected or sprayed poison into his ear . It might have ended right there . But Jordan 's King Hussein , who had a peace treaty with Israel , threatened to break off relations unless Mossad delivered the antidote to the poison . And they did . "  Allah saved me . Then King Hussein , " Meshaal told CNN in 2002 . A $ 70 million budget : In 2012 , Meshaal left his previous base of operations in Syria as the country 's civil war deepened . That decision is believed to have led to a breakdown in his relationship with Iran , Hamas ' key backer , said Firas Abi Ali , head of Middle East and North Africa Country Risk and Forecasting at IHS . "  The Qataris , who are backing him now , are not able to provide the military expertise and training on rockets and drones that the military wing needs to fight Israel , " he said . "  These are things that only the Iranians can provide . " But there are other members who still enjoy the support of Iran . And , as Meshaal told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Hamas enjoys the support of expatriate Palestinians , private donors in the Middle East and Muslim charities -- enough to bankroll its $ 70 million annual budget . "  Hamas -- as a movement of resistance , with a cause , for a people living under occupation -- we seek , not just wait , to get support , financial support , military support , political support from all over the world , from all the states in the world , " he said . "  Everyone giving us support , whether it 's from Iran or Europe , from anywhere . " ISMAIL HANIYEH AND MOUSA ABU MARZOUK Hamas formed in 1987 at the start of the first Palestinian intifada , or uprising , as an Islamic resistance movement against Israel . In 2006 , Hamas won a majority in Palestinian legislative elections and formed a unity government with its rival Fatah . But the coalition collapsed into deadly violence in 2007 , leaving Hamas in control of Gaza and the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority in power in the West Bank . During Hamas ' short-lived coalition with Fatah , Haniyeh became Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority . After their 2007 split , he retained the role for Hamas in Gaza . The group 's second political leader is Mousa Abu Marzouk . In Iran 's good books : Haniyeh is a former leader of Hamas ' student movement . He was considered to be a close associate of the group 's founder and spiritual leader , Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . Yassin was assassinated by an Israeli airstrike as he was leaving a Gaza City mosque in 2004 . "  The faction in Gaza led by Ismail Haniyeh and Mousa Abu Marzouk appears to still be in Iran 's good books , " said Abi Ali . "  It still has good relations with Iran , given the increased sophistication of rockets used by Hamas and Islamic Jihad . " Haniyeh and Abu Marzouk are believed to operate between Egypt and Gaza . But the Egyptian government has made movement between Egypt and Gaza a lot harder for Hamas leaders . "  The siege has led the Gaza-based factions to band together , " Abi Ali said . "  They 're more coherent and cohesive . " Goodwill among the people : Part of the pair 's job is to ensure that Hamas continues to enjoy widespread backing from the general population in Gaza . The group does it through its many social welfare programs . According to the Council on Foreign Relations , "  its  efforts in this area -- as well as a reputation for honesty , in contrast to the many Fatah officials accused of corruption -- help to explain its broad popularity . " THE MILITARY WING MOHAMMED DEIF Since Hamas took over Gaza , the armed wing , Qassam Brigades , has morphed into a military force aimed at protecting the territory . Its fighters have also continued to periodically fire rockets into Israel . The Israeli military estimated this month that Hamas and other militant groups in Gaza have between them roughly 10,000 rockets of varying ranges . The military wing is led by Mohammed Deif , a shadowy , savvy figure who analysts say has survived multiple Israeli assassination attempts . Always on the move : The Qassam Brigades ' website says that Deif 's real name is "  Mohammed Diab . " It says he took the name "  Deif , " which means "  guest , " because under the pursuit of Israeli security forces , "  he kept moving from village to village and from place to place . " Deif was wounded years ago and is believed to have handed some operational parts of his role to other top Hamas military leaders like Marwan Issa . "  Over the years , it 's lost a lot of military commanders during assassinations and military conflicts , " said Abi Ali . "  It 's proven that it 's robust enough to take this kind of event and keep improving its capability . " MARWAN ISSA Marwan Issa 's forte is believed to be unconventional attacks on Israel . "  It could be these kidnapping or offensive-type operations through attack tunnels underneath the Gaza border inside Israel , " Zilber said . The Qassam Brigades also said it has sent several drones on missions inside Israel . The Israel Defense Forces said it shot down a drone off the country 's coast on Monday . "  What we are seeing in this conflict is the military wing asserting itself as the one in control , " said Abi Ali . Always a target : And it 's that kind of tactic that may , according to analysts , have made Issa one of Israel 's chief targets in its offensive . In 2006 , he survived an Israeli military assassination attempt . This month , his house was targeted in Israeli airstrikes . He 's believed to be in hiding elsewhere . SALEH AL AROURI Al Arouri is the head of the Qassam Brigades in the West Bank , and he is accused of catalyzing this latest conflict . Israeli officials say he 's the person who ordered the abduction of the three Israeli teens , whose bodies were later found in a field in the West Bank . "  Al Arouri , who used to live in a village north of Ramallah , has urged West Bank operatives incessantly to set up terror cells and perpetrate kidnappings , " The Times of Israel reported last month , quoting an Israeli security official . Sitting safe in Turkey : Last month , Israeli military demolished what is believed to be Al Arouri 's home in the West Bank . But he was n't there . His base of operation is Turkey , where he 's safe from the reaches of the Israeli forces . Turkey cut all diplomatic relations with Israel after commandos boarded a boat carrying supplies to Gaza and killed nine people in 2010 . Act of desperation : So , who exactly is in charge ? "  None of these movements are monoliths , " said Abi Ali . Still , he said , "  what we are seeing in this conflict is the military wing asserting itself as the one in control . " Khaled Elgindy , who was a former adviser to the Palestinian Authority , said Hamas is in one of the weakest positions it 's been in in several years . "  The changes that have happened in the region and especially in Egypt ; their closure of the tunnels and its access to finances and weapons have been severely diminished over the last year in particular . So they 're in a much weaker position , " he said . And that weakened position , he says , is fueling the military wing 's belligerence . "  I think part of the motivation for sort of , you know , taking the Israeli bait , if you will , in this latest round of violence has been , I think , the fact that they 're in a state of disarray and , you know , in a way I think it 's an act of desperation by a very weak Hamas . "	Amid the Gaza conflict , experts try to figure out who 's in charge Movements like Hamas are n't "  monoliths , " one analyst says The military wing in Gaza appears to be asserting its control The group 's political leader in Qatar may have lost favor with Iran
CNN  -- Wednesday 's presidential debate might very well give Mitt Romney a significant boost , but the former governor still faces a difficult path . One of the more intriguing aspects of the 2012 election is that Mitt Romney might win a substantial majority among white voters while still losing the presidential election . Regardless of the outcome of this election , the rising minority share of the electorate will force a deep rethinking of Republican strategy . Back in 2008 , John McCain won 55 % of the non-Hispanic white vote against 43 % for Barack Obama . It is worth noting that Obama increased the Democratic share of the white vote by 2 percentage points relative to Sen. John Kerry , the 2004 Democratic presidential nominee . Opinion : To woo Latinos , Romney needs specifics At the same time , Obama won 95 % of the African-American vote , an increase of 7 percentage points compared with Kerry , and 66 % of the Latino vote , an even more impressive increase of 13 percentage points . As Ron Brownstein , editorial director of National Journal and a CNN contributor , has observed , Obama 's success among minority voters has put the Republican presidential nominee in a demographic bind . If we assume that Obama 's support among black and Latino voters wo n't dramatically erode between now and November , Romney will have to outperform McCain by a substantial margin among white voters to win the presidential election . In light of recent Democratic success among college-educated white women and Romney 's relatively weak performance among noncollege-educated white voters outside of the South , this will prove challenging . We see some of these dynamics at play in down-ballot races . In recent weeks , the prospects of a number of Republican candidates for the U.S. Senate have deteriorated . One of the bigger disappointments for the GOP is the growing gap in the polls between former New Mexico Rep. Heather Wilson , a Rhodes Scholar and U.S. Air Force veteran who is rightly regarded as having been one of the party 's most talented female officeholders , and Rep. Martin Heinrich , the Democrat who now represents Wilson 's old congressional district . Opinion : It 's immigration , stupid , say Latino voters in Nevada Republicans have long understood that New Mexico would be a tough race for them . Though a Republican , the charismatic Mexican-American prosecutor Susana Martinez won the state 's gubernatorial election in 2010 by a margin of just under 7 % , while Barack Obama won New Mexico 's electoral votes over John McCain in 2008 by an impressive 15-point margin . So what might account for the differences in how Martinez and Wilson have been received by New Mexico voters ? Part of the story is undoubtedly the fact that the electorate in midterm races tends to be smaller and older than in presidential years , which are more favorable to Democratic candidates . Another part of the story , however , is that the ethnic composition of New Mexico 's electorate has also changed . That is , Latinos will likely represent a somewhat larger share of the electorate in 2012 than in 2010 , and it is a safe bet that this share will increase over time . An Anglo Republican such as Wilson is by no means doomed to fare poorly among Latino voters . George W. Bush , for example , attracted a large share of the Latino vote in New Mexico and in the United States as a whole . Yet Martinez seems to have made deeper inroads into the Latino electorate than Wilson . Democrats appear to be consolidating recent gains in the largest Latino ethnic groups , including the vitally important Mexican-American constituency . The choice of San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro to give this year 's keynote address at the Democratic National Convention was presumably made with this point in mind . A recent report by Ruy Teixeira and John Halpin of the center-left Center for American Progress -- "  The Path to 270 Revisited " -- carefully documents the rising importance of America 's nonwhite electorate to the outcome of presidential elections . Opinion : Romney shakes up the race Along with Colorado and Nevada , New Mexico is part of a vitally important swing region that had until recent years been Republican-leaning . Teixeira and Halpin argue that the changing demographic composition of these states , and in particular the rising Latino share of the electorate , is a key reason why they have become friendlier terrain for Democratic candidates . Yet Teixeira and Halpin demonstrate that this dynamic does n't apply just to the Southwest . In a number of so-called New South states , for example , the rising Latino share of the electorate is occurring alongside an increase in the African-American share of the electorate . Given the fact that the African-American electorate tends to strongly favor Democratic candidates , there is a distinct possibility that a number of states now considered reliably Republican , such as Georgia , might become competitive in the not-too-distant future . These larger trends raise two possibilities for future Republican candidates . One is that the GOP should work toward building substantially greater support among white voters . Even as the white share of the electorate decreases , winning a larger slice of a shrinking pie is a viable strategy . The biggest hurdle to this strategy , however , is the cultural polarization of the white electorate . Among younger white voters , for example , socially liberal views on issues such as same-sex marriage are quite common while older white voters , who have been a bedrock of GOP support , tend to embrace socially conservative views . Reconciling these positions might prove difficult . Leaving age differences aside , college-educated white voters tend to be less receptive to cultural populism than noncollege-educated white voters . Although many analysts have suggested that Republicans should embrace liberal positions on various social issues to appeal to college-educated white voters , this might endanger the party 's hold on less-educated whites . Some attribute Romney 's relatively poor performance among noncollege-educated white voters to a campaign message that caters more to the concerns of tax-sensitive voters than to less affluent voters . The second possibility , championed by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush among many others , is that Republicans should redouble their efforts to appeal to Latino voters . This strategy is often associated with the view that Republicans should embrace comprehensive immigration reform legislation that would create a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants , a majority of whom are of Latin American origin . Opinion : The audacity of Romney 's Etch a Sketch It is not obvious , however , that this strategy would yield significant political dividends , and it would alienate voters who believe that creating a path to citizenship would undermine the credibility of future immigration enforcement efforts . A deeper look suggests that when you compare Latinos with non-Hispanic white voters of the same income level , the edge that Democrats have among Latinos shrinks . One possibility is that Republicans will improve their vote share among Latinos as Latino households experience greater wage and income growth . The problem , of course , is that recent years have seen extremely modest wage and household income gains . And so Republicans arguably have a strong political interest in policies that will raise wages and incomes . There are , of course , other factors . Residential integration , immigrant assimilation and intermarriage could all affect the political landscape in unpredictable ways . But if current trends hold , Republicans have a much greater need to expand their coalition than Democrats . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	Reihan Salam : Mitt Romney and GOP relying on white voters more than ever He says their diminishing appeal in African-American , Latino communities is a big risk Salam : Growing nonwhite population could turn some red states into swing states He says it will be hard for GOP to get a higher share of white vote or to appeal to minorities
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The world 's population is forecast to hit 7 billion in 2011 , the vast majority of its growth coming in developing and , in many cases , the poorest nations , a report released Wednesday said . Riders cram into a train last month in New Delhi , India . India 's population is expected to be 1.7 billion by 2050 . A staggering 97 percent of global growth over the next 40 years will happen in Asia , Africa , Latin America and the Caribbean , according to the Population Reference Bureau 's 2009 World Population Data Sheet . "  The great bulk of today 's 1.2 billion youth -- nearly 90 percent -- are in developing countries , " said Carl Haub , a co-author of the report . Eight in 10 of those youth live in Africa and Asia . "  During the next few decades , these young people will most likely continue the current trend of moving from rural areas to cities in search of education and training opportunities , gainful employment , and adequate health care , " Haub continued , calling it one of the major social questions of the next few decades . In the developed world , the United States and Canada will account for most of the growth -- half from immigration and half from a natural increase in the population -- births minus deaths , according to the report . High fertility rates and a young population base in the developing world will fuel most of the growth , especially in Africa , where women often give birth to six or seven children over a lifetime , the report says . The number is about two in the United States and 1.5 in Canada . A stark contrast can be drawn between Uganda and Canada , which currently have about 34 million and 31 million residents , respectively . By 2050 , Canada 's population is projected to be 42 million , while Uganda 's is expected to soar to 96 million , more than tripling . "  Even with declining fertility rates in many countries , world population is still growing at a rapid rate , " said Bill Butz , president of the bureau . "  The increase from 6 billion to 7 billion is likely to take 12 years , as did the increase from 5 billion to 6 billion . Both events are unprecedented in world history . " By 2050 , India is projected to be the world 's most populous nation at 1.7 billion , overtaking current leader China , which is forecast to hit 1.4 billion . The United States is expected to reach 439 million for No. 3 on the list .	Global population to reach 7 billion in two years , research institute projects Most growth is occurring in developing and poor nations , study finds Uganda 's population expected to almost triple by 2050 India projected to overtake China as most populous country
CNN  -- "  The Walking Dead 's " midseason finale on Sunday - watched by a staggering 14.8 million viewers - was about as intense as it gets . There was Abraham 's army returning to the church in just the nick of time and Rick putting down a cop who would n't stop running . Beth pushed yet another cop , the threatening O'Donnell , down an elevator , and Morgan found his way back to the church just as our group of survivors left it . But all of that action paled in comparison to the big , heartbreaking exchange at Grady Memorial Hospital  and if you went to the show 's official Facebook or Instagram right afterward , you know what happened  . Carol and Beth had finally been reunited with their people when Dawn demanded that Rick return her former ward , Noah . Rick objected , but Noah decided to go back . And then it happened : One of Dawn 's comments set Beth off , leading to an altercation that ended with Dawn shooting Beth in the head . It was a shocking , tragic end for a beloved character . The look on Daryl 's face as he carried Beth 's body , followed by the anguish on her sister Maggie 's face , said it all . One year after we saw the death of patriarch Hershel , the Greene family had lost someone else . Viewers struggled to come to terms with the character 's death on Twitter . "  If Daryl cries , you know it was a bad night on #WalkingDead . #RIPBeth , " said Travis Radina . Christopher Cross did n't know how he was going to get through the work day after that death . Megan Mobley was "  Still crying because Walking Dead . " Ken Jeong of "  The Hangover " and "  Community " summed it all up with "  Crying . " So what can we expect next ? Unfortunately , fans will have to mull over this episode for a while , as "  The Walking Dead " does n't return to AMC until February . What did you think of the finale ?	"  The Walking Dead " aired its midseason finale Sunday It was intense and tragic One beloved character was killed
CNN  -- "  I consider the people of New York my patients , " acting New York Health Commissioner Howard Zucker said this week as he cited health-related reasons for recommending New York Governor Andrew Cuomo ban hydraulic fracturing , or "  fracking , " to develop natural gas resources in the state . New York 's environmental conservation commissioner joined in with the recommendation , which the governor quickly accepted . But if New York 's taxpayers are indeed Zucker 's patients , they should consider suing him for malpractice , because the new ban on hydraulic fracturing in New York has nothing to do with public health or good science . Instead , it 's an anti-scientific , political decision that will harm the country as it panders to far-left environmentalists . New York has become the first state with commercial gas reserves to ban a practice that has revolutionized the U.S. energy industry . Fracking injects sand water and small amounts of chemicals into deep oil - and gas-containing formations , cracking the rocks and allowing the trapped gas and oil to be recovered . Hydraulic fracturing has saved Americans billions of dollars , contributed to reduced U.S. carbon dioxide emissions and greatly bolstered the U.S. geopolitical position and America 's energy security . Frustration with this ill-considered ban is n't just partisan warfare . While my own politics are conservative , I am not reflexively hostile to alternative energy . Indeed , I have worked with both Republican and Democratic politicians and groups on energy and environmental issues .  I recently co-authored a report with former Democratic Senate Energy Committee Chairman Jeff Bingaman on smart ways to cost-effectively boost renewable energy , and have also worked on joint projects promoting sustained support for energy research and development with current Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz when he was at MIT  . However , I am reflexively hostile to deception , especially when undertaken by people who cloak themselves in the mantle of science . And that 's exactly what is happening here . While science is always a subject of continuing inquiry , the strong consensus of research on hydraulic fracturing is that overall , it is good for the environment , the economy and our geopolitical position . The United States has seen dramatic reductions in national carbon dioxide emissions largely as a result of hydraulic fracturing , which allowed natural gas to become cheap and abundant , and mostly displacing dirtier , higher-emission coal in the generation mix . Hydraulic fracturing , and the similar techniques used for "  tight oil " drilling , have actually allowed the United States to become the world 's leading oil producer in 2014 . The economics of the fracking revolution are also overwhelmingly positive . IHS , perhaps the most respected independent energy consultancy , says the industry will be able to support 3.3 million jobs , adding more than $ 125 billion to state coffers through state tax revenues by 2020 . By 2025 , the average family could be saving $ 3,500 per year due to hydraulic fracturing , a staggering figure in a country with a median family income of just $ 52,000 . And support for fracking is n't split down party lines -- Moniz has called fracking safe and "  a bridge to a low-carbon future , " a finding supported by several Environmental Protection Agency investigations and former Obama Environmental Protection Administrator Lisa Jackson . Not to be outdone , Obama 's former Energy Secretary Steven Chu has also declared that "  this is something you can do in a safe way . " All of these leaders have been aggressive champions of renewable energy , and none could be accused of being a pawn of fossil fuel interests . By contrast , the integrity of some of the largest and most powerful fracking critics is severely compromised . Popular anti-fracking movies Gasland and Gasland II have perpetuated many dubious claims that have been widely debunked . Michael Brune , the executive director of the Sierra Club , hailed New York 's decision . Yet between 2007 and 2010 , long after the hydraulic fracturing revolution was under way , the Sierra Club was reported to have taken more than $ 25 million from natural gas drillers to fund its fight against coal power  unsurprisingly , they pushed gas as a cleaner alternative  . Of course , there are costs as well as benefits to fracking . And it is possible that at some point , new experience or information will come to light that would change our thinking . But we 've already fracked tens of thousands of U.S. wells , and the endorsements mentioned above come in full light of that experience . Increased natural gas production could have brought billions of dollars and thousands of jobs to New York 's hard-hit Southern Tier , which sits over the Marcellus Shale formation , one of America 's richest potential sources of natural gas . Cuomo 's ban will be particularly devastating for poor New Yorkers , who can now be expected to struggle with high home heating bills due to expensive imported gas . Unfortunately , as supporters of the ban have realized , New York 's move sends a signal to other states . But it also has geopolitical implications . The boom in hydraulic fracturing and tight oil production in the United States has helped undermine Russia 's international standing by contributing to plummeting global oil prices . America 's ability to produce and potentially export more natural gas could similarly reduce Russia 's ability to leverage natural gas exports to Europe . So in the face of science , economics and geopolitics , why did Cuomo support the ban ? In his Q&A with reporters after his announcement , the governor probably came pretty close to the truth on the politics behind the fracking decision when he said it was "  probably the most emotionally charged issue I have ever experienced . " "  I am not a scientist , " he said , using the same formulation as that of a number of GOP lawmakers who have been criticized for using it with climate change . Well , the science and policy of a state ban on hydraulic fracturing is easy compared to the complexities of understanding the global climate system . And if America follows New York 's terrible example , the troubling consequences will be there for all to see -- experts and non-experts alike .	New York 's decision has nothing to do with health or science Fracking issue should not be seen in partisan terms , he says The process has saved billions and bolstered U.S. energy security The integrity of fracking critics has been compromised
New York  CNN  -- U.S. allegations that the North Korean government aids in or allows the illegal drug trade has long been an irritant in the tense relationship between the two countries . Now , a Drug Enforcement Administration investigation that the U.S. says busted an international drug ring specializing in North Korean methamphetamine could bolster the U.S. claims . Federal prosecutors announced charges Wednesday against five men who the DEA alleges ran a drug ring that distributed North Korean meth around in Southeast Asia . The men , none of whom are American , were expelled from Thailand on Tuesday and brought to New York to face charges . They 're part of a broader case that prosecutors unveiled in September , when the Manhattan U.S. attorney charged a group of ex-military men with planning killings in connection with drug trafficking . The United States alleges those men , purportedly led by former U.S. Army sniper trainer Joseph "  Rambo " Hunter , planned to assassinate a DEA agent and an informer in a sting operation . The five men facing new charges unsealed Wednesday are British citizens Scott Stammers and Philip Shackels ; Chinese citizen Ye Tiong Tan Lim ; Kelly Allan Reyes Peralta of the Philippines ; and Alexander Lnu , believed to be a Slovak resident of Thailand . They 're charged with conspiring to import 100 kilograms of North Korean-produced methamphetamine into the United States . The five appeared Wednesday before Magistrate Judge Kevin Nathaniel Fox in federal court in Manhattan . Shackels and Lnu sported tattoos on their arms . Lim , through an interpreter , asked for and received court permission for medication due to a kidney and high-cholesterol condition . The men , represented by public defenders , all entered not-guilty pleas and agreed to be held without bail until their next court date on December 5 . U.S. prosecutors said methamphetamine seized in Thailand and the Philippines in 2012 and traced to the group tested at more than 99 % pure . "  This investigation continued to highlight the emergence of North Korea as a significant source of methamphetamine in the global drug trade , " said DEA Administrator Michele M. Leonhart . U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of Manhattan said the case showed "  our determination to close a potential floodgate of supply . " According to U.S. prosecutors , Lim and Reyes Peralta were members of a Hong Kong criminal group that sold over 30 kilograms of North Korean meth , which was the product later seized in Thailand and the Philippines in 2012 . Stammers and Shackels allegedly were responsible for storing the meth sold by Lim and Reyes Peralta , authorities said . DEA agents set up sting earlier this year that ensnared the men , according to federal authorities . Agents recorded video and audio of Lim and Reyes Peralta meeting with an undercover DEA informant beginning in January and allegedly agreeing to sell 100 kilograms of North Korean meth for sale in the U.S. , authorities said . According to recordings cited by prosecutors , Lim told the informant that his organization was the only one currently able to obtain methamphetamine from North Korea . "  Because before , there were eight  other organizations  . But now only us , we have the NK product ...  It 's  only us who can get from NK . " According to federal court documents , Lim explained that because of U.S. pressure , the North Korean government had destroyed meth labs in its country . But it left the meth-production bases that his organization had access to , Lim said , according to U.S. prosecutors . "  The NK government already burned all the labs . Only our labs are not closed ... . To show Americans that they  the North Korean government  are not selling it any more , they burned it . Then they transfer to another base , " prosecutors quote Lim as saying on the recordings . Lim claimed that his group had stockpiled one ton of North Korean meth in the Philippines "  b  ecause we already anticipated this thing would happen ...  with the result being  we can not bring out our goods right now . " According to prosecutors , Shackels was an intermediary for a test run with samples of the North Korean meth . The samples tested at 98 % and 96 % pure , prosecutors allege . Stammers , Shackels and Alexander agreed to provide security for another test run , using a shipment of tea leaves , to check delivery channels to Thailand . From there the drugs would be repackaged and shipped to the United States , according to prosecutors . According to court documents , Alexander , who was a leader of an Outlaw Motorcycle Club chapter in Thailand , would lead an armed crew of Outlaw members to provide security for shipments . In September , Lim and Reyes Peralta traveled to Thailand to meet with the DEA undercover informant to finalize their deal to sell 100 kilos of the North Korean meth . All five men were arrested on September 25 by Thai authorities , who called it one of their biggest international crime cases . 5 men extradited to U.S. in North Korean meth case	NEW : All five defendants plead not guilty in first court appearance in New York Case highlights "  emergence of North Korea " as meth source , DEA chief says Five men are expelled from Thailand , brought to New York They allegedly conspired to import 100 kilograms of North Korean-produced meth to U.S.
