Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 20 people were killed and more than 35 others wounded when a suicide car bomber followed by gunmen in police uniforms attacked the police headquarters in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Sunday , city police said . The Interior Ministry in Baghdad placed the casualty count higher : 30 dead and 70 wounded . In the immediate chaotic aftermath of the attack , exact figures were difficult to come by . Oil-rich Kirkuk , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Baghdad , has been the scene of tensions recently . It is also one of the disputed areas in the country between the central government and Kurdistan regional government . The United States and the U.N. Assistance Mission in Iraq condemned Sunday 's attack . Martin Kobler , the U.N. special representative for Iraq , said the bombers "  show a complete disregard for human life . " "  It is important that the people of Kirkuk remain united against the forces of extremism and hatred , " Kobler said in a statement issued by UNAMI . "  I urge the Iraqi leadership to take all necessary steps that are required to deal with this alarming situation , particularly in Kirkuk , the symbol of peaceful coexistence in Iraq . " A series of bombings in January killed dozens and left more than 100 wounded in Kirkuk . The attacks seemed targeted at Kurdish government officials . The Iraqi central government and the Kurdistan regional government have been at odds for years over who has final authority over Iraq 's vast oil wealth . At the end of last year , relations between Prime Minister Nuri al-Malik 's government and the Iraqi Kurds seemed to deteriorate further . In November , Iraqi Kurdistan deployed troops and tanks to cement the Kurds ' claim over the strategic city . This launched a tense standoff with units of the Iraqi army , which had been deployed to areas near Kirkuk .	NEW : The United States and United Nations condemn the bombings The oil-rich city of Kirkuk has been the scene of tensions recently Last month , a series of bombings there killed dozens and left more than 100 wounded
Washington  CNN  -- A pair of Russian aircraft buzzed a U.S. warship off the Arctic coast of Russia on consecutive days last week , leading the U.S. Navy chief of naval operations to raise the issue with his Russian counterpart , a Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said . The first incident occurred September 10 in international waters of the Barents Sea . A U.S. military official , who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the incidents , said a Russian Il-38 maritime patrol aircraft flew about 50 yards off the side of the guided missile frigate USS Taylor at just about 100 feet above sea level . The official said the aircraft made several passes near the ship . The next day a Russian Helix helicopter circled the Taylor , also at low altitude . The official described the activity as "  abnormal " operating procedure , because of the risk of an accident at such close range . Adm. Gary Roughead , the U.S. chief of naval operations , discussed the matter with his Russian counterpart , Adm. Vladimir Vysotskiy , according to Lapan . Lapan said the ship 's crew did not interpret the Russian overflights to be hostile , but said the two sides are still talking to determine whether standard maritime procedures were followed . The two admirals met earlier this week during a visit of Russian military officials to the Pentagon . The incidents were disclosed by U.S. military officials only after that visit was over .	Two Russian aircraft made separate close approaches to the USS Taylor , officials say The activity was "  abnormal " but not necessarily hostile , officials say The incidents were disclosed after Russian military officials visited the Pentagon
Chris Kyle had no regrets about any of the 160 people he killed as a Navy SEAL sniper during his five combat tours in Iraq . His first kill was a woman who cradled a toddler with one hand and held a grenade in the other . "  I had to do it to protect the Marines , " Kyle told Time magazine a year ago . "  You want to lose your own guys , or would you rather take one of them out ? " Standing 6 feet , 2 inches tall and weighing a muscular 220 pounds , Kyle developed a deadly reputation in Iraq , prompting insurgents to put a bounty on his head , according to his autobiography . "  I 'm a better husband and father than I was a killer , " he told Time . "  I 'm pretty comfortable with not having to kill anyone . Now , do n't take deer hunting away from me . " When Kyle 's military career ended after a decade , he joined other former SEALs to start Craft International , a security company with the motto "  Despite what your momma told you , Violence does solve problems . " He also became a best-selling author , a reality TV personality , a supporter of fellow vets suffering from post-traumatic stress syndrome , an avid hunter and an outspoken opponent of gun control . Kyle , 38 , was shot to death Saturday -- by a former Marine , police say -- while shooting for fun on a Texas gun range . Another man was also fatally shot . A west Texas native , Kyle studied agriculture at Tarleton State University in Stephenville , Texas , after graduating from high school in 1992 . He left college after two years to work as a ranch hand until he joined the Navy in 1999 . He left the Navy as a chief petty officer in 2009 with a chest full of medals , including two Silver Stars and five Bronze Stars , according to his service record released by the Pentagon . It was another distinction accumulated during Kyle 's five tours of Iraq that has brought him the most attention . He wrote about it in a best-selling book published a year ago , titled "  American Sniper : The Autobiography of the Most Lethal Sniper in U.S. Military History . " Should vets with PTSD , mental illness still have access to guns ? Although the military does not release such statistics , the book claimed Kyle had 160 confirmed combat kills from a distance of up to 2,100 yards . He holds the record for a U.S. military sniper , previously set at 93 by Marine sniper Carlos Hathcock during the Vietnam war . Kyle seemed humble during a guest appearance to promote his book on TBS ' "  Conan " last year . "  I had more kills , but that does n't mean I 'm better than  Hathcock  is , " Kyle said . "  I was just put into a position where I had more opportunities . I definitely cheated . I used a ballistic computer that tells me everything to do . So , I was just a monkey on a gun . " He showed O'Brien a sense of humor when talking about the $ 80,000 bounty placed on his head by Iraqi insurgents . "  I was worried about my wife coming home , because I thought my wife would turn me in , " he joked . Kyle modestly acknowledged to the Time interviewer that he was "  decent " at killing . "  The first time killing someone , you 're not even sure you can do it , " he said . "  You think you can , but you never know until you actually are put in that position and you do it . ... And then , you 're worried when you get home , are the politicians going to hang you out to dry and put you on trial for murder ? " Did he regret any of his 160 kills ? "  No , not at all , " he told Time . Kyle 's opinion of the American public 's ability to understand war was poor . "  For the most part , the public is very soft , you live in a dream world , " he said . "  You have no idea what goes on the other side of the world , the harsh realities of what these people are doing to themselves and then to our guys . There are certain things that need to be done to take care of them . " His combat persona , though , could be turned on and off , he said . "  You 're a little more aggressive when you 're at work and when you come home , you relax and try to be the different person , " he said . Kyle helped established the FITCO Cares foundation , a charity that helps U.S. war vets "  who have survived combat but are still fighting to survive post-traumatic stress disorder , " the group 's website said . Life back home was a challenge for Kyle , who acknowledged that he turned to alcohol for comfort at one point . "  After I was discharged from the military , it was difficult trying to become a civilian , " he told a lawyer during a deposition for a lawsuit last November . "  You 're in a combat zone one day , " he said . "  You come home , and then you have to readjust , and it takes a few days . We just sit in the house , hang with the family and then things get better . But it 's simple things of trash blowing across the road , reminded of an  improvised explosive device  , you might want to swerve . So that 's why you just stay at home . " Former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura filed a lawsuit last year accusing Kyle of defaming him in the book by exaggerating his description of a fight between the two at the wake for SEAL Mikey Monsoor , who was killed in Iraq in 2006 . How the violent mentally ill can buy guns The book quoted Ventura , also a Navy veteran , as saying he "  hates America " and telling Kyle , who was mourning the death of a SEAL teammate , "  You deserve to lose a few . " Kyle described punching Ventura out at the Coronado , California , bar . In the suit , Ventura denied making the statements in the book , contending that "  the entire story about a confrontation with and physical assault and battery of Governor Ventura was false and defamatory . " At his deposition last November , Kyle continued to insist his book accurately described his clash with Ventura . "  He was complaining about the war , that we should n't be there , " Kyle testified . "  Complaining about Bush , that , you know , Bush was a war criminal . How we were killing innocent men and women and children overseas . " Kyle acknowledged in his deposition saying that he hated Ventura "  with a passion . " His relationship with another politician was warmer . His company did some security work for former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , whom he met while on the "  Stars Earn Stripes " reality TV show with her husband , Todd . "  Chris was a wonderful man , a good friend , and a true American hero who loved our country and served honorably . He was loved and admired by so many , and he will never be forgotten , " the Palins said in a statement Sunday . Much of Kyle 's time since leaving the military was spent building Craft International , which offers military training for law enforcement and provides security services . His company also organizes "  civilian and corporate shoots " at gun ranges , he said . "  It is only fun day shoots , self-defense , or weapons familiarization , " he said . In a Guns.com interview at a gun dealers convention in Las Vegas last month , Kyle was asked about President Barack Obama 's gun control proposals , which he said he believed to be aimed at "  trying to ban everything . " Banning 30-round magazines for assault rifles would be "  opening the door to start taking more of our rights , " he said . Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Nick Valencia and John Branch contributed to this report .	Kyle was fatally shot at a Texas gun range by a former Marine Saturday , police say "  I 'm a better husband and father than I was a killer , " he told a Time interviewer He wrote "  American Sniper , " which describes his time in Iraq , where he killed 160 "  Despite what your momma told you , Violence does solve problems , " Kyle 's company motto says
CNN  -- Ken Saro-Wiwa Jr. , the son of executed Nigerian writer Ken Saro-Wiwa , spoke exclusively to CNN 's Becky Anderson about Shell 's $ 15.5 million payout to settle a lawsuit accusing the oil giant of complicity in the deaths of Saro-Wiwa and other activists . Following is a transcript of the interview . Saro-Wiwa said the settlement would allow the families of the victims to draw a line under the past . Q : What does this settlement mean to you and the other plaintiffs ? A : Well , I think in the end it enables us to draw a line under the past and actually face the future with something tangible , some hope that this is the beginning of a better engagement between all the stakeholders in this issue . Q : Would your father have been pleased do you think ? A : Yes , I think he was always a pragmatic kind of guy , someone who was always insistent that individuals should serve the collective at every point , and I think this is something that speaks to that . Q : Why did you settle ? A : Because it offered the opportunity , as I said , to draw a line under the past so that we can move on with our lives and you have to remember there are 10 people involved in this plaintiff , all with varying experiences and aspirations . So we had to collectively agree what we wanted and engage with the terms and the offer on the table and it was exhaustively debated amongst ourselves , individually and collectively , and with our own attorney , so it was a very , very complicated and convoluted process and it did n't just happen overnight . It 's been a long , long time . Q : According to many experts , environmental abuses continue in Nigeria . Do they ? A : Yes , I think ... Look , there 's a separate issue ; this was a human rights violation case . Already Shell has admitted that there are environmental challenges there and it 's committed to doing a study to ascertain what the damages are with a view to remediating the environmental problems there so already that issue has been addressed by a separate forum . But this case was purely about human rights violation . Q : Is this justice do you think for the Ogoni ? A : Well , for the Ogonis , we were offered this and we felt that this represents some kind of restitution for what we 've suffered but more critically I think also it offers a chance for us to face the future and the community to see that . We are n't speaking on behalf of the community , these are just 10 cases . Q : What does the future hold for the Ogoni people ? You say you are not speaking on their behalf but certainly you must have a feeling for them going forward ? A : Yes , I think we 're part of that collective ... but remember part of the settlement gives the bulk of the settlement to a trust and that trust is going to fund some particular initiatives which are going to be development initiatives decided by Ogoni people themselves . Some of the demands that we wanted in the early 90s in the Ogoni Bill of Rights such as using Ogoni resources for Ogoni development , I think some of the settlement speaks to some of that . Q : The fund will also , one assumes fund other civil cases ? A : No it wo n't . It 's very specific , the menu of things it can achieve , it seeks to do something very , very specific . Q : What are the broader implications do you think of this settlement for the oil industry and for multinationals in general , particularly in Nigeria but perhaps we should talk about Africa on a wider scale ? A : It very clearly sets a precedent that corporations have to be very careful when they operate in places like Africa ; this sets a precedent that you can be brought to trial in America for violations in Africa ... It took 13 years to go through the legal process but clearly before we started this , corporations felt they can almost operate with impunity but now I think the legal landscape has changed . Q : But it did take nearly 13 years , consequently what sort of precedent does that really set at the end of the days ? If people did n't have your effort , as it were to call on ? A : Well , I mean law is always hard won , justice is always hard won . You know unfortunately we were the templates or the precedent if you like and one never knows what impact this will have in the boardroom but certainly the headline issue is that you ca n't operate with impunity ; you can get caught and you will be taken to court and you will have to face a trial . Q : Why was it filed in New York ? A : Because of the Aliens Tort Claims Act ; it 's an old piece of legislation which lawyers have been using to bring cases against human rights violations in foreign jurisdictions so there was that opportunity to use that Act because the corporations involved were incorporated in the U.S. and the provisions of ATCA as its called enables aliens to bring American corporations to trial for violations in foreign jurisdictions . Q : You are currently an advisor to the Nigerian government on international affairs . I 'm assuming consequently you know the government and its ministers as well . How will they react to this case ? A : I think a lot of them privately have been very supportive . They felt that this needs to be done and I think there 's also the possibility this sends a message out to the wider Niger Delta that dialogue is important , that it 's a way to achieve some of the things that you actually want individually and collectively and I think we need that because of course the messages that we 're getting now are very grave messages . We do n't want a situation where violence is rewarded and non-violence is punished . The Ogoni people have always prosecuted their struggle in a non-violent platform and we fervently believe that that 's the way to go and the government is committed to dialogue and I think that 's where we need to go ; all the stakeholders have to come together to find a mutually beneficial arrangement to produce and it just ca n't be on the terms of the corporations .	Ken Saro-Wiwa 's son says Shell payout will let families move on with lives Executed environmental activist 's family sued oil company About half of settlement will go to help people of Ogoni region Residents have long complained that Shell was polluting land
London , England  CNN  -- Mohamed al Fayed , whose son died in the car crash that killed Princess Diana , has sold the iconic British department store Harrods , the advisers to the sale announced Saturday . Al Fayed , who has been chairman of the store for 25 years , has decided to retire and spend more time with his children and grandchildren , said Ken Costa , chairman of Lazard International . Al Fayed sold Harrods to Qatar Holding , which will become only the fifth owner of the store since it was created in 1849 , Costa said . "  In reaching the decision to retire , he wished to ensure that the legacy and traditions that he has built up in Harrods would be continued , and that the team that he has built up would be encouraged to develop the foundations that he has laid . " Costa said in a statement . "  Qatar Holding was specifically chosen by the  al Fayed family  as they had both the vision and financial capacity to support the long-term successful growth of Harrods . " Qatar Holding is a fully owned affiliate of Qatar Petroleum , a state-owned company based in Doha . It was in the mid-1980s that al Fayed bought Harrods , a high-end department store in London 's exclusive Knightsbridge neighborhood . In 2005 , he unveiled a bronze statue inside the store featuring Princess Diana and his son , Dodi Fayed . Titled "  Innocent Victims , " the statue was meant to depict the pair in eternal happiness together , al Fayed said at the time . Dodi Fayed and Diana died in 1997 when the car they were riding in crashed in a Paris tunnel as they were pursued by paparazzi . The Sunday Times Rich List two weeks ago put al Fayed 's personal fortune at # 650 million  $ 962 million  . It said he was only one of three people among the top 100 names on the list to have increased their wealth . "  What recession ? Not for Harrods this time , " al Fayed told the paper . Al Fayed , who is Egyptian , has lived in Britain since the 1970s and regards it as his home , but he has repeatedly been denied a British passport . Harrods was founded by London grocer Charles Henry Harrod , who originally set up shop in east London . Harrod wanted to escape the inner-city filth and capitalize on trade from the upcoming Great Exhibition in Hyde Park , so in 1849 he took over a small shop near the park in what was then the new district of Knightsbridge , on the site of the current store , according to Harrods . It was Harrods that had the very first sale , the Winter Clearance of 1894 . They also introduced the world 's first escalator in 1898 , according to the store -- with brandy at the top for nervous customers . In December 1983 , the Irish Republican Army detonated a car bomb near Harrods that killed six people during the Christmas shopping rush . Harrods was starting to find itself outmoded in the 1980s when al Fayed took over , purchasing it as part of the House of Fraser Group for # 615 million , the store says . Under al Fayed , Harrods went through a major refurbishment that included constructing the Egyptian Escalator , a $ 30 million "  homage to ancient Egypt . "	Harrods was founded by London grocer Charles Henry Harrod in 1849 Mohamed al Fayed took over the store in the 1980s as part of House of Fraser Group The Sunday Times Rich List put al Fayed 's personal fortune at $ 962 million In 2005 al Fayed unveiled a bronze statue inside the store featuring Princess Diana and his son Dodi Fayed
London  CNN  An investigation is underway after a canine competitor died the day after taking part in Crufts , one of the world 's most prestigious dog shows . An autopsy indicates he was poisoned . Three-year-old Irish setter Thendara Satisfaction -- known to his owners as Jagger -- took second prize in his class at the event in Birmingham , central England , on Thursday . But just a day later , after returning home to Belgium , he became ill . Owner-breeder Dee Milligan-Bott told CNN Jagger was "  finding it hard to breathe " so a veterinarian was called , but the dog died before he could get there . "  The vet thought it was suspicious , so carried out an autopsy , " she said . "  They found cubes of beef in his stomach that had at least two types of poison inside . Pieces of beef had been stitched together so that the poison did n't come out . "  He had enough in his system to kill a horse , according to the vet , " said Milligan-Bott , who is at a loss to explain why Jagger was targeted : "  We ca n't fathom why anyone would do this . " "  I 've been doing this for 30-odd years and I think I would have to give up on everything if I believed that someone who shows and breeds dogs would kill a dog . We all do this because we love dogs . If you hate me for being successful , then stick a brick through my window or something . But why would you involve a dog ? " Toxicology tests are being carried out . The vet has reported the dog 's death to Belgian police , and Milligan-Bott said she would likely contact West Midlands Police in the UK too . A spokesperson for the Kennel Club , organizers of the Crufts dog show , said there had never been such an incident in the history of the competition , which dates back to 1891 . "  We are deeply shocked and saddened to hear this terrible news and our heartfelt sympathies go out to Jagger 's owners , " said Caroline Kisko , secretary of the Kennel Club , in a statement . "  We understand that a toxicology report is due next week and that this matter has been reported to the police - we will work with them and help however we can . " Television personality and writer Clare Balding , who hosts TV coverage of Crufts in the UK , took to Twitter to express her shock at the news : "  Everyone at #Crufts2015 horrified at death of Irish Setter Jagger & post-mortem found poison . Awful for all concerned , " she tweeted .	Three-year-old Irish setter Jagger died suddenly after competing at Crufts dog show An autopsy revealed poison sewn into cubes of beef in his stomach "  We ca n't fathom why anyone would do this , " owner-breeder Dee Milligan-Bott tells CNN
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AMC 's "  Mad Men " won a fourth consecutive best drama series Emmy , while the ABC sitcom "  Modern Family " took top comedy honors at the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles Sunday night . PBS ' "  Downton Abbey , " a Masterpiece production , won the best miniseries Emmy , although HBO 's "  Mildred Pierce " and ReelzChannel 's "  The Kennedys " had a share in the acting honors . Charlie Sheen delivered onstage drama when he took the stage to present the trophy for best lead actor in a comedy series , which he called "  my old category . " Sheen , bounced from his hit sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " earlier this year after a spat with producers , said he wanted "  to take a moment to get something off my chest and say a few words to everyone here from ` Two and a Half Men . ' " "  From the bottom of my heart , I wish you nothing but the best for this upcoming season , " Sheen said . "  We spent eight wonderful years together and I know you will continue to make great television . " "  The Big Bang Theory 's " Jim Parsons won the category . When Sheen 's sitcom replacement , Ashton Kutcher , appeared with "  Two and a Half Men " co-star Jon Cryer to present an award , their banter was all about Sheen . "  I 'm that guy from ` Pretty in Pink , ' " Cryer said . "  And I 'm not Charlie Sheen , " said Kutcher . "  And Jon , I want to tell you something . I do not think that you are a troll . " It was a reference to Sheen 's public trashing of his former cast member . The ladies competing for best lead actress in a comedy series conspired on a gag when their category was called . Each , starting with "  Parks and Recreation " star Amy Poehler , walked on stage when their names were announced , lining up like beauty pageant contestants . Melissa McCarthy , who won for her work on the CBS sitcom "  Mike & Molly , " said backstage that it was Poehler 's idea . While the show ended with the "  Modern Family " cast onstage for the best comedy award , the sitcom also monopolized the first half-hour of the show , winning all of the first four Emmys handed out . The actors who play "  Modern Family " couple Phil and Claire Dunphy now have matching trophies as Julie Bowen and Ty Burrell won the Emmys for best supporting actress and actor , respectively . It was the first Emmy for each . "  I do n't know what I 'm going to talk about in therapy next week , " Bowen said in her acceptance speech . "  I won something ! " "  Modern Family " also claimed the Emmy for best directing in a comedy series , given to Michael Alan Spiller . The show 's writers Steven Levitan and Jeffrey Richman won for best writing in a comedy series . "  Welcome back to the ` Modern Family Awards , ' " host Jane Lynch said as the show resumed from a commercial break . The "  Glee " star is just the third woman ever to host the show , following in the footsteps of pioneers Angela Lansbury and Ellen DeGeneres . While "  Mad Men " again won the top drama award , it was practically shut out for the other categories . Despite 19 nominations , a hairstyling creative service Emmy was the only other trophy given the AMC series this year . HBO 's "  Boardwalk Empire " was also shut out in the acting categories , although the drama series won seven Emmy 's last week at the creative services ceremony and a best directing Emmy for Martin Scorsese . It was the first Emmy for Scorsese , who already has an Oscar from his career directing movies . "  We approach ` Boardwalk Empire ' as a film , a very long film , " Scorsese said backstage . He said telling stories in a cable series "  gives you more license and much more freedom " to develop characters . "  You can do something really extraordinary . " The four drama series acting awards were split among other series , including DirecTV 's "  Friday Night Lights , " which claimed the best lead actor Emmy for Kyle Chandler , who plays Coach Eric Taylor . Julianna Margulies , star of the CBS drama "  The Good Wife , " carried home the Emmy for best lead actress in a drama series . It was her second Emmy win after eight nominations . The most unusual acceptance speech may have been delivered by Peter Dinklage when he was given the Emmy for best supporting actor in a drama series . The co-star of HBO 's "  Game Of Thrones ' " took time to thank Kitty , who is the sitter for his dog , Kevin . "  She 's an important person in my life , " Dinklage said backstage . Margo Martindale , who portrays Mags Bennett in FX Networks "  Justified , " won the for best supporting actress in a drama series . "  Sometimes things just take time , " said Martindale as she accepted . "  Downton Abbey " was the most honored miniseries , with six Emmys , including for directing , writing , cinematography and costumes . Maggie Smith , who played the Dowager Countess of Grantham , won for best supporting actress , the mini-series only acting award . HBO 's "  Mildred Pierce " won five Emmys in the miniseries competition , including casting , music , art direction honors handed out last week . Guy Pearce , who played Monty Beragon in "  Mildred Pierce , " won for best supporting actor . "  I got to have sex with Kate Winslet many , many times , and I did n't realize it was going to result in this , " Pearce said in his acceptance . Kate Winslet , who played the title role in "  Mildred Pierce , " showed a high level of excitement when she accepted the best lead actress Emmy . "  I was truly extremely unprepared , " Winslet explained backstage . "  It comes out the way it comes out . " Barry Pepper , who portrayed Bobby Kennedy in ReelzChannel 's "  The Kennedys , " won the Emmy for best lead actor in a mini-series or movie . Comedy Central 's "  Daily Show " wons the Emmy for best variety , music or comedy series for a ninth year .	NEW : "  Mad Men " wins just two Emmys out of 19 nominations NEW : "  Modern Family " wins best comedy series Charlie Sheen wishes former castmates well "  Glee 's " Jane Lynch is just the third woman to host the Emmys
Scores of copies of Anne Frank 's diary and other books covering the Holocaust held by public libraries across Tokyo have been vandalized , local government officials said Friday . Pages have been torn out of at least 167 books -- most of them versions of "  Anne Frank : The Diary of a Young Girl " -- said authorities in the Suginami and Nakano wards of Tokyo . The diary , which has been read by millions of people around the world , is a Jewish girl 's account of hiding from the Nazis in Amsterdam during World War II . Local media in Japan have reported that the recent spate of vandalism of the book in Tokyo is more widespread than the just Suginami and Nakano . Damage to at least 265 copies of Anne Frank 's diary has been discovered at 31 libraries since January , the Kyodo news agency reported . The reports have stoked concern beyond Japan . The Simon Wiesenthal Center , the Los Angeles-based Jewish human rights organization , expressed "  shock " at the news . "  The geographic scope of these incidents strongly suggest an organized effort to denigrate the memory of the most famous of the 1.5 million Jewish children murdered by the Nazis in the World War II Holocaust , " Rabbi Abraham Cooper , associate dean of the center , said in a statement . Anne and her family spent 25 months hiding in cramped quarters in Amsterdam , living in fear of discovery by the Nazis . They were betrayed , arrested and deported in August 1944 . Anne died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp just weeks before it was liberated in 1945 . Cooper said the Simon Wiesenthal Center is "  calling on Japanese authorities to step up efforts to identify and deal with the perpetrators of this hate campaign . " The Japanese government said Friday that the police will fully investigate the matter , according to Kyodo . "  We can not accept it , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said at a news conference . "  It 's extremely regrettable and shameful . " Authorities in Suginami ward said pages had been torn from at least 119 books about Anne Frank , including her diary , in 11 public libraries . The first case of damage in the ward was reported February 6 . In Nakano ward , authorities said 54 books from 5 libraries were found to have ripped pages . Most of the books are about Anne Frank , the ward said , but others are about the Auschwitz concentration camp . Both wards said that so far they had been unable to identify the cause of the vandalism .	Libraries in Tokyo report vandalism targeting copies of famous Holocaust account Local media say at least 265 copies of the book have been damaged since January Calling the situation "  shameful , " the Japanese government says police will investigate A U.S.-based Jewish group calls the vandalism a "  hate campaign "
Tribune Media Services  -- When I 'm updating my guidebooks , one of my favorite places to visit is rollicking Amsterdam . This Dutch metropolis is ever changing -- and ever crowded with fun-loving sightseers . The Royal Palace in Amsterdam is re-opening after a three-year renovation . Throughout the year , visitors line up to see its three top sights : the Van Gogh Museum , the Rijksmuseum  with Rembrandts , Vermeers and more  , and the compelling Anne Frank House . The lines at the sights are generally for buying tickets rather than getting in . To avoid the wait , simply buy your tickets online on the museums ' Web sites . The Van Gogh Museum offers the world 's finest collection of Vincent 's paintings . But from now through June , it 's filled with even more . The special "  Van Gogh and the Colors of the Night " exhibit gathers together the artist 's nighttime works from other museums , including the world-famous "  Starry Night . " If you want to complement your Dutch art appreciation with some Dutch alcohol appreciation , gin drinkers can learn the fine points , create their own blend , and then have a bartender mix it on the spot at the new House of Bols : Cocktail & Genever Experience . This modern distillery , designed to give tourists an appreciation of Dutch gin , just opened across the street from the Van Gogh Museum .  And a few blocks away , beer lovers can soak up the recently re-opened Heineken Experience , located at the site of the former Heineken brewery . On sunny summer days , the Rijksmuseum offers a fun "  lunch-box-with-a-blanket-in-the-park " deal  about $ 17 with museum entry or about $ 6 for just the boxed lunch and a loaner blanket  . There are plenty of picnic spots on the pleasant museum grounds between the Rijks and Van Gogh museums . Across town , on the park-like square called the Rembrandtplein , you can now experience Rembrandt 's masterpiece , "  The Night Watch , " in 3-D by checking out a new , kid-friendly statue based on the painting . If inspired by your visit to the Anne Frank House , buy their new pamphlet , "  Persecution and Resistance in Amsterdam "  75 cents  , which leads you on a self-guided walk to the Dutch Resistance Museum and its impressive World War II exhibits . Fans of handbags , and perhaps even their reluctant spouses , will enjoy the hardworking Tassenmuseum Hendrikje  Museum of Bags and Purses  , which fills an elegant 1664 canal house with artifacts from 500 fascinating and creative years of bag and purse history . The Royal Palace on Amsterdam 's Dam Square re-opens to the public in June after three years of extensive renovations . When constructed in 1648 , this sumptuous building was one of Europe 's finest . Today , it 's the official  though not actual  residence of Queen Beatrix  she lives in The Hague  . In Amsterdam 's infamous Red Light District , a number of the windows that once displayed prostitutes now showcase the latest fashions -- lit by lights that are n't red . The city government is trying to rein in the sex trade and give the area -- so popular among certain "  window-shopping " visitors -- a little elegance . It 's taken over the window leases from landlords and rented them to local fashion designers instead . Amsterdam 's Central Train Station is being renovated and will remain a messy construction project that 's expected to inconvenience travelers through 2012 . You can save lots of time by getting train tickets and information in a small-town station  such as Haarlem  or at Schiphol Airport 's station  where there 's wonderful service  . Amsterdam 's towering yet relaxed Central Library , a short walk from its train station , offers hundreds of fast Internet terminals and welcomes tourists as well as locals to get online for free . While you 're there , enjoy the dramatic views from its terrace and a reasonable meal from its slick top-floor cafeteria . Or , perhaps you 'd like to check your email in a fog of marijuana smoke at one of the city 's many "  coffeeshops . " The Dutch use this English word to describe places that sell cannabis . While indoor tobacco smoke was banned in 2008 , pot smoke is no problem in these shops . In a twist that would seem strange to Americans , Dutch coffeeshops can actually lose their license if they allow tobacco smoking inside their premises . South of Amsterdam , idyllic Delft -- dreamy as a painting by hometown artist Johannes Vermeer -- now offers a fine Vermeer Center . While it does n't have any of the Dutch master 's 30-some originals  though Amsterdam 's Rijksmuseum has several  , the center does a good job tracing the creative mind of Delft 's favorite resident , and its shop is the ideal place to buy some "  sou-vermeers . " For about $ 13 , the tourist office offers a two-hour walking tour of the town that includes a canal boat trip -- just right to savor the place that inspired so much fine art . Offering new sights and old masterpieces , the Dutch do a dandy job of making this little country a delight for travelers . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	House of Bols gin distillery just opened near the Van Gogh Museum The Royal Palace on Amsterdam 's Dam Square re-opens to the public in June Vermeer Center in Delft traces the creative mind of the town 's favorite resident
CNN  -- Thailand deported about 450 Hmong refugees to Laos Monday and plans on evicting 3,900 more from a refugee camp , the government said . The forced repatriation prompted concern from human rights groups who say the refugees risk persecution in Laos . Many Hmong sided with the United States during the Vietnam War when the conflict spread to Laos . When the Communists assumed power in 1975 , thousands of Hmong fled to neighboring Thailand . The U.S. State Department said Monday that the Thai government had determined that many of the Hmong were in need of protection , and that such returns would "  imperil the well-being of many individuals . " The Thai government says the Hmong at the Huay Nam Khao Camp in Petchabun province in the north had left Laos not for fear of persecution but for financial reasons . They entered Thailand illegally and could not claim political asylum , the government says . On Monday , the Thai army put 448 Hmong on buses that were headed for Laos . Many refused to leave peacefully , Army Col. Thana Jaruwat said on national television . If they did not comply , the army will have to "  enforce the law , " he said without elaborating .	Thailand deports 450 Hmong refugees to Laos , plans on evicting 3,900 more Forced repatriation prompts rights group 's concern refugees risk persecution in Laos Many Hmong sided with U.S. in Vietnam War when the conflict spread to Laos When Communists took power in 1975 , thousands of Hmong fled to Thailand
Washington  CNN  -- It was supposed to be a cakewalk for Eric Cantor . The analysts said so . The polls said so . Cantor felt so comfortable that the House majority leader was n't in his Richmond , Virginia , district in June on the day of his Republican primary election . He lost -- badly -- to a little-known economics professor in one of the great American political upsets . How did the pundits and pollsters get it so wrong , and what does that mean for November 's congressional elections ? Here are five reasons to approach any prognostication with caution this time around : 1  Low turnout While more than half of eligible voters turn out for presidential elections , the percentage drops sharply in midterm balloting for all 435 House seats and about a third of the Senate . In Cantor 's 7th District race in Virginia , well below 20 % of eligible voters cast ballots on the day he lost . Such a low turnout makes the outcome more vulnerable to unpredictable factors such as bad weather , a campaign misstep or crossover voting -- in this case , Democrats who may have voted for tea party-backed David Brat in an effort to oust Cantor , the seven-term congressman considered a possible future House Speaker . Brat beat Cantor by more than 7,000 votes out of 65,000 cast . In 2012 , the turnout for the district 's Republican primary was about 47,000 votes , and there was no way to determine how many of the 18,000 additional voters this year were Democrats . 2  National mood Most observers think the more public distaste for Congress and politics , the lower the turnout in congressional elections . By that measure , polling stations may be particularly barren come November 4 . Approval for Congress is near record lows , and a Washington Post-ABC poll in early August showed that for the first time , a majority of Americans disapproved of their own representatives . "  Americans like to vote for someone , not against someone , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  If they perceive the ballot as a choice between the lesser of two evils , that 's one more excuse not to vote , and in midterms a lot of Americans do n't need many excuses to simply stay at home . " Facing such a disgruntled electorate , both parties seek to energize their respective bases to try to gain a turnout advantage . Republicans frame the election as the chance to increase their House majority and regain control of the Senate , which would strengthen the party 's ability to minimize or defeat the policies of Democratic President Barack Obama . Democrats reach out to demographics that traditionally support them -- single women , minorities and younger voters -- but traditionally do n't turn out strongly in midterm elections . 3  Polling problems Changing dynamics make effective polling more challenging . Cantor 's pollster badly underestimated the turnout for June 's primary , perhaps because he failed to anticipate Democratic crossovers and conservative disenchantment with his candidate . Whatever the reason , difficulty in knowing who will vote makes predicting the outcome a major challenge . Along with unorthodox tactics such as crossover voting , pollsters have a tougher time reaching a growing number of prospective voters through traditional methods . For example , fewer young voters have land-line telephones , the traditional polling medium for decades , meaning surveys must adapt by incorporating cellphone and Internet outreach to properly reflect the population . 4  Beware of the aggregate polls Many popular websites simply take whatever polls they can find and average them together . Some use more sophisticated mathematical models , but the principle is the same : The end product is only as good as the data it is based on . "  Computer programmers used to say , ` Garbage in , garbage out , ' and that 's true for virtually any mathematical model , " Holland said . "  Let 's say you have 10 polls in a state and five of them are partisan polls that are trying to spin the data for their candidate , three of them are cutting corners on their methodology , one of them is flat-out making the data up , and only one is a legitimate poll . " The lone legitimate poll will get "  swamped " in any aggregate model by the questionable polls , he continued , adding : "  Unfortunately , there are at least a few states where the skunky polls vastly outnumber the good ones . " 5  It 's all local "  All politics is local , " former House Speaker Tip O'Neill famously said , and that is particularly true in congressional elections . While voting takes place in all 50 states , the competition involves the district congressional races and statewide Senate races . That means an outcome of national significance can hinge on the result from a particular district or state . For example , which party wins a majority in the Senate depends on the outcomes of half a dozen races , including contests involving incumbent Democrats in Arkansas and North Carolina . "  If it 's sunny and warm in 48 states on Election Day and cold and rainy in Arkansas and North Carolina , control of the Senate could be determined by intensely local weather conditions , " Holland noted . CNN 's Dan Merica and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Low turnout in congressional elections can bring surprises Public distaste for Congress could mean fewer voters in November CNN 's Holland : Beware of aggregate polls "  All politics is local , " as former House Speaker Tip O'Neill said
Paris  CNN  -- A French cyclist taking part in the prestigious Tour de France race has been arrested , a national police official said Tuesday , leading his team to suspend him while claims of doping are investigated . Cofidis , a professional cycling team , said its cyclist Remy di Gregorio "  had allegedly attempted to resort to the use of doping substances to improve his performance " and therefore it was suspending him as a precaution . Di Gregorio , 26 , is being questioned in police custody but has not been charged , according to the national police official who has been briefed in detail on the matter . Police raided the hotel where some members of the Cofidis team were staying in Bourg-en-Bresse , in eastern France , Tuesday morning , he said . Two other people were detained in Di Gregorio 's hometown of Marseille in connection with the ongoing investigation , the police official said . Judge tosses out Armstrong suit against anti-doping agency The office of the Marseille prosecutor , Jacques Dallest , said in a statement that an investigation into the use of illegal substances had been opened against "  a professional cyclist " as well as person "  practicing naturopathy . " One of the people involved was carrying , in a vehicle , products of which the exact nature is still being determined , the statement said . If proven , the crime carries a maximum penalty of seven years of imprisonment and a fine of â ‚ ¬ 150,000  $ 184,000  . Cofidis manager Yvon Sanquer told CNN : "  In France , there is the presumption of innocence , so until proven guilty , we can not say he  Di Gregorio  is guilty . " Cofidis said in a written statement that it had "  very little information " at present , but that the suspicions weighing against Di Gregorio "  lead us to apply the current sanctions in a strict and immediate manner in our team , concerning the violation of ethical rules . " "  Remy di Gregorio is therefore suspended , from now , as a precaution , as we wait for more ample information concerning the reality of the crimes of which he is accused . If these crimes are established , he will be dismissed immediately as per the terms of his contract and the ethical policy of the team . " Cofidis said what it called an "  isolated case " should not affect the rest of the team and that its other riders would be ready to start the next stage Wednesday as planned . The team has had a long-standing commitment to fighting doping and will be reinforcing its prevention efforts , the statement said . "  Those who cheat do not have a place at Cofidis , " it added . The investigating judge in the case is Annaick Le Goff , who is a judge for the health division , the national police official said . Tuesday 's arrest was made in a joint operation with the division of public health of the Marseille Gendarmerie , he added . Di Gregorio is currently ranked 35 out of 178 competitors , according to the Tour de France website , trailing British cyclist Bradley Wiggins , who holds the lead by just over 18 minutes ahead of Wednesday 's resumption of the competition . Tuesday was the first rest day for the riders taking part in the world 's best-known cycling race , which began June 30 . In the course of the race , which consists of a short time trial prologue followed by 20 longer stages , the cyclists will cover 3,497 kilometers  2,173 miles  , including grueling mountain climbs , before they cross the finish line in Paris on July 22 . Di Gregorio joined the Cofidis team this year , having previously competed with the Astana professional cycling team , which is backed by Kazakhstan . He came in 78th in the Tour de France in 2010 and 59th in 2008 , and has won three stages in the eight years he 's been competing in the race . Spanish cyclist Alberto Contador was part of the Astana team when he won the Tour de France in 2010 . Later , after he failed a drug test , he was stripped of the title and banned from competing for two years by the Court of Arbitration for Sport . The issue of alleged doping in professional cycling was thrust into the spotlight last month , when the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency accused U.S. cyclist Lance Armstrong of using performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong , who denies the allegations , faces a lifetime ban and could be stripped of his seven Tour de France victories if found guilty by the USADA . He won the Tour each year from 1999 to 2005 . A lawsuit filed by Armstrong which sought to halt the USADA 's legal case against him was thrown out by a federal judge Monday . CNN 's Dheepthi Namasivayam reported from Paris and Laura Smith-Spark from London .	NEW : The Cofidis cycling team says the rest of its riders should not be penalized Remy Di Gregorio is suspected of doping offenses , the cycling team says Gregorio has been suspended from the team midway through the Tour de France The Tour de France is the world 's best-known cycle race
Some veterans injured in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan are being made to wait for months in the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Health Care System despite a national mandate they be given priority access to medical care , a VA doctor told CNN . Dr. Katherine Mitchell , medical director of the Phoenix VA 's post-deployment clinic , outlined the allegations in a report that aired Wednesday night on CNN 's "  AC 360 ° . " She accused the Phoenix VA -- up until at least three weeks ago -- of not following a mandate that the highest priority be given to new or injured veterans for scheduling appointments . Wait lists in Phoenix for veterans injured in combat in Iraq and Afghanistan can be "  six months , nine months or longer , " Mitchell said . "  People that are 100 % service-connected that are polytrauma were waiting anywhere from six to 10 months to get into a new appointment when I found out about 'em , " she said . "  We 're talking about people that were injured by being blown up by IEDs . We 're talking about people who had a mental breakdown and have severe PTSD and ... are having trouble functioning . " Mitchell told CNN that in some instances because of those wait times , case managers in her clinic and patient advocates ask : "  This guy ca n't wait . Can you see him ? " The doctor said she reported the alleged practice to the VA 's Office of the Inspector General . The VA did not directly respond to Mitchell 's allegations , referring CNN instead to the testimony of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki before a Senate committee looking into the allegations : "  It is important to allow OIG 's independent and objective review to proceed until completion , and OIG has advised VA against providing information that could potentially compromise their ongoing review . " Mitchell 's claims are the latest in a rapidly unfolding scandal amid allegations of scheduling tricks and secret lists to hide monthslong waits for care . These accusations have mushroomed since CNN first reported the problem in November in an investigation examining several VA hospitals . Read the story that helped expose the problem The most disturbing problems emerged at the Phoenix VA , with sources revealing details of a secret waiting list . According to the sources , at least 40 American veterans died while waiting for care at the VA there . The allegations have been followed by news of investigations at more than two dozen facilities across the nation . The problem , according to Mitchell , has to do with the VA not having enough medical providers to care for veterans . There are a few reasons for this , she said : low pay , lack of qualified professionals applying to work at the VA and a slow hiring process . "  As a result , you 've got a lot of patients and not enough providers , " she said . "  It 's not just Phoenix VA. . It 's across the country , which is why everyone is hiding a backlog . " Mitchell 's allegations came the same day President Barack Obama vowed to hold accountable anyone who manipulated or falsified records at VA facilities . He also said he was sending his deputy chief of staff , Rob Nabors , to visit the Phoenix facility and interview the VA office 's interim director . Mitchell said she has not dealt with a veteran patient who subsequently died , but she said she was aware of a disturbing trend of suicides . "  These guys who committed suicide , who were successful suicide completions , would have benefited from more intense mental health treatment , " she said . "  And those appointments were n't available . " So why has n't anyone been fired yet ? Clay Aiken : Buck has to stop with Obama	Dr. Katherine Mitchell says injured war veterans can wait up to 10 months to be seen "  We 're talking about people that were injured by being blown up by IEDs , " she says Mitchell says she reported alleged practice to the VA 's Office of Inspector General The VA did not directly comment , referring CNN to Eric Shinseki 's Senate testimony
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The "  crime scene cookies " , "  baaji custard " and "  sponge shafts " depicted in Oliver Beale 's letter of complaint to Virgin Atlantic struck a chord worldwide . Mean cuisine ? Airline industry experts insist standards of in-flight food are improving . The missive he sent to Virgin chairman Sir Richard Branson about a meal he received on board a Virgin flight from Mumbai to London in December spread across the web and email with a vengeance . Not only was this a complaint letter par excellence , but it hit upon one of the most emotive subjects of long-haul air travel : the in-flight meal . Read the letter here . "  Food gets everybody going , whether they are sitting at the back end or the front end of the plane , " says Peter Miller , marketing director at Skytrax , a UK-based aviation research organization . "  Apart from the sheer fact you might be hungry , it is there to alleviate the boredom . Because of that people tend to focus on it more . " But the criticism passengers target at airline food is not always warranted , Miller argues . Skytrax has been tracking airline service for a decade and every year it ranks airlines according to catering in economy , business and first class . Miller acknowledges that there have been cut backs on catering across short-haul flights and a decline in spending on food in long-haul economy . But Skytrax 's research has also revealed a general improvement in standards over the last five years . "  We are actually strong supporters of the overall quality that is served up across most airlines in most parts of the world , " says Miller . Standards have improved firstly as a result of greater competition between airline catering companies , says Miller . What do you think ? Are in-flight meals getting better or worse ? What was your worse meal ? Sound off below . Austrian catering company DO & CO has transformed the food served onboard Austrian Airlines and Turkish Airlines flights . Skytrax reported a 35 percent increase in customer satisfaction for Turkish Airlines since DO & CO was hired in 2007 . "  In the last 15-20 years , the industry has focused on lean production . But we believe -LSB- airline catering -RSB- is not the job of a car manufacturer , " says Attila Dogudan , CEO of DO & CO. . Good quality airline food not only depends on the quality of raw ingredients , he says , but also the intangible elements of good cuisine . "  If you have chefs doing 3,000 filets on the grill , after 300 they lose the passion , " says Dogudan . To inspire enthusiasm in its kitchens , DO & CO says it employs an unusually high ratio of chefs to work on a greater variety of dishes . They say they also insist on training cabin staff in food service ; they replace the dreaded disposable food trays with crockery ; and give passengers menus explaining where their fresh , local ingredients come from . Airlines also use food as a marketing tool and improve standards to attract premium customers . Austrian Airlines has won the Skytrax award for Best Business Class Catering for the last two years . As Michael Braun , spokesman at Austrian Airlines says , "  the current situation in the airline industry is tough and costs have to be cut . But the competition is also very tough , so we need something that makes us unique compared to other airlines . " And for Austrian Airlines , one unique selling point is its food . There is an on-board chef on every Austrian Airlines flight who puts the crucial finishing touches on premium-class meals . The airline also offers a "  Vienna coffee house in the air " and one quarter of flight attendants are trained sommeliers to guide passengers through the extensive wine list . Airlines worldwide also hire celebrity chefs to add prestige to their culinary efforts . British chef , Gordon Ramsay is one of Singapore Airline 's "  Culinary Panel " ; Juan Amador works with Lufthansa ; and United Airlines enlisted the services of U.S. chef Charlie Trotter to inspire its in-flight menu . Chefs help airlines design meals that perform at high altitude . As Michelle Bernstein , Delta 's celebrity chef has said , palates weaken in pressurized air cabins , which means dishes need to be made a more flavorful and seasoned than they would be on the ground . Miller at SkyTrax is skeptical about the true benefits a celebrity chef can bring to onboard catering . After all , Gordon Ramsay is n't actually in the cabin sautéing the potatoes . But he does acknowledge that some chefs have influenced a new style of in-flight cuisine . Chef Neil Perry , hired by Qantas in 2003 , initiated a move to healthy eating in first and business class . His work has since influenced standards across catering in all classes . Qantas won the Skytrax award for Best Economy Class Catering in 2008 partly as a result of simple enhancements such as the availability of fresh fruit between meals and from the self-serve bar in economy on its A380 aircraft . But as airlines grapple with a deepening recession , can passengers expect treats to vanish from food trays ? Across short-haul flights , making cuts is an "  easier game , " says Miller . Passengers notice it far less if an airline switches a sandwich for a packet of biscuits and a plastic cup of coffee , he says . But on long-haul flights , airlines are restrained in what they can cut . Miller : "  People measure the standard of their flight by the quality of the food or the size of the portion they get . If a meal is cut back too severely they are going to walk away . " How important is food for you on flights ? Is it good enough ? Sound off below .	In-flight food has been the butt of much criticism for the airline industry Industry experts say quality is improving despite some budget cutbacks Airline food is back in focus after a six-page rant from a Virgin passenger The complaint letter referred to the passenger 's "  culinary journey of hell "
CNN  If you cared deeply about something , would you protest ? Make a sign ? Join a demonstration ? How long could you keep going for , in the face of indifference and inaction ? When more than 200 Nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago by Boko Haram militants , millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return . Charles Alasholuyi was one of those people -- from celebrities to world leaders -- voicing their anger via #BringBackOurGirls , one of the top Twitter hashtags of 2014 , used in more than four million tweets . But as weeks turned into months , there was still no sign of the missing girls . The spotlight on the campaign faded . People stopped tweeting . They stopped marching . They stopped pleading with the Nigerian government to do more to rescue the young students . It seemed everyone had given up hope that the girls would come back . Many questioned whether they were even still alive . Everyone , that is , except Alasholuyi . The marketing professional and father-of-three has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag , have his colleague take his photo with it , and post it on CNN iReport . Alasholuyi , a believer in the saying that "  an injury done to one , is an injury done to all , " says he does this to help give the families of the girls a voice . He admits his daily routine can be stressful and frustrating and he hopes that one day soon , he will be able to stop doing it . But so far he has n't dared give up his commitment , saying he feels a moral obligation to continue posting his daily photo until the girls are returned . He says he does n't want anyone to forget about them and the struggles their families are facing every day the girls are missing . #BringBackOurGirls one year on : ` We should all feel shame ' Alasholuyi adds messages on the signs like "  over 200 stolen dreams , " "  save the girls now " and "  our government has a responsibility to protect us all . " Over the past year , he has also worked with organizations who are holding the Nigerian government accountable , demanding they do more to find the girls . Most recently , he participated in a 10-kilometer march through Lagos . He has also met local leaders to highlight the need for girls to be able to get an education without the fear of being abducted . Malala 's letter to the abducted schoolgirls Alasholuyi has also appealed to his government -- and other nations -- to fight the violence imposed by Boko Haram which has carried out multiple attacks and abductions since the kidnapping of the Chibok girls . "  Yesterday was Chibok , the day before yesterday it was somewhere in the north , today it could be another town . Tomorrow it could be my village , " he said . "  Why not cry out loud now for the whole world to come to our aid and make sure that the Boko Haram insurgency and their senseless abductions are nipped in the bud . " He told CNN he believes the newly-elected government , which is due to take office on May 29 , will step up efforts to locate the girls . He is confident president elect Muhammadu Buhari , the country 's newly-elected president and a retired Major General in the Nigerian Army , will do more to combat the threat of Boko Haram . Alasholuyi says he believes in miracles and hopes his passion , commitment and determination to help the Chibok girls through his daily photos will one day bring them home safely . How the world has changed since the kidnappings	Some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern Nigeria by Boko Haram a year ago Mass abduction prompted global outcry , with protesters around the world under the #BringBackOurGirls banner Charles Alasholuyi has held up a #BringBackOurGirls sign almost every day since , to keep up awareness
CNN  -- It appears that Kevin Bacon was one degree too close to Bernie Madoff . Kevin Bacon and his wife , Kyra Sedgwick , had investments with Bernie Madoff , Bacon 's publicist says . Bacon , the prolific actor , and his wife , fellow screen star Kyra Sedgwick , had investments with Madoff , the financial guru accused of swindling his clients out of $ 50 billion in a massive Ponzi scheme , Bacon 's publicist told CNN Tuesday . Publicist Allen Eichhorn did not say how much the couple lost , declining to address reports that the figure was in the millions . "  Let 's not speculate , " he said . Dreamworks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg and a charity run by director Steven Speilberg mark some of the other Hollywood heavyweights allegedly bilked by Madoff , who remains in his Manhattan home on house arrest after posting $ 10 million bail . Bacon , whose credits include "  Mystic River , " "  Footloose " and the recent political biopic "  Frost/Nixon , " has appeared in 64 movies or television programs since 1978 , according to the Internet Movie Database . It 's a career that spawned the parlor game "  Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon , " in which players attempt to link any other actor to Bacon based on the massive number of co-stars with whom he has worked . Sedgwick stars in TNT 's "  The Closer , " and has screen credits that include "  Singles " and "  Born on the Fourth of July . " TNT is a unit of Time Warner , CNN 's parent company . Madoff was charged earlier this month with securities fraud in a scandal that has shaken financial communities around the globe . He is accused of running the $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme from his investment advisory business -- a scam that could result in huge losses to financial firms , charities and individual investors worldwide .	Bernard Madoff is accused of operating a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme Actor Kevin Bacon and former Gov. Eliot Spitzer are among alleged victims Madoff is a Wall Street adviser and former Nasdaq chairman
Brunswick , Georgia  CNN  -- A Glynn County , Georgia , grand jury indicted two teenage defendants in the death of a 13-month-old boy , the district attorney announced Wednesday . Because the defendants were younger than 18 when the killing took place on Thursday , they can not face the death penalty if convicted . De'Marquise Elkins , 17 , and Dominique Lang , 15 , were charged with murder last week and made their first court appearance Monday . CNN is identifying Lang because he is charged as an adult and media in the community have been naming him since he was arrested . Elkins faces malice and felony murder charges . Lang is accused of felony murder . Among other charges , each teen is accused of aggravated assault , criminal attempt to commit armed robbery and first-degree cruelty to children . Elkins also is accused of attempted robbery on March 11 . According to the indictment , the gun used in each case was a .22 - caliber revolver . Last week , Sherry West told reporters she was pushing her baby , Antonio Santiago , in a stroller in broad daylight in Brunswick , Georgia , when two teenagers approached her . One demanded money and pointed at her what West first thought was a fake gun . But he fired at her twice , missing her head and hitting her in the leg , West said . The teen then shot the baby Antonio in the face , West said . Neither teen entered a plea during Monday 's court hearing . The indictment also includes charges against Elkins ' mother , Karimah , his sister , Sabrina Elkins ; and an aunt , Katrina Elkins . Karimah and Katrina Elkins are accused of making a false statement . Karimah and Sabrina Elkins are charged with tampering with evidence by throwing a firearm into a pond . The mother also is accused of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon . Mom to teenage son accused of shooting baby : ' I love you ' Baby 's death marks 2nd time Georgia mom loses a son to violence	NEW : Suspect 's relatives also indicted Two teenagers indicted by Georgia grand jury They face murder , other charges in baby 's death 15-year-old suspect , Dominique Lang , charged as adult
Ukrainian security forces battled pro-Russian militants in the eastern flashpoint city of Slovyansk on Monday as Kiev tackled the gunmen who have overrun the region . Military gains were evident on the main highway into Slovyansk , a rebel stronghold , as government forces moved in . A CNN team on the ground saw a substantial number of militants bolster their defensive positions and checkpoints inside the city . One civilian car was hit in the fighting , its exterior damaged by bullet holes . At a local hospital , the CNN team saw several people injured from the heavy clashes . One woman had been shot in the head , probably in a crossfire , and two pro-Russian militants were also brought in . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said four people were killed and nearly 30 injured in the city . It quoted local residents as saying the attackers had shot at residential buildings and set them on fire . Militants blamed Ukrainian forces for the civilian casualties . In a separate statement , the Ukrainian Defense Ministry said a military helicopter was shot down "  during a combat mission and patrolling in the area " of Slovyansk on Monday , but the pilots survived after it crashed into a river . They were later rescued . Ukraine 's embattled new leaders have launched their most intensive effort yet to dislodge pro-Russian separatists who have reportedly seized government buildings in nearly a dozen cities and towns . Kiev authorities describe the separatists as "  terrorists . " But the rebels say they are defending Russian-speaking areas of the east against Ukrainian "  fascists " trying to root out Russian influence in the country . In a statement Monday , Russia 's Foreign Ministry accused the Kiev government of "  continuing a war against the people of their own country . " "  We again urge the Kiev organizers of terror against their own people to come to their senses , stop the bloodshed , withdraw troops and sit down , finally , at the negotiating table to start a normal dialogue on ways to resolve the political crisis , " the ministry said . Many experts say Russia may be provoking unrest in eastern Ukraine to justify an incursion . Riot-hit Odessa The uprisings began when President Viktor Yanukovych , a supporter of closer ties with Moscow , was toppled by demonstrations led by pro-Western figures in February , namely in Kiev , the capital . Violence soon erupted in the east and south of the country , escalating dramatically last week . On Sunday , pro-Russian sympathizers smashed their way into a police station in the Black Sea port city of Odessa , demanding their detained comrades be released . In another victory for a violent crowd in east Ukraine and yet another humiliation for state authorities , police did n't try to stop them . Instead , they offered the crowd a deal , releasing 67 alleged enemies of the state if the furious crowd went home . Sunday 's storming of the Odessa police station -- just two days after more than 40 people were killed in a street battle and deadly blaze in the city -- was one more example of how Ukraine 's new Western-backed leaders are struggling to maintain law and order in the south and east of the country . It also raises questions about the ability of the army and police to confront an uprising that Kiev says is backed by Moscow -- an accusation the Kremlin denies . The men released Sunday had been detained over the weekend after bloody clashes between supporters and opponents of Russia in Odessa on Friday , which ended in the deadly blaze . Forty-six people were killed in the bloodshed -- the deadliest since Yanukovych was ousted . Video posted on YouTube appeared to show supporters of Kiev 's government throwing Molotov cocktails at the building where pro-Russian separatists had reportedly taken up positions . The footage , which CNN could not independently confirm , showed people sitting on ledges trying to escape the fire and thick smoke . In an attempt to reassert Kiev 's authority , Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk went to Odessa to appeal for unity while accusing Russia of provoking the clashes . Ukraine 's Cabinet said it would offer financial assistance to the victims ' families . "  This is the wake-up call for the entire country , for reconciliation . We need to realize that Russians want to eliminate our country , " Yatsenyuk said . His message is a tough sell in a city where so many now believe people who speak Russian are being killed and arrested by forces loyal to the Ukrainian government . Military action Ukraine 's government reported some progress over the weekend in its military campaign . Officials said security forces had regained control of a TV tower in Kramatorsk , some 10 miles  16 kilometers  south of Slovyansk . Residents in Kramatorsk reported hearing gunfire and a CNN team on the outskirts of Kramatorsk saw troop carriers moving toward the city center Saturday . Amateur video posted online -- the authenticity of which could not be confirmed by CNN -- showed burned buses , plumes of smoke and residents calmly observing it all . Saturday actually featured a rare bright spot in the volatility : the release of seven international military observers and five Ukrainians from the Defense Ministry who had been held hostage for eight days in Slovyansk . However , in another challenge to Kiev , separatist leader Valeriy Bolotov in Luhansk declared a state of emergency and announced the formation of a "  South-East " army for the entire region . In a video statement aired on local stations , Bolotov introduced a curfew , a ban on political parties and his expectation that local law enforcement officials will take an oath of allegiance to the people of Luhansk . In Donetsk , separatists say they are preparing their own referendum on May 11 to ask residents whether they want sovereignty from Ukraine -- an echo of events that led to Moscow wresting Crimea from Kiev . Denis Pushilin , the self-declared chairman of the Donetsk People 's Republic , told CNN the question on the ballot paper would read : "  Do you support the act of state sovereignty of the Donetsk Republic ? " to which voters can respond with "  Yes " or "  No . " He said enough ballot papers had already been printed to hold the vote . Tensions with Russia Separatists -- many of them of Russian descent -- say they believe the government in Kiev is illegitimate because it formed after what they call the illegal ousting of Yanukovych in February . Officials in Kiev accuse Moscow of meddling by supporting the separatists . NATO has estimated that up to 40,000 Russian troops are now near the border with Ukraine , which has made Kiev 's government and neighboring nations wary of invasion . A senior U.S. official told CNN on Monday that the latest intelligence still showed 40,000 to 50,000 Russian troops on the border . "  There has been no major change in force disposition or readiness and no indications of preparations for an invasion , " the official said , adding that the U.S. continues to assess the situation . The troops are so close to the border , an invasion could happen with little or no warning , the official said . Russia and the West squared off diplomatically over the fate of Ukraine when Moscow annexed the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea in March after a hastily called referendum and Yanukovych 's ouster . He was pushed from office after months of protests by people upset that he had turned away from Europe in favor of Moscow . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius warned Monday there could be fresh sanctions on Russia if Ukraine 's presidential elections do not take place on May 25 . Russia has condemned Kiev 's military action in the volatile east . Dmitry Peskov , Russian President Vladimir Putin 's spokesman , said Russia 's government had received thousands of calls since Friday from people in southeastern Ukraine . The callers described the situation as "  horrendous " and pleaded for Russia 's involvement . "  Most of the people literally demand active help from Russia , " he said . The government in Kiev is bracing for further unrest in the run-up to May 9 , a national holiday to commemorate the end of the second world war . Interim President Oleksandr Turchynov told local TV that checkpoints had been set up around the capital in case of possible "  provocations . "	Russia accuses Kiev of waging war on its own people Ukrainian forces clash with pro-Russian militants in the flashpoint city of Slovyansk Ukraine 's Interior Ministry says four people were killed and nearly 30 injured in the city Kiev says it launched a military campaign to dislodge pro-Russian separatists
Hank Williams Jr. apologized Tuesday for comparing President Barack Obama to Adolf Hitler , a remark that prompted controversy and resulted in "  Monday Night Football " pulling his popular musical introduction from this week 's game . His statement Tuesday went beyond his Monday statement , in which he said "  my analogy was extreme -- but it was to make a point . " On Tuesday , the country singer stated : "  I have always been very passionate about politics and sports and this time it got the best or worst of me . "  The thought of the leaders of both parties jukin ' -LSB- sic -RSB- and high fiven ' -LSB- sic -RSB- on a golf course , while so many families are struggling to get by , simply made me boil over and make a dumb statement , and I am very sorry if it offended anyone . I would like to thank all my supporters . This was not written by some publicist , " Williams wrote . Williams made the comparison on Fox News this week when he was asked about Obama and House Speaker John Boehner , a Republican , playing on the same team in a June golf game . Earlier Tuesday , the Anti-Defamation League condemned Williams ' comments and praised ESPN for pulling his "  Are You Ready for Some Football ? " musical recording that opens "  Monday Night Football . " "  The Holocaust was a singular event in human history , and it is an insult to the memory of the millions who died as a result of Hitler 's plan of mass extermination to compare the Nazi dictator to any American president , " said Abraham H. Foxman , ADL national director and a Holocaust survivor . "  Hank Williams Jr. should know better . He owes an apology to Holocaust survivors , their families , and the brave American soldiers who gave of themselves to fight the Nazi menace during World War II . The last thing we need is to enter another election cycle on a sour note tainted with inappropriate , tired and over-the-top analogies to the Nazis , " he said . "  ESPN responded appropriately and did the right thing in pulling the Hank Williams Jr. football song from the airwaves , " Foxman said . On Tuesday , ESPN said it had made no decision on Williams ' future beyond the Monday night telecast , according to Bill Hofheimer , senior director of communications at ESPN . Williams has criticized Obama in the past , when the Democrat was running for the presidency . In 2008 , Williams was even mentioned in some media outlets as saying he was considering running for the U.S. Senate as a Republican in the next election cycle , but those plans never materialized . Williams , who supported the Republican ticket in 2008 and even penned a song called "  McCain-Palin Tradition , " said during that campaign that candidate Obama did n't like the national anthem . The "  McCain-Palin Tradition " song , which is a riff on the Williams tune "  Family Tradition , " included a line suggesting that Obama has "  terrorist friends . " The day before voting in the 2008 election , Williams said : "  You know , I 'm usually at Monday Night Football tonight , but Colorado , this is a lot more important tonight . Join me now in our national -- you know , that song that , uh , Mr. Obama 's not real crazy about , we 're singing it right now . " Williams then performed his version of the anthem . In an appearance on Fox News ' "  Fox and Friends " on Monday morning , Williams referred to a June golf game with Obama and House Speaker John Boehner on the same team , against Vice President Joe Biden and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , as "  one of the biggest political mistakes ever . " Asked what he did n't like about it , Williams said , "  Come on , come on . That 'd be like Hitler playing golf with  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu . OK . Not hardly . " When one of the Fox News interviewers later pointed out that Williams invoked "  one of the most hated people in all of the world to describe ... the president , " Williams responded : "  That is true , but I 'm telling you like it is , you know . That just was n't a good thing . It just did n't fly . So anyway , like Fred Thompson said , you do n't want to ask me a question because I 'm going to give you too straight of an answer . So talk about something else . " Thompson , an actor and ABC Radio Network commentator , was a Republican senator from Tennessee and one-time candidate for the Republican presidential nomination . In a statement Monday , ESPN said that while Williams "  is not an ESPN employee , we recognize that he is closely linked to our company through the open to ` Monday Night Football . ' We are extremely disappointed with his comments and as a result we have decided to pull the open from tonight 's telecast . " In a statement issued through a representative , Williams , son of legendary country singer Hank Williams , acknowledged his analogy was "  extreme -- but it was to make a point . " "  Some of us have strong opinions and are often misunderstood , " the country singer said . " ... I was simply trying to explain how stupid it seemed to me -- how ludicrous that pairing was . They 're polar opposites , and it made no sense . They do n't see eye-to-eye and never will . " Williams , however , said he has "  always respected the office of the president . " Still , he noted , "  Every time the media brings up the tea party , it 's painted as racist and extremists -- but there 's never a backlash , no outrage to those comparisons . ... Working-class people are hurting -- and it does n't seem like anybody cares . When both sides are high-fiving it on the ninth hole when everybody else is without a job -- it makes a whole lot of us angry . Something has to change . The policies have to change . " In Nashville , the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum said the controversy wo n't affect its ongoing exhibit of "  Family Tradition : The Williams Family Legacy , " a 5,000-square-foot display about Williams and his family , including his father , an iconic country singer himself , spokeswoman Tina Wright said . In 2009 , the museum extended the exhibit through the end of 2011 , citing "  overwhelming positive response , " spokesmen said .	"  I am very sorry if it offended anyone , " Williams says of his comparison Earlier , the Anti-Defamation League said Williams owed Holocaust survivors an apology ESPN has yet to decide on future uses of Williams ' "  Are You Ready for Some Football ? " Country singer compared Obama to Adolf Hitler in Fox News remarks
EW.com  -- Sony 's $ 230 million alien-zapping sequel "  Men In Black 3 " topped the box office over the three-day weekend frame with an estimated $ 55 million . Although the Will Smith action-comedy did n't exactly trip out of the gate , "  Men In Black 3 's " start is troubling considering its gigantic budget and supposed built-in audience . Fortunately , as is so often the case these days , international results proved stronger . Sony says the film has taken in $ 132 million overseas in its initial week of release . Marvel 's "  The Avengers " held strong in second place with $ 37 million -- a 34 percent drop from last weekend . The superhero ensemble crossed the $ 500 million mark on Saturday , its 23rd day of release , effectively smashing the record previously held by "  Avatar , " which took 32 days to reach the same milestone . It 's earned $ 513.7 million total . Last weekend 's openers "  Battleship " and "  The Dictator " took up the next two spots on the chart . "  Battleship " plummeted 58 percent  on a holiday weekend no less !  to $ 10.8 million , giving it a 10-day total of $ 44.3 million against a $ 209 million budget . "  The Dictator , " meanwhile , dropped by a more modest  but still not that great  45 percent to $ 9.6 million , resulting in a $ 41.4 million 12-day total . Rounding out the Top 5 , the Oren Peli-produced horror horror flick "  Chernobyl Diaries " could n't achieve "  Paranormal Activity " - sized numbers . "  Chernobyl " earned a weak $ 8 million in three days -- with $ 3.5 million of that coming from Friday alone  a sure sign of frontloadedness  . 1 . "  Men In Black 3 " -- $ 55.0 million 2 . "  The Avengers " -- $ 37.0 million 3 . "  Battleship " -- $ 10.8 million 4 . "  The Dictator " -- $ 9.6 million 5 . "  Chernobyl Diaries " -- $ 8.0 million Check back tomorrow for the full Memorial Day weekend box office report , and follow me on Twitter for up-to-the-minute box office updates . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Men In Black 3 " topped the box office with an estimated $ 55 million "  The Avengers " held strong in second place with $ 37 million "  Battleship " and "  The Dictator " took up the next two spots on the chart
CNN  -- Thai authorities on Monday moved to ease fears that the devastating floods that have engulfed much of the country will swamp the capital . The country 's Flood Relief Operation Command  FROC  reported that flood defense measures in low-lying Bangkok have held and that the bloated Chao Praya River has not risen any further . There had been fears that further heavy rain over the weekend combined with the spring high tides would overwhelm parts of the city . "  The water situation in Bangkok city is no longer a worry and today is the end of the high tide period , " FROC spokesperson Wim Rungwattanachinda told CNN . However , Irrigation department director general Chalit Damrongsak warned the situation remained critical as water from low-lying areas north of Bangkok still needed to drain . "  It is not over , " he said , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . So far , 307 people have been killed during months of monsoon rains across Thailand , with more than 8.6 million in 61 provinces affected by the rising floodwater . Asia 's wet and wild summer explained More than 500,000 square kilometers -- an area the size of Spain -- have been affected by the floods in Thailand , Cambodia , Vietnam and Laos , according to CNN meteorologist Jenny Harrison . In the ancient city of Ayutthara , one of the worst-hit areas , officials said the floodwater was starting to recede and flow towards the rivers . The temples and monuments in the UNESCO-listed historical city have been submerged for days , prompting concern that much of the water damage will be permanent . Meanwhile , a massive effort is underway to protect the Navanakorn Industrial Park to the north of Bangkok . The giant complex -- one of Thailand 's largest -- houses a number of companies that produce electronics and components for the automotive industry . According to the Bangkok Post , 600 workers , civilian volunteers and soldiers were working around the clock Sunday to strengthen defense walls on all sides of the facility as the water continued to rise . Other manufacturing sites north of Bangkok , such as Rojana Industrial Park , were forced to halt operations as the floodwater hit . Honda last week said the closure of its plant there affected the production of at least 4,500 cars . The Thai finance ministry says overall damage from the floods could be more than $ 2 billion , with the worst yet still possibly to come , " according to CNN 's Paula Hancocks . Floods are an annual occurrence in the country but it has been particularly acute this year . Thais across the country are donating food , water and clothing to help the worst-hit areas . Authorities said donations have far surpassed previous years . The government said that it has received $ 2.07 million in donations , including help from other countries , by Sunday . The United States said it is sending 26 helicopters to help the relief effort , invaluable as more roads turn to rivers and become impassable . United Nations agencies also are on standby , while the World Health Organization has offered emergency health kits . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	There were fears further heavy rain combined with high tides would overwhelm Bangkok 307 people have been killed during months of monsoon rains across Thailand Authorities in the capital confident the capital has been spared as flood defenses hold Thais across country donating food , water and clothing to help the worst-hit areas
CNN  -- Yes , they exist . And there might be more of them than you think . Fifteen percent of adults in the United States are not online , for reasons that range from lack of interest to fear of the unknown to not being able to afford a computer , says a new survey . And guess what ? Almost all of them are OK with it . According to the report from the Pew Internet & American Life Project , 92 % of respondents who said they are n't on the Internet also said they have no desire to be . The survey this spring used phone interviews with 2,252 adults who were 18 years old or older . It has a margin of error of 2.3 percentage points . As in earlier Pew studies , it appears that older Americans and those with less education are the least likely to be online . Web usage was also slightly lower among rural Americans and Hispanics . Forty-four percent of adults 65 or older said they do n't use the Internet . By comparison , only 2 % of those between 18-29 said the same . But education was almost as strong a factor as age in the results . A full 41 % of Americans who did n't get a high school diploma said they are n't on the Web , compared to just 4 % who said they have a college degree . By far , the most popular reason given was some version of "  I just do n't care about it . " More than one-third said they are "  just not interested , " "  do n't need it/don ' t want it , " or "  think it 's a waste of time . " Less popular , but interesting , reasons included not having a computer  13 %  , saying Web access is too expensive  6 %  and being limited by poor eyesight or another physical disability  4 %  . For all the talk recently about Web security , government snooping and the like , only 3 % of respondents said they do n't go online because of worries about things like privacy , viruses , spam and hackers . Even among the offline contingent , the Web 's broad reach was apparent . More than 4 out of 10 of nonconnected people said they 'd asked a friend or family member to look something up or complete a task online for them , and nearly a quarter say they live in a household where someone else uses the Web .	Survey : 15 % of U.S. adults say they are n't on the Web Of those , 92 % say they do n't want to be Age , education are best predictors of who 's not online
CNN  -- New Delhi strains under the weight of its own UNESCO World Heritage sites . What with the towering minaret of Qutb Minar , the glorious Humayun 's tomb and the imposing Red Fort Mughal palace , visitors can feel swamped by the sheer abundance of history on display . But India 's capital city provides more than just awe-inspiring spectacles of its ancient past . With a preponderance of market stalls , bazaars , shopping malls and street vendors , New Delhi is a consumer paradise , lending a much-needed retail counterpoint to all that earnest sightseeing . To help you separate the glad rags from the plain old rags , here 's CNN 's at-glance-guide to shopping your way through New Delhi . Before you start If the city is just one port of call on an India-wide shopping spree  with a few sights thrown in for good measure  , bear in mind that you can arrange for most things -- large or small -- to be shipped back , so that it 's waiting patiently on your doorstep when you return home . There are international couriers everywhere , and most hotels can help you arrange shipments for an almost disconcertingly small fee . Dilli Haat For the most authentic and down-to-earth shopping experience head to "  Dilli Haat " in south-west Delhi . Modeled around a traditional rural marketplace  a "  haat "  , it features some 200 individual stalls that form a permanent al-fresco arts-and-crafts bazaar . This is a great place to buy original hand-made items directly from the producers themselves , with artisans from across the country selling everything from panel-beaten silver jewelry to brightly colored linens and vast decorative ornaments . Be aware , the stalls operate on a rotating basis -- so , if you see something you like , buy it on sight , as the vendor may have disappeared by tomorrow . Dilli Haat is not for the hesitant consumer and haggling the best price is standard practice . Crafts Museum Those keen to combine consumer therapy with a bit of heritage should wander over to the National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum -- one of the largest crafts museums in India . The 20,000 or so exhibits feature centuries-old textiles , rare metal works and intricately crafted clay pots . But the souvenir shop is almost equally as impressive , with ink drawings on parchment , handmade Himalayan shawls , mirrored fabrics and many other quintessentially Indian arts and crafts available for purchase . In addition , there are often live demonstrations by craftsmen , whose wares go on sale hot off the production line . Read related : New fashions inspired by New Delhi Sarojini Nagar Market A pilgrimage site for bargain-hunting fashionistas , the Sarojini Nagar Market stocks all the latest couture designs before they hit European and American boutiques with eye-popping mark-ups . Export surpluses and last-minute canceled lines are dumped here en-masse , so check for holes , faulty zips , stains and missing buttons before handing over your cash . There are no changing rooms as it 's not much more than a long road with make-shift shops on both sides . That said , prices are so low that buyer 's remorse is a rare experience , with entire wardrobes bought for less than the price of a few beers . State Government Emporiums If you 're fearful of tourist traps and you 're just not the haggling type , then the government-run emporiums dotted across the capital offer fixed pricing and quality-assured "  India PLC " produce . Each emporium tends to have its own specialism , showcasing products from different states . For instance , head to Himachal for blankets and shawls ; Tamil Nadu for sandalwood products ; Uttar Pradesh Emporium for the incredible stone-inlay work popularized by the Taj , as well as copper , brasswork and leather items ; Kashmir Emporium is the place for carpets ; and Orissa for fabrics and traditional paintings . If you 've only time for one , however , then the Central Cottage Industries Emporium Central Cottage Industries Emporium is the place to go . -- a six-storey Aladdin 's cave selling everything from giant ornamental Gods to packets of exquisitely scented Darjeeling tea . Khan market If the rag-tag pandemonium of New Delhi 's more traditional bazaars and market stalls is taking its toll , or you hanker for the sight of some familiar shops , then the row of upscale designer boutiques , cosmetic outlets and chain stores in Khan Market will be just the ticket . With the ex-pat market in mind  the diplomatic enclave is a stone 's throw away  the shops here offer home-sick holiday makers the reassurance of popular brands such as the Body Shop and Nike -- and there 's even a Subway for the culinarily incurious . But this is also the place to pick up fine gourmet groceries -- such as Italian pesto and French baguettes -- that will otherwise be difficult to source in other parts of town . Beware , prices are sometimes more upmarket than the goods on offer . Chandni Chowk No self-respecting shopper could visit New Delhi without taking the rickshaw ride down to Chandi Chowk , the old city 's famously frenetic merchant district . Spilling over with shops peddling luminous candies , vividly-colored saris and shawls , homecare products , discount electrical goodies , and much , much else besides , this traffic-choked thoroughfare is worth a trip for the atmosphere alone . Haggling like your life depends on it is just part of the fun .	With a history that spans millennia , New Delhi is replete with ancient monuments and wonders of the world The city 's bazaars and street vendors also make it a bargain-hunter 's paradise . From traditional market stalls to upscale boutiques , read CNN 's shopping guide to New Delhi
CNN  -- With an awesome story and continuation of the gameplay that has made the franchise great , "  Gears of War 3 " ties a brilliant and bloody bow atop a video-game trilogy that 's been seven years in the making . The latest third-person shooter game from Epic Games and Microsoft wraps up the "  Gears " story arc and answers all the lingering questions that have arisen in the battle against the reptilian Locust and their mutant cousins , the Lambent . Players will control Coalition soldier Marcus Fenix for most of the game . But certain levels require the player to switch off to another member of his Delta Squad . The game starts a couple years after the conclusion of "  Gears 2 " and finds Marcus in jail . Characters familiar to players of the franchise are re-introduced in the opening scenes , and the action kicks off quickly at an unrestrained pace . Combat typically offers four options for weapons : a primary weapon , secondary weapon , pistol and grenade . Three other players are with the team , and they can be controlled by the computer or by others for co-op play , which is fun if you want to get a real feel for the campaign while enjoying the game with your friends . The weapons have weight to them and feel powerful . Shooting from behind cover , one of the hallmarks of the franchise , is required as enemies appear from nearly every angle . You 'll want to keep your head down . Teamwork is key . Not only will a mate come to your rescue when you are down , they can also set up opportunities to flank your opponents and end battles quicker . It all flows naturally  much like the copious amounts of blood spilled in the battles  and is well-paced , with plenty of ammo and weapons to be scavenged and used . The game helps new players along with a casual mode that highlights enemies and objectives for easier play . There is an "  aim-assist " mode that will line up enemies if you have trouble getting those pesky Locusts in your crosshairs . Six modes of multiplayer action offer all kinds of mission objectives beyond just killing the other team . Whether it 's capturing and holding an enemy leader  while defending your own  or playing as one of the monsters against human opponents , variety will keep players entertained . Dedicated servers around the world , which will host the multiplayer games , also will be available , fulfilling a common player desire from previous "  Gears of War " games . Developers said this should eliminate the perception that players hosting multiplayer matches had an advantage over other players . The real victory for "  Gears of War 3 " is the immersive and gripping story . Lingering questions and mysteries finally get answers , and there is a sense of finality that runs through the entire campaign . The interaction between characters never feels forced or fake . Their emotions are believable , and their concern for one another is genuine . I described it to a friend as a "  soap opera for guys , " but it is more like a TV mini-series . The action blends well with the dialogue and creates a flow that helps pull the player along from scene to scene . It all comes off seamlessly and leaves the player emotionally invested in all of the characters . But be prepared for the unexpected as people will die and loyalties will be tested . Overall , "  Gears of War 3 " is exciting , emotional and blends competitiveness with teamwork . Whether playing the campaign alone or with friends , the story mixes with the action fluidly and provides a satisfying feeling even if the ending may not be to your liking . In multiplayer mode , the different modes offer challenges for any type of player and put a premium on strategy to achieve victory . As this trilogy ends , do n't be surprised if there is more "  Gears " action down the road . Plans for books , comics and film projects are out there , so it may not take much to enlist Delta Squad for another mission . "  Gears of War 3 " is available now in North America and Europe and will be available Thursday in Japan . It is an Xbox 360 exclusive title and rated M for mature due to blood and gore , intense violence and strong language . This review was done playing the single-player campaign and trying out the multiplayer modes on the Xbox 360 .	"  Gears of Wars " described as "  the most influential game of this generation " Third installment wraps up the story arc for the Gears team , answers lingering questions Game starts a couple years after the conclusion of "  Gears 2 " and finds Marcus in jail
A fisherman convicted of throwing evidence of an illegal catch overboard received strong support from the Supreme Court Wednesday , with a number of justices dramatically calling the criminal prosecution a case of government overreach . Federal prosecutors used a law typically applied to corporate records to convict commercial angler John Yates of getting rid of three illegally caught grouper . The question is whether the congressional law against obstructing an investigation into business practices is too vague . It was passed in the aftermath of Enron and other big accounting scandals of that kind . An especially spirited hour of oral arguments had the high court wondering whether the Obama administration went too far in going after a "  little fish " like Yates . "  He could have gotten 20 years , " thundered Justice Antonin Scalia , visibly concerned . "  What kind of a sensible prosecution is that ? " But Justice Elena Kagan suggested , "  The fact that this is about any matter within the jurisdiction of any agency in the United States shows that it 's really not just about corporate fraud , that Congress had a broader set of things in mind , " which she said "  suggests breadth . " Retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor was among those attending the public session in the courtroom , where all parties smartly avoided using any bad fish-related puns . The actual legal language in dispute involves efforts to conceal , cover up , falsify , or make a false entry in any record , document , or "  tangible object . " It is known as the "  shredding provision , " referring to the destruction of paper and electronic evidence . It applies to "  the investigation or proper administration or any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency " of the United States . Yates , 62 , owns the Miss Katie , a commercial fishing vessel moored near Bradenton , Florida . It was operating in the Gulf of Mexico in 2007 when state officers working with the National Marine Fisheries Service boarded the vessel . Inspectors discovered 72 undersized red grouper and told the skipper to leave his catch there and head back to shore so agents could seize it . When the Miss Katie arrived at port days later , Yates says a government inspector counted only 69 fish that were below the 20-inch minimum harvesting size . The captain still claims the deputy originally miscounted the fish . Prosecutors alleged Yates had ordered his crew to throw the smaller fish overboard , and charged him with destruction of evidence to impede a federal investigation . A jury eventually convicted the Holmes Beach man and he spent 30 days in federal prison , avoiding a possible two-decade sentence . The Justice Department said Yates does not dispute now that he "  directed the destruction or concealment of the fish " and officials will argue that the law used to prosecute him does apply , since it "  encompasses all physical evidence " that might be deliberately tampered or destroyed . In the broader sense , the Obama administration says the so-called 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley law has widely been used to go after obstruction of justice , including "  human bodies , bloodstains , guns , drugs , cars , and automobiles -- in order to cover up offenses ranging from terrorism and the unreasonable use of lethal police force , to violations of environmental and workplace-safety laws . " Yates says the conviction has hurt him economically and wonders why the government was so insistent they "  have a pound flesh " by prosecuting him for what he called a simple civil infraction . His lawyer , a federal public defender named John Badalamenti , warned the bench that "  the breadth of the statute regarding any federal matter is an extraordinary thing that the American people will be walking on eggshells for if this court were to not limit . " That met some mild resistance from some on the bench , who offered various hypotheticals about which "  tangible objects " could be used to prosecute for obstruction . Would a typewriter , portable electronic device , or a knife with the owner 's name inscribed be included ? "  I understand the argument that you make has considerable force about over criminalizing , but it seems to me that the test you suggest has almost more problems with vagueness , more problems with determining what its boundaries are , than the government 's test , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy . "  What sense does it make to say you can be indicted under  this provision  if you destroy a letter that the victim that you have murdered has sent you , but you ca n't be indicted under  the provision  if you destroy the murder weapon ? " asked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . As another example , "  A letter is shredded . It 's a letter from the victim to the later-turned-out-to-be murderer . That letter is shredded . Does that come under  the provision  ? " On the other side of the debate , many on the court saved their rhetorical firepower for the Justice Department 's lawyer Roman Martinez , who at times struggled to assure the court that the federal government would not prosecute every fish destruction case . "  But the point is that you could , and the point is that once you can , every time you get somebody who is throwing fish overboard , you can go to him and say : Look , if we prosecute you , you 're facing 20 years , so why do n't you plead to a year , or something like that , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  It 's an extraordinary leverage that the broadest interpretation of this statute would give federal prosecutors . " Justice Stephen Breyer cautioned that if a line could n't be drawn , "  it seems to me that the risk of arbitrary and discriminatory enforcement is a real one . " Justice Samuel Alito said the government was "  asking the court to swallow something that is pretty hard to swallow . "  Do you deny that this statute , as you read it , is capable of being applied to really trivial matters , and yet each of those would carry a potential penalty of 20 years , and then you go further and say that it is the policy of the Justice Department that this has to be applied in every one of those crazy little cases ? " he asked . "  Perhaps Congress should have called this the Sarbanes-Oxley-Grouper Act , " Kennedy said , prompting laughter in the courtroom . The justices will not retry the facts -- some of which remain in dispute -- but only will consider whether the law was properly applied . In the coming days , the court will privately vote on the outcome , and a written ruling is expected within the next few months . Several on the bench made reference to a case last term in which the high court unanimously vacated the criminal conviction of a Pennsylvania woman for violating an international treaty on the use of chemical weapons . Carol Ann Bond sought revenge on a romantic rival by sprinkling non-lethal amounts of chemical powders on her onetime friend 's mailbox and doorknob . All nine justices said the federal government was overzealous in pursuing what normally would be a simple assault charge handled in state court . In the current dispute , a number of legal and political advocacy groups have rallied to Yates ' cause , saying "  misuse " of government discretion to use criminal law rather than civil law to handle a range of regulatory enforcement is hurting the justice system . The case is Yates v. U.S.  13-7451  .	John Yates was convicted of destroying evidence in a federal investigation Feds allege he threw three undersize fish overboard The justices will debate the case and issue a ruling in the next few months
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's doctor will face trial on an involuntary manslaughter charge in the death of the pop superstar , a Los Angeles judge ruled Tuesday . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor also prohibited Dr. Conrad Murray from using his California medical license until the trial is completed . The state medical board requested that be made a provision of his bail . While Jackson was Murray 's only and last California patient , Murray 's lawyer argued a suspension in one state would prompt Texas and Nevada , where he sees patients , to also take action . Pastor denied the prosecution 's request to increase Murray 's bail , which is now set at $ 75,000 . "  Michael is not with us today because of an utterly inept , incompetent , reckless doctor , the defendant Conrad Murray , " Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said in his final arguments . Several Jackson 's family members sat through the six-day preliminary hearing for Murray , but they would not talk about the ruling as they left court Tuesday . The lawyer for Michael Jackson 's estate issued a statement on behalf of the co-executors . "  The judge 's ruling ordering Dr. Murray to stand trial for the death of Michael Jackson is perfectly appropriate given the testimony in this case , " Howard Weitzman said . Murray 's lawyers appeared satisfied with the results of the preliminary hearing because of testimony they got from prosecution witnesses that might help raise reasonable doubt about Murray 's guilt at trial . "  I think the prosecution is going to change their tactics in this case , " defense lawyer J. Michael Flanagan said after court . "  It 's not the same as what they gave in opening statements . " Earlier Tuesday , the prosecution 's expert witness in the case admitted he made a math mistake and that the recalculation supports the defense theory that Michael Jackson may have given himself the fatal dose of propofol . Propofol is a surgical anesthetic that the Los Angeles coroner ruled killed Jackson in combination with several sedatives found in his blood . Dr. Richard Ruffalo , an anesthesiologist hired by the prosecution , was the last witness to take the stand . "  I actually made a mistake on that , " Ruffalo said during cross-examination , referring to his calculation of the levels of propofol in Jackson 's stomach fluid . The admission drew an audible gasp from Jackson family members sitting in court . Murray 's lawyers suggest a frustrated and sleepless Jackson may have poured the surgical anesthetic propofol into his juice bottle while the doctor was out of his bedroom . "  Now it does n't make sense unless he ingested it orally in a huge amount , " Ruffalo testified . But he said Murray would still be at fault , because he left dangerous drugs near a patient who was addicted . "  It 's like leaving a syringe next to a heroin addict , " Ruffalo said . "  If he 's not getting what he wants , when you leave the room he might reach for it himself . " "  Either way , it does n't matter , " he testified . "  He abandoned his patient and did n't resuscitate appropriately . " Murray should have anticipated that Jackson , who had previously asked to inject himself , might do this , Ruffalo said . "  He gets upset if he does n't get his milk , " he said , referring to Jackson 's habit of referring to propofol as his "  milk . " The pop star 's sister La Toya Jackson was clearly upset by hearing a prosecution witness vilify her brother as an addict . The pathologist who conducted Jackson 's autopsy acknowledged earlier Tuesday it was possible , although improbable , that Jackson gave himself the fatal dose of the propofol . The defense planted the seed Monday for its theory that Jackson may have given himself the fatal dose . A doctor said in a police interview two days after the death that a sleepless Jackson begged Murray for propofol the day he died , a police detective testified . While Murray told police he eventually gave Jackson propofol , the defense lawyer suggested that it could be that a frustrated Jackson poured the fatal dosage into his juice and drank it . Jackson had depended on propofol to put him to sleep almost every night in the previous weeks as he was preparing for his "  This Is It " comeback concerts , but Murray began to wean him off the surgical anesthetic two nights earlier , Murray told police . Los Angeles Police Detective Orlando Martinez testified at the preliminary hearing about what the doctor told him two days after Jackson 's death . Several doses of two sedatives Murray used in place of propofol still had n't put Jackson to sleep after several hours on the morning of June 25 , 2009 , Murray said , according to Martinez . "  Mr. Jackson began to complain that he could n't sleep and that he would have to cancel his rehearsal and cancel his shows if he could n't get any sleep since he could n't perform , " Martinez quoted Murray as saying . A civil lawsuit filed last year by Jackson 's mother against the company producing the concerts alleged that he had been warned a week earlier "  that if Jackson missed any further rehearsals , they were going to ` pull the plug ' on the show . " Murray said he eventually gave in to the pressure from his patient and administered a dose of propofol about 10 a.m. , the detective testified . Jackson finally fell asleep , according to Murray 's account . While his patient slept , Murray sent an e-mail to a British insurance agent assuring him that Jackson was in good health , according to another witness Monday .	Defense attorneys comment on hearing Judge bars Dr. Conrad Murray from using his California medical license A prosecution expert witness testifies he made a math mistake The expert says Murray is still responsible for leaving drugs around an addict
CNN  -- The volcanic eruption in Iceland is having an adverse impact on international sport with next weekend 's Japanese MotoGP the latest casualty . The Motegi race circuit near Tokyo was supposed to host the likes of Valentino Rossi and Casey Stoner for the second round of this year 's championship , but with flights from Europe severely restricted , organizers took the decision to postpone the race . It will now be held on October 3 , between the 14th and 15th rounds in Spain and Malaysia . "  Although the situation is beyond our control , we sincerely apologize to fans who have been eagerly waiting for the world 's top-level race , " said Hiroshi Oshima , president of the race operators . MotoGP is not the only motorsport event affected , with Formula One teams , who took part last weekend 's grand prix in Shanghai , struggling to get back to their European bases . It has led to fears that the fifth round in Barcelona on May 9 could be called off because there would be inadequate time to freight back the cars and get them ready to race . But F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone has dismissed fears that it was under threat . "  No . Not at all . There are no problems with the race , " he told gathered reporters in Shanghai . But other more immediate sporting fixtures have been thrown into chaos , with European champions Barcelona forced to make a near 1,000 km coach journey to play the first leg of their Champions League semifinal against Inter in Milan on Tuesday . Barca 's technical director Txiki Begiristain told the club 's Web site that they were unhappy with the travel situation , which he claimed put them at a disadvantage . "  UEFA must be flexible , " he said . "  I know that there are n't enough dates to play but in the end you have to make an effort so as not to give one team an advantage , in this case the home team . "  At this moment in time , making a team travel by coach belongs to a bygone age . " he added . English clubs Liverpool and Fulham are also struggling to get to Europa League semifinal ties on Thursday in Madrid and Hamburg respectively after UEFA said both would go ahead . Fulham confirmed on its club Web site that their match in Germany remains unchanged , while Liverpool told CNN they are arranging alternative travel plans for their tie against Atletico Madrid . Organizers of Sunday 's London marathon have also been left with a headache to make sure their field of elite runners can get to the British capital in time , while Monday 's Boston marathon , the oldest on the calendar , has also been hard-hit with competitors from around the world unable to get to the United States . Moroccan Olympian Abdellah Falil has been forced out of the elite men 's race because of the travel restrictions . England 's cricketers may also have to put their travel plans on hold as they prepare to fly out to the Caribbean for the Twenty20 World Cup . The crisis came about after a vast cloud of ash spewed from Iceland 's Eyjafjoell volcano since last Wednesday . It has forced airlines to cancel flights across most of Europe , leaving millions of passengers stranded around the globe .	Travel disruption from volcanic ash eruption in Iceland disrupting sport This weekend 's Japanese MotoGP postponed until October 3 Barcelona forced to travel by coach to Champions League semifinal in Milan London and Boston marathons hit as competitors struggling to get to races
CNN  Just when you think ISIS can not horrify any more than it has , the group sends us to a new level of disbelief . The latest news from the Middle East -- the release of a video allegedly showing the Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh deliberately burned alive by his captors -- is the latest example . How can we comprehend human beings behaving in this way ? The highly produced videos of decapitations have continued coming , and now this . It 's tempting to think this is the work of a small number within ISIS , perhaps a core of psychopaths , given free rein by the so-called Islamic State 's leaders . But these are not isolated incidents . This is much more . This is a very deliberate policy of a strategically coherent group that has defeated armies and captured and held a significant swath of the Middle East . This is ISIS very deliberately pursuing a policy that it believes will help it achieve its ultimate objectives . These are acts of brutality by an organization that has sought to make ruthlessness one of its most distinctive characteristics . Indeed , far from apologizing for its inhumanity , ISIS advertises it proudly , it taunts the world with it , and goes to great lengths to confirm that the acts that horrify us are not the work of rogue members but are , indeed , the organization 's policy . Cruelty is a key component of the ISIS brand . The group has managed to conquer large parts of Syria and Iraq with a systematic and efficient plan . Like everything else it does , broadcasting barbarism is a calculated strategy . But why ? Brutality has psychological , strategic and ideological objectives . That 's why other fighting forces have resorted to cruelty to achieve their objectives . History is replete with examples that we see echoed today . As we avert our eyes from the carnage , from beheadings , mass executions and crucifixions ; as we try to avoid looking at the worst of the online videos , it is apparent that the strategy has the potential to create a huge and powerful backlash . That cruelty is turning much of the world , including Arabs and Muslims , against ISIS . And the atrocities against American and other Western citizens are all but inviting the world 's most powerful armies to take on the Islamist militias . And yet , by showing its fighters massacring the enemy without mercy , by flooding social media with the gruesome images , ISIS sends several messages that its leaders believe bring benefits that outweigh the risks . Long before we heard what happened to American hostage James Foley back in August , months before we learned that ISIS had killed hundreds of men , women and children of Iraq 's Yazidi minority , burying some of them alive , the people of the Middle East had become acquainted with the mass executions , the brutal persecution of minorities , the killing of Christians , of Shiites , and of Sunnis or anyone else who posed a challenge , hesitated to follow its religious dictates , or resisted the ISIS advance in Syria and then Iraq . Cruelty communicates fearlessness , and fearlessness , coupled with battlefield success , is an irresistible draw . It 's no wonder ISIS has attracted large numbers of men eager to fight , including hundreds from Europe . They share the goal , as one defector told CNN , of establishing an Islamic state in the Arab world and then taking the campaign to other countries . Beheading the enemy is an effective recruiting appeal to a small but not insignificant segment of the population that is enticed by the brazenness and ideological fervor . To them , mostly young Muslim men , the barbarism resonates with their own brand of hatred and lust for revenge : revenge over real or perceived slights against Muslims . The religious justification for the executions , described by ISIS as part of its jihad -- a war to return the reign of an Islamic caliphate and impose the Quran 's dictates -- gives the killings moral , theological clearance , all but precluding empathy toward nonmembers . In addition , by advertising its methods , ISIS intimidates the armies it faces , causing some soldiers to flee before battle , even leaving their weapons behind , as we saw when ISIS took over Mosul . The executions of hundreds of enemy soldiers , those who chose to fight , have appeared in videos , a warning to others . And the method also works to keep populations in line after ISIS takes over territory and enforces its rule . Of course , ISIS is not the first organization to use barbarism as a weapon of war ; to use cruelty as a method of policy enforcement . In the Middle Ages , the Inquisition , an institutionalized effort to root out heresy and strengthen the hold of the Catholic Church and its allies , made it well known that those who did not fully comply with its wishes would suffer unspeakable punishments , from torture to being burned alive . Many militant movements throughout history have managed to erase from their followers an essential element of their humanity -- a part that we think could never be destroyed inside us . We can not imagine deliberately inflicting pain on another , particularly someone who has not harmed us . But it turns out that our restraints against cruelty can be destroyed . History is replete with examples : The millions killed by the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia , as they sought to build a communist utopia . The industrialized killing factories built by Germany during World War II , which had no military value . However , they played the key role within Nazi ideology of exterminating unwanted people , principally Jews , but also the disabled , homosexuals , Roma  Gypsies  and other "  inferior " peoples . The genocide in Rwanda , in which ethnic hatred unleashed a genocidal wave that left 800,000 dead , most hacked with machetes by their neighbors . Other jihadi groups operating today have shown no compunction about killing civilians , women and children , about kidnapping girls in Nigeria , about blowing up city markets in Baghdad , buses in London , restaurants , cafes and hotels in Bali , Jerusalem or Amman . The common denominator throughout history until today is an ideology that justifies everything for the search of a "  higher " goal , one usually suffused with some utopian vision of a perfect world . It is a world that has no room for anyone who disagrees with those seeking to make it a reality and finds in cruelty a recruiting tool for the cause and a fully justified method in pursuit of ultimate success . Along the way , it turns men who were once presumably normal , even lovable , children into black-hooded executioners capable of taking a knife to the neck of a man kneeling at their feet , or of setting on fire another human being , a Muslim man , no less .	ISIS video alleges to show Jordanian pilot being burned alive Frida Ghitis : ISIS celebrates its brutality and taunts the world with it
CNN  -- Ask friends whether they remember the IKEA monkey , and a few may nod tentatively . The backstory : On a chilly December day in 2012 , a small monkey dressed in a faux shearling coat and diaper appeared inside the doors of a Toronto IKEA store . The animal appeared frantic , racing around the parking lot and near the store . It created quite a stir . Photos soon appeared on social media , with memes not far behind . A parody Twitter account quickly gained thousands of followers . The story that emerged left the monkey 's caregiver , a real-estate lawyer named Yasmin Nakhuda , in a tough spot . She had reportedly obtained the Japanese snow macaque , named Darwin , illegally when he was just over a month old . Videos on her YouTube channel provided glimpses of the next seven months , in which she described how often he ate and how much attention he required . But after Darwin 's public escape and appearance , she was fined and forced to hand Darwin over to animal services . Animal services quickly turned him over to the Story Book Farm Primate Sanctuary . Nakhuda vowed to get Darwin back and filed a lawsuit against the sanctuary . On Friday , a judge ruled against Nakhuda . CBC News reported the judge rejected her argument that Toronto animal services staff duped her and acted illegally by seizing Darwin . The judge also ruled that Nakhuda purchased Darwin knowing that it was illegal and lied by later saying the animal was a gift , CBC News reported . Bronwyn Iler Page became Internet famous when she was first to tweet about Darwin : "  Umm saw a monkey in the ikea parking lot , " alongside a photo of the wistful-looking monkey in his tiny coat . She still has posted on her Twitter bio , "  I saw the monkey #Ikeamonkey . " Judging from her newsfeed , Page continues to post about monkeys whenever the opportunity arises . Attorney Kevin D. Toyne said sanctuary volunteers are very happy and relieved with the decision . Toyne said Darwin is making good progress , becoming a young adult macaque instead of a small child .	Darwin the snow macaque wandered into an IKEA store in December Animal services sent the primate to an animal sanctuary Yasmin Nakhuda sued sanctuary to get pet monkey back
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Three U.S. Navy aviators are missing at sea after a command and control plane crashed over the Atlantic on Wednesday night , Navy officials said Thursday . The E-2C Hawkeye is a command and control aircraft . The E-2C Hawkeye was conducting exercises off the Virginia-North Carolina coast . The plane crashed after it launched from the deck of the aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman about 11 p.m. Wednesday , Navy officials said . Navy officials said they do not know what caused the plane to crash , and search and rescue missions are under way from units on the Truman , the carrier USS Eisenhower and the Coast Guard . The twin-engine plane usually carries a crew of five , but had only three aboard during the flight . The plane was part of a training squadron , VAW 120 , and is based at the Naval Station Norfolk in southern Virginia . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Plane crashed over Atlantic Ocean off Virginia-North Carolina coast Search under way for three missing crew members Command and control plane flew off carrier USS Truman
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Open any fashion magazine and you 're instantly bombarded with a collection of blindingly beautiful celebrities , bedazzled with shimmering jewels and perfectly coiffed "  messy hair . " Anna Boccia Lewis has been a DVF fan since the 1970s . Do you own a wrap dress ? Tell us why . They teeter on gorgeous stilettos strutting their perfectly toned figures in clothing that could cost as much as a typical mortgage . Close that same fashion magazine -- or maybe ever-so-gently hurl it at the wall -- and perhaps you 're left feeling slightly inadequate and envious . After all , why should we be left out of all the fun just because we ca n't afford the clothing in the magazine ? But there is one fashion item that has arguably been bridging the gap for more than three decades between the wealthy elite and the average woman . This item is Diane Von Furstenberg 's wrap dress . Just like the "  Little Black Dress , " Furstenberg 's wrap dress is considered an essential in many womens ' wardrobes . Diane Von Furstenberg , or DVF as she 's known , sold her first wrap dress in the 1970s . "  It has been a unique phenomenon , " the Belgian designer told CNN . "  What was new about my wrap dress was that I did it in jersey and therefore it molded the body and it was very flattering to the body . " Technically speaking , a wrap dress is like a kimono . "  It 's a very traditional form of clothing , it 's a dress that has no buttons and no zipper , " said Von Furstenberg . Since its inception , millions have flown off the racks . But that is n't to say the dress did n't see its dark periods as well . There was a time when the trend for wrap dresses was declared over , but like any good  or bad  fashion , it experienced a revival . "  Fashion changed completely and things went away , " said Von Furstenberg . "  Ten years ago I started again because I saw that very hip young girls were buying them in thrift shops . " That trend continues today . While the dresses are stocked in DVF stores , they are regularly bought and sold in vintage stores and through online auction sites , such as eBay . "  My love affair with the DVF wrap dress began in the 1970s , " says Anna Boccia Lewis , a self-confessed "  DVF addict " from California . "  One of my first purchases was a yellow floral vintage DVF shirtdress that I found at Goodwill in South San Francisco for $ 4.75 . "  I think what I love the most about Diane 's designs is that each one has its own special personality -- just like the woman who is wearing it , " Anna said . CNN asked other women to tell us what it is about DVF dresses that make them so special . Tell us your story -- "  Sound Off " below . "  They make me feel not only sexy , but successful , sophisticated and timeless , " said Carolyn Yapp , a 24-year-old DVF devotee from Jamaica . Melissa Calivis Green from Baltimore told us : "  For me , the iconic prints represent a sense of powerful femininity and the promise of endless possibilities . " Tracey Jennings of the United Kingdom has been wearing DVF dresses for the last ten years . She said : "  Like a lot of women , I have varied in size from year to year . As a result , my wrap dresses range from size four to size 10 . " Kirsty Palmer , also from the United Kingdom , recently sold one of her DVF dresses on eBay . "  I like to change my selection , " she said . "  Buying vintage wrap dresses makes them more affordable for me , yet I still get the benefit as if I were buying new due to their classic cuts and their durability . " Do you own a wrap dress ? If so , we want to hear from you . Why did you buy it and what does it mean to you ? "  Sound off " below or Email us a picture or go to CNN 's facebook page -- facebook.com/cnnintl .	Diane Von Furstenberg 's wrap dress has been a fashion staple for decades The DVF wrap dress is made with jersey which flatters female shapes Readers told CNN about their devotion to their wrap dresses since the 1970s Do you own a wrap dress ? Send an email and a photo to revealed@cnn.com
Just two weeks ago , Yasir was regularly strapped into an explosive vest and handed a pistol , an AK-47 and a radio to stand guard at an ISIS base in the eastern Syrian city of Deir Ezzor . Yasir -- not his real name -- is just 15 and an ISIS child soldier . When we first met , he was clearly nervous , his hands slightly quivering as he picked up his cup of tea . Understandable , given all he has been through and the twisted mental maze he is trying to navigate . Yasir had followed his father to be with the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front . When ISIS took over their area , father and son swore allegiance to ISIS . "  I spent a month without seeing my family or anyone that I knew , " Yasir recalls . "  It was forbidden to see or speak to anyone . " He says there were about 100 children and for a month they were kept isolated from all that they knew and loved , and not allowed even to see or speak to their families . Rather , they were entrenched in intense religious indoctrination . There were daily lessons on the violent and radical version of Islam practiced by ISIS . Rigorous military training was also a daily feature of their lives . He says : "  We used to crawl under webbing . There was fire above it , and we would be firing our weapons . We would jump through large metal rings and the trainers would be firing at our feet and telling us if we stop we will be shot . " He says the trainers would have them run for 2 kilometers . "  I was very careful not to stop running , I did n't stop , even if I was exhausted , out of breath , I did n't stop . " ISIS posts videos and pictures on the Internet bragging about its so-called "  cubs of the Islamic State . " While there are no firm numbers on how many children are part of ISIS , the United Nations says there are confirmed reports of children as young as 12 undergoing military training . Yasir admits he missed his parents . It was the first time he had stayed away from them , but he says he and the other boys would laugh , joke and talk about their training . After a month he was sent home and began to regularly report for duty . "  When we arrived they gave us guns and the explosive belt and the radio , " he says . "  We would get calls from the checkpoints alerting us -LSB- when -RSB- the ISIS VIPs were coming . Anyone who was n't a VIP , we would pick up our guns and stop them . " But his mother would beg him to leave . Yasir says : "  She would say that I am too young . ` Please leave , you have nothing to do with this . ' I would tell her that this is the jihad that we all must do . " He says the first time he saw a beheading he did n't eat for two days , repulsed by the scene but not the actual act . He admits he was afraid the explosive belt he wore would accidentally detonate if he was hit by shrapnel . He also felt proud , strong and filled with a sense of purpose . But his father realized he had to save his son and himself . He decided to defect and tricked Yasir into leaving with him for Turkey . Yasir says : "  I was asking him ` why are you doing this ? What happened ? ' My father turned to me and said they are not on the right religious track . " The Yasir we met appears to have a gentle demeanor , but he 's clearly confused , struggling to define what is right and wrong , and wrest himself from the psychological damage ISIS has done . He initially says he wants to go back to ISIS because his friends are there , and he defends some of the strict interpretations of Islam , but he also says : "  I am discovering over time they have no religion . " Toward the end of our interview , he tells us he regrets having joined them . Yasir has a chance to emerge from the hold of ISIS , to return to the Arabic and math-loving schoolboy he was before the war . But that is not the case for the other children firmly in the grasp of ISIS , living under their rule , easily manipulated and lured toward the terrorist organization .	Yasir , 15 , trained with ISIS in Syria He had military training and religious indoctrination His father helped him escape into Turkey But now Yasir is torn between school and returning to ISIS
CNN  -- Time magazine 's recent cover story featuring Jamie Lynne Grumet breastfeeding her almost four-year-old son raised a firestorm about different styles of parenting . Along with the headline -- "  Are you mom enough ? " -- the piece makes every mother question whether she should practice attachment parenting and in the process , embrace all things natural . Wear your baby ! Make your own baby food ! Breastfeed ! Sleep with your baby ! Give birth at home -- and do n't use painkillers ! Like the white , radiant and married woman on Time 's cover , many mothers who embrace natural mothering are likely to be educated , middle class , married , fit and savvy . They take motherhood as seriously as they take their education and careers . Which is not a bad thing . The kids will surely benefit . But the pressure to be the best mother misses a point : Given the realities of the 21st century society , not every woman can be "  mom enough . " For one thing , breastfeeding is not for all mothers . Successful breastfeeding -- especially extended breastfeeding -- takes a lot of planning , time off from paid work , money and resources . I , too , decided to breastfeed when I had my first baby . Everything I read said that breastfeeding was natural , intuitive , cheap and easy . But I found breastfeeding painful , time-consuming and difficult . And , when you factor in the extra amounts of healthy foods I was consuming  organic only , of course  , the money I spent on gadgets and experts , and the house cleaner who allowed me to catch up on my sleep -- it was n't cheap . I was not alone . A graduate student in sociology at the time when I had my baby , I interviewed women about breastfeeding . Most of them shared my experience . One woman listed the accessories she invested in : a special "  Boppy " nursing pillow , a rocking chair , nursing bras , a pump , and herbal supplements  rumored to enhance milk supply  . She estimated that by the time she got into a groove she 'd spent close to a thousand dollars . And that 's not counting household help . Another woman told me that for weeks she was fatigued , in pain and dreading every feeding . But she was a go-getter . The same attitude that got her through an Ivy League PhD program and helped her succeed in Silicon Valley helped her master breastfeeding . Granted , she saw a lactation consultant twice a week . Then there was a woman who likened her one-year breastfeeding goal to running a marathon  she had completed two  . She was happy to finally swear off the three daily pumping sessions that allowed her to keep her baby off formula after her maternity leave ended . No mother really needs all the paraphernalia and experts in order to breastfeed . Most of the time , mothers ' breasts produce sufficient milk and babies are adept at getting their food . So should n't we know better ? Since the early 20th century , women were told that breast milk alternatives were the modern , scientific , superior and American way to go . The result ? By the 1970s fewer than 25 % of American women even tried to breastfeed and experiential knowledge had been lost . This explains why new mothers feel ill-prepared : They ca n't get advice from their mothers , aunts , grandmothers and neighbors . The women I interviewed took classes , read books , practiced with dolls , and met with lactation experts . Helpful , yes . Intuitive ? Not really . Breastfeeding advocates raised legitimate concerns about breast milk alternatives  corn syrups for babies ?  and many women who decided to breastfeed and practice attachment parenting genuinely believed that going natural was the better route . Hence , breastfeeding rates have been growing steadily for the last several decades for all groups of women , but especially for those who are white , educated and married . However , touting breastfeeding as the way to go defies logic . For all of its benefits to infants , breastfeeding on demand 24/7 is challenging when our sleep cycles are regulated by artificial light and we are separated from our baby for hours on end because of our jobs . Yes , we can use breast pumps to provide babies with breast milk . But pumps just are n't as efficient as babies at extracting milk . Mothers who go back to work find themselves fighting an uphill battle to maintain an adequate milk supply . Many spend hours a day at the pump before , during and after work . The lucky ones have a private space in which to pump and a fridge to store their milk . Some of the women I talked to were n't so lucky ; they pumped in public bathrooms or cubicles that offered little privacy . One woman used a supply closet . Some mothers may have the financial means to quit their jobs and dedicate themselves to full-time parenting . For most women , this is not a viable choice , since the more time they spend away from work , the larger the negative impact on their potential lifetime earnings . Even for women who aim to be great mothers , breastfeeding is not always a feasible option . Branding breastfeeding as natural and economical without fully acknowledging the difficulties of balancing family and career creates unnecessary pressure and guilt . British psychologist Donald Winnicot understood this when he set his bar for good parenting . Rather than challenging women to be "  mom enough , " he urged mothers to be "  good enough " -- bottles of formula included . I was certainly happy to be a good enough mother . And by the time my kids hit preschool , nobody really cared whether and how long I had breastfed my children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Orit Avishai .	Time magazine published a controversial article about attachment parenting Orit Avishai : Not all women can be ` mom enough ; ' breastfeeding is not for all women She thought breastfeeding was intuitive and cheap , but found it to be difficult and expensive Avishai : Given the realities of juggling career and family , it 's OK to be ` good enough '
CNN  -- Les Paul never stopped tinkering , said Henry Juszkiewicz . Les Paul was constantly making recommendations on how to improve guitars , says the CEO of Gibson . Juszkiewicz , the chairman and CEO of Gibson Guitars , remembers getting calls from his company 's partner  and famed client  , offering recommendations on how to change or market his eponymous Gibson guitars . Sometimes , Juszkiewicz recalls , the two would go out for Chinese food . Paul was very particular , desiring a dish called Chicken Subgum . The two would have to search Chinatown for a restaurant that knew how to cook it , he says with a chuckle . Les Paul died Thursday of pneumonia . He was 94 . Juszkiewicz talked about his friend and colleague Thursday afternoon . The following is an edited version of the interview . Watch how Les Paul helped invent modern music " CNN : Tell me about working with Les Paul . Henry Juszkiewicz : I 've been with Gibson about 25 years and known Les pretty much through that entire period . ... Les was a very kind person . He was a visionary . In the early days , Gibson was doing very poorly as a company , and I got involved essentially to turn the company around . ... We had many , many conversations about the guitar business and what to do . ... A lot of the things we talked about and implemented were very successful . CNN : What was distinctive about the Gibson Les Paul when it came out , and what remains distinctive about it ? Gallery : Guitarists pay tribute to Les Paul " Juszkiewicz : When it first came out , it was extremely controversial , and it was not really successful . It took years for Gibson to actually come to terms with Les . He had been pitching the head of what was Gibson 's parent company , CMI , for three or four years until they finally decided to give it a try -- and only then when he became very famous and a television personality . And they were right , actually , because a solid-body guitar was considered silly . ... It really was n't until 1965 , '66 that the guitar took off and became popular . In fact , in the early '60s , the guitar was discontinued for several years . One of the -LSB- prized -RSB- Les Pauls was the 1959 Les Paul -- that 's sort of the holy grail of Les Pauls -- and one of the reasons is there were only 300 units made in 1959 . And 300 units was not really that successful for Gibson ; it was a powerhouse guitar builder in 1959 . So Les was always ahead of his time . He was someone who could see what was going to happen 50 years in advance , and very often , he was able to bring his vision to reality and share it with the entire musical community . ... The -LSB- Les Paul -RSB- guitar shines in modern music . ... In the '50s and before the '50s , the -LSB- standard -RSB- guitar was amplified , but it was just louder . In other words , it still sounded just like an acoustic guitar , but you could turn it up . What Les did was turn it into a whole new instrument . When he was playing ... you will hear this rich context that 's kind of normal today . ... CNN : Les Paul being Les Paul , I assumed he continue to play with things over the years . Juszkiewicz : Yeah , he would call me all the time and give me suggestions . It 's really hard to answer your original question , what makes it -LSB- distinctive -RSB- . ... As a guitar player , when I pick it up , I know it 's a Les Paul . I can feel the sustain . It 's got a certain feeling . ... There 's a lot of things in it . But it 's the package that 's kind of magic . In the modern world , working with modern equipment , it 's incomparable . CNN : How many Les Pauls do you sell nowadays ? Juszkiewicz : A lot . Many , many thousands . I 'll share with you : We had a big debate when we first got involved in the business . When I was a young guitar player , Les Pauls were always very expensive ... and they 're very expensive today . -LSB- Paul -RSB- said , "  You know , Henry , you really have to make a less expensive Les Paul . " ... We argued about it for a year and a half , and finally I gave in . I said , "  OK , Les , it 's your guitar . " ... And it was an instant success . And all of a sudden , people that could n't touch that magic got a shot at it , and he was pleased as punch , and we were as well . He was a renaissance man . ... What a life . And what a wonderful , warm gentleman .	Gibson CEO : Les Paul made frequent recommendations on how to improve guitars Les Pauls were n't particularly popular when introduced Paul , legendary guitarist and inventor , died Thursday at 94
CNN  -- Agnieszka Radwanska has only lost to one player this season . It 's just that she has now been beaten by Victoria Azarenka an incredible six times . World No. 1 Azarenka maintained her complete dominance over her Polish rival with a 6-2 , 6-4 win at the Madrid Masters on Saturday . Azarenka will play former No. 1 Serena Williams in Sunday 's final after the American beat Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka 7-6  5  , 6-0 . Azarenka had already ended Radwanska 's title hopes this year in Sydney , Melbourne , Doha , Indian Wells and Stuttgart . Radwanska has won her other two tournaments and withdrew injured in Kuala Lumpur . Asked if she was looking forward to another chance to go up against Azarenka , the No. 3-ranked Radwanska replied : "  Yeah sure , maybe in a couple of months ! " Australian Open champion Azarenka hammered 29 winners on the infamous blue clay in Madrid as she looks for her fifth title of the year , but she faces a very different task against Williams . Azarenka has a 6-1 losing record against the 13-time Grand Slam champion , although they have n't met since the Belarussian rose to the top of the world rankings by winning the Australian Open in January . "  I have always been competitive against her and she is one of the toughest opponents to play against , " Azarenka said . "  It 's going to be a different story this time . " Their last meeting ended in a 6-1 , 7-6  5  win for Williams in the U.S. Open third round last year . Williams did n't face a break point in her semifinal against the big-hitting Hradecka and came through a tight opening set before sweeping through the second in 24 minutes . "  She served amazing in the first set , " Williams said . "  I came through in tiebreak , and after that I was able to relax , make less errors and make some shots . I was more aware in the second set . I think that helped me . " The 30-year-old Williams has n't lost a clay-court match this season after winning the title in Charleston last month . She will move up to at least No. 6 in the world rankings on Monday . "  I have been working really hard but I do n't want to stop at No. 6 and I want to continue to do better , " Williams said . "  Victoria obviously has been playing this whole year so consistent , so amazing and just nearly perfect so I am going into the final with nothing to lose . "  She 's the top-ranked player and she 's going in there with everything to win . "	Victoria Azarenka beats Agnieszka Radwanska for the sixth time this year The world No. 1 will face Serena Williams in Sunday 's Madrid Masters final Williams beats Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka in straight sets for her 12th clay-court win of the season The American will move up to at least No. 6 in the rankings on Monday
CNN  -- For 25 agonizing minutes , journalist Norm Beaman did not know whether his wife had perished in wild fires sweeping southern Australia , after he lost mobile phone contact following an explosion and a scream . Firefighters battle a blaze in Labertouche , about 125 kilometers west of Melbourne . Beaman , a veteran reporter for Channel 7 news , was racing home to his property on Mount Disappointment , north of Melbourne , talking to his wife , Annie , as she tried to defend their home from the fires that have left dozens dead . "  She was being stoic , putting up a fight , but when the hay and machinery shed next to our house exploded , she frantically screamed : ` I 'm jumping in the dam , ' and that was the last I heard of her for 25 minutes , " he told CNN . Beaman , held back at a roadblock , argued with police to be let through to try to find Annie , but they refused -- eventually dispatching an officer to investigate . Watch Beaman describe his anguish " . Annie , meanwhile , had been found by neighbors who took her to shelter in the smoldering ruins of another property -- only to face a return of the flames . "  She and some of the neighbors on top of this mountain huddled together in a burnt-out paddock with blankets over their heads and let the fire ... and it curled back over them but they escaped . " Beaman said he eventually made it through to his home after persuading officers manning the roadblock to turn a blind eye . "  I eventually pleaded on humanitarian grounds in fairly direct terms with a policeman and asked him to turn his back for 30 seconds and he did and I got through , " he said . "  A lot of my neighbours have lost everything , but miraculously , my house is still standing and it 's now got bodies sleeping on every square inch . " Photos : Bushfires leave path of destruction " Beaman said his 22-year-old son Cameron , a news cameraman , was also fearing the worst for his mother as he was dispatched to film the area from the air and was so overcome with emotion he had to be taken off the job . Watch survivor describe fire "  like a 747 " " "  He could n't stand the thought of his mother perishing while he filmed and he had to be dropped off out of the chopper and another cameraman take over . " Beaman was among the survivors of Australia 's raging wildfires recounting their harrowing tales . The death toll continued to rise as rescue workers discovered more bodies . Some victims died in cars while trying to flee the flames . Others had stayed put inside houses that were burned to their shells . One man 's car caught on fire as he fled the town of Kinglake . "  Both of us had to get out -- get into the car -- just took off into the smoke , " said one man . "  There 's flames coming inside the car . " "  It was terrifying , " said a woman . "  This was not ordinary . It was an absolute inferno . " "  I lost two kids , mate , " a grieving father said . "  Nothing will bring them back . " "  I 've heard of sad stories of flames going over cars and maybe one person surviving , " Dr. John Coleridge of Victoria 's Alfred Hospital told reporters on Sunday . "  I suspect today they will find lots of cars with people who have n't survived . " Hospital officials treating burn victims said the wounds were the worst they have seen since the terrorist bombings in the Indonesian island of Bali in 2002 . Northern Australia , on the other hand , is grappling with a much different problem . Sixty percent of the state of Queensland was flooded , officials reported , and residents were warned to be on the lookout for crocodiles in urban areas . -- CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this report	Norm Beaman was racing home to his property when he lost touch with wife Phone contact went dead after an explosion next to their property Reporter was held back by police roadblock as wildfire ravaged his home
Friday marks the anniversary of the assassination of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan by U.S. forces . Three years on , the core organization of al Qaeda has been significantly depleted . However , the danger from so-called "  home-grown " terrorism may yet be on the rise , fuelled by foreign nationals returning from key international theatres of war such as Syria . In the United Kingdom , for instance , Charles Farr , director of the Office for Security and Counter-terrorism , recently asserted that the threat from UK nationals travelling to participate in the Syrian conflict is the "  biggest challenge " to UK security services since 9/11 . The total number of UK nationals who have fought in Syria is estimated at up to 366 by the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation  ICSR  at Kings College London , with a significant number believed to have been killed there . Moreover , ICSR estimates that as many as 11,000 foreign fighters overall may have fought in Syria , from more than 70 countries , a number which is reported to be a higher concentration than anywhere since Afghanistan in the 1980s . A central concern here is that many of these individuals , which include potentially as many as 2,000 from Western Europe , plus individuals from North America , Australia , South-east Asia , and Africa , will return from Syria to their respective homelands battle hardened with significantly greater terrorist capability and resolve . And given that the relatively large number of these foreign fighters makes them collectively difficult to track with precision , further home-grown attacks appear increasingly likely . While this offers propaganda value for al Qaeda , such individuals often lack thorough indoctrination of the network 's core messages , even though some , including last year 's London and Boston terrorists , appear to have been partially motivated or inspired by them . This reflects , in part , the continued diminution of al Qaeda 's central organization which is unlikely to be able to provide operational support for home-grown terrorists . It also means that these people , while highly dangerous , do not individually represent the same level of threat to international interests as larger cells and terrorist groups , and are thus less likely to be able to perform major , spectacular attacks in the mould of 9/11 . Thus , while bin Laden 's successor , Ayman al-Zawahiri , has sought to seize on home-grown Western terrorism , and indeed the chaos in Syria , for propaganda purposes , this can not disguise the central al Qaeda organization 's declining fortunes . Al-Zawahiri lacks bin Laden 's personal authority within the terrorist network , and the core has also been weakened by the assassination of numerous other senior terrorist leaders . A fundamental challenge for al-Zawahiri is that while the central al Qaeda leadership appears to remain located largely in Pakistani tribal areas and borderlands , the wider network has becoming increasingly de-centralized and dispersed . The problems this can cause were underlined earlier this month in Syria when a jihadist group called Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria  ISIS  accused al Qaeda of having "  deviated from the correct path , " and "  divided the mujahedeen in every place . " The origin of the dispute probably lies in an edict from al-Zawahiri to ISIS to confine its activities to Iraq after it was accused of abuses of civilians and rival rebels in Syria . Al-Zawahiri has instead recognized the al-Nusra Front as the official al Qaeda affiliate in Syria and called for jihadist unity behind it . Accompanying this dispersal and de-centralization has been shifting the focus of al Qaeda groups and franchises whose attention is more on "  local " national or regional issues , rather than the broader international designs of bin Laden . In part , this also reflects the greater difficulty of attacking key international targets many of whose defences have significantly hardened since 9/11 . There has also been evolution in the geographical focal points of al Qaeda activity with terrorist nodes of growing importance , for instance , in key African and Middle Eastern countries , such as Yemen , where political upheaval since bin Laden 's death has allowed terrorists and other insurgents to secure greater foothold . And reflecting this changed risk pattern , U.S. forces are re-deploying as a result . For instance , the CIA has expanded its staff in Yemen , and also enhanced its air bases in the Gulf from which it can launch drone strikes into the country . Only last week , Washington launched a major drone attack which , according to the Yemeni government , killed at least two dozen militants , including foreign fighters , in an al Qaeda training camp in the remote mountainous area of Abyan . Meanwhile in Africa , U.S. forces have also scaled up facilities in numerous states , including Kenya , Ethiopia , and the Central African Republic . This is intended to allow for greater aerial surveillance coverage and drone strikes , especially in North Africa , plus sites for military hardware storage . So while the central core of al Qaeda has been diminished since bin Laden 's demise , much of the wider terrorist network remains potent , albeit more focused on local grievances than grander international ambitions . However , danger may be growing from home-grown threats fueled by battle-hardened individuals returning from foreign theaters of war , especially Syria , with greater terrorist resolve and capabilities .	Friday marks third anniversary of assassination of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan by U.S. forces Al Qaeda is depleted , but danger of home-grown terror on rise , writes Andrew Hammond 11,000 foreign fighters overall may have fought in Syria , from more than 70 countries Al Qaeda franchises now focus more on "  local " issues , Hammond says , threatening Western security
CNN  -- Italian champions Inter Milan recorded their fifth straight win under new coach Leonardo , defeating Cesena 3-2 at the San Siro despite the visitors coming back from 2-0 down . Samuel Eto'o gave the home side a 14th-minute lead when firing in his 24th goal of the season . And , within a minute , Inter had doubled their advantage when Goran Pandev set up Diego Milito to tap home from just six yards out . But Cesena refused to lie down and scored twice within six minutes in a frantic opening 45 minutes . First , Erjon Bogdani was given far too much space to turn and shoot home low into the corner of the net in the 23rd minute . Then , just six minutes later , Cesena remarkably drew level when former Inter midfielder Luis Suarez played the ball over the home defence for Emanuele Giaccherini to volley home . But the first-half scoring was still not over -- and Romanian defender Christian Chivu put the home side ahead once again on the stroke of half time when he burst into the box to head home Maicon 's cross . That was the end of the scoring , but not the chances , and Eto'o should have added his second of the game after the break but somehow managed to hit the crossbar from just eight yards out . And any chance Cesena had of getting back into the game was finally extinguished when Giaccherini was sent off for a second bookable offence . The result moves Inter up to fourth place in the Serie A table , six points behind leaders and rivals AC Milan but with a game in hand . Meanwhile , Roma are through to the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup after beating rivals Lazio 2-1 in a match marred by crowd trouble . Roma took the lead eight minutes after the break when Marco Borriello scored from the penalty spot after Stephan Lichsteiner 's handball in the area . Lazio levelled just four minutes later when Hernanes also scored from the spot after Mauro Zarate had been fouled in the area . However , Simplicio scored the winning goal 13 minutes from the end , firing home with a well-struck right-foot shot . Police made four arrests before and after the match after trouble between rival fans which resulted in a teenage Lazio fan being taken to hospital with a knife wound to his leg . Sampdoria have also reached the quarterfinals after defeating Udinese on penalties following a 2-2 draw after extra time . The Genoa-based side scored all their five spot-kicks while Argentine striker German Denis missed his penalty as Udinese went out 5-4 .	Italian champions Inter Milan record their fifth straight win under new coach Leonardo Inter defeat Cesena 3-2 to move up to fourth place in Serie A , six points behind AC Milan Roma and Sampdoria are both through to the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup
CNN  -- Russia 's top diplomat took a shot at the Western and Arab attempts to bring democratic change to Syria on Tuesday . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov singled out the Friends of the Syrian People , a coalition of dozens of nations led by the United States and the Arab League calling for tough action against the Damascus regime . "  There are outside forces that are not interested in the success of the current U.N. Security Council efforts , " Lavrov told reporters . "  They are trying everything possible to substitute the Security Council with various unofficial formats such as the ` Friends of Syria ' or some other forms . "  And  they are trying  , with everything possible , to influence the Syrian opposition so that it does n't work with the government in maintaining a cease-fire and setting up future dialogue . " Lavrov made the remarks as monitors tried to observe a U.N.-backed cease-fire that was supposed to have been in effect since Thursday . They are reviewing the government and opposition forces ' adherence to the cease-fire forged by U.N. and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan . A halt in violence is part of Annan 's six-point peace plan , which also calls for unimpeded humanitarian access and an "  inclusive Syrian-led political process . " "  It is the Syrian government 's responsibility to guarantee freedom of access and freedom of movement within the country for these observers . They should be allowed to freely move to any places where they will be able to observe the cessation of violence , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in Luxembourg on Tuesday . Annan 's effort is supported by the Syrian regime , Russia , China , the United States , Turkey and the Arab world . Analysis : U.N. diplomacy strengthens al-Assad Despite a relative drop-off in reported deaths immediately after the Thursday cease-fire deadline , violence persisted in Syria on Tuesday , the 66th anniversary of the country 's independence from France . At least 70 people were found dead across the country Tuesday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Most of those slain were found in Idlib province and other deaths occurred in Homs , Daraa and Damascus . Some of those in Idlib were killed during Monday shelling , but their bodies were not discovered and identified until Tuesday , the opposition group said . Abu Faris , an activist in the volatile city of Homs , said the military is firing rockets and mortars at the Homs neighborhoods of Khalidya and al Bayda . "  Today we have witnessed some of the worst attacks on Khalidya , " he said . "  It is absolutely unbearable . " Abu Mahmoud , an opposition activist in the southern province of Daraa , said the opposition Free Syrian Army fighters have held their fire since the cease-fire began but the government has continued what he described as aggressive acts in Daraa , as well as Homs . He called the regime 's claim that it is reacting to the activities of armed gangs "  a big lie " and believes the killing and shelling will persist . "  I do n't think everything is going to be OK , " Mahmoud said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency has consistently blamed "  armed terrorist groups " for the violence and said aggression by the groups had "  hysterically escalated " since the start of the cease-fire . But activist groups every day have cited killings by government security forces . "  I think it 's clear that over the last several days , particularly since Saturday , the violence has escalated , " U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice told CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Rice , John McCain talk Syria with Amanpour Rice said the cease-fire is not holding . When asked whether that spells the end of the Annan mission , Rice said no , but that a shaky cease-fire certainly puts it in jeopardy . Rice stressed , as she has before , U.S. opposition to military intervention in Syria . "  We 're rightly very apprehensive about increasing the militarization of this conflict . It 's already a hot war . It could spill over , " she said . Syria has been engulfed in violence for 13 months as a national uprising spread after the government began cracking down on peaceful protests . The United Nations estimates at least 9,000 people have died since the protests began , while others put the death toll at more than 11,000 . Analysis : U.N. observer mission wo n't change endgame CNN can not independently verify reports of violence and deaths , as the government has severely restricted access by international media . The United States and the United Nations have slammed the crackdown , and there have been international calls for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to leave office . Russia , long a staunch ally of Syria , and China have thwarted tough Security Council action against Damascus , including calls for the president to step down . After those countries vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution in February , the United States , Arab nations , Turkey and other groups formed Friends of the Syrian People , an initiative to bring democratic change to the nation . The group backs the efforts of the Syrian National Council -- an opposition movement with strong backing among Syrian activists and citizens -- and other opposition groups to pursue a democratic system . Representatives from one opposition group , the National Coordination Committee for Democratic Change , visited Russia on Tuesday . The group 's leader , Hasan Abdul Azim , said the Annan plan is the "  last chance " for peace in Syria , Russian media reported . He is quoted as saying that the "  Syrian dialogue needs " help from international groups such as the United Nations and the Arab League . Andrew Tabler , a Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , describes the coordination committee , based in Syria , as an "  older opposition " that does n't have the mass grass-roots and youth support of the Syrian National Council . However , he said , "  this is the established opposition the regime would rather dialogue with . " Annan was in Qatar on Tuesday to participate in an Arab League meeting on Syria , according to the state-run news agency in Qatar . Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem "  will pay a working visit to China " on Wednesday at the invitation of Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency said . A group focused on imposing sanctions against the Syrian regime convened in Paris on Tuesday , a meeting co-chaired by France , Morocco and a European Union unit . The International Working Group on Sanctions reiterated moves made in Tunis by the Friends of the Syrian People to implement various "  restrictive measures . " It strongly disapproved "  of any financial and other support to the Syrian regime and in particular ongoing arms sales . " The group also welcomed "  sanctions adopted by the EU , the Arab League , the United States of America , Turkey , Norway , Switzerland , Monaco , Croatia , Iceland , Canada , Australia and Japan " against Syria and urged those in the Friends of the Syrian People group and "  states that have not yet exerted the necessary pressure to join these efforts and further isolate the Syrian regime . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz and Ruba Alhenawi contributed to this report .	Ambassador Susan Rice says cease-fire is not holding , defends U.S. position At least 70 people were found dead in Syria on Tuesday , an opposition group says A sanctions group deplores sales of arms to Syria
A prominent Philadelphia businessman and philanthropist was among seven people killed Saturday when their private plane crashed on takeoff in Massachusetts . Lewis Katz had purchased the parent company of The Philadelphia Inquirer , the Philadelphia Daily News and CNN affiliate philly.com just days before the crash . He was 72 . "  It is with an incomprehensible amount of grief and the heaviest of hearts that my sister and I announce the loss of our beloved dad , " Drew Katz said in a statement Sunday . "  My father was my best friend . He taught me everything . He never forgot where and how he grew up , and he worked tirelessly to support his community in countless ways that were seen and unseen . " Katz was formerly the principal owner of the NBA 's New Jersey Nets and the NHL 's New Jersey Devils . He was a shareholder of the Nets , the New York Yankees and the YES Network at the time of his death . "  The New York Yankees are deeply saddened by the tragic passing of Lewis Katz " managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner said in a statement . "  Lewis was a minority owner of the Yankees and a valued , long-time friend and colleague to so many of us within the organization . He will forever be remembered . " NBA Commissioner Adam Silver called Lewis -- who took the Nets to the franchise 's first ever visit to the NBA finals in 2002-2003 -- "  a trusted friend and valued member of the NBA family . " "  All of us at the NBA were extremely saddened to learn of the tragic , sudden death of former Nets owner Lewis Katz . He was a visionary businessman who touched the lives of so many with his tireless pursuit of innovation and enterprise , as well as his deep commitment to his family , friends and community . " Silver said in a statement Sunday . Katz , who was an attorney in addition to his business ventures , was also a prolific philanthropist . His alma mater , Temple University , announced that it would rename the medical school in his honor after a $ 25 million gift in 2013 . Two buildings at Pennsylvania State University -- where Katz went to law school -- also bear his name . Katz was also active in his native Camden , New Jersey , where he founded two charter schools and supported a number of charities as well as youth , educational , religious and civic causes . Katz flew to Massachusetts earlier Saturday to attend a fund-raising event at the Boston-area home of historian Doris Kearns Goodwin . She said she had dinner with him Saturday evening before he left for his flight back to Atlantic City , New Jersey . "  He was a force of nature , " Goodwin said of her friend of 20 years in a statement . "  So deep was his commitment to education reform that he flew to Concord to support my son Michael 's Concord River institute . Afterward we all went to dinner , where we talked at length about our shared passions for sports and journalism , politics and history . But the last thing he said to me upon leaving for the plane was that most of all what we shared was our love and pride for our children . I have lost a great friend , his family has lost a great father and grandfather , and the country has lost a great man . " Luke Schiada , an air safety investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board , said the Gulfstream IV with two pilots , one flight attendant and four passengers attempted to take off at 9:40 p.m. Saturday from Hanscom Field , about 20 miles northwest of Boston . Only the plane never got airborne , according to Schiada : It crashed through a chain-link fence and went down an embankment before winding up in a gully approximately 2,000 feet from the end of the paved runway surface . He said a "  significant post-crash fire " consumed much of the plane . The NTSB announced Monday that the plane 's cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder had been recovered . Middlesex County District Attorney Marian Ryan identified the plane 's pilot as 52-year-old James McDowell of Georgetown , Delaware , the co-pilot as 45-year-old Michael De Vries of Marlton , New Jersey ; and the flight attendant as Teresa Benhoff , 48 , of Easton , Maryland . The three passengers traveling with Katz were also identified by Ryan 's office Monday as New Jersey residents Susan Asbell , 68 , Marcella Dalsey , 59 , and Anne Leeds , 74 . All three were his close associates , according to philly.com . Former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell told CNN that Katz had invited him to the event and that he would have been on the doomed flight had it not been for a previous commitment . "  You feel a loss like this on so many different areas , " he said . "  We lost one of our best civic leaders  and  our greatest philanthropist . " Rendell also said that he lost his close friend . "  Life will never be as much fun without Lewis . "	Philadelphia newspaper and sports mogul Lew Katz among 7 killed in crash Saturday night The Gulfstream jet failed to get airborne ; crashed through fence and into a gully Katz was attending an event at the Boston-area home of famed historian Doris Kearns Goodwin
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- California 's highest court upheld a voter-approved ban on same-sex marriages Tuesday but allowed about 18,000 unions performed before the ban to remain valid . Protesters gather outside the California Supreme Court in San Francisco on Tuesday . Supporters of November ballot initiative Proposition 8 hailed the ruling , but about 1,000 advocates of same-sex marriages who gathered outside the court building in San Francisco met the 6-1 decision with chants of "  Shame on you . " Following the ruling , supporters of same-sex marriage took to the streets to protest . CNN affiliate KGO reported that after the opinion was made public lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender officers were brought in specifically to help manage the crowd . During those protests 159 adults and three juveniles were arrested and cited for jaywalking , San Francisco Police Department Sgt. Lyn Tomioka told CNN . Similar rallies were held Tuesday evening in Los Angeles , where 3,500 to 5,000 protesters took part , according to police estimates . There were no arrests , said Julianne Sohn of the Los Angeles Police Department . There were also reports of demonstrations in San Diego and some other California cities , as well as in major cities nationwide . iReport.com : Rally in San Diego Lisa Angelot and Karen Brandenberger were married when it was legal , but they said their own marriage is not enough , and told KGO they were prepared to be arrested to make the point . "  It will be my first time to be arrested , " Angelot told KGO . Many supporters said it was most upsetting to have the right to marry yanked away from them after last year 's court ruling . "  It is impossible to square the elation that we felt just a year ago with the grief that we feel today , " said Kate Kendell , head of the National Center for Lesbian Rights . "  And it is impossible to reconcile the court 's ruling from a year ago with its upholding of Proposition 8 today . " The same court , dominated by Republican appointees , ruled in May 2008 that the state constitution guaranteed gay and lesbian couples the "  basic civil right " to marry . Voters responded in November by approving the marriage ban by a margin of 52 to 48 percent . iReport.com : React to court decision and share photos , video Opponents of the ban argued that it improperly altered California 's constitution to restrict a fundamental right guaranteed in the state charter . Its supporters argued that Californians long have had the right to change their state constitution through ballot initiatives . Tuesday 's ruling found that the proposition restricted the designation of marriage "  while not otherwise affecting the fundamental constitutional rights of same-sex couples , " as Chief Justice Ronald George wrote . In a dissenting opinion , Justice Carlos Moreno -- the court 's only Democratic appointee -- wrote that the decision "  is not just a defeat for same-sex couples , but for any minority group that seeks the protection of the equal protection clause of the California Constitution . " Watch what was at stake " The decision sparked protests in San Francisco , Los Angeles and San Diego . "  It 's nice that my marriage is still intact , but that 's not the point , " said Kathleen White , who was among those awaiting the ruling in San Francisco . "  The point is that everybody should have the same civil rights across the board . " But Miles McPherson , pastor of the Rock Church in San Diego , said the court "  did the right thing . " Voters in 28 other states have approved constitutional bans on same-sex marriages , and none has been rejected , he said . "  God did n't create the family that way , " McPherson said . "  You ca n't have a family with a mother and a mother , because -LSB- children -RSB- need a mother and a father to nurture their personality and their character . " Tony Perkins , president of the conservative Family Research Council , said the ruling "  should encourage pro-family activists not only in California but across the country . " But he said that by preserving marriages performed before the ban , the justices could have opened a door to a possible appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court . It was unclear whether advocates had an avenue to appeal Tuesday 's ruling , however . And Dennis Herrera , San Francisco 's city attorney , said the fight for same-sex marriage rights would most likely go on "  in the electoral arena . " "  Today we 're faced with a disappointing decision , " Herrera said . "  But I think we also know it could have been worse . " View reactions to the ruling " A new effort , dubbed Yes on Equality , has begun working to place an initiative on the 2010 ballot that would repeal Proposition 8 . State justices left unaddressed whether same-sex marriages performed in other states before the ban was adopted would be recognized in California , and advocates would have to argue that the measure violated their rights under the U.S. Constitution for the U.S. Supreme Court to take up the case . California took its first steps toward recognizing same-sex marriages in 2004 , when San Francisco began issuing marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples . iReport.com : React to court decision and share photos , video Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who opposed the initiative , praised the court for leaving the previous marriages intact and urged opponents of the decision to respond "  peacefully and lawfully . " "  While I believe that one day either the people or courts will recognize gay marriage , as governor of California , I will uphold the decision of the California Supreme Court , " Schwarzenegger said in a written statement . Four states -- Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts and Iowa -- currently allow same-sex marriages . A Vermont law making such marriages legal will take effect in September . And the District of Columbia voted May 5 to recognize same-sex marriages performed elsewhere , though it does not itself give marriage licenses to same-sex couples .	NEW : Police : 162 same-sex marriage supporters arrested during protests Dissenting opinion says decision "  fundamentally alters " state constitution Court 's 6-1 ruling met with chants of "  shame on you " from crowd of about 1,000 Voters approved ban on same-sex marriage in November
CNN  -- Creating your own religion in the real world can result in weird looks , unusual friends and sometimes , visits from law enforcement officials . Creating your own religion in the soon-to-be-released expansion for "  Civilization V " results in bonuses and benefits on your way to world domination . The new "  Civilization V : Gods and Kings " expansion pack offers players two revamped elements to the iconic real-time strategy game -- faith and spies . Neither is entirely new to the franchise , but each has been redone to make it more interesting and rewarding to use . Faith is a new resource , like gold or science . Civilizations can accumulate faith by building shrines , temples and mosques . Acquire enough faith and your fledging country can discover its own pantheon of dieties . Pantheons reward players with bonuses based the way the player has played the rest of the game . As such , the player can decide what sort of beliefs the gods represent about their civilization . Bring enough followers to your cause and eventually you can create a fully formed religion  I called mine "  The Force "  . You will also get additional bonuses to your civilization as a whole , and specific additions to city abilities . Later , you can enhance your religion and gain more benefits . There are a limited number of religions that can be created and not every country will get to create their own . This puts a premium on developing faith early in the game so you can acquire the bonuses best suited to your playing style . Religion was introduced in "  Civilization IV , " but this expansion to "  Civ V " boosts its abilities to offer benefits to the entire civilization . For instance , there was no condition for a religious victory in the preview build of the game . Religion passively crosses borders and spreads to neighboring civilizations , but active missionary work can only occur in friendly cities and city-states . The developers at Firaxis really tried to make religion something unique for each player and playing style . There are plenty of choices for beliefs and some new leaders players can control offer additional faith benefits . The preview build of "  Civ V " ended in the year 1290  189 turns  so it will be interesting to find out how religion plays out in the later stages of the game when it will have to compete with more technology-based units and goals . The second "  new " unit is the Spy , but unlike its predecessor in other versions in the franchise , it is n't a specific unit to move around on the battlefield . The "  Gods and Kings " expansion pack comes with a steampunk scenario called "  Empires of the Smokey Skies " and offers a good opportunity to use the spies . The scenario starts out in the Steam Age and offers steampunkish new abilities and units , like the Land Leviathan and the Sky Fortress . The civilization leaders are decked out in top hats , wielding goggles and other trinkets you 'd expect in a steampunk adventure . The goals of the scenario are also different from the traditional game . Become the leader in five different categories and you win . Spies play a big role here and help players keep an eye on their rivals . You can assign them to steal technology , find out information or kill enemy spies . They also will slant local voting in your favor to give you a better reputation in the city where they 're working . In past "  Civilization " iterations , spies would have to sneak their way to an enemy city , do one mission and hopefully escape with their lives . In "  Gods and Kings , " spies stick around in the cities where they are assigned for as long as they want  provided they are n't discovered  . This allows players to concentrate on other aspects of the game while still getting intelligence reports on their neighbors . Spies can be reassigned , but do you really want to risk an information black hole in the city you 're leaving vacant ? The "  Smokey Skies " scenario was short , but offered the best chance to see the spies in action . I only recruited one spy in normal game play in turn 187 and that happened spontaneously . Will there be something in the later stages that helps players recruit more agents or train them better ? "  Civilization V : Gods and Kings " will offer more units , buildings , Wonders of the World and new civilizations to try out . Revamping the religious and spy elements will make the game even more thoughtful  if that 's possible  and challenging for new and experienced players alike . "  One more turn " just got a whole lot harder to avoid .	"  Civilization " expansion revamps religion and spies "  Civilization V : Gods and Kings " updates the iconic strategy game Religion can help define a civilization and give it abilities Spies are more flexible in the new version
CNN  -- Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio said Tuesday he shrugged off reports of a $ 1 million bounty on his head by Mexican drug cartels , saying this is not the first -- nor the largest . Arpaio , who calls himself "  America 's toughest sheriff , " told CNN he had a $ 5 million bounty on his head when he worked for the Drug Enforcement Administration in Mexico . "  It 's nothing new , " Arpaio said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  It 's part of my job . They keep coming after me . " Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Lisa Allen said Monday that authorities are investigating the threat , which came in the form of a text message from a throwaway cell phone in Mexico . Allen said that the message was sent to a "  text message tree , " similar to a phone tree . The message offered $ 1 million to anyone who could kill Arpaio . She said investigators "  do n't know how likely it is " they will be able to track down the sender . It was not clear how the threat came to light . Allen said the FBI is assisting in the probe , but FBI special agent Manuel Johnson , a spokesman for the bureau 's Phoenix office , said the agency is aware of the reported threat but he knows of no federal investigation . Johnson said the bureau would help if Arpaio 's office requested assistance . Arpaio is well-known for creating a tent city jail in the Arizona desert , providing pink underwear for inmates and bragging that he spends more to feed his dog than a prisoner in his jail . He made national headlines for his tough enforcement of Arizona 's anti-illegal immigration laws and for his outspoken support for a new state immigration law , parts of which were blocked by a federal judge last week . His critics say he has a long history of abusing his power and launching bogus criminal investigations against political opponents . Those critics note that while the probes were launched with great public fanfare , they rarely resulted in convictions . A federal grand jury is probing the complaints , but Arpaio 's allies have defended the investigations as necessary . The 78-year-old sheriff , who has been the chief law enforcement officer for the county that includes Phoenix and many of its suburbs since 1992 , would not discuss the issue with CNN in a July interview , citing the federal probe . Arpaio was elected Maricopa County sheriff in 1992 and has been re-elected every four years since . He served for 32 years in federal law enforcement before then , ultimately becoming head of the DEA 's Arizona office . Speaking Tuesday on "  American Morning , " Arpaio said the latest threats come with the job . "  It 's part of my work , " he said . "  I do my job . Nothing changes . "	$ 1 million bounty was sent as a text message , the sheriff 's office said Threat originated in Mexico , sheriff 's spokeswoman says Sheriff Joe Arpaio said he 's had previous death threats , including a $ 5 million bounty "  It 's part of my job , " sheriff tells CNN
CNN  -- In just one day , you 'll get a mere glimpse of Rome , a city teeming with over two millennia of culture -- but it will surely whet your appetite for more . The sun sets behind St. Peter 's Basilica on a beautiful spring day in Rome . Spring is one of the most beautiful times of year to visit the "  eternal city , " when flowers begin to bloom from ancient monuments , cafe tables reappear on bustling sidewalks and throngs of summer tourists are yet to descend en masse . Food-lovers will also be thrilled to find many traditional Italian ingredients in high-season -- look out for fresh fava beans , agretti and wild mushrooms . Before dawn , head up to the Janiculum Hill to catch the sun rise . From here you 'll be able to see the Vatican , Borghese Gardens , Pantheon , Colosseum , Castel Sant ` Angelo and Campidolgio , all come to light in one breathtaking cityscape . In Rome , breakfast is on-the-go . Your best bet is to stroll through one of the early morning markets to pick up a hot cornetto and some fresh fruit . One of the oldest is Campo di Fiori , a daily mix of food and flower stalls in an eclectic renaissance square . Proceed from the Campo through the ruins of the Roman Forum , past the spot where Julius Caesar was slain , toward the Pantheon . Built in 124 A.D. as a temple to all the gods of Rome , the Pantheon remains today as a Catholic church and a tomb for Italian luminaries , such as the artist Raphael and King Vittorio Emmanuelle II . Stand in the center of the rotunda and gaze up to the heavens through the eight-meter-high oculus at the center of the five-ton concrete dome -- a stunning feat of ancient engineering , still intact after two thousand years . The most important part of the morning is the coffee , and Romans are passionately divided as to who makes the best cup : Sant Eustachio  Piazza Sant ` Eustachio , steps behind the Pantheon  or Tazza d'Oro  Via degli Orfani , a few feet in front of the Pantheon  . Take your coffee the traditional Italian way , standing up at the bar . Spend the rest of the morning exploring St. Peter 's Basilica and the Vatican Museums . Home to the papacy , Vatican City is brimming with extraordinary artworks and monuments of history . Once inside St. Peter 's , admire Michaelangelo 's "  Pieta " and the incredible soaring dome he helped complete . Climb to the top of it for an incredible view , and perhaps another coffee . Image gallery : See more of Rome 's art treasures " Splurge on a private tour guide for the Vatican museums to avoid the hour-long lines outside . Highlights include the Sistine Chapel , featuring Michelangelo 's famed ceiling fresco series and "  Last Judgment , " works by Raphael , da Vinci , Caravaggio , and ancient wonders from Rome and Egypt . After the Vatican , stroll across Via Cola di Rienzo and the Ponte de Margherita to the Piazza del Popolo , where an Egyptian obelisk of Rameses II has stood since 10 B.C. . The food at Dal Bolognese , a fixture on the well-heeled lunch scene , is consistently outstanding and the view on the square can not be beaten  do n't miss the Caravaggios tucked inside the tiny Santa Maria del Popolo church nearby  . In the afternoon , head to the Borghese for a leisurely stroll through the gardens and a stunning collection of Baroque sculpture . If you 're in the mood for shopping , head down the Via Babuino towards the Spanish Steps . Drop into l'Offatorio perfume bar on the way for a "  fragrance tour " and get a custom-made scent bottled . Also check out TAD , a minimalist-design luxury lifestyle store for everything from shoes to a haircut . Some of the city 's best boutiques are nearby - find them by meandering through the side streets between Via Croce and Via Condotti . Essential to any afternoon in Rome are a few scoops of ice cream . The renowned classic Giolitti , in the Piazza Colonna , is an Italian institution : politicians flock here between their government meetings . Enjoy a few of their 40-odd flavors of gelatto as you stroll around the Column of Marcus Aurelius . If you 're over by the Spanish Steps , try San Crispino on Via della Panetteria , and sit at the edge of Bernini 's Trevi Fountain while you indulge . In the evening , take in a performance before dinner either at the Teatro dell ` Opera , or the Accademia Santa Cecilia , for classical music . For dinner , Rome 's casual outdoor trattorias can not be beaten . For pizza , locals line up outside Da Ivo in Trastevere , then take their piping-hot thin-crust pie over to Piazza Santa Maria , the neighborhood 's heart , and watch impromptu performers and musicians cheer the crowds . For homemade pasta , try Maccheroni or Da Francesco  particularly for gnocchi  near Piazza Navona . For a formal meal , head to the Michelin three-starred La Pergola at the Cavelieri Hilton . Arrive early for a gorgeous view of the sunset from the hotel bar , perched high atop Monte Mori . At night , the spirit of Fellini 's "  La Dolce Vita " lives on , in low-lit cafes , wine bars and nightclubs . Bar della Pace is a fashionable Roman classic for drinks . For all-night dancing , try the see-and-be-seen La Maison . Both are tucked behind the Piazza Navona , where you can stroll past Bernini 's "  Quatro Fiumi "  Four Rivers  fountains , beautifully lit up in the early hours of the morning . What are your tips for getting the most out of the city ? Use the Sound Off box below and have your say .	Our tips for Rome : Hire a private guide to see Michaelangelo 's stunning frescoes Indulge in homemade gnocchi and gelatto in Rome 's bustling piazzas Taste the good life with the late-night locals at Bar della Pace What are your favorite places in Rome ? Share them with CNN users below .
CNN  -- The National Labor Relations Board 's general counsel said Wednesday that McDonald 's is an employer . This might not seem like surprising news , but the NLRB directive has the potential to shake up an industry that profits handsomely by shifting responsibility for workers onto franchisees . Before , if there were a labor violation in a restaurant , McDonald 's could just say : "  Well , take it with up with the franchise boss . It 's not our problem . " The fast-food industry 's modern-day sharecropping model often results in wage theft and unfair labor practices , but -- with corporate parents skirting responsibility for conditions they actually control -- leaves low-wage workers holding the bag . This is also common practice in other contracted sectors like agriculture , janitorial , garment and construction . Across our economy , some version of corporate outsourcing , like franchising , is increasingly the norm . Other methods of outsourcing are multiple layers of contractors , using staffing or temp firms to supply workers , and misclassifying employees as independent contractors . The companies thus distance themselves from the labor aspects of their businesses and in so doing , attempt to skip their accountability for front-line workers elsewhere . While this restructuring of employment arrangements may be the reality of work today , it does n't have to -- and should not -- spell the end of living wage jobs or business responsibility for the work and workers these corporate giants control . Placing responsibility where it should lie , as the general counsel 's decision does , is an essential ingredient of a sustainable economy in which people who work for a living can earn a decent living . Fast-food jobs are not simply rites of passage for teens , they are real jobs families rely on to get by . Seventy percent of fast food workers are adults 20 or older , more than a quarter are raising kids , and one-third have post-high-school education . Yet , despite industry growth and rising profits , fast-food jobs are among the country 's lowest-paying . Average front-line hourly pay is $ 8.69 , with many jobs paying at or near minimum wage . Many fast-food workers get only part-time hours even though they need full-time work . Roughly 87 % receive no employer-provided health benefits , and more than half of the families of front-line workers must rely on taxpayer-funded safety net programs to make ends meet . These conditions have fueled fast-food worker strikes in every corner of the country and protests around the globe . Earlier this year , workers in Michigan , New York and California filed class action lawsuits against McDonald 's Corp. and its franchisees , seeking back pay for alleged wage theft . These lawsuits name McDonald 's as a defendant because of strong evidence that it exerts substantial control over the operations of the franchise restaurants , leaving them little room to make decisions . In particular , the fast-food giant owns all real estate in its franchised restaurants and charges high rents and royalty fees . It imposes take-it-or-leave-it franchise agreements on franchisees , among other things , requiring them to install company-supplied computer software that tracks data about sales , inventory , and labor costs . These tight controls and oversight can make it difficult for franchisees to run profitably : A 2007 franchiser-commissioned study found that franchisees had higher default rates on Small Business Administration loans than non-franchisees . When companies like McDonald 's intervene to such an extent in operations , they should be held responsible along with their franchisees for operations that are not above board . But too many of these corporate parents evade responsibility . Holding lead companies like McDonald 's accountable will not portend the death of franchising , as the International Franchise Association argues . It simply means that corporations that exercise sufficient control over franchised operations can not feign ignorance or disclaim responsibility for franchisees ' illegal acts , especially when those acts flow from the business model the lead company imposes . The more realistic and balanced arrangement for all stakeholders -- the corporate parent , franchisee , front-line workers , consumers and the economy overall -- requires that McDonald 's and other outsourcers ensure that their franchised operations operate as law-abiding businesses that treat workers fairly . At its most basic level , such accountability means ensuring that franchisees understand what the law requires . But it also means that when a franchisee cheats workers of wages they have earned , the workers should have recourse against the corporate parent as well . Too much is at stake for our economy and our society to allow companies like McDonald 's to use franchise and outsourcing agreements that seek to maximize control and profits for them , while absolving them of responsibility for workers and their livelihoods . In holding McDonald 's jointly liable with its franchisees , the general counsel 's decision seeks to put an end to this charade .	NLRB just ruled McDonald 's is an employer and must take responsibility for workers Writers : The fast-food industry often hands over responsibility for workers to its franchisees Writers : This means it 's immune from problems with workers at their restaurants Writers : Now if franchisee cheats , workers have recourse against corporate parent
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A third man in China has died from the H7N9 virus , a strain of avian flu not previously detected in humans , the Zhejiang provincial department of health said Wednesday , according to state-run media outlet Xinhua . The disclosure of the third death comes only days after Chinese authorities announced the first three known cases of humans infected with the H7N9 bird flu virus on Sunday . The total number of people infected with H7N9 in China has risen to nine , Xinhua reported Wednesday . The death reported Wednesday was that of a 38-year-old man who passed away on March 27 in his home province of Zhejiang in eastern China , Xinhua reported . He worked in nearby Jiangsu province , where at least four other cases of humans infected with H7N9 were reported Tuesday . Two other people who died -- men aged 27 and 87 -- lived in nearby Shanghai , according to Xinhua . The World Health Organization confirmed those deaths Monday . Chinese authorities are trying to find the source of the human infections . They have so far said there are no signs of transmission of the H7N9 virus between any of the victims or people they have come into close contact with , suggesting the virus is n't highly contagious among humans . They have also dismissed suggestions linking the infections with the discovery of thousands of pig carcasses from the Huangpu River which runs through Shanghai . The Shanghai Animal Disease Prevention and Control Center on Monday tested 34 samples of pig carcasses pulled from the river and found no bird flu viruses , Xinhua reported . On Tuesday , the Jiangsu provincial health bureau reported four cases of H7N9 in humans : a 45-year-old woman from Nanjing , a 48-year-old woman from Suqian , an 83-year-old man from Suzhou , and a 32-year-old woman from Wuxi . The Nanjing woman worked culling poultry , it said . Malik Peiris , a professor at Hong Kong University 's School of Public Health , said Monday that the H7N9 strain of avian flu , already known to exist in wild birds , had probably been transmitted to poultry , and it infected the humans . "  It 's really important to understand where this virus is coming from , " he said . Authorities in Shanghai are gathering daily data on cases of pneumonia resulting from unknown causes and will set up a team of experts to assess the "  severity and risk " of H7N9 , Xinhua reported Tuesday . Since the transmission of these types of viruses from animals to humans is usually "  extremely inefficient , " there are often tens of thousands of infected birds for every human case , according to Peiris . As a result , "  it is very likely that there is a quite widespread outbreak happening " among the animals from which it came , he said , underscoring the urgent need to track down the source . The World Health Organization said Monday it was "  in contact with the national authorities and is following the event closely . " Because there are so few cases of H7N9 detected so far , little research has been done , according to Xinhua . There are no known vaccines against this virus , it said . But Peiris said it was likely that existing anti-flu drugs , such as Tamiflu , are likely to work against the H7N9 strain . He also noted that the WHO has identified the H7 virus family as a potential threat and earmarked possible vaccine candidates . He said other strains from the H7 family had caused previous outbreaks in poultry in countries including the Netherlands , Britain , Canada , the United States and Mexico . Human infection was documented in all of those cases except the Mexican one . The outbreak of the H7N7 strain in the Netherlands in 2003 infected 89 people , one of whom died , according to Peiris . The better known H5N1 avian flu virus has infected more than 600 people since 2003 , of which 371 have died , according to the WHO . In February , China reported two new human cases of H5N1 in the southern province of Guizhou , both of whom were in a critical condition , the WHO said . A spike in H5N1 deaths , many of them children , has been reported in Cambodia , prompting concern among health authorities . READ MORE : 2 dead in China from unusual bird flu strain READ MORE : New killer strain of bird flu in China not previously found in humans	NEW : Third man to die lived in Zhejiang in eastern China , but worked in Jiangsu province Announcement comes days after the first three other cases -- and first two deaths -- were announced Officials are trying to find the source of the infections
Washington  CNN  -- Several members of Congress pressed the head of the Drug Enforcement Administration on Wednesday to explain why stronger action has not been taken against three agents under investigation for alleged involvement with prostitutes in Colombia . Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , noted that nine Secret Service agents lost their jobs for spending time with prostitutes in Cartagena , Colombia , in April . The men were sent to Cartagena in advance of a presidential trip . Sensenbrenner wanted to know why the DEA agents have n't been fired . DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart said she must wait until the Justice Department 's Office of Inspector General concludes its probe concerning the allegations against the three agents . Secret Service scandal : systemic problem or abberation ? "  It 's not really appropriate for me to pre-judge the results , but I guarantee you that if there was misconduct , they will face our disciplinary process , " said Leonhart . Leonhart said she immediately pulled her agents out of Colombia when she learned of the allegations and made them available to the inspector general for interviews . "  They are presently on limited duty while the investigation is taking place , " she said . A DEA official told CNN the agents currently are not involved in any investigatory work and their only current task is to cooperate with investigators . According to two government sources briefed on the investigation , one DEA agent had a long-term relationship with a prostitute . Allegations concerning the DEA agents came to light following reports concerning twelve Secret Service agents who went out drinking at Cartagena night clubs on April 11 and ended up bringing women back to their hotel rooms . Three of those agents were cleared of serious misconduct . The military opened an investigation of 12 service members for their alleged involvement but has not announced any findings yet . The issue of DEA involvement came up when a Secret Service agent voluntarily reported to his supervisors that had attended a party with the DEA agents and several women at a Cartagena apartment on April 13 . The Secret Service agent -- the 13th agent to be caught up in the scandal -- is currently on administrative leave and is not expected to lose his job , according to several sources . That Secret Service agent said he accepted a massage from a woman he thought was a masseuse and that when things started to turn sexual he stopped it . The agent is the third supervisor caught up in the Colombia controversy . According to a law enforcement official , the agent works in protective intelligence which reviews any threats and risks to the president . "  No classified or sensitive information was compromised " by the 13th agent or the ones involved in the partying on April 11 , said the official . There was a delay in Congress being told the details about the 13th agent . "  One significant concern was that there were DEA agents on the ground and care had to be taken not to accidentally identify them or disrupt any ongoing investigations , " said the law enforcement official . The DEA agents worked undercover , acording to officials . Secret Service spokesman Max Millien said the agent "  self-reported potential misconduct " on April 19 and an investigation was begun . Millien said Congress was fully briefed on May 4 . "  Throughout this process the Secret Service has worked diligently to brief Congress on the details of this investigation in a transparent and comprehensive manner . " CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Kate Bolduan , Ashley Hayes and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Secret Service and DEA agents were in Colombia in April , ahead of a presidential trip Nine Secret Service agents have lost their jobs for allegedly spending time with prostitutes No action has been taken against three DEA agents still under investigation The head of the DEA says "  if there was misconduct , they will face our disciplinary process "
A little more than 400 years ago a king of England , James I , was informed by one of his judges , Edward Coke , that while the king was under no man , he was under God and the law . This was one of the earliest and most powerful suggestions that our legal system  borrowed from the English  had , as its core principle , that there must be some restraint on arbitrary power . Ours is supposed to be a government , as John Adams wrote in the Massachusetts Constitution of 1780 , of laws and not of men . What the health care ruling means to you In what will go down as one of the most important Supreme Court decisions of the 21st century , a majority of the justices have affirmed that most noble and important of Anglo-American legal maxims . But the court 's opinion , in preserving the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , under Congress ' taxing power , still gives a virtually unlimited sway to the power of the federal government . The court 's opinion is a long one , and will be carefully parsed by legal scholars , but the bottom line is not difficult to discern . Chief Justice John Roberts has , whether he makes it clear in his opinion or not , chosen to leave the determination of the scope of Congress ' powers to Congress itself , and to the American people , who place their representatives in Congress . How the Supreme Court voted , what they wrote The argument against the Affordable Care Act was that the individual mandate , by requiring virtually all adult Americans to buy health insurance or pay a penalty , could not be justified under the commerce power , because instead of regulating commerce , the act was an attempt to compel participation in commerce . The chief justice and Justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito all now concede that that argument was correct , and that there must be some limits to the power of the federal government when it seeks to regulate interstate commerce . This was the clear holding of prior Supreme Court cases as well . But with the chief justice 's turning to the taxing power to justify the individual mandate , what his opinion takes away under the Commerce Clause , is , in effect , given back . This is particularly disappointing , because the authors of the Affordable Care Act , and its defenders , such as President Barack Obama , repeatedly assured the American people that it was a measure that would reduce costs , not increase them , and that the act was not an attempt to raise taxes . Breaking down the court 's decision A tax measure is less politically palatable than an "  individual mandate , " and had the penalty provisions of the individual mandate been frankly acknowledged to be a tax , it would have been more difficult to pass the act , perhaps even impossible , given the closeness of the margin by which it was enacted . Some court watchers repeatedly said that the chief justice did not want to render a decision which , by finding the Affordable Care Act unconstitutional , would plunge the court once again into the political thicket it encountered in 2000 with Bush v. Gore . What Roberts has done in this case seems to prove those observers correct . A health care victory that 's only a start The court has paid some lip service to the principle that ours is a government of laws , not of men , and that the Constitution exists to reign in arbitrary power . There are four Justices -- Scalia , Kennedy , Thomas and Alito -- who seem sincere in that belief . I wish I could say that I believe Roberts is as well . What the court has failed to do in this case must be corrected by the American people themselves . It is now for Congress , perhaps , to reconsider this unwise act , which unduly expands the reach of the central government , and unwisely restricts the liberty of the American people . Ruling plays into campaign narrative for both sides The decision is also a reminder of the sad truth that our constitutional liberties hang by too slender a thread . There is now a new and potent issue to be considered in the upcoming election , and that is , which candidate will have an opportunity to shift the precarious balance of the justices on the court . It is unconscionable for 5-4 majorities to alter the meaning of the Constitution , and to shift the basis Congress has given for legislation . One can only hope that after this November the likelihood of this happening again will be less .	The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld the health care law in 5-4 ruling Stephen B. Presser : The ruling unduly expands the reach of the federal government He says chief justice 's turning to the taxing power to justify the law is disappointing Presser : It is now up to Congress to reconsider this unwise act
CNN  -- A gang rape allegedly involving the teenage son of a famous Chinese "  singing general " has caused outrage in China , unleashing a tide of public anger over the behavior of so-called "  princelings , " the children of elite families . Li Tianyi , 17 , stood before Haidian People 's Court in a closed hearing in Beijing Wednesday and Thursday , one of five defendants accused of raping a woman in a hotel room in February after drinking with her in a bar . Li , who also goes by the name Li Guanfeng , told the court he was drunk and could remember little of the night in question , but denied beating or having sex with the woman , the state-run Beijing News reported . While Li 's four co-accused issued guilty pleas by the trial 's end , Li continued to deny the allegations , state media reported . Li is the baby-faced son of 74-year-old Li Shuangjiang , a celebrity singer for the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  and dean of music at the PLA Academy of Arts , who became a household name for his renditions of patriotic anthems on television . The teen 's mother , Meng Ge , is also a well-known PLA singer , and attended court to support her son . Li has previously made headlines for running afoul of the law . In 2011 , aged 15 , he was arrested after attacking a family in a road rage accident . Li , who was driving a BMW with no license plates , angrily confronted the occupants of a vehicle blocking his way , threatening bystanders and daring them to call police . Explore : China 's new leaders He had previously racked up 36 traffic violations while driving without a license , according to media reports , triggering an outcry when the incident was reported . He was subsequently sent to a juvenile detention center for a year , and his father issued a public apology . Tian Canjun , lawyer for the alleged victim in the rape case , said his client had been hospitalized due to stress and would not be attending the trial , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Lawyers for the accused have argued in pre-trial hearings that the woman was a prostitute , and the matter should be tried as a prostitution matter , rather than a rape case . The trial has caused a sensation in China , focusing public attention once again on the excessive lifestyles of China 's rich and powerful and their families , who are widely seen as entitled and corrupt . It comes hot on the heels of the sensational trial of former Communist Party kingpin Bo Xilai , which offered a lurid snapshot of alleged corruption among China 's political aristocracy . Chinese social media users have been scathing of Li , who has become one of the most infamous examples of a "  taizidang , " or "  princeling . " "  This just demonstrates that the elite class is above the law in China , " wrote a user called @woshixiaojuanmao_loving on the popular Chinese micro-blogging service Sina Weibo . Read more : Privileged kids anger Chinese public "  Meng Ge has totally failed in educating and nurturing her son , " wrote another , using the handle @ingyunyixiuge777 . "  This case gives us a glimpse of the corruption in China , and the government should punish the criminal severely to sound a warning to others . " In July , hackers attacked the website of one of Li 's lawyers , leaving a message stating : "  We just want to return justice to the client . " Public opinion has been mounting against the princelings since an incident in 2010 , when the drunk-driving 22-year-old son of a deputy provincial police chief fatally ran over a student and shouted : "  Sue me if you dare ! My father is Li Gang ! " The phrase has since become synonymous with nepotism and corruption in China . Recognizing the threat posed by the popular discontent over the issue , President Xi Jinping has made a priority of stamping out abuses by officials , with a high-profile anti-corruption campaign that has toppled senior figures including the former railways minister and a top economic planning official . He has recently focused his attention on the PLA 's musicians , many of whom have celebrity status . On Monday , he publicly rebuked PLA musicians following a series of embarrassing reports detailing their privileged lifestyles and exposing incidents of commercial exploitation of their positions . The dressing down was accompanied by new measures , signed off by Xi and detailed in the PLA Daily , the official organ of China 's armed forces , designed to curb the excesses of military musical troupes . Xi 's wife , the noted soprano Peng Liyuan , herself served in a PLA performance troupe . Prosecutors said the gang rape accused who are juveniles -- four of the five on trial are aged under 18 -- should receive lesser punishments due to their youth , and that the defendant who helped authorities build their case against his co-accused should have his sentence further diminished , Xinhua reported . It said the court would issue its verdict on the case in due course . CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	Li Tianyi , 17 , is one of 5 accused of gang raping a woman in February ; he denies the charges As the privileged son of two famous military singers , he is known as a "  princeling " He caused outrage two years ago for attacking a family during a road rage incident Public anger is mounting at the behavior of China 's elite families , perceived as spoilt and corrupt
Auburn , Maine  CNN  -- A quiet lobbying campaign by a low-key man from Maine could determine which party controls the Senate next year . Sen. Angus King , a Maine Independent , is holding private conversations with Independent Senate candidates to urge them against siding with Democrats or Republicans before the election . In a narrowly divided Senate , this group of Independents could tip the balance of power -- and wield tremendous clout . "  If you announce in advance which party you 're going to caucus with , you may as well just sign up and say I 'm one or the other , " King told CNN . King recently advised Independent Kansas Senate candidate Greg Orman on how to be most effective running outside the two party system . Another Independent candidate , Larry Pressler of South Dakota , got similar pointers from King , who strongly suggested that Pressler evade questions about which party he he will caucus with -- just as King did when he first ran for the Senate two years ago . After his 2012 election as an Independent , King decided to caucus with Democrats , who currently control the Senate . But he 's taking the same advice he 's giving the candidates , refusing to rule out joining Republicans if they capture the Senate . "  I 'm not going to answer that question , " King said . "  I 'll make that decision at the time based upon what i think is in the best interest of Maine . " He added : "  My first priority is to try to make the Senate work better and to the extent that as an Independent I can help to do that , that 's my goal , " said King . King admitted he has been in talks with other moderate Senators in both parties for "  the past six months or so " to form a centrist caucus . However , he said it would be an informal group , and he does not envision breaking away any time soon from organizing around the two parties , as the Senate does now . POWER OF THE INDEPENDENT When King got to the Senate in 2013 there was only one other Independent , Bernie Sanders , a proud progressive who knows how to work across the aisle , like negotiating a Veterans Affairs overhaul . But Sanders has always caucused with Democrats . It used to be that Independents were titling at windmills , almost sure to lose to either the Democratic or Republican candidates . "  The hardest thing for an Independent is to get across an invisible credibility line and they 're not wasting their vote , " said King . But he crossed that invisible line in part because he had proven himself as a successful Independent governor here , but also because people were so desperate to send an alternative to Washington . "  When I was campaigning in Maine two years ago and people came up to me on the street they never started the conversation with health care , the Affordable Care Act , Syria , or anything else . What they started with was ` why ca n't those people down there talk to each other and get something done ? ' " recalled King . That overriding disgust appears more potent in 2014 . Strategists in both parties say their data show the most effective candidates this election year are those who can genuinely separate themselves from today 's partisan politics . That 's why candidates like Orman , and to a lesser extent Pressler , a former Republican , are doing well , and Independent candidates in other states are doing well enough to make an impact on their races . "  What I think it says is that the public is tired of the choices that they 're being given and they 're very tired of the gridlock and they 're looking for alternatives , " King told us . KING DID NOT ENDORSE FELLOW INDEPENDENT Orman is running in a tight race against sitting Sen. Pat Roberts . King told CNN that in his conversation with Orman , he explained that he could n't provide an endorsement because he made a pledge not to campaign against a sitting colleague . Still , he told Orman that he was happy to give him advice and is encouraged by his strong Independent candidacy . And while King is careful to say he is not sure there is a major trend towards Independent candidates quite yet , he openly dreams of Orman and Pressler actually winning and what that would mean for the future of Independents in politics . "  It 's going to encourage other people in other states who are going to say ` look there are guys in the Senate who are doing this and it 's not unthinkable . They 're getting these done , " said King . INDEPENDENT - SPOILER ? The reality is that Independent candidates in most campaigns still register in single digits at best , and are viewed by party leaders as mere spoilers taking away votes from GOP or Democratic candidates . In the governors race here in Maine , if incumbent Republican Paul LaPage wins , he can likely thank Independent Eliot Cutler for pulling votes away from Democrat Michael Michaud . "  I prefer the term winner to the term spoiler , " King said generally of the sentiment . "  There is always a risk but you ca n't calculate these kinds of things . you got ta say who is the best candidate , " he added , perhaps wishfully . WATCH : All eyes on S. Dakota , Kansas , Georgia	Angus King is urging Independent Senate candidates against siding with either party King is talking to Kansas Senate candidate Greg Orman and Larry Pressler of South Dakota King wo n't say which party he 'll join next year
TAIJI , Japan  CNN  -- Mention a dolphin to someone in the United States and they 'll think about a trip to Sea World or the 1960s-era TV program "  Flipper . " Residents in Taiji , Japan , have been hunting dolphins for hundreds of years . Talk about a dolphin in rural Japan and some people think of dinner . Fishermen hunt dolphins about every day in Taiji , a town of about 3,000 in southwestern Japan that juts into the Pacific Ocean . Locals know they offend Western sensibilities by eating dolphins , but they say it 's a tradition hundreds of years old . And they say outsiders have no more right to tell them to stop eating dolphins than they would have to demand that Westerners stop slaughtering , say , chickens or cows . Watch fishermen catch dolphins " "  I know there are many different ways of thinking in different societies , but for us who 've been eating this for a long time ... it 's an awkward thing to be criticized for , " says Kayoko Tanaka , a retired middle school teacher . "  I either fry dolphin meat or turn it into a stew . " That disgusts Ric O'Barry , a 68-year-old retired dolphin trainer from Miami who makes a second home in Taiji , where he goes to unusual lengths to fight against the tide of local tradition . O'Barry sometimes dresses as a woman or wears a large surgical mask to disguise his Western identity on trips to spots overlooking the ocean . He prowls the cliffs with a video camera , hoping to catch fishermen in the act with footage that could stir emotions and raise awareness in the West . "  This here is ground zero for the largest slaughter of dolphins on planet Earth , " says O'Barry , who trained five dolphins to play "  Flipper " on the TV series of that name . "  It 's absolutely barbaric and it needs to stop . " He says the dolphins face a cruel fate . "  It takes a very long time to die . They bleed to death . And some of them are dragged in the boats with hooks while they 're still alive , " he says . "  Many of them are gutted while they 're still alive . " Looming beyond questions of whether the slaughter is humane , however , are larger and more complex questions of culture and perspective . To some puzzled people in rural Japan , the question comes down to this : What 's the difference between killing and eating a dolphin and killing and eating a fish ? Or a chicken ? Or a cow ? Most Japanese do not eat dolphins -- it 's common in a few small fishing villages -- but the government respects the rights of people in towns like Taiji , says Joji Morishita , the international negotiator for Japan 's Fisheries Agency . Many Japanese consider the deer a sacred messenger from the gods , he says , but they would never suggest that people in other parts of the world stop venturing into the woods on a quest for venison , Morishita says . "  We do n't like to play God to say this animal is just for food and this is not , " he says . "  Because we know nation to nation we have totally different ideas . " That 's obvious in the growing clash between Australia and Japan over whale hunting . Japanese ships crisscross the Antarctic Ocean each winter to capture and kill up to 1,000 whales . Whaling is allowed under international law when done for scientific reasons , which Japan cites as the legal basis for its hunts . Legal justifications aside , however , the whale hunts offend many people in Australia , where new Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has turned up the political pressure on Japan . His government has dispatched a customs ship to monitor and videotape the whalers . And Rudd says Australia could even file charges against Japan in an international court to try to stop the whaling . Back in Taiji , the fishermen are well aware of the Western sentiment that motivates whaling opponents . They realize the danger to their way of life that can come with prying cameras from other countries . When CNN trained its cameras on fishermen gutting some freshly killed dolphins , the fishermen erected some tarps to obstruct the view . Representatives of the Taiji Fishermen 's Union declined CNN requests for an on-camera interview . So did the town 's mayor and several others . And O'Barry says he 's gotten into a few shouting matches with fishermen , who resent him and his camera . So what does O'Barry say to their claim that he has no right to tell them to abandon a tradition that has flourished in their small corner of the world for more than 400 years ? "  If someone came to my hometown and told me what to do , what to eat , I 'd be outraged , " he says . "  But that 's not going to stop me from doing it . I mean , tradition ? It used to be traditional for women not to vote . So do we keep that going because it 's traditional and cultural ? Of course not . " Complicating the debate are findings suggesting that eating dolphins may not be good for one 's health . The Japanese government said in 2005 that bottlenose dolphin meat contains 12 times more mercury than blue fin tuna -- high levels of mercury in fish can cause health problems in pregnant women and young children . A city councilman in Taiji , Junichiro Yamashita , grew so concerned about mercury levels that he persuaded locals schools to stop serving dolphin meat at lunch . He even plucked some of his hair , sent it off for testing and discovered that it contained seven times as much mercury as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency considers safe . The mercury findings have not swayed Masaru Matsushita , a Taiji fish dealer . He says that dolphin activists like O'Barry only see their needs without understanding the culture in his town . "  I understand that they think the dolphin in a cute animal , and I agree they 're cute doing performances , " he says , "  but it is our culture to eat dolphins . " E-mail to a friend	Dolphin hunts have been carried out in Japanese town for centuries Westerners protest "  barbaric " slaughter of the marine mammals Local residents say other nations have no right to criticize dolphin hunts Japanese government has found unsafe mercury levels in dolphins
A man lies dead ; his severely emaciated body makes the rib cage protruding from his midsection look violent and sharp . A child sits in the dirt , the closed storefront behind him spray-painted with the words "  I swear to God I am hungry . " The lifeless body of a baby lies discolored and wrapped in a white sheet . These are a few of the pictures activists have posted on social media pages from the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp , just 6 miles from central Damascus . The first to die from starvation at the camp was 4-year old Abdelhay Youssef on November 2 , activists say . Since then , at least 43 more people have died from a lack of food and medical supplies at the camp -- 28 from starvation , said the Palestine Association for Human Rights in Syria , which has gathered and posted the names of the dead . The camp has been cut off from aid since November 2013 and engulfed in fighting between the government and rebel forces since December 2012 , when the Free Syrian Army rebel group gained control of the area but the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad controlled the entrances . In late 2012 , the Free Syrian Army clashed with the pro-Assad leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine - General Command , which had run the camp . The regime still maintains control of camp entrances , and armed groups fighting near the entrances have prevented aid from entering . Syria talks off to ` good beginning , ' U.N. mediator says ` We are dying , slowly ' "  Today is the 180th day that food has not been allowed in Yarmouk , " activist and resident who goes by the nom de guerre Abu Mohammed said . "  We had food when it started , and it  has run out  since then . " People are now surviving on water boiled with herbs , he said , or families sharing a cup of rice with their neighbors . "  We are dying , slowly , " he said . "  Just today , three people tried to go to an empty field to eat grass from the ground , and they were shot by snipers , " he said , his voice rising in frustration . "  If you can imagine -- people are dying just to eat grass . " Another picture from the camp shows stalks of cactus that activists say are being sold for 500 Syrian pounds  $ 3.50  . The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East , or UNRWA , has tried to give food and other aid to camp residents "  amid reports of widespread malnutrition in Yarmouk , amid reports of women dying during childbirth because of shortages of medical care , amid reports of children eating animal feed to survive , " said Chris Gunness , a spokesman for the agency . Their attempts have been unsuccessful . On Monday , aid trucks had to retreat after the Syrian government told the convoy to enter from the camp 's southern entrance , where heavy gunfire prevented it from proceeding . In a video posted on YouTube , a young man who appears to be a teenager cries hysterically : "  A kilogram  of rice costs 10,000 Syrian pounds  $ 70  ! We do n't have enough ! We have nothing to do with either side  of the fighting  ! We want to eat and drink ! We want to be safe ! Have mercy on us ! " According to estimates from the UNRWA , there were 160,000 Palestinian refugees in the Yarmouk camp before the fighting began , and 18,000 remain . Opinion : U.S. , forget about ousting al-Assad It 's difficult to leave For residents who can afford to leave , their Palestinian refugee status makes travel very difficult . "  Our passports are Syrian-Palestinian passports . We can leave Syria , but we ca n't enter Palestine . Even if we could  leave the camp  , we can not go to Turkey without a visa , and Jordan will never let us in . We can not go to Iraq . To go to Europe , we need visas . We have no embassies in Syria , but Lebanon will not let us in unless we have already a visa  to somewhere else  , since we are only allowed a 48-hour transit visa in Lebanon , " Abu Mohammed said . Yarmouk has seen widespread cases of "  malnutrition and the absence of medical care , including for those who have severe conflict-related injuries , and including for women in childbirth , with fatal consequences for some women . Residents including infants and children are subsisting for long periods on diets of stale vegetables , herbs , powdered tomato paste , animal feed and cooking spices dissolved in water , " Gunness said . "  The hijacking of Yarmouk camp in Damascus by armed groups that have practiced and still practice methodical terrorism constitutes a war crime against humanity , " Palestinian Labor Minister Ahmad Majdalani said on a visit to Damascus , according to the Syrian state-run SANA news agency . "  There has been an appalling absence of electricity and heating for horrendously long periods , now close to one year , with all  that  this implies for poor health . Residents are having to rely on going out on terraces and burning furniture and branches to warm themselves in the open because wood fires can not be resorted to indoors , " Gunness said . "  The scale of the crisis in Syria , with millions of civilians affected , is staggering and the humanitarian response insufficient , " Peter Maurer , president of the International Committee of the Red Cross , said Monday , at the end of a three-day visit to the country . "  We are under the control of the FSA , and they need to fight for us , to break this siege , " said Abu Mohammed , the camp resident and activist . "  If they are n't fighting for us , they should leave . " The camp "  remains a place where extreme human suffering in primitively harsh conditions is the norm for Palestinian and Syrian civilians living there . I emphasize that the imperative remains that Syrian authorities and other parties must allow and facilitate safe and open humanitarian access into Yarmouk to enable us to assist civilians trapped there , " Gunness said .	The Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp is just 6 miles from central Damascus At least 44 people have died from a lack of food and medical supplies there , activists say Civil war fighting has cut off aid to the camp since November Palestinian refugee status makes travel very difficult for camp residents
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Thousands of people are expected to march Tuesday in South Africa to protest a portrait of President Jacob Zuma that shows his genitals . Zuma 's supporters in the ruling African National Congress say the portrait is insulting and call it an attack on both the president and his party . About 15,000 people are expected to participate in the march to Johannesburg 's Goodman Gallery , where the work was on display , according to the South African Broadcasting Corporation . The painting by artist Brett Murray , called "  The Spear , " is reminiscent of Soviet-era propaganda posters . Red on one half and black on the other , the painting shows Zuma in a proud stance with his genitals prominently exposed . Attorney weeps as he argues for censoring painting The painting was defaced last week after a storm of protests and condemnation , the SABC reported . "  We believe all these actions by the gallery are not only a violation of the right to dignity of ... President Jacob Zuma but are a clear and calculated attack on the ANC , " the party said on its website . "  We therefore again call on all South Africans , members and  supporters  of the ANC and our alliance partners to come and register their outrage at this insult and attack on our president and the ANC , " it said . The Sunday newspaper City Press removed the image of the portrait from its website after the ANC threatened a boycott , but it complained Monday the ANC still wants the paper to apologize for running it in the first place . Democratic Alliance , the ANC 's official opposition , said The Spear "  was brilliant as a work of political satire , which is also why it became an instant icon . " Calls for the painting 's censorship , the party said , indicate a dangerous move away from the right to free speech . If he felt insulted , Zuma should have sued the artist rather than calling for the painting 's removal , the Democratic Alliance said .	The portrait shows President Jacob Zuma with his genitals exposed The ruling party says the painting is insulting Reports say 15,000 people are expected to march in protest
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- After weeks of enduring cajoling and threats that culminated in a hunger strike by President Evo Morales , Bolivia 's congress on Tuesday approved a law allowing him to run for re-election in December . Evo Morales on hunger strike at the presidential palace in Bolivia 's capital , La Paz . Bolivia 's first indigenous president credited his five-day hunger strike for the decision , which came after an all-night debate . "  That effort has not been in vain , " the leftist leader said as he approved the law , which calls for general elections to be held on December . 6 . The congress also approved a new census , seven parliamentary seats to be reserved for representatives of indigenous villages , and a referendum on autonomy for five resource-rich eastern regions and the eastern province of Gran Chaco . It also set April 4 , 2010 , for regional and municipal elections . For the opposition , the requirement of a new electoral census and tighter rules regarding who gets to vote was an important victory . "  It will give to all of us the assurance that our vote counts , that our vote will not be manipulated and that , therefore , we will define our future and the future of Bolivia , " said Oscar Ortiz , a senator with the opposition Democratic Power party . But Jose Antonio Quiroga , a political analyst , predicted that the national electoral court will face big difficulties in deciding how the new census will affect who gets to vote -- both inside and outside the country . "  That 's an enormous job that must be decided not only by the electoral court , but the Office of Civil Registry , the National Police or perhaps the office of personal identification , which is where I believe the biggest problems will emerge , " he said . The approval of the electoral law marked the end not only to days of political tension but to the hunger strike by Morales , who reportedly carried out an 18-day hunger strike in 2002 -- when he was expelled from Congress .	December 6 set as date for country 's general elections President Evo Morales is expected to win another five-year term Morales began a hunger strike to force the congress to approve the election law The Congress also approves a new electoral census
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans have a Latino problem . Only about 6 % of Latino voters agree that the GOP is the party most concerned for their interests . Nearly half choose the Democrats as the party most concerned for them . Some Republicans are advancing a Latino solution : Nominate a Latino for vice president in 2012 . The name most often mentioned is that of Marco Rubio , the junior senator from Florida . There 's a lot to admire about Rubio . His personal rise from hardscrabble immigrant roots confirms Americans ' highest hopes for the country . But Republicans make a big mistake if they imagine that the Rubio choice will gain them many Latino votes . Rubio is the wrong answer to the wrong question . Here 's the right question : Why do Latinos tilt so heavily Democratic ? Poor people in general tilt Democratic -- and Latinos are more likely than other Americans to be poor . Under the Census Bureau 's newest and most sophisticated measure of poverty , some 28 % of Latinos count as poor , a higher proportion than among African-Americans , 25 % of whom are poor . More than one-third of Latino voters fear their home could go into foreclosure . Only 23 % of Latinos describe their personal finances as "  excellent " or "  good , " compared to 37 % of the total U.S. population . Of Latinos who are legal residents of the United States , 28 % lack health insurance . In the total U.S. population , only 17 % lack health insurance . Is it realistic to imagine that a Spanish-speaker on the national ticket will overcome these hard economic facts ? As glibly as pundits talk about "  Hispanic voters , " it 's important to remember that a majority of American Hispanics identify themselves -- not as "  Hispanics " -- but as Mexican-Americans , Cuban-Americans , and so on . Almost two-thirds of U.S. Hispanics are Mexican-Americans . As Rubin Navarette recently pointed out on CNN Opinion , the values and interests of Mexican-Americans do not align naturally with those of Cuban-Americans like Marco Rubio . "  Thanks to the Cuban Adjustment Act , which was enacted in 1966 -- or four years after Rubio 's grandfather came to the United States -- Cuban refugees who flee the Island and reach the U.S. shoreline have a clear path to legal residency and eventual citizenship . Mexican immigrants are n't so fortunate . So when Cuban-Americans do what Rubio has done since arriving in the Senate 16 months ago and take a hard line against illegal immigration , Mexicans and Mexican-Americans have been known to cringe . After all , that 's easy for them to say . " Under these circumstances , Republicans should be cautious about assuming that they can sway Latino votes with the symbolic politics of a Rubio nomination . What would work better are policy changes and message changes to win back the 9 points worth of Latino votes that Republicans lost between the elections of 2004 and 2008 . Republicans tend to assume that immigration is the issue that most moves Latino voters . If that assumption was ever true , it is not true now . Latinos were hit hard by the economic crisis that began in 2007 . They were promised "  hope " by Barack Obama in 2008 . Those hopes have been largely disappointed . But what are Republicans offering instead ? And to the extent that symbolic politics can sway votes , Republicans should be looking to groups more receptive to the core Republican message than Mexican-Americans are likely to be . The Asian-American population is also growing fast , and many Asian groups -- Vietnamese-Americans and Indian-Americans to name only two -- are gaining their success in small business . They are natural targets for Republican recruitment . In Britain , Australia , and Canada , conservative parties have done well with these immigrant groups . In fact , in the federal election of 2010 , Canada 's Conservatives won a plurality of the vote among voters who spoke Chinese at home . For these voters , inclusion does matter . Symbols of inclusion can work . As symbols go , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is a doozy : a brilliant policy mind with an inspirational life story who has run an effective government in corruption-tainted Louisiana . He can talk data with Romney and credibly sit at the kitchen tables of the struggling middle class . Which leads to this thought : Bobby Jindal for vice president ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Some advocate GOP should run a Latino candidate for VP He says GOP has a problem with Latino voters , but picking Rubio wo n't change that Frum says Republicans are more likely to gain votes with Bobby Jindal as candidate
CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry has decided to send 1,000 National Guard troops to "  secure " the U.S.-Mexico border . At least 52,000 children have arrived unaccompanied to the United States since October , most coming from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador . They have been greeted by protests in border regions across the United States . But military might has n't ever and wo n't solve the problem ; it is much broader than that . What has been glaringly absent from discussion of this humanitarian crisis is any attempt to address its underlying causes , which rest fundamentally in drug policy reform . At its core is the longstanding drug war the United States has waged in Central and South America . In the early years of the drug war , U.S. policy was aimed at curtailing the rise of socialism and communism as well as stopping the production of narcotics in this region . The United States has used military intervention , crop dusting and possible political subversion in order to achieve these policy objectives . More recently , the United States implemented a militarization campaign , providing funding to law enforcement officials in Latin American countries to combat narco-trafficking . This policy destabilized major regions of Central America , increasing murder rates and corrupting any viable political or economic opportunities to bring about change . Corruption in government and law enforcement results in an environment of extreme violence , as gangs of criminals battle for control across borders . Parents in these countries are faced with deciding whether to send their children on the treacherous journey to America , where they have at least a possibility of safety and a better life . We can not just summarily send these children back to the desperate situations they escaped . Two Texas lawmakers are trying to do just that , quickly , by introducing legislation to amend the 2008 Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act . The bill , which has been met with protests , would speed up the deportation process and send these 52,000 children back to the violent environments they escaped . Sen. John Cornyn and Rep. Henry Cuellar even have the audacity to call it the HUMANE Act , for "  Helping Unaccompanied Minors and Alleviating a National Emergency . " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley was right when he recently said : "  It is contrary to everything we stand for as a people to try to summarily send children back to death ... in a place where drug gangs are the greatest threat to stability , rule of law and democratic institutions in this hemisphere . " Although the arrest of a drug lord or corrupt government officials may catch our attention , we fail to sufficiently consider those throughout Latin America who have fallen victim to violence related to the drug war . So many have been murdered , have disappeared or have been forced to leave their homes in search of refuge . In 2010 , nearly 50,000 Latinos were incarcerated for nonviolent drug offenses and , according to a recently released TRAC report , nearly one-quarter of a million people were deported for nonviolent drug offenses in just the past six years . Nearly 10,000 were deported in 2013 for marijuana-related offenses . Prohibition and the failed drug war has led to more than 60,000 deaths in Mexico from 2006 to 2012 . As the region that has most suffered the brunt of the war on drugs , it is no surprise that the loudest political voices calling for reform are coming from Latin America . Leaders within Latin American countries have been on the record in recent years calling for this change . In a groundbreaking report released in 2011 by the Global Commission on Drug Policy , three former Latin American presidents -- Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil , CÃ © sar Gaviria of Colombia , and Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico -- and a host of other notable global figures , such as Kofi Annan , Richard Branson and Paul Volcker , called for "  breaking the taboo " on discussing alternatives to drug prohibition and encouraging "  experimentation by governments with models of legal regulation of drugs . " Now , sitting presidents Juan Manuel Santos in Colombia , Otto Perez Molina in Guatemala , and JosÃ © Mujica in Uruguay have echoed these demands for reform . In May , the Organization of American States released a report , commissioned by the presidents of the hemisphere , which included marijuana legalization as a probable policy for the near future . It is no doubt that as the war on drugs grinds on in Latin America , women and children will continue to seek refuge from the violence . As the United States considers options on how to deal with its new influx of thousands of young refugees , it must strongly reconsider the drug war policies that put us here in the first place .	Texas Gov. Perry wants to send 1,000 National Guard troops to "  secure " the border Writers : To fix the crisis you must address its cause : the war on drugs They say lawlessness threatens children 's lives at home so they flee to safety Writers : U.S. can not send kids back to violence and must reconsider its drug policy
CNN  -- Egyptian security forces arrested a senior leader of the Muslim Brotherhood early Wednesday , the interior ministry said , the latest move in an extended crackdown on the Islamist movement . Essam el-Erian , the vice chairman of the group 's political wing -- the Freedom and Justice Party -- was found in a Cairo suburb and was subsequently arrested and booked , the ministry said in a statement . Before his arrest , he was one of the most senior Muslim Brotherhood leaders still at large . The military and police have detained large numbers of Brotherhood officials and supporters since the ouster of former President Mohamed Morsy in July . A court banned the movement in September . Egypt 's general prosecutor had issued an arrest warrant for el-Erian , the former leader of the majority party in Egypt 's upper house of Parliament , accusing him and other party members of "  inciting violence " and "  aiding criminal acts , " the interior ministry said . The military 's overthrow of the democratically elected Morsy , amid widespread demonstrations calling for his resignation , has plunged Egypt deeper into turmoil . Hundreds of people have been killed in clashes between security forces and supporters of Morsy and the Brotherhood , many of them when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo in August . The U.S. government said earlier this month that it was suspending hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the Egyptian military over the bloody crackdown on the Brotherhood .	Essam el-Erian is detained by security forces in a suburb of Cairo He is the vice chairman of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing Authorities have arrested large numbers of the Islamist movement 's leaders El-Erian was one of the most senior Brotherhood officials still at large
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy became faint while jogging late Sunday morning and was taken to a hospital , the presidential office said . French President Nicolas Sarkozy is often seen jogging with bodyguards . He did not lose consciousness , and initial tests showed nothing abnormal , said a statement released by the president 's office . His heart will be monitored until Monday morning , which is standard procedure in such cases , the statement said . In the meantime , according to the statement , he is resting and keeping in touch with his advisers . Sarkozy , 54 , had been jogging with bodyguards for about 45 minutes near the Elysee Palace , the official residence of the president , when he fell ill , the statement said . After being seen by the Elysee doctor , Sarkozy was taken by helicopter to the military hospital Val-de-Grace . Watch more on Sarkozy 's trip to hospital " No further announcement was expected until morning , the statement said . Sarkozy exercises regularly and is an avid jogger . Earlier this month , he was photographed jogging through Central Park in New York during his trip to the United States . CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarkozy resting , talking with advisers at hospital , president 's office says NEW : Initial tests show nothing abnormal , according to president 's office French President taken to hospital after becoming faint while jogging Sarkozy is an avid jogger
CNN  -- Another State of the Union address , another road trip for President Barack Obama to push now-familiar policies that he said he would pursue on his own if Congress wo n't cooperate . At a Costco in suburban Maryland on Wednesday , Obama amplified his call for an increase in the minimum wage . He then traveled to Pennsylvania for another event staged around the economy . "  Americans overwhelmingly agree , nobody who 's working full time should ever have to raise a family in poverty , " the President said . "  And that is why I firmly believe it is time to give America a raise . " Obama heads to Wisconsin and Tennessee on Thursday , continuing a tradition of selling his policy prescription directly to the public after the ceremonial report to the nation . Vintage Obama In his address on Tuesday , the President talked a good game of acting on his own if necessary , but his words also showed he knows that true progress depends on cooperation with a divided and recalcitrant Congress . "  Sometimes we stumble ; we make mistakes ; we get frustrated or discouraged , " he said near the end , seeming to describe 2013 - when his approval ratings dropped . "  But for more than 200 years , we have put those things aside and placed our collective shoulder to the wheel of progress . " It was vintage Obama , blending hopeful calls for a unified approach with declarations of presidential independence through executive orders . There were the now familiar calls to recalibrate the tax code , spend more to rebuild roads and bridges , bolster education and avoid war if at all possible . He said what ? Obama 's speech explained Oratorical skills He brought many to tears with a tribute to Sgt. First Class Cory Remsburg , a disabled war veteran who sat next to First Lady Michelle Obama and waved with wounded limbs to a prolonged standing ovation . Even Republicans relentlessly critical of the President conceded his oratorical skill . "  A speech by Barack Obama is a lot like sex , " said GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . "  The worst there ever was is still excellent . " According to a snap CNN/ORC International poll , 44 % of respondents had a "  very positive " response to Obama 's speech , while 32 % described a "  somewhat positive " response and 22 % did n't like it at all . Last year , 53 % of respondents in a similar poll rated their response to the 2013 address as very positive . An optimistic goal The underlying theme of Obama 's fifth State of the Union address was his call for the government to work on behalf of all Americans in 2014 , and his pledge to do so even if Congress refused to join him in an election year . "  Let 's make this a year of action , " Obama said . "  That 's what most Americans want -- for all of us in this chamber to focus on their lives , their hopes , their aspirations . " It 's an optimistic goal for a President with a 43 % approval rating entering his sixth year in office and facing a determined opposition in the Republican-led House of Representatives with congressional elections looming in November . Search the transcript of Obama 's speech "  What I offer tonight is a set of concrete , practical proposals to speed up growth , strengthen the middle class , and build new ladders of opportunity into the middle class , " Obama said . "  Some require congressional action , and I 'm eager to work with all of you . But America does not stand still , and neither will I. " Going it alone On issue after issue , he invited Congress to work with him but said he also would go it alone . Obama called for more government support to rebuild the nation 's infrastructure , but also said that "  I will act on my own to slash bureaucracy and streamline the permitting process for key projects , so we can get more construction workers on the job as fast as possible . " The President also promised an executive order to raise the minimum wage for some government contract workers . While the action is relatively narrow and affects less than half a million people , Obama urged Congress to follow suit for all low-wage workers in America . Opinion : Can Obama deliver action on inequality ? GOP responds Earlier Tuesday , House Speaker John Boehner chafed at such unilateral action , telling reporters that Republicans are "  just not going to sit here and let the President trample all over us . " In the official Republican response , Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington complained that Obama 's policies "  are making people 's lives harder . " "  We hope the President will join us in a year of real action -- by empowering people -- not by making their lives harder with unprecedented spending , higher taxes , and fewer jobs , " she said . Agreeing on immigration One area of possible progress is immigration reform . Obama got a long ovation when he urged Republicans in the House to join Democrats in passing a Senate plan that got bipartisan support . McMorris Rodgers also brought up the issue backed by some Republicans as a way to bolster their weak support among Hispanic Americans , the nation 's largest minority demographic . "  We 're working on a step-by-step solution to immigration reform by first securing our borders and making sure America will always attract the best , brightest , and hardest working from around the world , " she said in describing the more limited GOP approach to the comprehensive Senate measure that includes a path to legal status for immigrants living illegally in the country . CNN Poll : Speech watcher reaction less positive than previous years Disagreeing on Obamacare On another major reform issue , Obama chided Republicans for trying to undermine his signature health care law that passed in 2010 without GOP support . He cited the millions of people helped by the reforms that ended denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions among its benefits . "  The American people are n't interested in refighting old battles , " Obama said . "  Let 's not have another 40-something votes to repeal a law that 's already helping millions of Americans . ... The first 40 were plenty . ... We all owe it to the American people to say what we 're for , not just what we 're against . " In her response , though , McMorris Rodgers continued the GOP attack line on the health care reforms as big government run amok and causing harm to people by raising costs and limiting their personal choices of doctors and medical treatment . This year 's State of the Union is a defining test for Obama The CNN/ORC poll indicated 59 % of respondents thought Obama 's policies as presented in the speech would help the economy , a lower figure than in recent years . Laying out goals Obama said he will order the U.S. Treasury to create a new federal retirement savings account called MyRA , a savings bond that would guarantee "  a decent return with no risk of losing what you put in . " It will be available to those whose jobs do n't offer traditional retirement savings programs , he said . Additionally , Obama called for : -- Eliminating $ 4 billion in tax subsidies for the fossil fuel industries "  that do n't need it " and instead "  invest more in fuels of the future . " -- Equal pay for women , noting they make 77 cents for each dollar a man earns , which he called "  wrong " and "  an embarrassment " to prompt loud and long applause . -- Setting new fuel standards for American trucks to help reduce U.S. oil imports "  and what we pay at the pump . " -- Reworking the corporate tax code . He urged Congress to work with him to close "  wasteful , complicated loopholes that punish businesses investing here " and instead "  lower tax rates for businesses that create jobs right here at home . " -- Congress to lift restrictions on transferring detainees from Guantanamo Bay so the prison can be closed in 2014 . Obama also reiterated that he will veto any new sanctions bill from Congress that would derail talks on preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon , adding that "  for the sake of our national security , we must give diplomacy a chance to succeed . " Brazile : Obama 's message : A dysfunctional Congress , but we 'll get it done anyway Increasing minimum wage Even as he cited a growing economy and increasing corporate profits , Obama said average wages have been flat . Along with his order raising the minimum wage for workers on federal contracts , Obama asked Congress to get on board with a Democratic proposal to raise the federal minimum to $ 10.10 per hour . Republicans largely oppose any federal increase , saying it will place a burden on employers . "  This is definitely the President 's agenda and has been for some time now , " said CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley , who added it was hard to see how Republicans would respond any differently than before and therefore , it was hard to see big things happening in 2014 . John Edwards says Dems should do more on poverty CNN 's : Adam Aigner-Treworgy , Keating Holland , Leigh Ann Caldwell , Chelsea J. Carter , Becky Brittain , Brianna Keilar , Jim Acosta , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Jake Tapper and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama in Maryland and Pennsylvania on Wednesday NEW : Obama visits retailer , pushes increase in minimum wage Republicans complain the President pushes same , tired policies
CNN  -- The captain of a Greenpeace icebreaker carrying 30 activists protesting Arctic drilling has declined a demand made at gunpoint by Russian authorities to sail it toward the Russian port city of Murmansk , a Greenpeace spokeswoman said Friday . "  Captain Pete has refused to sail the ship , so they 're towing it , " Molly Dorozenski told CNN in a reference to Pete Willcox , captain of the Arctic Sunrise . Late Thursday , about 15 members of the Russian coast guard seized the ship and those aboard by sliding down a rope hanging from a hovering helicopter . The guards , armed with handguns and rifles , took the activists to the ship 's canteen and broke down the door to the communications room , smashing the equipment , said Ben Stewart , head of media for the group . The captives were told they were going to be taken to Murmansk , in northwest Russia , he said . The group documented the incident in tweets : "  Russian authorities onboard with guns , " said one . "  They are breaking into the comms room now . " Another one said this : "  Latest from the deck : Crew are sitting on their knees on the helipad with guns pointed at them . " And yet another : "  This is pretty terrifying . Loud banging . Screaming in Russian . They 're still trying to kick in the door . " More than 12 hours later , Greenpeace International reported that its communication with those aboard the ship had been cut off . But it also reported that some activists were able to conduct interviews by satellite phone from the ship 's mess , where they were being held . "  Greenpeace International has not received any formal confirmation of possible charges , and the activists have been denied access to legal or consular assistance , " it said in a statement . "  Over 20 Greenpeace offices are organizing protests at Russian embassies around the world today . " "  They have done nothing to warrant this level of aggression and have been entirely peaceful throughout , " said Ben Ayliffe , the head of Greenpeace International 's Arctic oil campaign . "  The real threat to the Russian Arctic comes not from the crew of the Arctic Sunrise but from Gazprom , one of the most reckless oil companies in the world today , " he said . Willcox , who grew up in South Norwalk , Connecticut , is the son of a yachtsman and has been a skipper for Greenpeace since 1981 , according to a posting on the Greenpeace website . He was at the helm of the group 's Rainbow Warrior in 1985 , when it was bombed , Dorozenski said . "  So , he 's been around the block a few times . " A media officer with the border patrol in Murmansk said that none of the activists was under arrest and that the ship was being escorted to Murmansk , where crew members will be questioned about the possibility that they broke the law related to exclusive economic zones . The Dutch have demanded that those aboard , including two Dutch nationals , be released immediately , said Friso Wijnen , a spokesman for consular affairs with the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Dutch officials were in contact with Russian Embassy staff in Holland , and their own embassy staffers in Moscow were in contact with Russian officials , he said . The other detainees are from Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , Denmark , the United States , Britain , New Zealand , Ukraine , Russia , France , Italy , Turkey , Finland , Switzerland , Poland and Sweden , the group said . The ship was sailing under the Dutch flag , RIA Novosti said . The state-run Russian news agency said that Moscow had announced it gave a note to the Dutch ambassador expressing concern about a protest Wednesday in which the activists scaled an oil rig operated by a Gazprom subsidiary to call attention to its drilling plans . "  Gazprom is using out of date kit to drill in one of the most extreme environments on the planet , " the group said in a tweet on September 17 . "  We ca n't let that happen . " Russian border guards fired warning shots at the environmentalists ' ship and detained two activists -- Finnish and Swiss nationals -- but returned them during Thursday 's standoff , RIA Novosti said . No official comment from the guards was available , it added . "  The violators ' actions were of an aggressive and provocative nature and had the appearance of extremist activity capable of causing human deaths and other grave consequences , " Russia 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on its website , according to RIA Novosti . CNN 's Ross Levitt , Saskya Vandoorne and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Captain Pete wo n't sail , so Russians tow the Arctic Sunrise Thursday 's incident occurred in international waters , a Greenpeace spokesman says "  They 're still trying to kick in the door , " says a Greenpeace tweet that documented the incident The group is protesting oil drilling in the Arctic
CNN  -- Syrian rebels want a new government . The current Syrian government says first you have to stop the terrorists , meaning the rebels . The international community wants it all to happen simultaneously . As a result , a second round of peace talks intended to plot a path for ending almost three years of civil war in Syria ground perilously close to a halt Friday . "  I express my deepest apologies that this meeting did not result in any progress , " Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal Makdad told reporters after meeting with the opposition and U.N. mediator Lakhdar Brahimi . "  Probably we are going to pause for a while to see if the regime will engage again in a political solution , not any delay tactics , " said Louay Safi of the opposition Syrian National Coalition . Violence resumes Even as peace proceedings were held , the United Nations expressed alarm about a military buildup in the town of Yabroud near the Lebanese border may lead to a mass exodus and more bloodshed . Yabroud is an opposition-held area in the Qalamoun mountains , said Rupert Colville , spokesman for the U.N. 's Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . "  According to reports we 've received from within Syria , there have been numerous aerial attacks and shelling along with a military buildup around the town , suggesting that a major assault by land may be imminent , " Colville said . Refugees are already arriving in Lebanon , said spokeswoman Melissa Fleming of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . "  Right now , we 've had between 500 and 600 families who have arrived in the town of Arsal in Lebanon , citing their fear for this attack as being the reason they fled over the border , " Fleming said . Fleming expressed fears of a big refugee flight similar to the one in Qusayr last year , when Syrians abandoned that town for Arsal as government forces successfully took Qusayr from rebels after seven weeks of fighting . Elsewhere in Syria , a car bomb exploded Friday near the Al Braa Bin Malik Mosque in the village of Yadouda in rural Daraa , said the Syrian Coalition . The suicide bombing killed 32 people , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Mosques are flooded with worshippers during the Friday prayers , and the coalition blamed the attack on the Syrian regime , which did n't immediately have a comment . Snail-paced talks The snail-paced peace talks , which started last month with Brahimi serving as an intermediary between the two delegations sitting in the same room , have failed to produce an agreement on a first step for resolving the conflict that has killed more than 100,000 people and caused millions to flee their homes . This week , Safi 's side presented its proposal for a transitional government that would oversee a halt in the fighting , releasing prisoners of conscience , maintaining law and order , bringing justice to those responsible for violence and protecting human rights . Its plan excludes President Bashar al-Assad from continued leadership , an outcome unacceptable to the longtime Syrian leader . Makdad said the opposition has "  an unrealistic agenda , " and he insisted the first step must be "  stopping the violence and ending terrorism . " The government refers to the rebels as foreign-backed terrorists , so Makdad 's stance in essence calls for the opposition to unilaterally lay down its arms . "  We confirm we are willing to discuss the issue of the transitional government after we reach an agreement regarding ending terrorism , " he said . To Safi , the government position was intended to delay progress in the talks while its forces continue attacks on its own people . He called on the international community , including key government ally Russia , to pressure al-Assad to adhere to the Geneva communique that led to the talks . It calls for ending the conflict and establishing a transitional government . Russia 's role Makdad , however , made a point of declaring that the government 's relationship with "  our friends in Russia " was "  very deep , " and that the two allies would continue to coordinate on how to proceed . The United States and some of its Western allies accuse Russia of protecting the Assad regime to keep it in power . U.S. officials are awaiting for Moscow to demonstrate its intentions about humanitarian relief efforts in Syria , said Marie Harf , a State Department spokeswoman . When asked whether the Russians were playing for time as a diplomatic cover on behalf of Syria , Harf stated : "  I do n't want to guess what the motivations of the Russians are . We have said very clearly that if the Russians come out and talk about the importance of humanitarian access , they need to back up those words with actions . " So far , the only hint of progress in the talks has been a localized cease-fire to allow some evacuations and aid relief for the besieged city of Homs . U.N. Emergency Relief Coordinator Valerie Amos said Friday that 1,400 people were evacuated from the Old City of Homs and 2,500 still there got relief supplies , but she lamented the bleak humanitarian situation throughout Syria . "  Civilians are under fire , and the social fabric of Syria has been torn to shreds , " Amos said , adding that "  all parties are failing in their responsibility to protect civilians . " In her statement on a briefing she gave the U.N. Security Council , Amos said : "  No amount of words can adequately describe the horrific reality facing civilians . " Syrians forced to eat grass OPCW : Only 11 % of chemical weapons removed from Syria 90 killed in punishing air raids in Syria 's Aleppo	During peace talks , suicide car bomber in Syria kills 32 near mosque , group says U.N. officials fear bloodshed and mass exodus at one military buildup NEW : Russians "  need to back up ... words with actions , " U.S. official says Two warring sides blames each other for the lack of progress in peace talks
London , England  CNN  -- Liverpool Football Club , one of England 's most prestigious teams , announced Wednesday that its board has agreed to sell the team to New England Sports Ventures , the company that owns baseball 's Boston Red Sox . The sale is conditional on approval from the Premier League , to which Liverpool belongs ; resolution of a dispute about board membership ; and other matters , Liverpool said . The offer from NESV was one of two the club said Tuesday it had received to repay its long-term debt . It had called a board meeting Tuesday to review the bids and approve a sale . The amount of the sale was n't immediately disclosed , but the size of the debt is reported to be between 250 million and 280 million pounds  $ 397 million and $ 445 million  . What does the sale mean for Liverpool ? Liverpool , which has a huge fan base around the world , is currently owned by two Americans , Tom Hicks and George Gillett . They took out loans in the club 's name to buy it in February 2007 . But as Liverpool 's position in the English Premier League has slipped , the owners have become targets for angry fans . Liverpool failed to qualify for this season 's lucrative European Champions ' League and the team is currently 18th out of 20 in the English league after seven matches -- the worst start to a season for decades . Liverpool Chairman Martin Broughton said the board had met with NESV representatives over the past several weeks in Boston , London and Liverpool . He praised the company 's vision for the English team . What do you think of the sale ? Sound off with CNN iReport "  NESV 's philosophy is all about winning and they have fully demonstrated that at Red Sox , " Broughton said . He revealed problems the board has had with Hicks and Gillett , saying the pair tried "  everything " to prevent the sale . Blog : Jumping from frying pan to fire ? "  By removing the burden of acquisition debt , this offer allows us to focus on investment in the team . I am only disappointed that the owners have tried everything to prevent the deal from happening and that we need to go through legal proceedings in order to complete the sale , " Broughton said . History of Liverpool in images Before Tuesday 's meeting , the two owners sought to remove two board members and replace them with Mack Hicks -- reported by the Liverpool Echo to be Tom Hicks ' son -- and Lori Kay McCutcheon , whom the newspaper said is vice president and financial controller of Hicks Holdings . The second bidder was from Asia but is not linked to Kenny Huang , who led a Chinese consortium interested in investing in Liverpool this summer , the Echo reported . CNN 's Nicky Robertson in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	The sale is conditional on approval by the Premier League A dispute about board membership must also be resolved first The amount of the sale was n't immediately disclosed
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- Father Lorenzo Pasquotti keeps hundreds of cards and letters from the passengers and crew members who survived the wreck of the Costa Concordia cruise liner on a shelf in the rectory of the brick-faced Church of the Madonna of Giglio , just up the narrow street from the island 's only port . Many of the letters , handwritten in English , German , French and Italian , are addressed simply to "  Giglio , Italy 58012 " to no one in particular , almost as if the island itself is a person . The writers express gratitude for assistance they received or apologize for the wreck 's impact on Giglio . When the postal carrier brings the mail over on the morning ferry from the Italian mainland , he either leaves the new letters with Mayor Sergio Ortelli or at the church with Father Pasquotti . After all , Giglio has always been the type of place where the mailman knows exactly who is around and who is not . INTERACTIVE : How the 952-foot wreck will be raised At least that 's the way it used to be before the Costa Concordia ran aground off Giglio on January 13 , 2012 , killing 32 passengers and injuring dozens more . But in the last year since the salvage operation began at full tilt , the island has shifted from being a secluded utopia that attracted mainly birdwatchers hoping to spot Corsican seagulls , kestrals and goldcrests , or hikers who wanted to climb its solitary slopes , to what it is now : the epicenter of the largest-ever maritime salvage operation in the world . The island has a winter population of around 1,000 people spread between the port , the village of Castello on top of the island 's hill , and the seaside village of Campese on the other side . The population swells considerably during the summer months when hotels and seaside resorts are brimming with sun seekers . But now Giglio 's permanent population has been bolstered by a constant crew of at least 500 Titan Salvage and Micoperi workers from 21 nations who have , in many ways , invaded paradise . Many live offshore in a floating dormitory called the Discovery , but they all make their way to the island on a regular basis . A scant few of the new Giglese , as the island 's inhabitants are called , are pale engineers , who , despite being on a sunny island for more than a year , still have n't managed a tan . They spend their time in simulated control rooms behind computer screens , working out every potential obstacle in tipping the massive cruise liner , which ran aground off the island in January 2012 , to an upright position . One such worker is Jan Walhout , a Dutch engineer who will be one of the eight people in the control room when the Concordia is rotated upright in a delicate procedure called "  parbuckling " that is scheduled to take place September 16 . He lives in an apartment in the port and not on the Discovery , but he still has seen very little of the island . That 's not why he 's here . "  I am here for a job , " Walhout told CNN inside a simulated control room attached to the Bahama 's Hotel next to Pasquotti 's church . "  I know a lot of people on the team who socialize in town , but I am here to concentrate on this job . " The rest of the temporary crew are mostly contracted shift workers who learned their perilous trade in places like west Texas and the British midlands . Salvage jobs are a natural leap for skilled deep-sea drillers and rig constructors looking for lucrative seasonal work , and many of them have taken up with the local girls , completely transforming the social scene at the port . On any given night of the week , the portside bars are filled with men in gray Titan Salvage jumpsuits . An occasional salvage woman joins the mix , but the vast majority are men who come in to port to unwind . Some wear holsters with scissors hanging on them -- a cowboy-esque equivalent of a pistol for deep sea oilrig divers . Others sling their red inflatable Titan-Micoperi life vests over their shoulders or dangle them on the barstools . People are still talking about the night last June when a life vest inflated spontaneously inside the Bar Monti , one of the most popular hangouts for the salvage crew . Matteo Di Mariuz , who runs the popular hangout , does n't mind the new clientele . Sure he has had to introduce country music and imported beer for the new crowds , but he takes it all in stride . "  They are hard workers who work long hours to move that monster from our waters , " he told CNN . "  They deserve a little down time . " Mariuz , who took over the bar from his parents two years ago , now stays open during the winter weeknights , something his parents could rarely afford to do because Giglio just did n't produce enough customers . In the morning he , like most of the coffee bars along the port , will serve up American breakfast on request . They 've also learned what it takes to make a good cup of tea . All along the port , cafes and bakeries have adapted to the newcomers , some even mastering the art of making BLT 's and sarnies for the workers ' packed lunches . And even after the Concordia is rotated , the crews will have a lot of work to do to fix the starboard side and refloat the ship sometime next summer , meaning Giglio wo n't be going to normal any time soon . Most of the restaurateurs and business owners across the island hold nothing against the salvage crews who they feel are the only hope for getting rid of the rotting vessel . Despite an obvious decline in tourism , there is a definite increase in steady customers , especially during the winter months when , prior to the shipwreck , Giglio was a ghost island . Franca Melis , who owns a small enoteca called La Galera in Castello on the top of the island 's hill and a dive shop down in the port , says it is hypocritical for islanders to complain that the Concordia has ruined their livelihood -- especially in the port . The economic slump surely has as much to do with a drop in tourists , and anyway , even in good years people were never able to rent their properties year round like they do now to the salvage workers . She even sees a silver lining . She is lobbying other islanders to push to keep the massive platforms Titan-Micoperi installed to stabilize the ship even after the Concordia is towed away . "  It would give us one of the best dive schools in the world , " she told CNN . "  We ca n't rewind the clock and pretend none of this happened , instead we have to look at ways to make it work for the island 's vitality . " Melis has been a strong voice both to the media and at the islanders ' monthly meetings with the salvage managers , environmental experts and Franco Gabrielli , the government 's commissioner for the Costa Concordia disaster . She agrees that now , when the removal of the ship is a top priority , may not be the best time to bring up life post-Concordia , but she wants people to start thinking about the future again . Plus , she points out that it could take up to two more years for workers to remove all the salvage implements they 've put in place , all the while the port views will be marred with cranes and rigs . "  Leave them , " she says . "  They offer far more good than harm . " The tragedy has not exactly united the islanders . In some ways , it has created two camps -- those that see an economic advantage to the twist of fate and those who count the days until every trace of the ship is gone . It is not difficult to envision tense days ahead . Melis 's main opposition to keeping the platforms is the island 's headstrong mayor Sergio Ortelli , who wants Costa Crociere to keep its promise to return his island to exactly the way it was before anyone had ever heard of the Costa Concordia -- and that means both above and below the waterline . Ortelli has a perfect view of the operation from his office window in the port and high-resolution diagrams of every stage of the parbuckling project on his computer , which he is happy to show on an overhead monitor to anyone who asks . He keeps track of the salvage schedule , logging days they 've lost to bad weather to make his own estimate about when the ship will finally be gone from his view . "  We need our island back exactly way it was before that terrible day , " he says . He still recalls how many passengers slept in his office that fateful night , and he says he feels a personal responsibility to the islanders to hold Costa to its promise . "  Everything must go , " he says . "  Not just the ship . " No matter what happens after the physical remains of the liner are gone , the islanders will never forget how their lives changed the night of Friday , the 13th of January , 2012 , when 4,200 people spilled into their quiet port . Father Pasquotti estimates that more than a thousand of the Concordia 's passengers have come back to Giglio since the accident . Many came to bring back the blankets and dry clothing that the islanders gave them the night of the disaster . Merchants along the port 's main street usually know what belongs to whom by asking around . Giglio still has the feel of a small town . In some ways everything has changed on Giglio , but a few things still remain exactly the same . Despite having one of the most technologically advanced salvage operations every attempted happening in the harbor , it is still impossible to buy an iPhone charger or camera battery anywhere on the island , or read the day 's newspapers until the 9:00 a.m. ferry docks -- if someone remembers to send them over from the mainland . No one is ever in a particular hurry and the weather and food are just as wonderful as they were before the Concordia came to shore .	Costa Concordia ran aground off Giglio in January 2012 , killing 32 people The 500 crew members working in Giglio have transformed the tiny island 's social scene Commerce at the port has also changed to accommodate workers from 21 countries
CNN  -- A grainy sonar image taken hundreds of feet below the ocean 's surface may help unravel a mystery that has baffled historians for decades . What happened to aviator Amelia Earhart , and where 's her plane ? No one has been able to answer that question since 1937 , when Earhart , navigator Fred Noonan and their Lockheed Electra plane disappeared during a doomed attempt at an around-the-world flight . But information revealed by a team of researchers this week indicates they may have found a new clue . The sonar image was recorded by search teams scanning the ocean floor nearly a year ago near Nikumaroro Island , in the South Pacific . "  It 's the right size , it 's the right shape , and it 's in the right place , " The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery said on its website . But it was n't until March that one analyst made the connection in an online forum for the group . The organization says experts have offered different interpretations . Some think it could be a man-made object , and others say it could be a geologic feature . "  So did  last summer 's  expedition actually succeed in locating the wreckage of the world 's most famous missing airplane ? Or is this sonar target just a coral rock or ridge ? " the organization said on its website . "  Of course we 're not going to know until we can get back out there , but until then the anomaly is worth close study . " CNN 's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report .	A sonar image recorded last summer may show Amelia Earhart 's plane "  It 's the right size , it 's the right shape , and it 's in the right place , " researchers say The group says more investigation is needed
CNN  -- Stop us if you 've heard this before : Tech geeks are the new rock stars . Silicon Valley is a "  hotbed of innovation . " And some people who work in tech are n't nerdy . These nuggets of insight , and much more , are on display in a new preview video for an upcoming reality series , "  Start-Ups : Silicon Valley , " which premieres November 5 on Bravo . The show promises to follow six budding tech entrepreneurs as they try to market their ideas , launch companies and get really , really rich . But Bravo is not interested in watching engineers code . Instead , the clip shows its young , attractive stars lounging poolside , rock climbing , doing shots , going to toga parties and boasting about their " ` work hard , play hard ' mentality . " There 's no mention of what products , if any , they 've created . But the promo does pack an impressive number of clichés and tangled metaphors into its 2 minutes , 21 seconds . Among the better ones : • "  This is the moment we have to up our game even more than ever . " • "  The future of the world is in our hands , and we 're not sitting back and letting it pass us by . " • "  Silicon Valley is just balls to the wall . It 's not something you do if you do n't want to roll the dice . " Then there 's the young woman who motions to her face and says , "  People have been intimidated , because this package generally does n't come with a brain . " Shockingly , the Internet has not been kind . "  If you watch the latest promo for Bravo 's Silicon Valley reality show and think , hey these entrepreneurs failed actors are just stringing together tech buzzwords , it 's because that 's exactly what they 're doing , " writes Gizmodo . "  This show looks awful , but we 'd be lying if we said we were n't going to watch Start-Ups ... with glee/horror . " The video trailer has a rating of two out of five stars -- on Bravo 's own website . A commenter on the show 's Facebook page says , "  You focused on an exception not the rule and in the process you disrespect most of Silicon Valley . " And on Twitter , TechCrunch co-editor Alexa Tsotsis quipped , "  Here Comes Silicon Valley Boo Boo . " The TV show has a respectable pedigree : It 's co-produced by Randi Zuckerberg , former marketing director of Facebook and sister of its founder , Mark Zuckerberg . But early observers still give the promo low marks for authenticity . "  Dang ! Real SV women sure do n't look like that in the show . Well for that matter the men either , " wrote one commenter on Gizmodo . "  Sadly , Asian people apparently do n't exist in the Hollywood version of Silicon Valley . No Indians either . Weird alternate universe indeed . " Our clever cousins at CNNMoney recommend that viewers turn the show into a drinking game in which they do a shot every time a "  business development session " is held poolside and "  swill the whole bottle when someone actually writes a line of code . "	Bravo posted promo clip for upcoming show about budding tech entrepreneurs The preview shows its stars lounging poolside , doing shots and going to toga parties "  Start-Ups : Silicon Valley " premieres November 5
It 's official : According to the Honduran elections authority , Juan Orlando Hernandez won the Central American country 's presidential vote . With 80 % of votes counted , officials said , Hernandez had secured more than 35 % of the vote , placing him 6 percentage points ahead of his closest competitor . "  These figures that we are releasing today clearly indicate that the winner of the general elections is Juan Orlando Hernandez , candidate from the  ruling  National Party of Honduras , " said David Matamoros Batson , president of the Supreme Electoral Tribunal . But Wednesday 's announcement from the tribunal and reports from elections observers calling the elections transparent did n't stop calls for protests from critics who said electoral fraud had tainted the results from Sunday 's vote . Xiomara Castro , a leftist candidate who officials said came in second place with more than 29 % of votes , said in a Twitter post that she would speak about the election results on Friday . Castro , the wife of former President Manuel Zelaya , has also declared victory , and her supporters have said they plan to hold a protest on Saturday . "  We are going to defend the popular will expressed at the polls , " Castro wrote . In an interview with CNN en Español , Hernandez said he has publicly invited Castro and the other candidates to talk about moving forward in a way that avoids conflict . "  There has to be order in the country , " Hernandez said . "  There has to be respect and tolerance in the country , those are the rules . "	Honduran officials declare Juan Orlando Hernandez the winner of the presidential election The president-elect says he has reached out to start dialogue with other candidates Xiomara Castro has also declared victory and plans to speak about the results Friday Her supporters have called for protests this weekend
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Some 200 houses were damaged in a southwestern province of Pakistan after an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.2 struck Wednesday , officials said . The mud-walled houses were damaged in districts close to the epicenter , said Ahmed Kamal , spokesman for the country 's National Disaster Management Authority . Hundreds of tents , blankets and ready-to-eat meals were sent to the affected area , he said . The earthquake occurred at 1:23 a.m. Wednesday  3:23 p.m. Tuesday ET  at a depth of 84 kilometers  52 miles  , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It was centered 45 kilometers  30 miles  west of Dalbandin , and 1,035 kilometers  640 miles  west-southwest of Islamabad , the USGS said on its website . There were no reports of injuries or deaths , Kamal said . The United States , China and Australia had offered aid to Pakistan , but it had not been initially accepted , Kamal said . "  The offer was appreciated but not accepted because its not required yet , " he said . Arif Mahmood , director of the Pakistan Meteorological Department , put the epicenter at 320 kilometers  about 200 miles  southwest of Quetta near Kharan , Balochistan , and said it had been felt in Punjab , Sindh , and Balochistan provinces in Pakistan , as well as parts of Iran and India . Mahmood predicted major aftershocks . "  Earthquakes with such magnitudes in the past have brought on aftershocks , " he told CNN from Islamabad . An official at Quetta 's Civil Hospital said a female cardiac patient suffered a fatal heart attack during the earthquake . He said two residents raced to the hospital but they proved not to have been injured , just scared . Malik Muhammad Iqbal , the police chief of Balochistan province , said he was aware of no injuries . "  Things in the headquarters started shaking and books fell off the desks , " Balochistan Police Inspector Sultan Mehmood told CNN in a telephone interview . "  We left the headquarters running into the streets -- scared for our lives . " In Karachi , Faraz Leghari , director general police , said he had heard no immediate reports of casualties or building damage . USGS initially reported the quake at 7.4 . Quakes of 7.0 to 7.9 are classified as major ; anything over 8.0 is classified as great . In Dubai , about 500 miles southwest of the epicenter , a reporter said he felt a moderate shaking that lasted for about 30 seconds . Usman Zahid , a night manager at Serina Hotel in Quetta , Pakistan , felt the quake . He said it was "  frightening " and estimated that it lasted about 20 seconds . It left "  broken glass in the kitchen " and made a chandelier swing , but caused no major damage , he said . People with Twitter accounts in New Delhi , Jaipur and Dehradun -- all in India -- felt the quake . People with Twitter accounts in Bahrain said they felt the quake . In Dubai , "  I was just getting ready to go to bed , " said Leone Lakhani . She said she texted her friends in Abu Dhabi and Bahrain . "  It 's not uncommon for this region to have earthquakes , " said Kurt Frankel of the Georgia Institute of Technology . It is where two tectonic plates come together , he said . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Reza Sayah and Journalist Nasir Habib in Islamabad contributed to this story .	Mud-walled houses near epicenter were damaged USGS cites a magnitude of 7.2 The quake occurred 640 miles west-southwest of Islamabad It caused glass to break in a hotel in Quetta
London  CNN  -- You could call it the humanoid robot 's more curvacious cousin . Slithering into confined spaces , tackling tasks too difficult or dangerous for humans , the Snake-arm robot can "  reach the unreachable " say its UK inventors , OC Robotics . Managing director Rob Buckingham and technical director Andrew Graham developed their first prototype in 2001 from their base in Bristol , England , and they 've been perfecting the technology ever since . Today , with clients in the nuclear sector and others queuing up for a demonstration , the hard work is beginning to pay off . The technical challenge has been finding a way to channel energy into the snake-arm , Buckingham says . "  Just like the human arm , the big muscles that drive them are actually mounted on the back and tendons link the muscles to the joints , " Buckingham said . "  Basically , we 've taken that principle to an extreme and use wire ropes as tendons and all the motors  actuators  that control the arm are at the base of the robot , " he added . Made of steel , these "  wire ropes " transfer the actuators ' mechanical power into the snake-arm , where a series of articulating links create a sinuous movement . They can be made to various lengths , but the width is crucial to the robot 's functional efficiency . "  Our rule of thumb is 30 to one  a length 30 times the diameter  is good for a robot that can do quite a lot of work , " Buckingham said . The arms themselves are delivery mechanisms , Buckingham says , for a range of tools which can be fitted to the tip . Video cameras , lights , tack welding , cutting , gripping and swabbing gear are just a few of the tools OC Robotics has built , and all can be routed through the snake-arm 's hollow core . Both the arm and the tools are controlled by a human operator who uses nothing more complicated than a computer screen and a control pad borrowed from a video games console . Test your skills on the Snake-Arm Simulator "  You 're not removing the person completely , but they are working much more safely . That 's what we 've seen in the nuclear sector , " Buckingham said . In 2004 , OC carried out a complex maintenance job on a reactor in Sweden and last year , it successfully inspected a reactor in Ontario , Canada . "  It 's getting to the stage where our technology is quite mature , " Buckingham said , "  and we 're looking for partners and customers who will actually grab hold of the opportunity . " His wishes may soon be granted . Earlier this year the company demonstrated a 2.5 meter snake-arm fitted with swabbing , scooping and radiological probe tools to Sellafield , the UK 's primary nuclear decommissioning company . "  I have to admit that when I went down to see it I was a lot more impressed than I expected to be , " said Phil Reeve , head of strategy and technical for Sellafield 's decommissioning directorate . "  We have places which ideally we do n't want to put people into and we do n't want to make big openings either -- we have situations where we want to know what is on the other side of a four-feet concrete wall , " Reeve said . "  If we 've got something that can go in and is sufficiently dextrous to maneuver around obstacles and can get out again then it potentially has some big advantages , " he added . The savings could run into millions of dollars , Reeve believes , but clearly there are more important things at stake . "  If we can reduce the number of times that somebody has to put on a plastic suit in hazardous environments then there 's a huge benefit in that which goes beyond  money  , " Reeve said . Buckingham is hopeful the company can help with the cleanup operation at the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan . An offer has been made he says , but as yet , no reply has been received . In the meantime , other industrial partners are being sought . Aviation giants Airbus and Boeing are looking at how the technology might aid inspection of the confined spaces inside wings and fuselages during the manufacturing process . Demonstrations have also been requested by both U.S. and UK government defense agencies into how the snake-arm could enhance remote vehicle inspection . Doctors and patients may also be beneficiaries in the future too as OC Robotics works on a snake-arm which could one day perform natural orifice surgery . "  Our prototype signals a direction of travel and is a milestone towards exploring a new surgical paradigm , " Buckingham said .	Snake-arm robot aims to "  reach the unreachable " according to UK creators Nuclear industry has used the equipment for maintenance and inspections OC Robotics says robot could help cleanup at Fukushima power plant in Japan Robot could be used for open orifice surgery in the future
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal is closing in on an eighth trophy in nine years at the Barcelona Open after storming past Canada 's Milos Raonic 6-4 6-0 in the semifinal on Saturday . After a four-hour delay for rain , the Spaniard was soon behind as the No. 5 seed won an early break . But Nadal fought back in typically ferocious fashion to take the first set and then overrun Raonic in the second to reach his seventh consecutive final since returning to the ATPTour in February following a knee injury . "  I think it was my best match of the whole week , " Nadal said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . "  He played a fantastic second game on the return . I won the third game , which was very important for the match , because if you are 3-love down against a big server like Milos , you 're in big trouble . " Nadal will face compatriot Nicolas Almagro in the final at the Real Club de Tenis . The No. 4 seed had a similarly straightforward semifinal match against Philipp Kohlschreiber , downing the German 6-2 6-1 . "  I think I played one of my best matches here in Spain . I felt really good all the time during the match . I 'm really happy to be in my first final in Barcelona ... " Almagro said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . "  Every match I play against  Rafa  is fantastic . I 'm ready for everything , so we will see what I can do on court . " It is the 20th time the 27-year-old has reached a World Tour final but he has a 0-8 record against Nadal -- the most recent defeat coming at the semifinal of the Abierto Mexicano Telcel in February . Meanwhile at the WTA event in Stuttgart , defending champion Maria Sharapova booked at place in Sunday 's final after beating Germany 's Angelique Kerber in three sets 6-3 2-6 7-5 . The 26-year-old Russian eventually prevailed in two hours 16 minutes . After being taken the distance by Lucie Safarova and Ana Ivanovic in the previous two rounds , Sharapova dominated the first set of the semifinal breaking Kerber twice . But once again Sharapova was pegged back in the second , as the German rallied to take the set comfortably . The deciding third set was a real battle , as the pair shared five breaks -- the last fell to Sharapova who broke Kerber in the 12th and deciding game . "  All credit to Angelique , she played a great match . I won this tournament last year on the way to the French Open so I am really pleased to get back into the final again , " Sharapova said . Sharapova will play Li Na in Sunday 's final . The World No. 5 from China beat America 's Bethanie Mattek-Sands in straight sets 6-4 6-3 . Li was victorious in her last meeting with the Russian , winning comfortably , 6-2 6-2 in the semifinal of the Australian Open . But Sharapova holds an 8-5 head-to-head record overall .	Rafa Nadal beats Milos Raonic to reach Barcelona Open final Spaniard will face compatriot Nicolas Almagro in Sunday 's final Maria Sharapova will play Li Na in final of WTA event in Stuttgart
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Indirect talks between Palestinians and Israelis , aimed at ending the hostilities in Gaza , have resumed in Cairo , Egyptian state-run EgyNews reported Monday . The talks are taking place amid a three-day cease-fire brokered by Egypt . Israel wants Hamas , the militant Islamic group that runs Gaza , to disarm as part of a demilitarization of the territory . The Palestinian delegation 's demands include the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza ; a commitment to the 2012 memorandum of understanding , which called for an end to Israel 's blockade on Gaza ; an extension of fishing rights off the coast ; and the reopening of air and seaports . Israeli authorities restrict the movement of goods and people in and out of Gaza , saying they need to prevent weapons being imported . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN on Monday that "  if nonviolence is maintained , " the talks could be ongoing . Israel would be willing to ease sanctions "  if all aggression from Gaza stops , " he said on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  I believe if the Palestinians -- if Hamas -- ceases violence , ceases to target Israeli citizens , then anything is possible , " Regev said . "  We see nonviolence and demilitarization as the keys as we move forward now . " The Palestinian delegation includes representatives from several factions , including Hamas , Islamic Jihad and Fatah , the group that governs the West Bank . Senior Hamas official Izzat Risheq told CNN that this would be the last time Palestinians would be willing to participate in negotiations . Before the latest truce was announced , Hamas officials had threatened to walk away from the talks . "  We will not stay long in the absence of serious negotiations , " Mousa Abu Marzouk , a senior Hamas official in Cairo , said in a statement Sunday . "  The coming 24 hours will determine the fate of the negotiations as a whole . " Humanitarian aid The latest truce also helps humanitarian aid reach some of the victims of the Gaza conflict , which has been raging for more than a month . "  The humanitarian needs are very , very big right now " in Gaza , said Erika Tovar , a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross . "  Now we are able to move around better because of the cease-fire . " A spokeswoman for Israel 's Coordination and Liaison Administration for Gaza , which coordinates the crossings from Israel into Gaza , said the Kerem Shalom and Erez crossings were open Monday . "  Today , 369 truckloads of goods were scheduled to be sent into Gaza , including 212 truckloads of food , 33 of animal feed , and 25 of medical supplies , " 2nd Lt. Adina Horesh said Monday . "  There have not been any particular issues today that have hindered the operation of the crossing . " A previous cease-fire ended Friday when militant groups in Gaza resumed rocket attacks on Israel , provoking renewed airstrikes from the Israeli military . The return to violence stalled the Egyptian-mediated negotiations between the two sides in Cairo , with Israeli officials leaving the city . On Sunday , Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said the delegation would not return until the rocket fire from Gaza stopped . "  We will not negotiate under fire , " he said . The Israeli military said Monday morning that no rocket fire had been reported since the truce came into effect just after midnight local time  Sunday at 9 p.m. GMT and 5 p.m. ET  , and a senior Egyptian official later told CNN that an Israeli delegation had arrived in Cairo for talks . ` The operation will continue ' The Israeli military pulled its ground forces out of Gaza last week , saying it had achieved the goal of destroying Hamas ' network of tunnels , some of which ran under the border and were used by militants to launch attacks . But Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that the broader operation is still under way . "  At no stage did we announce its end , " he said . "  The operation will continue until we complete its aims -- the return of quiet for a continuous period of time . " On Sunday , before the new truce began , militants had kept firing rockets into Israel , and airstrikes continued to pound Gaza , killing a number of Palestinians . The United Nations said Sunday that 1,948 Palestinians had been killed during the conflict , estimating that around 72 % of them were civilians . The fighting has wounded thousands of people and displaced hundreds of thousands . Many Gaza residents are struggling to get access to basic necessities like shelter , water and power . Aid workers are taking advantage of the lull to try to address some of those issues . "  We can get disposable items to the hospitals , more health practitioners to the hospitals , " said Tovar of the Red Cross . "  We are bringing more technicians to repair the power lines , and we can go farther to assess the needs of people who have been displaced . " Israeli officials say 64 Israeli soldiers have been killed in the conflict , and three civilians were killed in Israel . Man killed in the West Bank In the West Bank , where the Gaza conflict has raised tensions , Israeli security forces killed a Palestinian man early Monday , the Israeli military said in a statement . The man , who was wanted for questioning over a shooting incident against Israeli forces two weeks ago , barricaded himself in a building in the town of Qabalan , the Israel Defense Forces said . He refused repeated calls to turn himself in and fired a gun , it said . The official Palestinian news agency WAFA reported that the Israeli forces targeted the 24-year-old man in his home and that eight other people were injured . The IDF said it was n't aware if anyone else was injured in the clash . It said further searches revealed weapons at the scene . On Sunday , a 10-year-old Palestinian boy was shot and killed in front of his house in the West Bank city of Hebron during clashes between Palestinian youths and Israeli soldiers , Palestinian medical officials said . The Israeli military said it was looking into the reports of the boy 's death . CNN 's Saima Mohsin reported from Jerusalem , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Samira Said , Ashley Fantz , Ali Younes , Salma Abdelaziz , Martin Savidge , Claudia Rebaza and Tal Heinrich also contributed to this report .	Indirect talks between Israelis and Palestinians resume , Egyptian news service says The talks are taking place amid a three-day cease-fire brokered by Egypt Humanitarian needs in Gaza are "  very , very big right now , " Red Cross official says Hamas warns it wo n't stay long "  in the absence of serious negotiations "
CNN  -- The American leg of Miley Cyrus ' tour is now officially over , thanks to an "  extreme allergic reaction " to an antibiotic . Her representative released a statement Friday indicating that "  all remaining U.S. dates on the Miley Cyrus ` Bangerz ' tour have been postponed . " That means that shows scheduled next week for Philadelphia , at Foxwoods casino in Connecticut , and on Long Island , New York are officially off -- at least for now . The announcement is n't entirely unexpected : Her representative said Thursday that the entertainer could need a lot more time to recover from the ailment that landed her in a Kansas City hospital last week . "  Sick of waking up to needles , " the 21-year-old Cyrus tweeted Friday . " #goingthruit . " The singer canceled a show in Charlotte , North Carolina , last week because of what was reported to be a flu-like illness . But the severity of her condition was n't fully known until this week , when she canceled performances in Kansas City and St. Louis . In a statement , her camp explained that Cyrus got a sinus infection while in North Carolina , then "  was prescribed the antibiotic Cephalexin , which she has now suffered an extreme allergic reaction to . " "  This type of extreme reaction can last from five to 27 days in these types of cases , " the statement said . "  She will remain hospitalized and is under a doctor 's care until we see some improvement in her condition and is asking for your compassion and privacy at this time . Miley is devastated about missing shows and possibly disappointing her fans . " But it appears Cyrus wo n't be off the stage for long . Her representative said Friday "  the European leg of the tour will proceed as planned , " starting with a May 2 date in Amsterdam . This summer , she should be back partying in the USA , as she intoned in one of her best-known hits . A slew of new shows , running between August 1 and August 14 , were announced Friday to replace recently canceled ones . Those dates include two additional shows in Pittsburgh and Chicago . Miley : Post-Disney , post-Liam and stronger than ever Miley 's miserable day Is Miley the new Madonna ? CNN 's Carolyn Sung and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The remaining U.S. dates on Cyrus ' "  Bangerz " tour are called off -- for now The European leg of her tour , set to start May 2 , is still on , her camp says Cyrus has been hospitalized because of an allergic reaction to an antibiotic "  Sick of waking up to needles , " the 21-year-old singer tweets
London  CNN  -- A frozen food producer caught up in a scandal over horsemeat found in beef products in the United Kingdom , Sweden and France said Saturday it will sue the Romanian producer it blames for the problem . The French arm of Swedish frozen food firm Findus said it would file a legal complaint Monday against the unnamed Romanian business . Findus said it had been told that its products were being made with French beef , not Romanian horsemeat . "  We were deceived , " said a Findus France statement . "  There are two victims in this affair : Findus and the consumer . " Also , the British arm of Findus said Saturday said it was considering legal action against suppliers , adding that early results of its internal investigation "  strongly suggests " the horsemeat contamination of a beef lasagna product "  was not accidental . " Meanwhile , an emergency meeting was held in London Saturday , as ministers , food inspectors and retailers grappled with a scandal that appears to be spreading across Europe . Environment Secretary Owen Paterson said it was "  completely unacceptable " that consumers were being sold food that contained horse in place of beef . Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland The evidence so far suggests "  either criminal activity or gross negligence , " he said . Paterson warned that "  more bad news " could come . UK food businesses have been ordered to test all processed beef products for "  authenticity " and report back to the authorities by Friday . "  I am determined that we get to the bottom of this and that any wrongdoing discovered is punished , " said a statement by Paterson after the meeting . Retailers in the United Kingdom , France and Sweden pulled millions of lasagna and other processed beef products off the shelves as the alarm was raised over the Findus lasagnas . The controversy comes less than a month after horsemeat was found in hamburgers sold in the United Kingdom and Ireland . Officials in Ireland have pointed to Polish meat ingredients as being the source of horsemeat found in burgers there . The UK Food Standards Agency said the evidence "  points to either gross negligence or deliberate contamination in the food chain . This is why we have already involved the police , both here and in Europe . " An agency spokesman , Brad Smythe , told CNN that participants in Saturday 's meeting had agreed that "  meaningful results " must be achieved by Friday . "  This concerns products that are most likely to have been contaminated , such as beef lasagne and other budget ranges , " Smythe said . The meeting was about clarifying what tests are possible , what laboratory capacity is needed , and what can be done to protect consumer confidence , he said . Horse : Coming soon to a meat case near you ? "  This is completely unacceptable -- this is n't about food safety but about proper food labeling and confidence in retailers , " Prime Minister David Cameron said Friday , quoted on his official Twitter feed . The revelations have thrown the meat industry into crisis and revolted many meat eaters in the United Kingdom , where horsemeat is generally considered taboo , although it is commonly eaten in neighboring France , as well as countries including China , Russia , Kazakhstan and Italy . Findus said Thursday it had withdrawn its lasagna -- labeled with the British spelling , "  lasagne " -- from UK stores Monday as a precaution after its French supplier , Comigel , raised concerns about the type of meat used . Meanwhile , Findus France has temporarily withdrawn three ready-prepared dishes -- lasagna bolognese , shepherd 's pie and moussaka -- because of the discovery of horsemeat in purported 100 % beef products , the firm said . The company added , however , that the three products could still be eaten without health risk . Responding to questions as to how long it had known about the horsemeat issue , Findus said it had only been alerted by Comigel in a letter dated 2 February . That letter had made Findus "  aware of a possible August 2012 date " for the contamination , the company said . British retailer Aldi said it had also withdrawn two of its products , a beef lasagna and spaghetti bolognese , after supplier Comigel "  flagged concerns that the products do not conform to specification . " While horsemeat is not itself a food safety hazard , its unauthorized presence -- in quantities up to 100 % -- in foods purported to be made with beef has raised serious concerns . Comigel has not yet responded to CNN requests for comment . Chief among food inspectors ' concerns is that the illicit horsemeat could contain the veterinary drug phenylbutazone , or "  bute , " commonly used to treat horses . Neigh it ai n't so : Burger King finds horsemeat at European supplier Meat from animals treated with phenylbutazone is not allowed to enter the food chain as it may pose a risk to human health . Findus has been ordered to test the lasagna withdrawn from shelves in the United Kingdom for the drug 's presence . Aldi said in a statement that tests on random samples of its affected products , labeled Today 's Special Frozen Beef Lasagne and Today 's Special Frozen Spaghetti Bolognese , "  demonstrated that the withdrawn products contained between 30 % and 100 % horse meat . "  This is completely unacceptable and like other affected companies , we feel angry and let down by our supplier . If the label says beef , our customers expect it to be beef . " Samples of the affected Findus lasagna also contained between 60 and 100 % horsemeat , according to UK and Irish food safety inspectors . In January , the Food Safety Authority of Ireland found that 10 out of 27 hamburger products it analyzed in a study contained horse DNA , while 23 of them -- or 85 % -- tested positive for pig DNA . In nine out of the 10 burger samples , the horse DNA was found at very low levels , the inspectors said , but in one sample from Tesco , Britain 's largest retailer , the horse meat accounted for about 29 % of the burger . Tesco apologized to customers after the revelation and promised action to make sure it never happened again . The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws proscribe the consumption of pig products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horsemeat . The Justice Ministry confirmed last week that a number of meat pies and similar items supplied to prisons in England and Wales were labeled and served as halal -- prepared in compliance with Islamic dietary law -- but contained traces of pork DNA , the Food Standards Agency said . Horsemeat is not commonly eaten in the United States , but the country does export it to Canada and Mexico . Congress passed a bill in November 2011 that lifted a 5-year-old ban on the slaughter of horses for meat in the United States . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : Findus UK says horsemeat in lasagna product may be intentional UK food firms must produce "  meaningful results " in tests on all beef products by Friday Findus France says it will sue a Romanian producer for horsemeat contamination UK Food Standards Agency says it 's contacted the police at home and in Europe
Gorkha , Nepal  CNN  The ride from Kathmandu to near the epicenter of Nepal 's devastating earthquake is not for those who get easily carsick . Steep slopes and small winding roads through deep river valleys greet us as we make our way to a town where Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured , in much less than ideal circumstances . The view along the six-hour journey from the capital is deceptive . Although I see numerous landslides , I am surprised that the villages we are driving through are relatively unaffected . During the entire journey , I notice only about 10 collapsed or seriously damaged houses . One of the biggest challenges rescue workers are facing in Nepal is reaching affected people in remote mountainous areas . One of them is Gorkha , a district northwest of Kathmandu . The town we were visiting looks intact . Some houses have cracks , and I see a few collapsed brick walls . Most of the shops and businesses are open . But our first stop at the district hospital brings us into the full reality of the human catastrophe . The hospital campus is overflowing with patients . The facility is simply not big enough to handle such calamity . The injured are not from the town of Gorkha , which lies near the top of one of the numerous mountain ranges . They are from northern part of the district , where some 200,000 people live . To accommodate all the casualties , the hospital built a tarpaulin shelter over the parking lot . At a time of our arrival , there are about 20 patients lying on mattresses on a dusty concrete floor . The youngest is 10 , the oldest in his 70s . Most of them have visible wounds : deep cuts , bruised faces , broken arms and legs or spinal injuries . All of their faces with empty looks are still expressing the terror they went through and the pain they are suffering . Mita Gurung , 10 , sustained injuries to her face and leg when her house in the village of Sinjung partially collapsed . Her mother was injured in the tremor . Mita is gently tended by volunteer child counselor Tara May Bishakarma . "  I just found what she likes and keep repeating it . Her injuries are fairly superficial , but she is traumatized . It will take some time , but she will recover , " Bishakarma says . Children usually get excited when being filmed . Mita seems almost unaware of my camera . Little food , less optimism in Kathmandu tent city The situation in the hospital 's emergency room is similar . Every bed is taken . All the injured are taken care of by attentive doctors and nurses . Some have family members with them . Despite the gravity of the situation , the atmosphere here is calm . Gorkha 's hospital is ill-equipped to treat more serious injuries and serves mostly as a transit point . Here , the injured get necessary first aid and as soon as possible are transferred to bigger hospitals in other districts or in Kathmandu . There are not enough ambulances , and most of the injured must travel on old buses . People unable to walk are transported on makeshift wooden stretchers . I can not even imagine traveling on the road we just came in with a broken leg or a spinal injury . The caws of crows above Gorkha are frequently interrupted by sounds of helicopters . We leave the hospital and go to check the landing zones . One is a sports field , and the second a flat meadow on the ridge . Many of the damaged villages are not accessible by roads . To fly to most remote places from Gorkha takes about 30 minutes , five days on foot . The helicopters operated by Nepalese military bring tents , tarps , blankets , food and baby supplies to most damaged areas . They bring back the injured . One helicopter brings two stranded Danish tourists from Chumchet , a village in the Tsum Valley . They are in a group of 11 trekkers from Slovakia , Poland and the Czech Republic who remain in the valley . Most of the helicopters are small and can only pick up two to three passengers . We head back to the hospital , where we meet Olivier Hagon . He is the head of a mission of the Swiss Humanitarian Aid Unit , a Swiss government agency . The agency 's "  Mother and Child " team helps the needy during disasters around the world . "  For us , it 's most important to focus on the most vulnerable ones : mothers and children . Women in labor who do not have a bed , women in need of a cesarean  section  without access to surgery facilities , " says Hagon . The rest of the 10-member unit arrives from Kathmandu in the evening . The team includes a pediatrician , a pediatric surgeon , an orthopedic surgeon , a midwife , an anesthesiologist and a gynecologist . Within two hours , they set up two modern fully functioning operating theaters at the hospital . The group 's philosophy is "  to support , not to invade . " They work very closely with staff of Gorkha 's hospital . The Swiss Humanitarian Aid Unit is followed by 26 members of the International Search and Rescue Germany . They bring seven search dogs . Leader Thomas Laackmann explains : "  Right now we focus on finding survivors . The chances are diminishing every hour . Members of our team are trained medics . We will also assist with treating the injured . " All aid workers sleep in tents on hospital premises . On Thursday , we wake up to a drizzly morning . Heavy fog blankets surrounding slopes and mountains . All helicopter flights are suspended . People in remote areas desperately awaiting help wo n't get any today . But here in Gorkha , humanitarian teams are at full speed . Swiss doctors along with their Nepalese colleagues perform surgeries . The German team heads off in a bus to villages reachable by road . We wish our hosts in Gorkha the best of luck and leave for Kathmandu mid-afternoon . I had come to see how serious the situation is and how local and state authorities are coping . I am too overwhelmed and too exhausted to draw any conclusions . But I learned a lot about resilience of the Nepalese and about good people from around the world committed to help them . Much help will be needed .	A trip to the town of Gorkha shows the human toll of the earthquake International teams are assisting Nepalese medical staff , officials
CNN  -- There are two groups of Republicans : Those who pander to nativists by encouraging anti-Latino prejudice and exploiting the fear and anxiety that come from changing demographics , and those who tolerate the first group . Both groups are spoiling the Grand Old Party . And they 're making life too easy for Democrats , who -- while never particularly good at addressing the needs and concerns of Latino voters -- have lately excelled in the neglect department . The more Latinos are antagonized by Republicans , the more they get ignored by Democrats . Ai n't that swell ? The result for America 's largest minority is a political paradox , where the media insists this community has tremendous power while those of us within the community know the opposite is true . We 're not getting stronger . We 're getting weaker . Such is the misfortune of today 's Latino voter , and it 's the goal of Democrats to bring it up . When you do n't have much to offer , you cling to what little you have -- even if it 's just a bumper sticker slogan : "  Vote Democrat . Because we 're not as bad as Republicans . " Look at what happened with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California and Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York , when he made remarks about Republicans and racism on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . And recently , Pelosi was asked by reporters if she thought race factors into how Republicans deal with the Obama administration . Pivoting to a hot topic , Pelosi responded : "  I think race has something to do with the fact that they 're not bringing up an immigration bill . " First , that took chutzpah . This is the same Nancy Pelosi who , when she wielded the gavel from 2007 to 2009 , deliberately kept immigration off the congressional agenda . This was no secret . Her top lieutenant at the time , Rep. Rahm Emanuel , who talked openly about his reluctance to engage the issue , went so far as to label immigration the "  third rail " of American politics . Did the Democrats ' failure to bring up immigration during the two years they controlled both houses of Congress also have something to do with race ? It seems only fair to ask , given what Pelosi said about the GOP . The real reason Democrats put immigration on the back burner was n't racial but political . Labor leaders give lip service to backing the idea of giving legal status to the undocumented , but the rank-and-file are n't sold . Democrats are no more eager to divide their party than Republicans are to divide theirs . Democrats benefit from Republican missteps . If the GOP acts as an obstacle , it saves the Democrats from having to play the villain . Pelosi is right about race -- or more precisely , ethnicity , since Latinos are n't a race -- having a lot to do with why House Republicans wo n't bring up an immigration bill . Since most immigrants to the United States , both legal and illegal , are now Latino , Republicans are afraid that -- whichever way the debate goes -- they 'll be painted as "  anti-Latino , " which will lead to another beating at the ballot box . Besides , if they restart the immigration debate , Republicans can count on someone in their party saying something idiotic or incendiary that will turn off Latinos . Then along comes Israel . When asked by reporters to comment on what Pelosi had said  notice how helpful the liberal media can be in advancing the narrative that Republicans are hostile to minorities  , Israel said , "  To a significant extent , the Republican base does have elements that are animated by racism . And that 's unfortunate . " Israel has a point . Many Americans approach the immigration debate by succumbing to racism . They have for 250 years , starting when Benjamin Franklin railed against the Germans in the mid-1700s . That 's a ready made constituency . In the last 20 years , a faction of the GOP has stepped up to service it . And whereas , a hundred years ago , the political piÃ ± ata would have been the Irish or the Italians , today it 's the Latinos . Yet , that 's only half the story . Here 's the rest : Racism is n't limited to one party . It never has been . Today , you 'll find anti-Latino elements of the Democratic Party . Democratic politicians are careful not to say anything ugly . But rank-and-file Democratic voters are more uninhibited with their comments . Travel the country , as I have , and you 'll hear the same remarks from Democrats that you hear from Republicans -- about how Latino immigrants are defiant , dangerous or deficient . This is why you see resistance to legalizing the undocumented from normally liberal voters in the South , Midwest and Northeast . Listen up , Latinos . We do n't have political power , and we 're suffering through a litany of bad choices . But there 's a way to improve our lot , and it has nothing to do with demographics . We have to avoid oversimplifying our predicament by blaming only Republicans for the poisonous mood of the immigration debate . Over the years , leading up to the Obama administration 's dubious record of deporting 2 million people in five years , Democrats have done their share of damage . Are racism and nativism part of the immigration debate ? Of course they are . But the antidote to such bigotry is n't tolerance or open-mindedness . It 's respect . And there is only one way for Latinos to get it , and that 's by staying in play and making both parties compete for our votes . That 's not politics . It 's common sense . And oftentimes , one does n't have anything to do with the other .	Ruben Navarrette : Anti-immigration Republicans are spoiling the Grand Old Party Navarrette : Some Democrats say race is a reason for failure of immigration reform He says racism is n't limited to one party ; it never has been in history Navarrette : There are anti-Latino elements in Democratic and Republican parties
San Diego  CNN  -- Being native-born means never having to think about citizenship . Those concerns are for immigrants , either those who are in the U.S. illegally and want a chance to get legal status or those who already have legal status and would like to upgrade to full citizenship and all the perks that come with it , including voting . The deeper your roots go , the less likely you are to think about citizenship . Both my parents , three of my four grandparents and half my great-grandparents were all born in the United States . So I 've hardly given it a thought . Until now . I have written about immigration for nearly a quarter-century . I want an end to the deportation frenzy caused by the Obama administration and a chance for the roughly 11 million illegal immigrants to have a shot at legal status . Solutions to these pressing problems pivot on citizenship and what it should cost . More than border security , temporary workers , employer sanctions or reforms to the process for admitting legal immigrants , citizenship has emerged as the linchpin of immigration reform . Key Republican : Undocumented immigrants ` not clamoring ' for citizenship If you pulled together 100 undocumented immigrants and asked them how they feel about citizenship , you 'd probably get 100 different answers . Some value the chance to become citizens , while others could n't care less and would settle for a driver 's license and the right to travel freely across borders . Those diverse opinions make it difficult for reformers to know what they should demand in negotiations , what they should hold out for and what they should be willing to ditch if necessary for a deal . On Tuesday , some House Republicans signaled that they might be amenable to a middle-ground option in which millions of illegal immigrants get legal residency but not the path to citizenship that Democrats are pushing . And the signals were flashing all over town . They flashed at a hearing of the House Judiciary Committee , its first on immigration this session , in which Idaho Republican Rep. Raul Labrador told Democrats that -- if they put aside politics and forgo a pathway to citizenship -- they would find "  good will here in the House of Representatives for us to come together , actually pass a pragmatic solution to the current problem that we have , and solve and modernize the immigration system for years to come . " Legal immigrants : What about us ? Another signal : House Majority Leader Eric Cantor delivered a speech at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank , in which he endorsed comprehensive immigration overhaul , minus citizenship , as the "  right thing to do . " Cantor even changed his tune on the idea of offering a pathway to legal status and citizenship to illegal immigrant students who were brought here as children . He was against it before he was in favor of it . And House Speaker John Boehner also signaled a cooperative spirit . In talking to reporters before the hearing , he refused to back an earned pathway to citizenship , calling it "  a very difficult part " of legislation , but encouraged bipartisan solutions . Immigration Q&A : Amnesty or path to citizenship ? A middle-of-the-road solution is the way to go . Getting Republicans -- and , frankly , conservative and pro-labor Democrats -- to support an earned pathway to citizenship would be a heavy lift . But it would be a shame to leave this historic moment empty-handed . For Republicans , the politics of this is lose-lose . They 'll encounter the wrath of voters either way . But they should hold the line and either push back against an earned pathway to citizenship or , as a last resort , do everything they can to make sure that any pathway is not a cake walk . Why not ? Because U.S. citizenship has tremendous value , and we should n't give it away on the cheap . U.S.-born citizens do n't need an earned pathway to citizenship . We get it without effort or sacrifice . I managed to be born -- 45 years ago -- at a hospital in Fresno , California . And the rest was easy . Immigrants in America : The second-generation story Warren Buffet uses the phrase "  the lottery of the womb " to describe the concept of inherited wealth . But it applies to citizenship as well . Citizenship is priceless . It 's about a lot more than voting . It 's about becoming a stitch in the American fabric and about joining the American community . It 's about knowing U.S. history and being wise enough to learn from it . It 's about knowing English , even as we strive to acquire new languages . It 's about surrendering your allegiance to another country or another flag , and -- as President Kennedy said -- asking not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country . What 's in Senate immigration plan ? It 's about accepting that with rights come responsibilities . It 's about being proud to be part of a narrative that includes the likes of Thomas Jefferson and Thomas Edison , Martin Luther King and Thurgood Marshall , Robert Kennedy and Robert Frost , Cesar Chavez and Sonia Sotomayor . Most of all , it 's about recognizing and accepting that the greatness of this country makes us all look tiny by comparison . That 's a lot to think about . So let 's give the undocumented legal status as soon as possible so they ca n't be deported by an administration that has shown a knack for apprehensions and removals . And yet let 's also make the path to citizenship long enough so those who travel it have time to process it all and difficult enough so that , if they eventually get citizenship , they 'll treasure it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Citizenship for illegal immigrants is most difficult issue in reform GOP leaning toward legal status , he says , but not the proposed path to citizenship Navarrette : Undocumented should have legal status ASAP to avoid more deportations Citizenship should be difficult to obtain , Navarrette says
CNN  -- The deaths of four people this week at a Florida mansion leased out by tennis star James Blake were murders and a suicide , with a man shooting his wife and teenage children in the head and setting the home on fire before shooting himself , authorities said Friday . Authorities have identified the dead as Darrin Campbell , his wife Kimberly Campbell , and their teenage children , Megan and Colin , Hillsborough County sheriff 's Col. Donna Lusczynski told reporters . The family , found dead at the burning Tampa home on Wednesday , had been renting the 5,800-square-foot mansion from Blake for the past two years , authorities said . Blake was not at the home at the time , police said . Investigators do n't know Darrin Campbell 's motive , Lusczynski said . Authorities believe he used a gun that was registered in his name , Lusczynski added . The sheriff 's department has n't said exactly what led investigators to believe he shot his family , but it did say the Florida Department of Law Enforcement performed a ballistics test . Information on whether the four died from their gunshot wounds , the fire or some other manner was n't immediately available . Firefighters first learned of the blaze in a 911 call around 5:45 a.m. Wednesday reporting an explosion and flames . Campbell used an accelerant to feed the fire and also placed fireworks throughout the home , Lusczynski said Friday . Campbell bought fireworks and cans of gasoline on Sunday and bought more gasoline from two stores on Tuesday , Lusczynski said . A surveillance video obtained by CNN shows a man believed to be Darrin Campbell inside a Phantom Fireworks store in Tampa on Sunday , buying about $ 600 worth of fireworks . He walks out of the store with one cart , and an employee seems to help him out with a second . Blake , 34 , born in Yonkers , New York , starred at Harvard before breaking into professional tennis . He peaked at No. 4 in the world rankings in November 2006 , according to his ATP World Tour profile . He retired from the sport last year , and remains active with his namesake foundation and Thomas Blake Sr. . Memorial Research Fund to support research at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center . CNN 's Alina Machado , Greg Botelho and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Police : Man shot his wife , teen children and himself Man set Tampa mansion on fire , authorities say Home belongs to former pro tennis player James Blake , who was leasing it out Man bought fireworks , gas cans days ahead of blaze , authorities say
CNN  -- Licenses were awarded to 20 medical marijuana dispensaries in Massachusetts , the first in the state after a voter-approved law went into effect in 2013 , state officials announced Friday . The Massachusetts Department of Health and Human Services said 100 finalists applied for licenses and were judged on how they served the public health , their security and strength of their business plans , as well as their focus on the ability to meet patients ' needs . "  Health officials designed a rigorous process for vetting applicants , " said the statement , citing a process that included a selection committee that determined the ability of each applicant to "  meet overall health needs to registered patients while ensuring public safety . " The law went into effect January 1 , 2013 , and allows the department to register up to 35 nonprofit registered marijuana dispensaries . In addition to the 20 approved , eight other applicants were qualified but the proposed locations were rejected , the statement said . Those applicants will be able to reapply in other counties that do not have a licensed dispensary , according to the department . Patients who have a written certification from a physician for medical marijuana will be registered in an online system , according to the department . Medical marijuana dispensaries serve clients who suffer ills ranging from cancer to AIDS to chronic pain . Proponents say the drug 's pain-relieving properties offer an alternative for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy or radiation treatments . Eighteen states have either decriminalized or allowed medical marijuana in some fashion . While the state laws have allowed dispensaries to open , they remain illegal under federal law . Fourteen states allow dispensaries , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .	Massachusetts grants licenses for 20 medical marijuana dispensaries Some 100 finalists applied for licenses A voter-approved law allows up to 35 non-profit registered marijuana dispensaries
CNN  -- The only sound Christian Myers heard in his classroom at Arapahoe High School was the constant buzz of vibrating cell phones -- calls from panicked parents trying to reach their children . The sophomore and his fellow classmates were hunkered down in a corner of a darkened room . Minutes earlier , they had heard the sound of gunshots . That was followed by a dire warning from a teacher . "  He just yelled , ` Lockdown ! ' " Myers , a sophomore , told CNN on Friday . "  He goes ` Do what would you do in a lockdown drill . This is not a drill . " ' ` It was a shotgun ' It was just after 12:30 p.m. Friday at Arapahoe High School with its student population of more than 2,200 in Centennial , Colorado , when the shooting began . Some students were on lunch break at the open campus ; others were still in classes . Janitor Fabian Llerenas was on the north side of the building when he saw a student running "  side-to-side , kinda military style . " The student was carrying something . Llernas did a double take . "  It was a shotgun , " he told CNN affiliate KUSA . "  So right away , I got on the radio to alert everyone on the staff , " he said . " ... And that 's when I heard the shots . " ' A really loud bang ' One minute , ninth-grader Whitney Riley was getting ready to retrieve her computer from her locker at Arapahoe High School . The next minute , she was running . "  We were having fun and laughing and then , all of a sudden , we heard a really loud bang , " the 15-year-old told CNN . "  My teacher asked what it was and then we heard two more and we all just got up and screamed and ran into a sprinkler system room . " Inside the windowless room were five students and two teachers . "  We were shaking , we were crying , we were freaking out , " Riley said . "  I had a girl biting my arm . " They soon heard people yelling , and walkie-talkies crackling , and then they heard police asking someone to drop the gun , put the gun down , and hold his arms up , she said . She did not hear another gunshot , though the people doing the talking could have moved farther away , she said . Soon , they heard police ordering them out . Three shots Eric Waugh was in his physics class when he and his classmates heard a bang . Initially , the teacher opened the door , he said . The teacher and students "  initially thought it might be an explosion from a chemistry class . " Then , they heard a gunshot . And then another . And then another . The teacher locked the door and turned off the lights . "  He yelled at us to go and get in the corner , and we were in the corner in two seconds , " Waugh said . Later , SWAT officers came to the classroom door . The students filed out in single file , their arms above their heads , he said . "  We never thought this would happen at our school , " Waugh said . ` Are you OK ? ' Myers , the sophomore , and his fellow classmates were sitting in the dark when he started to think about his twin brother , Austin . He knew his brother should be in class . Even so , he was worried about him . "  Are you OK ? " Myers texted . There was no answer . He texted again : "  You doing OK ? " Still , there was no reply . Myers was overwhelmed with fear . Was his brother one of those who had been shot ? He tried several more times to raise his brother by text message to no avail . Then he sent a text message to a friend , who he knew had a class with his brother . Have you seen my brother ? Myers asked . The answer : "  Austin never showed up to class today . " Panicked and in tears , Myers reached out to his father by text message : Dad , Austin is missing . Moments later , his father responded : Austin stayed home today . He was n't feeling good this morning . CNN 's Jake Tapper and Anderson Cooper contributed to this report .	The shooting at Arapahoe High School in Centennial began just after 12:30 p.m. Janitor Fabian Llerenas saw a student armed with a shotgun , running military-style "  We were shaking . We were crying , " 9th-grader Whitney Riley said Eric Waugh and his classmate thought initially it was an explosion in a chemistry class
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pirate suspect arrested in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama was all smiles on arriving in New York City late Monday , escorted by a phalanx of law enforcement officers . The unidentified pirate suspect arrested in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama arrived in the U.S. late Monday . None of the officers would confirm his identity , but his arrival for trial in the United States had been widely expected . The suspect arrived at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building in Manhattan , which is linked to a federal detention facility where he was expected to be held pending an appearance in federal court . The timing of that appearance was not immediately available . He was walked through the rain , surrounded by media , as well as officers from federal and New York City law enforcement agencies . The suspect wore a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs , and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand . Members of the media urged him to comment , but it was not clear whether he understood . He smiled broadly and laughed . He had been handed over to federal authorities by the U.S. military in Djibouti , defense officials said . The suspect , known in official documents as "  Pirate Defendant , " was brought to Djibouti aboard the USNS Walter S. Diehl , a refueling ship that was with the warship USS Bainbridge at the scene of the failed hijacking on April 8 that turned into a hostage ordeal 350 miles off Somalia . Three pirates who were holding the Maersk Alabama 's captain in the ship 's lifeboat were killed by Navy SEALs four days later . The survivor had surrendered and was aboard the Bainbridge when the captain , Richard Phillips , was rescued , officials have said . From the Bainbridge , he was transferred to the USS Boxer for medical treatment . See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " The surviving pirate was wounded when crew members of the Maersk Alabama took him hostage in the early hours of the pirate attack on the cargo ship , according to the military . The crew members had hoped to exchange him for their captain , but the pirates did not release Phillips when the crew returned their captive . "  I 'm mad because , you know , I could have been dead right now , " Ken Quinn , the Maersk Alabama 's navigation officer , told CNN Radio on Monday . "  But at the same time he 's just a little skinny guy , you know , from Somalia where they 're all starving and stuff . " Quinn said he was n't angry at the single alleged pirate , noting that piracy in the region is fueled by the urge to survive hardship and poverty . He said the suspect told him that he wanted to go the United States , and asked whether Quinn could help him get there . "  I said , ` Yeah , you 'll probably going to go anyway . I do n't think you 're going to need my help , ' " Quinn said . "  If he goes to jail here , it will be a whole lot better than living in Somalia . " CNN 's Mike Mount , Emily Anderson , Jennifer Rizzo and Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Alleged pirate known in official documents as "  Pirate Defendant " Alleged pirate brought to Djibouti aboard the USNS Walter S. Diehl , a refueling ship Handed over to federal authorities by the U.S. military in Djibouti , officials said Diehl was with the warship USS Bainbridge at the scene of a failed hijacking
Washington  CNN  -- Today is a good day for liberty . By striking down the unprecedented requirement that Americans buy health insurance -- the "  individual mandate " -- Judge Henry Hudson vindicated the idea that ours is a government of delegated and enumerated , and thus limited , powers . But this should not be surprising , for the Constitution does not grant the federal government the power to force private commercial transactions . Even if the Supreme Court has broadened the scope of Congress ' authority under the Commerce Clause -- it can now reach local activities that have a substantial effect on interstate commerce -- never before has it allowed people to face a civil penalty for declining to buy a particular product . Hudson found therefore that the individual mandate "  is neither within the letter nor the spirit of the Constitution . " Stated another way , every exercise of Congress ' power to regulate interstate commerce has involved some form of action or transaction engaged in by an individual or legal entity . The government 's theory -- that the decision not to buy insurance is an economic one that affects interstate commerce in various ways -- would , for the first time ever , permit laws commanding people to engage in economic activity . Under such a reading , which judges in two other cases have unfortunately adopted , nobody would ever be able to plausibly claim that the Constitution limits congressional power . The federal government would then have wide authority to require that Americans engage in activities ranging from eating spinach and joining gyms  in the health care realm  to buying GM cars . Congress could tell people what to study or what job to take : We need fewer lawyers and more engineers , right ? As Hudson put it , "  This broad definition of the economic activity subject to congressional regulation lacks logical limitation and is unsupported by Commerce Clause jurisprudence . " Indeed , not even in the infamous 1942 case of Wickard v. Filburn -- when the Supreme Court ratified Congress ' regulation of what farmers grew in their backyards on the theory that such local activity , in the aggregate , affects national wheat prices -- have courts faced such a breathtaking assertion of raw federal power . Even at the height of the New Deal , Congress did not attempt to force people to buy wheat to support the new national agricultural policy . So too now , when there is a stark difference between Congress ' power to regulate the health insurance industry and a purported power to require someone to buy health insurance . It 's the same difference as between the power to regulate the auto industry and -- under some scheme to bail out companies that are "  too big to fail " -- to require everyone to buy a Chevy . To be sure , there are situations in which the government may force individuals to engage in business . Most notably , it can require hotels and restaurants to serve all patrons . But nobody has to become a hotelier or restaurateur , or purchase lodging or food -- and individuals are not commercial enterprises . As for the oft-invoked car insurance analogy , being required to buy insurance if you choose to drive is different from having to buy it because you are alive . And it is states that impose car insurance mandates , under their general police powers -- which the federal government lacks . And so today was a bad day for those who say that Congress is the arbiter of its own powers and that the only checks on federal power in the regulation of commerce are political . We have come far from the time when pundits dismissed the lawsuits challenging the new health care law as frivolous political gimmicks . This is still the beginning of a long legal journey -- there 's a hearing this Thursday in the Florida-led 20-state lawsuit , then appeals in all the various cases , and none of this will be over till the Supreme Court has its say -- but we can now see the day where this unprecedented claim of federal power is definitively rejected as fundamentally contrary to our constitutional order . As Hudson said , "  Despite the laudable intentions of Congress in enacting a comprehensive and transformative health care regime , the legislative process must still operate within constitutional bounds . Salutatory -LSB- sic -RSB- goals and creative drafting have never been sufficient to offset an absence of enumerated powers . " It is perhaps most appropriate that this ruling happened during the Christmas season , for now we can all see that yes , Virginia , there are limits on government . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilya Shapiro .	Ilya Shapiro : Federal judge in Va. says government ca n't mandate health insurance purchase He says this is a correct reading of the Constitution 's "  Commerce Clause " Mandating health insurance is akin to forcing people to buy a consumer product , he says Shapiro : Case is far from settled and will probably go to the U.S. Supreme Court
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- If you look at Dubai , there is the modern side and the traditional side , but they all interact with each other . If I 'm in the car , I can go from one place to another and see different backgrounds , different people and different surrounding -- and for me this is always interesting to show in my work . I have seen it growing -- more buildings , hotels and lots of architecture being constructed all the time . It has changed rapidly over the past 10 years . I think I am lucky to see it all happen because now if there is an extra building , I would not really notice it ! I have seen it all change . It is part of who I am . There is always that other side of Dubai where it is very simple , humble and down-to-earth , regardless of who you are . I think it is always important to see the original Dubai , how it used to be , and a lot of it is still there . I do n't mind having these modern architectural buildings . It was more of a desert over here with tents and small houses , so there was n't really much to preserve . Our job was to build more and I think Dubai has that balance where there are the old and the new areas . I 'm very interested in artisans of the region because few of them exist . I always like to work one-to-one with craftsmen and recreate what they are making . I try and look for traditional materials . I would take a traditional material and maybe wrap it around a Formula One car ... or fit it on an art platform in a new way . I would call myself a multidisciplinary designer -- I use more than one medium at the same time . More from Human to Hero : How ` Slam Dunk ' Manga artist brings characters to life Sometimes an old Emirati man will come and whisper in my ear : "  Is n't this a gargour  traditional fishing trap made of steel  ? " And I would say , "  Yeah . " For me this is what I am trying to do -- show my work to people who maybe are not from an art background . Art Dubai is an art fair that happens every year in March . I was an artist-in-residence in 2012 . The residency program is located in Old Dubai . There are a couple of old buildings that are turned into art spaces . I wanted to do something connected to the area , so just a couple of blocks away , if you walked through Bastakiya  one of the oldest most traditional districts of Dubai  you would see the fabric shops and I remembered the textile shops from my childhood . My mum would get fabrics and I think this was where my interest in art and colors started . There is usually a cardboard tube that they wrap around the fabric and ... so I said , "  Can I use them ? " I ended up collecting about 50 a day from different shops . I created stools and chairs that you could arrange in different ways as modular furniture . More from Human to Hero : Ghanian artist who transforms bottle tops into masterpieces I was also very interested in the wooden hand barrows that are used to take these fabrics from one shop to another . Most of the hand barrow men -- known as haath gadi wallahs -- can only speak Urdu . I convinced one of them to work with me like a performance and I took him into Bastakiya which has very narrow streets . But right now instead of having fabrics on that barrow , it has got an art piece on it made out of cardboard tubes . To me it is the juxtaposition of history with something from the present . People were interacting with it really nicely , asking questions as they saw it moving around , others thought he must have lost his way from the souq and that is what I wanted to achieve . I called it Prayer on a Wheel . This is an example of how I tend to do my work -- take something from our past that is still used in our present and then redesign it in a new form and give it a new function -- and most of the time it is an artistic function -- to reintroduce it again . Recently I wanted to explore the gargour . They used to make them out of dry palm leaves but now they make them out of metal wire . With the help of craftsmen we joined the fish traps together to make a full sphere . The name of it was Present , Perfect and Continuous -- defining that this tool of fishing that was in the past can still be used in the present and can continue to be used in the future . More from Human to Hero : Chinese sculptor Xiang Jing 's painful search for truth I think Emirati artists are trying to invent their identity and create a regional style for Dubai . It is less challenging when you are a woman because they always think that art is your feminine side . I would like to see a lot of collaborations with Emirati and international artists or designers .  British designer  Stuart Haygarth created a light sculpture out of palm leaves with the help of Emirati artisans  at the recent Abu Dhabi Art Fair . I would love to do this one day . People would see the possibilities we have got here . I think collaborations are very powerful because they mix the media from different backgrounds and when you put them together there are a lot of unexpected results .	Zeinab Al Hashemi is an Emirati mixed-media visual artist based in Dubai The 25-year-old specialized in multimedia design at Zayed University in the UAE This year she became one of the first female artists-in-residence at Art Dubai She draws upon Emirati culture to create contemporary installations
CNN  -- For two years in a row , I celebrated Independence Day in the oppressive heat of Iraq along with fellow soldiers . A few nonalcoholic beers and some locally grown watermelon were our replacement for hot dogs and potato salad . This year , as Americans across the nation celebrate July Fourth with barbecues and fireworks , those most responsible for defending our independence , the military , will continue to fight two wars . And it is a shame that we will let yet another July Fourth pass us by without making substantial progress toward ending our unnecessary dependence on oil , a dependence that is funding the bullets that our enemies fire at our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . It is for that reason , and many more , that the fight for energy independence is being fought here at home , a struggle I hope more Americans will join in support of those who are fighting abroad . Oil poses a clear threat to America 's economic and national security . This spring we have watched as untold millions of gallons of oil flowed into the Gulf . But for years , we have watched as billions of dollars flowed to hostile nations to pay for oil . Every day , we send well over a billion dollars out of this country to pay for oil -- money that could and should be used to grow our economy and create jobs . The simple fact is that our dependence on oil from nations in the Middle East and other regions constrains our choices , hamstringing America 's flexibility and choices on the world stage . Too often , we are forced to consider the impact our foreign policy will have on our oil supply instead of whether a choice is in line with our values . Every day , we make a clear choice between living up to those values  and strengthening our security  and prolonging our weakness as a dirty-energy nation . Today , thousands of Americans are calling for a new freedom from oil -- a dangerous , dirty and vulnerable source of energy . This week , 10,000 American flags were planted on the National Mall , each representing Americans who have pledged to free our nation from a long and damaging cycle of dependence . As Americans look to rebuild our economy , we must consider the massive , alarming and unprecedented transfer of wealth to those who do not share our values . America 's ability to underwrite our national security always had , at its heart , the pumping arteries of a vibrant economy . Unless we act soon , we will be held hostage to the rest of the world , not just for oil , but for the clean-energy technology that will power the next century of growth and prosperity . Already dependent on oil , our country needs to act now lest we become dependent on China for solar panels . A more insidious impact of our dependence is clear in America 's foreign and military policy . Today we are forced to both pay and protect the nations that supply our oil , the very nations that fuel extremism around the world and turn a blind eye to terrorist funding within their own borders . That money , winding its way through shady front groups and so-called charities , ends up funding not just insurgents in Iraq , but also in Afghanistan and Pakistan . The tragedy in the Gulf of Mexico demonstrates , in clear and often painful terms , just how unreliable our energy sources have become . We are forced to drill to the deepest depths of the ocean , to despoil the richness of our God-given natural treasures , and to rely on dangerously uncontrollable technologies . It is time for us to stand on our own -- to take control of our energy -- with sources that will not threaten our security , fund our enemies or force us to ignore our values . The long struggle to live up to the challenge of our values has always been difficult , but today we stand at a clear crossroads between moving beyond oil or prolonging our dependence on it . Clean , American power is possible , but only if we commit ourselves to achieving that goal . In the spirit of the holiday and in light of the tragedy in the Gulf , let us dedicate the next two decades to winning a new battle for American independence -- from oil . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Powers .	Jonathan Powers says U.S. thirst for oil threatens its economic and national security He says America sends billions to hostile regimes which helps fuel terrorism , insurgency Oil constrains American foreign policy choices , he says Powers : U.S. should dedicate next two decades to developing alternatives to oil
CNN  -- Metallica appeared at Comic-Con in San Diego on Friday to promote their upcoming 3-D IMAX concert film "  Metallica Through the Never . " The band debuted footage from the movie to a crowd of fans in the Convention Center 's Hall H and later rocked an intimate crowd at a secret show . "  Metallica Through the Never " was directed by Nimrod Antal  "  Predators "  and intersperses live Metallica concert footage with a fictional narrative about a young roadie named Trip who is sent on a mission during the show . Actor Dane DeHaan  "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 "  plays Trip in the film . There is a distinct storyline woven through the concert footage , but singer/guitarist James Hetfield confirmed that there is no dialogue involved . The front man would n't elaborate on the plot any further , but did say that a lot of thought went into creating the exact right film for Metallica . "  People have done live concerts , " Hetfield told CNN before the band 's Comic-Con panel . "  We 've done live concerts and DVDs . If we 're going to invest a lot of time and money and effort into something , let 's make it unique . That 's what we 've always done . We had a ton of ideas for this thing . You get really creative with something way out of your budget and then you shrink it down . Some of the best ideas hang on and end up in the film . We wanted animation , we wanted CGI -- you name it ! But I think the narrative is extremely potent and multilayered . There 's a lot of dynamics going on at once . It 's a couple movies in one . " Another can of "  Kick-Ass " "  Through the Never , " which opens September 27 , has been rated R , which should give fans a sense of what 's to come from the film . The footage revealed Friday during the panel included people rioting in the streets , a public hanging , bloody handprints and giant coffins dangling above the stage . The actual concert footage showcases a massive stage with extensive visual effects , including pyrotechnics . Hetfield hinted during the panel that Metallica may eventually bring that stage setup on tour . Following the panel , Metallica played the 1,500-capacity venue Spreckels , performing crowd pleasers like "  Seek and Destroy , " "  Enter Sandman " and even the "  Star Wars " theme and "  Darth Vader 's Imperial March . " Actor Bradley Cooper and football player Drew Brees were in attendance . Batman and Superman : Is the screen big enough ? Although the focus for the band is on promoting the film , they are slowly still working on a new album as well , which would be Metallica 's first since 2008 's "  Death Magnetic . " Hetfield was hesitant to offer any details about the music , however . "  Right now we 're doing the movie , " he said . "  When we 're able to focus -LSB- on our album -RSB- we 'll do that . "	Metallica appeared at Comic-Con to promote new film "  Through the Never " is not traditional concert movie The band later played a secret show for fans
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The death toll from an explosion at a northeastern China coal mine rose to 104 Monday morning , according to state-run media . Another four workers were still trapped underground in the mine shaft as of 7:20 a.m.  6:20 p.m. ET Sunday  , the Xinhua news agency said . A buildup of toxic gases was hampering rescue efforts , according to CCTV . Sixty miners remained hospitalized Monday for injuries ranging from carbon monoxide poisoning to burns , CCTV reported . Of those , six had sustained severe burns that left them in critical condition . About 530 miners were working in the mine when the blast occurred at about 2:30 a.m. Saturday  1:30 p.m. ET Friday  . The Heilongjiang Longmei 's Xinxing mine is operated by the Hegang company . A preliminary investigation indicates the blast was a gas explosion , Xinhua reported .	NEW : Death toll rises NEW : Sixty miners hospitalized for carbon monoxide poisoning , burns , CCTV reports NEW : Four workers still trapped NEW : A buildup of toxic gases was hampering rescue efforts , CCTV reports
Wired  -- Google is set to become your new phone company , perhaps reducing your phone bill to zilch in the process . Seriously . Google has bought Gizmo5 , an online phone company that is akin to Skype but based on open protocols and with a lot fewer users . TechCrunch , which broke the news on Monday , reported that Google spent $ 30 million on the company . Google announced the Gizmo acquisition on Thursday afternoon Pacific Time . Gizmo5 's founder Michael Robertson , a brash serial entrepreneur , will become an Adviser to Google Voice . It 's a potent recipe -- take Gizmo5 's open standards-based online calling system . Add to it the new ability to route calls on Google 's massive network of cheap fiber . Toss in Google Voice 's free phone number , which will ring your mobile phone , your home phone and your Gizmo5 client on your laptop . ÿþ Meanwhile you can use Gizmo5 to make ultracheap outgoing calls to domestic and international phone numbers , and free calls to Skype , Google Talk , Yahoo and AIM users . You could make and receive calls that bypass the per-minute billing on your smartphone . Then layer on deluxe phone services like free SMS , voicemail transcription , customized call routing , free conference calls and voicemails sent as recordings to your e-mail account , and you have a phone service that competes with Skype , landlines and the Internet telephone offerings from Vonage and cable companies . That 's not just pie in-the-sky dreaming . Ask longtime VOIP watcher and consultant Andy Abramson , who introduced the idea of integrating Gizmo5 and Grand Central  now Google Voice  , long before Google bought either . "  Google is now the the uncommon carrier , " Abramson said , punning on the iconic 7-UP commercials and the phrase "  common carrier . " That refers to phone companies that operate on the traditional publicly switched network -- a status that gives them benefits and obligations . "  If AT&T is Coca-Cola , Google is now 7-UP , " Abramson added . "  All of a sudden you have something that offers more than Skype , " Abramson said , saying the combo could now put Google in competition with phone and cable companies , IP "  telephony "  VOIP  companies and Vonage . "  But now you can do everything with Google and pay nothing and have a platform where engineers can build new things . " In fact , Gizmo5 offered a rogue version of that service for $ 6 a month until last week . On November 2 , Gizmo5 abruptly canceled the two-month old "  residential service , " which paired the free phone number available through Google Voice with Gizmo 's Internet calling service to provide the equivalent of a home-phone replacement like Vonage . Now , that service has been wiped off the Internet and , more intriguingly , Google 's cache of the page disappeared the day after the acquisition was reported . For $ 6 a month , Gizmo5 residential users got 300 minutes a month of outbound calling anywhere in the United States , unlimited incoming calls on their home computers or even home phones  using a broadband-to-phone network conversion box  and E911 service  which means 911 calls work like landlines calls do , once you register your home address  . It 's not too surprising that offer got taken down . For one Google is already trying to steer clear of U.S. regulators by making it clear that Google Voice is n't a replacement for a home phone since you have to have phone service from some other company to use it . You can forward calls from a Google Voice number to your Gizmo5 number , but you must have a mobile or landline number as well . Google does n't say it , but clearly it hopes that restriction will keep the service from incurring the common carrier obligations attached to the regular phone system  PSTN  , and the 911 and wiretapping requirements that apply to Internet telephony and to traditional copper wire phones . AT&T has already tried to sic federal regulators on Google Voice because Google is blocking outgoing calls to a handful of shady calling services mostly free conference-calling services that exploit federal rules that let rural phone companies charge high fees to connect calls to rural areas . AT&T itself has sued similar services that play this arbitrage game , and complaining to the feds may have only brought more attention to an issue the FCC has procrastinating fixing for too long . Gizmo5 will also help save Google money on phone-call termination fees as users start to use computer-based clients to connect to Google Voice . That would allow Google to recoup the purchase price of $ 30 million in little time , if only it saves even a few dollars per user per year . Google also gets Michael Robertson , a troublemaker with technical chops . Robertson made millions from MP3.com in the dot-com boom , despite drawing lawsuits from major record labels for creating innovative services . He was later sued by Microsoft for his startup Lindows , which made Linux installations for cheap PCs . And his current music venture , MP3tunes.com , is being sued by EMI . Though still in invite-only mode , Google Voice has about 580,000 active users and nearly 1.5 million registered users , according to a Google filing with the FCC . If you are interested in the combination , you might want to sign up for Gizmo5 before the acquisition is formally announced , since Google often freezes new registrations at companies it acquires until it figures out how to integrate the technology . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Google is set to become your new phone company , perhaps reducing your phone bill to zilch in the process . Google has bought Gizmo5 , an online phone company that is akin to Skype Users could make and receive calls that bypass the per-minute billing on smartphones Consultant : "  If AT&T is Coca-Cola , Google is now 7-UP "
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India and Pakistan traded bitter accusations Wednesday after New Delhi said Pakistani troops had killed two of its soldiers in the disputed territory of Kashmir , a flash point between the two nations since their creation . Indian Foreign Secretary Ranjan Mathai summoned the Pakistani High Commissioner and "  lodged a strong protest " about what India alleges took place Tuesday , increasing the strain on ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbors . But Pakistan reiterated its denial of the accusations , saying India was trying to distract attention from a weekend clash in the Himalayan territory that left a Pakistani soldier dead . India asserts that Pakistani troops took advantage of thick fog in a wooded area on Tuesday to cross over to its side of the Line of Control , the de facto border between the two nations in Kashmir . The Indian military says one of its routine patrols spotted the Pakistani troops in the Mendhar sector of Poonch district , and a firefight lasting about 30 minutes ensued , during which two Indian soldiers were killed . The Indian government on Wednesday accused Pakistani troops of subjecting the two soldiers ' bodies to "  barbaric and inhuman mutilation , " calling the alleged actions "  highly provocative . " Read more : Fire destroys historic shrine , triggers anger in Kashmir The Pakistani foreign ministry rejected the allegations that its troops had crossed the Line of Control and killed Indian soldiers . "  These are baseless and unfounded allegations , " the foreign ministry said . "  Pakistan is prepared to hold investigations through the United Nations Military Observes Group for India and Pakistan on the recent cease-fire violations on the Line of Control . " Pakistan said it is committed to "  a constructive , sustained and result-oriented process of engagement with India , " and is working to ensure their relations are normal . Indian External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid urged his compatriots to keep cool heads despite widespread outrage about the reported attack on the Indian soldiers . While noting "  enormous concern among ordinary people " and a "  tremendous amount of stress " in the government , he said Wednesday , "  I think it 's important that we remain in control of the situation and we do n't allow emotions to run away with the situation . " Speaking in an interview with CNN affiliate IBN , Khurshid said it was necessary to wait for Pakistan 's formal response to India 's diplomatic protest . In the Sunday clash , according to the Pakistani military , Indian troops crossed the Line of Control and attacked a military post . Pakistani army troops repulsed the attack , but one Pakistani soldier was killed and another critically injured , Pakistan said . The Indian Defense Ministry , however , said Pakistani troops opened fire unprovoked on Indian posts in the north Uri sector of Indian-administered Kashmir . Indian troops retaliated and forced Pakistani troops to stop firing , the ministry said . It did not immediately report the number of casualties . The disputed territory lies in India 's Kashmir Valley , separated from Pakistan by the 450-mile Line of Control . The Pakistani army filed a formal complaint over Sunday 's incident with United Nations military observers , said Kieran Dwyer , spokesman for the agency 's peacekeeping operations . The U.N. group will conduct an investigation . No complaint had been filed by either army over Tuesday 's incident . U.N. officials urged "  both sides to respect the cease-fire and de-escalate tensions through dialogue , " Dwyer said . Read more : South Asian rivals take baby steps to warmer relations The two South Asian neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border since November 2003 . But it has been violated repeatedly , with both sides accusing the other of offenses . Bilateral talks were suspended in 2008 after an attack by Pakistani militants in Mumbai , India 's most populous city , killed more than 160 people . The negotiations have since resumed . Read more : 2 police officers killed in Kashmir attacks The conflict over Kashmir dates back to 1947 , after Britain relinquished control of the Indian subcontinent , giving birth to modern India and Pakistan . Kashmir was free to accede to either nation . Maharaja Hari Singh , the ruler of the kingdom at the time , initially chose to remain independent but eventually opted to join India , thereby handing key powers to the central government in New Delhi . In exchange , India guaranteed him military protection and vowed to hold a popular vote on the issue . Read more : Pakistani Taliban threaten to target India after execution of Mumbai attacker The South Asian rivals have fought two full-scale wars over the territorial issue . Islamabad has always said that majority-Muslim Kashmir should have been a part of Pakistan . A United Nations resolution adopted after the first war called for a referendum allowing the people of Kashmir to choose which country they wanted to join , but that vote for self-determination has never been held . Pakistan wants that referendum to take place . India says that Pakistan lends support to separatist groups fighting against government control and argues that a 1972 agreement mandates a resolution to the Kashmir dispute through bilateral talks . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and journalist Habib Nasir reported from Islamabad , Pakistan . CNN 's Shaan Khan in Islamabad ; journalist Mukhtar Ahmad in Srinagar , India ; and CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Indian minister warns against letting emotions "  run away with the situation " New Delhi says Pakistani troops killed two of its soldiers in Kashmir Pakistan 's military denies the accusations Islamabad says one of its soldiers died in another clash Sunday
After more than a year adrift in the Pacific Ocean , and after eight years away from his hometown , Jose Salvador Alvarenga is home . Around 8:30 p.m.  9:30 p.m. ET  , after arriving on a flight from Los Angeles , Alvarenga was wheeled before a swarm of reporters in the airport terminal in El Salvador 's capital of San Salvador . Looking tired and weak , he appeared unable to muster any words after being handed a microphone . Alvarenga waved meekly -- eliciting applause from travelers and airport employees who 'd lined up to see him -- and sat quietly in his wheelchair as people shouted out and cameras flashed . Then , he put his hand on his head as he was wheeled away . His next stop was to be a hospital , where Violeta Menjivar , El Salvador 's vice minister of health , said Alvarenga 's health will be monitored . If and when everything checks out , presumably , Alvarenga will be free to roam his native El Salvador . But it 's understandable if , when that happens , it will seem like a strange place . His miraculous -- some say unbelievable -- story has captured the attention of so many . Even where he was found -- in an atoll in the Marshall Islands that is as secluded a locale as they come , set deep in the Pacific Ocean some 2,000 miles from Papua New Guinea and 2,400 miles from Hawaii -- Alvarenga 's rescue and recovery attracted a crush of media . It got so intense he moved to an undisclosed location to avoid the hubbub , sources familiar with his care told CNN on Saturday . Irene Sanchez , a spokeswoman for El Salvador 's foreign ministry , said Alvarenga "  felt harassed " over the last two weeks , after having spent so many weeks alone . Now that he 's going home , she said Tuesday that he 's looking forward to spending time with his parents and daughter , as well as eating pupusas , a traditional Salvadoran dish . As to all the attention from everyone else , Sanchez said , "  He does n't know what awaits him . " "  He does n't know what it is like to be a celebrity , or how to respond to all the media attention . " His odyssey began in late 2012 when , he said , he left Mexico on what was supposed to be a one-day fishing expedition . But Alvarenga said he and a 23-year-old companion were blown off course by northerly winds and then caught in a storm . Eventually , the pair lost use of their engines and , according to Alvarenga , had no radio signal to report their plight . Four weeks into their drift , his companion died of starvation because he refused to eat raw birds and turtles , Alvarenga said . Eventually , he threw the body overboard . Castaway recounts how he survived Alvarenga 's next interaction with humans came January 30 . It was then that islanders on Ebon , a remote atoll on the already remote Marshall Islands , spotted the mysterious visitor . As he inhaled pancake after pancake , Alvarenga recounted what he 'd gone through . Soon after , images of the bearded , bedraggled castaway began circulating worldwide . His claims about his time stranded at sea garnered widespread skepticism about how he could survive the more than 6,000-mile trek across the open ocean . But officials in the Marshall Islands have said repeatedly that they have no reason to doubt the story . His story is resonating in his hometown , the coastal Salvadoran village of Garita Palmera . Balloons and ribbons hang across the house where Alvarenga 's family lives there , and a "  Welcome Home " banner is strung up outside on a palm tree archway . A heart-shaped decoration made by his niece says , "  May God bless you . " Now clean-shaven and gaining strength , Alvarenga is expected to end up back in Garita Palmera for his homecoming . As she awaited his return this week , his mother , Julia Alvarenga , said she 'd been praying for him since his last visit eight years ago . "  That was the only hope I had all this time , " she said . "  I would pray to God , and I wo n't lie to you , I was crying ; but I never lost my faith . " 5 things about the castaway 's tale	Alvarenga appears in a wheelchair in San Salvador 's airport , looking tired and weak He says he survived more than a year stranded at sea His family says it 's been eight years since his last visit to his native town Official says of Alvarenga 's newfound celebrity : "  He does n't know what awaits him "
CNN  -- Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin took time off from his political duties on Sunday to try his hand at Formula One racing in St. Petersburg . As the world 's best racing drivers battled it out at the penultimate race of the 2010 Formula One season in Brazil , Putin got behind the wheel of a F1 car for the first time and spent several hours test-driving a Renault vehicle on an empty stretch of road on the outskirts of his home city . The former president reached speeds of 150mph in the car and was pleased with his racing debut . "  For a first time , it was good , " he told reporters afterwards . Putin -- who is expected to run for a third term in the presidential office in 2012 -- is no stranger to extreme activities and the 58-year-old has often been spotted on hunting and fishing trips , as well as riding motorbikes and piloting planes . However , Putin 's attempt at motor racing comes just four years before Russia hosts its first ever grand prix in Sochi -- the same year as the Black Sea Resort will be the venue for the Winter Olympics .	Vladimir Putin had a go at Formula One racing in St Petersburg on Sunday Russian prime minister reached speeds of 150mph in the Renault car Former president has often been seen taking part in extreme sporting activities Russia will host its first F1 race in Sochi in 2014
CNN  -- Curt Schilling -- a standout pitcher who belonged to three World Series championship teams before becoming an ESPN analyst -- has cancer , he announced Wednesday . The retired Major League Baseball player did not specify what type of cancer he had or his prognosis , only that "  I 've recently been diagnosed . " "  I 've always believed life is about embracing the gifts and rising up to meet the challenges , " Schilling , 47 , said in a statement . " ... I 've been so very blessed and I feel grateful for what God has allowed my family to have and experience , and I 'll embrace this fight just like the rest of them , with resolute faith and head on . " After rising up the Boston Red Sox minor league ranks , Schilling broke into the Major Leagues with Baltimore in 1988 . He went on to star with the Philadelphia Phillies before ascending another level in his career upon joining the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2001 . That season , Schilling not only posted a 22-6 record and an ERA of 2.98 , but he earned World Series MVP honors in leading the team to its first-ever championship . He maintained the momentum the following season , when -- for the second straight year -- Major League players voted him as the National League 's most outstanding pitcher . Schilling went on to obtain legendary status in Boston upon returning to the Red Sox via trade before the 2004 season . The right-handed starter posted impressive numbers during the regular season , then did n't let an injury -- that left him with a famously bloody sock -- stop him from contributing to Boston 's first World Series title in 86 years . He retired in 2007 , after the Red Sox again won the title , then led an ill-fated video game company based in Rhode Island . ESPN would later hire him as a baseball analyst . The network issued a statement Wednesday saying , "  His ESPN teammates wish him continued strength in his cancer fight , and we look forward to welcoming him back to our baseball coverage whenever he 's ready . " This is n't the Schilling family 's first brush with cancer . His wife , Shonda , went public -- even inviting cameras in to capture her fifth and final surgery -- in the early 2000s with her fight with malignant melanoma . She afterward created the Shade Foundation of America , a group geared toward educating children about skin cancer and prevention .	Schilling says he 's "  recently been diagnosed " with an unspecified cancer "  I 'll embrace this fight just like the rest of them , " he says Schilling was on three world championship teams during his 20-year MLB career He now works as an ESPN analyst
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey 's main opposition leader resigned as head of his party Monday after the circulation of a videotape allegedly showing him having an affair with a female party deputy who had once been his secretary . Deniz Baykal declared that "  there is a conspiracy against me " and blamed the government for the video . The 71-year-old chairman of the Republican People 's Party said the secretly shot tape could not have been made without the approval of the ruling party . "  It is impossible to organize such a plot within such a short period of time without the knowledge of the ruling party , " he said in a televised address . "  One who gives credit to unlawful and unethical plots can not defend law and ethics . " The party is to elect a new leader at its convention May 23 and 24 . Baykal has said he would n't be a candidate , but that wo n't stop members from trying to elect him again . Numerous party members are gathering signatures from delegates to renominate him as a candidate for leadership , saying they do not believe the accusations . And Baykal said , "  My resignation does n't mean I will give in to this conspiracy or will stop the fight . " Members of parliament wept openly during the speech by Baykal , a representative from Antalya . Afterward , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he had ordered distribution of the tape halted . He added that he found Baykal 's statements "  just as ugly and worthless as the tape " and noted that Baykal had not denied its authenticity . The resignation of the secularist party leader comes as the government is preparing to take a package of proposed constitutional changes to a national referendum . The Republican People 's Party opposes the changes . The chief prosecutor 's office in Ankara has initiated a criminal investigation , according to Turkey 's semi-official news agency Adnadolu Ajansi . CNN 's Yesim Comert and Talia Kayali contributed to this story .	Deniz Baykal blames government for allowing secret video recording "  There is a conspiracy against me , " Baykal says Resignation comes ahead of referendum on constitutional changes opposed by Baykal
Washington  CNN  -- Initial legal challenges to the government 's sweeping electronic surveillance programs began to emerge with one couple alleging they were singled out for monitoring because they criticized the U.S. military . A $ 3 billion class-action complaint by Mary Ann and Charles Strange of Philadelphia was believed to be the first civil case against the Obama administration since last week 's blockbuster disclosure in published reports about the super-secret National Security Agency surveillance efforts . The disclosures in the Guardian newspaper and the Washington Post have outraged civil libertarians , political liberals and some conservatives , and triggered new policy and privacy debates . But legal challenges are expected to be uphill fights in federal court . The Stranges ' suit and another by civil liberties groups this week centered on phone monitoring in which the NSA is said to have received data from a major telecommunications company . "  This dragnet program is surely one of the largest surveillance efforts ever launched by a democratic government against its own citizens , " said Jameel Jaffer , said legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union , which joined with the New York Civil Liberties Union in filing suit . They argue the program , which the White House says is carefully and lawfully applied and a necessary tool in fighting terrorism , violates the First Amendment free speech rights as well as the Fourth Amendment right to privacy . No sign of NSA leaker as U.S. investigation builds steam The complaint also charges the initiative exceeds the authority that Congress provided through the Patriot Act , which was a response to the September 2001 al Qaeda attacks against the United States . The Stranges ' son , Navy SEAL Michael Strange , was killed in a 2011 helicopter crash in Afghanistan . Along with the government watchdog Freedom Watch , the Stranges say their phone records were illegally accessed by domestic spy agencies because they "  have been vocal about their criticism of President Obama as commander-in-chief , his administration , and the U.S. military . " A former NSA computer contractor , Edward Snowden , has admitted to leaking details about government surveillance activities , telling a British reporter that Verizon Business Network was ordered by a secret federal court to turn over details of phone calls published from April 25 to July 19 . Intelligence officials later confirmed the program , which analysts say likely covers all U.S. carriers . That disclosure and a second involving NSA surveillance of e-mails have reignited debate about government collection of personal data in the global hunt for terrorists and criminals . Civil liberties advocates say the measures are unacceptable intrusions . But supporters say they are legal and have yielded evidence that has helped stop terror plots . The Stranges have sued Obama , Attorney General Eric Holder , NSA director Keith Alexander , Verizon , government agencies and the judge who signed the secret order on phone monitoring . House has tough questions about secret surveillance In the complaint , the couple claims their privacy and free speech rights were compromised by the alleged "  criminal acts . " The alleged surveillance "  violated plaintiffs ' and class members ' right of freedom of association by making them and others weary and fearful of contacting other persons and entities via cell phone out of fear of the misuse of government power and retaliation against these persons and entities who challenge the misuse of government power . " The lawsuit offered no specifics of any targeted surveillance . The Stranges based their allegations on "  information and belief . " They previously filed a lawsuit against the government over the Afghanistan copter crash that killed 38 people . Strange , 25 , and fellow members of his elite SEAL Team VI were killed , along with other American Special Forces , National Guard , and Afghan military troops . The Stranges and other families of those killed have alleged a government cover-up , questioning the official story of the incident . The Stranges say that questioning has made them targets for surveillance . There was no initial response to the surveillance lawsuit from administration officials , including the Justice Department . Freedom Watch head Larry Klayman said in a statement it was necessary to hold the government accountable . "  We can not allow a ` Big Brother , ' Orwellian government spy on the American people to access their confidential communications to effectively turn ` citizens into its prisoners . ' " he said . "  That is why this class action lawsuit , which all Verizon users are welcome to join , no matter what their political persuasion , will serve as the vehicle for a second American revolution , one that is carried out peacefully and legally , but also forcefully . " Other lawsuits over the NSA surveillance program could be filed in coming days by other telecommunications customers . The ACLU , other privacy advocates and individual telecom customers have challenged various National Security Agency programs in the past , but have not been successful in federal courts . The Supreme Court in February blocked a lawsuit over sweeping electronic eavesdropping on Americans potentially linked to suspected foreign terrorists and spies . The Philadelphia case is Klayman v. Obama  1:13 - cv-851  . Second term mostly drama for Obama	Philadelphia couple , ACLU file lawsuits over surveillance Court complaints involve NSA phone monitoring Legal challenges expected to be uphill fight in federal courts President Barack Obama says surveillance necessary and lawful to fight terror
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Justice Department officials blocked liberals and people with Democratic Party ties from a highly selective program that funneled young lawyers into government jobs , according to an internal investigation released Tuesday . A bias against liberals existed in a Justice program meant to hire young lawyers , an investigation found . Esther Slater McDonald , a political appointee at the Justice Department , "  wrote disparaging statements about the candidates ' liberal and Democratic Party affiliations on the applications she reviewed and ... she voted to deselect candidates on that basis , " said the report by Inspector General Glenn Fine . McDonald , who has left the department , refused to be interviewed for the investigation . The report , the first official investigation to document politicization of the Justice Department during the Bush administration , is an offshoot of the larger investigation of Justice Department politics triggered by the furor over the firing of nine U.S. attorneys . It found two of three members of a screening committee considered political views and experience when choosing new lawyers for the Justice Department Honors Program and Summer Law Intern Program . The report found that McDonald and Michael Elston , the chief of staff to Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty , engaged in misconduct , an administrative violation . The third member of the screening committee , career lawyer Dan Fridman , was cleared of any involvement in the politicization of the process . Elston was interviewed by the investigators , who asked him about the role of former Justice Department official Monica Goodling in politicizing the selection process . Elston told investigators he could not recall Goodling telling him to select lawyers who appeared to share Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ' philosophy . Goodling testified before a House panel last year that she had told Elston he should identify such candidates . Goodling directed Elston to lead the selection committee in 2006 . She and Elston have both left the Justice Department . She refused to be interviewed for the inspector general 's report . As a result of the controversy , the hiring process was changed in 2007 to insulate hiring decisions from political considerations . Both Justice Department policy and federal law prohibit discrimination in hiring for career positions on the basis of political affiliations . The report did not find clear evidence that an earlier screening committee took political considerations into account . It says data from 2002 shows a disparity in the hiring of liberal and conservative candidates , but there were no complaints about the committee 's work from 2003 to 2006 , when Goodling put Elston in charge of the process . The report Tuesday is the first of perhaps several to be issued as the broad-ranging investigation into the role partisan politics has played in the Justice Department during the Bush administration . Goodling is expected to be a central figure in later inspector general reports examining efforts to increase the influence of conservatives in the department . The Justice Department Office of Professional Responsibility , a separate watchdog office that monitors prosecutorial conduct , joined in the inspector general 's investigation . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Programs used to select young lawyers for summer interns and honors program Investigation stems from firing of U.S. attorneys in 2006 Members of selection committee screened out liberals and Democrats , report says Hiring process changed in 2007 to stop political bias from occurring
CNN  -- Old and new diplomacy clashed in the flare-up between Egypt and the United States over the arrest and interrogation of Bassem Youssef -- considered the "  Jon Stewart of Egypt " -- who skewers politicians of all stripes on his popular TV show , El Bernameg . In the world of traditional diplomacy , governments had more control over what was said about them and by whom . As the Egyptian and U.S. governments discovered the hard way , that control is long gone in the world of 21st century diplomacy with its 24/7 social media and powerful nongovernmental voices . When Youssef , accused of insulting President Mohamed Morsy and Islam , was summoned for questioning by the Morsy-appointed prosecutor general , this latest repressive action by the Muslim Brotherhood government sparked an international outcry . The response from the United States came in two forms . First , the State Department expressed "  concern " about Youssef 's detention , citing it as "  evidence of a disturbing trend of growing restrictions on the freedom of expression " in Egypt . Then , Jon Stewart mounted an eloquent -- and humorous -- defense of Bassem Youssef and freedom of expression through that well-known diplomatic channel , "  The Daily Show . " In a commendable act of public diplomacy , i.e. , engaging with the people and not just governments , someone from the U.S. Embassy in Cairo tweeted a link to "  The Daily show . " After all , the program addressed a current issue in Egyptian politics , with a humorous message about shared values between Egypt and America , such as freedom of expression . Failing to see the humor in the situation , the Egyptian government and the Muslim Brotherhood struck back . The presidential office tweeted a stern reprimand to the U.S. Embassy : "  It 's inappropriate for a diplomatic mission to engage in such negative political propaganda . " Faced with the choice of appeasing the Egyptian government or defending freedom of speech and dissent -- as practiced by Bassem Youssef and Jon Stewart -- the U.S. Embassy in Cairo chose the former , and shut down its Twitter feed . This decision , reportedly made by Ambassador Anne Patterson , not only violated what the United States allegedly stands for -- the rights of citizens to criticize and hold their governments accountable -- but also displayed a stunning ignorance of how Twitter and , well , the Internet work . Once something is out on Twitter , it 's out . Shutting it down will not expunge it , and will only blow up into a negative story . That is exactly what happened . Within minutes of the shutdown , Twitter was flooded with condemnation of the U.S. government for caving to Muslim Brotherhood pressure and failing to defend basic freedoms . Although the embassy feed was reactivated within an hour , reportedly at Washington 's request , the stories and tweets about the shutdown lingered . That the reinstated embassy feed deleted all tweets about the Youssef case reinforced the sentiment already prevalent in Egypt that the United States sides with Morsy over the Egyptian people . In one act of traditional diplomacy , trying to appease the host government , the U.S. Embassy undermined the good will earned by the nontraditional diplomacy of Jon Stewart . As a television host , Youssef exemplifies "  soft power , " or the power to influence others through attraction . Other spinoffs of "  The Daily Show " in Afghanistan and Iran , among other places , are adopting not only Stewart 's smart and biting humor , but also core American values such as free speech . In our brave new world , where governments and citizens alike are held up to scrutiny of 24/7 media and social media , and where private-sector television shows can wield more influence than governments , walking the walk as well as talking the talk has never been more important . The United States can not present itself as the defender of free speech when it suppresses free speech . In removing the tweets about Bassem Youssef and Jon Stewart , the U.S. Embassy in Cairo undercut its own soft power . Who in Egypt will listen the next time an embassy official talks about the importance of free speech or free media ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Schneider .	Bassem Youssef , the "  Jon Stewart of Egypt , " was arrested for mocking Egypt 's president Cynthia Schneider : In the world of 24/7 social media , old and new diplomacy clashed She says U.S. Embassy should not have closed its Twitter feed after a rebuke from Egypt Schneider : The U.S. must defend free speech , including its actions on the Internet
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- An effort to halt advancing militant Islamist forces has resulted in "  many deaths " in northern Mali , a military spokesman said -- with the fatalities including Malian soldiers , insurgents and a French pilot killed in a helicopter raid . Mali is being joined by France -- its former colonial ruler , which recently sent troops there -- as it tries to beat back advances by forces linked to al Qaeda . Much action recently has focused in and around the key northern city of Konna , which insurgents took on Thursday only to retreat the following day after a combined air and ground assault . "  There were many deaths on both sides , both rebels and government soldiers , " Malian defense ministry spokesman Lt. Col. Diara Kone said Saturday of the fighting in the northern part of the country . The government , in a statement read on state TV , said 11 of its soldiers died and about 60 were wounded in the battle for Konna . The French pilot died while taking part Friday afternoon in an aerial operation targeting a terrorist group moving on the town of Mopti , near Konna , French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said . The aerial offensive -- which includes strikes by French fighter jets -- continued through Friday night and into Saturday , the minister added . "  Every means was used in fighting the Islamists , including two attack helicopters . They sent the Islamists fleeing , " Kone told CNN . "  This shows that the Malian army is capable to fight . " French President Francois Hollande also cheered after "  a blow was delivered and heavy losses were inflicted , " which he credited in part to the efforts of his nation 's troops . "  But our mission is not over , " he said Saturday . The Islamist forces ' movement in recent days from their strongholds in the deserts of northern Mali prompted France to help address what Le Drian called a "  serious " and deteriorating situation , even as France has resisted efforts to get involved in curbing other rebellions in such former colonies as the Central African Republic . Mali 's interim President Dioncounda Traore declared a state of emergency nationwide Friday and called for "  a general mobilization " to defend against the radical Islamists ' advance . State of emergency declared in Mali "  Terrorist groups want to destabilize the country , " the French minister said . "  We are determined to prevent them doing so , within the strict framework of international law . " Radical Islamists make push southward After decades of military rule , Mali held its first democratic elections in 1992 . It remained stable politically until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , saying it had not provided adequate support for them to fight ethnic Tuareg rebels in the country 's largely desert north . Tuareg rebels , who 'd sought independence for decades , took advantage of the power vacuum and seized swaths of land . A power struggle then erupted in the north between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals , who themselves wound up in control of a large area as the Tuaregs retreated . The United Nations says amputations , floggings and public executions -- like the stoning of a couple in July , who 'd reportedly had an affair -- became common in areas controlled by radical Islamists . They applied a strict interpretation of Sharia law by banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and damaged Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines . Read more : Northern Mali a ` magnet for international jihadis ' Already , the armed groups ' activity -- along with a pervasive drought -- has led hundreds of thousands of Malians to be displaced . And the Islamists ' movement southward has raised concerns among leaders in West Africa and elsewhere , some of them calling for swift and decisive military intervention to aid Mali 's government , based in Bamako . The Economic Community of West African States plans to hold an emergency meeting in Abidjan , Ivory Coast , to prepare to send troops to Mali to help government forces , a spokesman for the organization said . The spokesman , Sunny Ugoh , said West African troops are expected to number 3,500 and will operate in the framework of the United Nations resolutions . The meeting will also discuss any "  additional measures need to be taken , " he added . Read more : International leaders push for military intervention in Mali Several hundred French troops have been deployed to Mali , where about 6,000 French citizens live , according to Le Drian . "  Our determination to combat terrorism is total , " the French defense minister said . "  France will do all it can to combat the jihadist groups who have launched this offensive in recent days . " ` The terrorists ' breakthrough must be stopped ' Hollande said the influx of troops from his nation and others is to "  allow Mali to recover its territorial integrity in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions . " "  France , in this operation , is not pursuing any interest ... other than safeguarding a friendly country , and  France  does not have any goal other than fighting against terrorism , " the French president said Saturday . "  That is why its action is supported by the international community and saluted by all African countries . " Though its troops are posted in locations around Africa , French leaders earlier said they would n't send combat troops to Mali and that they 'd scale back France 's military interventions on the continent . So its decision to get involved in Mali , an operation Hollande said "  will last as long as necessary , " underlies the seriousness of France 's concern about the situation there . French hostages have been taken in neighboring Niger by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , and Paris appears intent on containing any further militant expansion in the heart of Africa . Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? "  The terrorists ' breakthrough must be stopped , " said French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius , justifying France 's efforts "  to train and reshape the Malian army . " "  If not ,  all of  Mali falls into their hands , with a threat to the whole of Africa and Europe . " The U.N. Security Council last month authorized a one-year military peacekeeping mission in the country . ECOWAS members pledged thousands of troops , and the Security Council has urged other nations to contribute forces as well . Hollande spoke Saturday evening with British Prime Minister David Cameron , who consented for the United Kingdom to "  provide logistical military assistance to help transport foreign troops and equipment quickly to Mali " -- but no "  British personnel in a combat role " -- a Downing Street spokesman said . France has been in contact with U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta about the situation , as well as its African and European allies , according to Le Drian . The U.S. military is weighing its options -- which could include logistical support and intelligence sharing with France -- said a U.S. defense official , who declined to be named because no decisions have been made . "  This is a serious issue , and ... the United States is committed to going after terrorists wherever they may be in order to protect American interests , but also those of our partners and allies around the world , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said this week . Journalist Katarina Hoije reported from Bamako , while CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Greg Botelho reported and wrote the story from Atlanta . CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers contributed to this report .	NEW : West African states to meet Wednesday to prepare for troop deployment An al Qaeda wing rooted in Mali 's north has advanced , alarming many internationally France joins Malian forces in intervening , and a French pilot is killed in a raid France 's president cheers military progress , but says "  our mission is not over "
CNN  -- The key to understanding the tragedy that was Jonestown lies in the oratory skills of the Peoples Temple founder , Jim Jones . "  He was very charismatic , " Leslie Wagner-Wilson , a Jonestown survivor , says of the Rev. Jim Jones . With the cadence and fervor of a Baptist preacher , the charm and folksiness of a country storyteller and the zeal and fury of a maniacal dictator , Jones exhorted his followers to a fever pitch , audiotapes recovered from Jonestown reveal . As he spoke , they applauded , shouted , cheered . One follower who survived the "  revolutionary suicide " at Jonestown on November 18 , 1978 , said that Jones was the most dynamic speaker he had ever heard . Like all powerful speakers , Jones ' greatest asset was his ability to determine what listeners wanted to hear and give it to them in simple language that appealed to them on an almost instinctual level . "  He was very charismatic , very charismatic , " said Leslie Wilson , who survived that fateful day in Jonestown by walking away from the settlement before the cyanide that killed more than 900 Peoples Temple members was distributed . She was one of 33 people who began the day in Jonestown and lived to tell the tale . "  He could quote scripture and turn around and preach socialism , " she said . "  He appealed to anyone on any level at any time . " Hear Jones declare "  I am God " " Many of his followers were elderly African-Americans drawn to his cause by his soulful delivery and Pentecostal preaching style , including at times speaking in tongues . That hair-raising fervor was perhaps only overshadowed by what he said . "  When I say , I am God , then I feel -LSB- faith -RSB- well up within my soul . And I see it well up in you , and I see the sick healed , and the blind see , and the dead raised . ... You wan na know how I feel , I never feel so good as when I say I am God , " he shouted in a full-throated roar in a 1972 sermon . Jones further enraptured crowds with faith healings -- laying hands on disabled or sick people who would miraculously be cured of any ailments . Though insiders later revealed that these healings were staged , Jones ' mastery of word and presentation left few in attendance with any doubts about his abilities . He also indoctrinated many young , idealistic liberal white people in progressive 1970s California with the themes of socialism , equality and political activism . And he justified his brand of socialism with the Bible for those recruited from more conservative religious factions , who might have found such left-wing ideas tough to swallow . "  The only ethic by which we can lift mankind today is some form of socialism , " he said in another 1972 sermon . "  There 's a smattering of it in the , in the New Testament . It 's very evidently clear on the day of Pentecost that they that believed were together and had all things common . " Socialism , he said , is "  older than the Bible by far . " But by the time Jones and many of his followers completed a lengthy relocation from California to Jonestown in Guyana in 1977 , he had begun to change as a speaker . His trademark passionate delivery gave way to blind fury and incredible rage . Listen to the rage of Jim Jones " "  I been tired for 25 years , " the 47-year-old Jones preached in 1978 , his voice rising steadily in pitched anger . "  I 'm tired of looking at people 's faces that do n't give a f -- for 25 years , I watch and they do n't give a g ------ . You can lay it out in front of them , and they will not listen . They will not read . They will not do anything , and that 's why I have to suffer every day and all night and all through the hours , because I will have nobody but a few that will carry the burden with me . Because you hide yourself away in ignorance . " His rages created a fear that cemented the hold he had on his followers . He also used a "  divide and conquer " method among his followers . "  What Jones did was try to break all ties that were not to him , " said former believer Vernon Gosney . "  Transfer all that loyalty , all that bonding to him . And so families were broken apart . Relationships were divided . " Such divisions caused family members to spy and report on one another , or friends to turn in friends for various transgressions . Jones furthered the poisonous atmosphere among his followers by encouraging physical fighting to either solve problems or administer punishment . Audiotapes of such sessions reveal Jones laughing , apparently entertained . Jones ' mastery of the spoken word also enabled his many sexual exploits with both female and male followers . Jones deftly justified his actions to his followers by saying that what he did to them was actually for their own benefit , or the benefit of making the church a stronger , tighter-knit organization . He preached that many of his male followers were in denial about their homosexuality , conditioning those followers to accept him if he approached with a sexual advance . And he defused any accusations of sexual perversion on his part by claiming that he gained no personal pleasure from his acts , which he called a "  great sacrifice . " "  And if the leader is attracted to you , then somehow that cultivates , " Jones said during a temple meeting in 1978 . "  Well , you ought to know I 'm attracted to you , I 'm ready to die for every one of you , so that means I 'm attracted to you . You follow what I 'm saying ? I 'm attracted to all of you . How much more attraction can you have than to be ready to have your eyes plucked out ? " By the end at Jonestown , Jones was more rock star than preacher . His sermons and remarks at meetings were littered with obscenities . He regularly had sex with his followers and he abused drugs . By the last month of Jonestown 's existence , Jones was so intoxicated at times that he had great difficulty even reading the news aloud to his followers . As the end drew near , Jones ' tone as a speaker took darker turns . He constantly fed his followers in Guyana a steady diet of fatalism . "  I said , life is a f ------ disease , " he said . "  It 's worse than cancer . It 's a disease . And there 's only one cure for the sonofabitchin ' disease . That 's death . And socialists can only take one form of death . What is it ? Fight a goddamn war , or revolutionary suicide . If you do n't believe life 's a disease , then you 're dumb . Very dumb . " Spurred on by their leader 's talk , Peoples Temple members were ready to follow Jones even into death . At his request , they even wrote personal notes to him expressing their willingness to die for their cause . Some followers willing to die " This was the ultimate test of loyalty , and the absolute testimony to the power of his words . As history shows , Jim Jones the orator was chillingly effective . Listen to final 45 minutes at Jonestown "	Rev. Jim Jones was charismatic founder of the Peoples Temple He enraptured followers with dynamic preaching style , staged faith healings Jones had sex with followers , abused drugs and cursed at church members In 1978 , he persuaded followers to kill children first ; then drink cyanide-laced punch
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani security forces say they have killed at least 16 militants overnight in the country 's volatile tribal region . Pakistani security personnel patrol the Buner district . This appears to be separate from the hostilities in the military 's week-long crackdown in northwestern Pakistan against a Taliban militant advance in the country 's North West Frontier Province . However , this reflects the tensions in the region and could signal a spread of fighting resulting from the crackdown . The Pakistani offensive started in the province on Sunday and it came after Taliban militants moved into Buner district last week , a move that alarmed U.S. and Pakistani officials . In this latest incident , about 100 militants attacked a Frontier Corps checkpost in the Mohmand Agency , an area where militants hold great sway . Troops returned fire and killed the 16 militants , the military said . Mohmand is in the country 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas that borders a volatile region in war-torn Afghanistan and Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . The military on Saturday released details about other incidents in the province that occurred over the last 24 hours . Troops conducted a successful operation against militants in the district , in the Ambela-Daggar area in the Buner district . They secured a key road and cleared roadside bombs , the military said . In the province 's Upper Dir district , militants abducted and then released 10 troops and seized their weaponry and ammunition . And two civilians were wounded when militants lobbed hand grenades . In the province 's Swat district , militants attacked a security forces checkpost on Khawazakhela Bridge and Sambat Ridge . In Langer , security forces and militants exchanged fire and forces found military uniforms that militants were using for terrorist activity . Three Afghan nationals were among five militants arrested while planting a roadside bomb . Earlier this year , Pakistan entered into an agreement with militants , allowing them to enforce Islamic , or sharia , in parts of Swat Valley in exchange for ceasing violence . The Swat Valley is a broader area that includes several provincial districts , including Chitral , Swat , Shangla , Malakand , Upper Dir , and Lower Dir . But Pakistani officials say the armed militants ' advance into Buner district violated the agreement and briefly halted peace talks between both sides in North West Frontier Province . Representatives from Pakistan 's government and the Taliban restarted their negotiations on Friday and were planning to have another session soon , a provincial spokesman said . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , which have rankled relations between the two countries .	Pakistani security forces kill at least 16 militants in country 's tribal region Pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on Taliban 100 militants attacked a checkpost and Pakistani troops returned fire
CNN  -- Every year on World AIDS Day , old-timers like me are trotted out to say a few words to well-motivated audiences , while over the years , the over-riding themes become more empty and banal . The international theme for World AIDS Day from 2011 to 2015 is "  Getting to zero , " which UNAIDS defines as zero new HIV infections , zero discrimination and zero AIDS-related deaths . This strikes me as frankly preposterous for the simple reason that such a goal remains so patently unachievable . Of course World AIDS Day provides a welcome opportunity for AIDS charities and others to discuss the latest statistics in public , but one can not escape the feeling that it all amounts to little more than a convenient excuse for government departments to shrug off the whole issue . On December 2 the whole subject may be conveniently forgotten for another 12 months . The availability of effective treatment drugs from 1996 onwards had an immediate impact on mortality rates throughout the developed world and beyond , with the result that few people under 30 have experienced multiple loss on anything remotely like the same scale as previous generations . Yet today far more gay men of all age groups in many countries including Britain are now living with HIV than ever before . Overall rates of new infections remain high . In the UK , 6,364 new cases were reported last year , compared to 2,938 in 1998 . And reported infections among gay men in the UK reached an all-time high . Unsurprisingly perhaps , the young are disproportionately affected , not because they have some of death wish , but for the simple reason that they were not born when my generation began setting up the first AIDS-related charities and self-help groups and grass-roots education campaigns , and many have had no access whatever to targeted HIV education . Many older gay men like me are cautious about sounding like AIDS bores , and often feel obliged to censor what we say about our own experience and emotions . So ironically , younger gay men hear little or nothing about the complex realities of the epidemic , or its history , from which many feel emotionally distanced . Taboo subject If anything the subject is more taboo than ever . This is why it makes me furious whenever I hear the word apathy used of young gay men in relation to HIV , as if they had some kind of magical access to helpful , reliable advice and information , when nothing could be further from the truth . In the 21st century , HIV has largely disappeared into its own particular closet , for understandable reasons . Who after all would choose to be primarily defined in public by a medical diagnosis of any kind ? This has however had the consequence of hiding the epidemic in our midst . The triumphalist rhetoric surrounding the whole issue of treatment these days can alas all too easily serve to undermine prevention work . Messages intended to reassure the newly-infected may be taken by the uninfected as an invitation to minimize the significance of contracting HIV in the first place , or for that matter of infecting others , and only serve to establish the general impression that HIV is in fact no big deal . Just what is so bad then about becoming HIV positive in 2013 ? What is not initially apparent to many is the fact that while it is easy to get infected , this can not be reversed . Nothing is said about the fact that following diagnosis there stretches a lifetime relationship to doctors and the world of specialist clinics and primary care . Nothing is said about the need for regular monitoring , and regular compliance with your medication . Most of us come to take this in our stride , but it none the less tethers one daily to the fact of infection and the associations of mortality with which it is inevitably associated . Widespread stigma Nothing prepares you for the sensation that is very like extreme jet-lag which sets in within an hour or so of taking standard daily anti-HIV medication . Nothing prepares you for waking screaming most nights from hideous chemically-induced nightmares . Nothing is said about the widespread stigma experienced by most HIV + gay men , not least from our frequently ignorant and prejudiced gay peers . And nothing whatsoever is said about the fact that if you stop taking your drugs you are highly likely to die a very unpleasant death . All of us involved in the long-term community-based response to HIV have long understood that it is both pointless and dishonest to try to scare people into behavior change by pretending that HIV is still an automatic death sentence . It remains , however , a life sentence , and one which over time is likely to profoundly affect one 's relationships with other people , from friends and lovers to family members , and it strikes me as misguided folly not to make it very clear to everyone that HIV remains a potentially life-threatening and incurable disease . In relation to HIV I think we can identify two relatively distinct sets of pressing contemporary issues . One concerns the long-term psychological impact for older gay men of living through a disaster of such duration , which is still so easily forgotten by everyone around us . The other concerns the need for targeted support and education for African residents in the UK and gay men , especially relating to the advantages of regular HIV testing which should be understood as a fundamental aspect of self-care . The issues are complicated by the fact that so many gay men grow up with a radically impaired sense of self worth , and there has long been a yawning gulf between excessive attention to physical fitness and appearances , and neglect of our inner emotional well-being . Slow-motion catastrophe In these circumstances the A-word that interests me is not apathy , imagined as a form of culpable voluntary moral failing , but alliances , above all between different generations of gay men who share such closely parallel contemporary challenges . All too often such vast global problems as global warming or the crisis of the banking system end up merely sapping our energy since it seems so hard for individuals to feel that we can make any measurable improvements . Yet this is not the case in relation to HIV , where there are clear practical targets which could be achieved with sufficient collective determination . This is not a vague general question of "  Getting to zero " as UNAIDS so unhelpfully frames it , but by contrast of working towards specific achievable local goals . The early fight against AIDS was fought and largely won above all as a cultural achievement on the part of often small grass-roots organizations rooted in traditions of self-help . This is precisely why campaigns to normalize testing are so important , alongside the clear medical advantages of knowing one 's own HIV status . It is fashionable in some quarters to attack condom education , but it can not be sufficiently emphasized that most gay men have got through the epidemic without getting infected because they have indeed been diligent in their use . This is not necessarily always as easy as it may sound . But whatever else may be in the pipeline by way of chemical prophylaxis , it remains every bit as important today as it was 30 years ago when the idea and practice of safer sex was first invented in New York , that any gay man getting fucked who is not 100 % confident about his partner 's HIV status should insist on their using a condom . If the rates of new infections among gay men were occurring within any other population group , I think there would be riots on the streets . Almost 30 years ago , in my first book on AIDS , I wrote that until gay men are provided with adequate resources to fight this ongoing slow-motion catastrophe in our midst , "  it will be difficult not to conclude that we are regarded in our entirety as a disposable population . " Yes , much has changed , especially in the West , but sadly in many parts of the world that day has evidently yet to dawn . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Simon Watney .	World AIDS Day theme "  getting to zero " is a goal that remains patently unachievable , Watney says The young are disproportionately affected "  because they have no access to targeted HIV education " HIV may no longer be an automatic death sentence , "  but it is still a life sentence , " Watney says New alliances between different generations of gay men , and achievable local goals , are required
CNN  -- Tuesday 's midterm elections marked a new milestone for women in American politics . For the first time in the nation 's history , the number of women in Congress will reach 100 . Is that cause for celebration ? No , not at all . Think about that number for a moment . Having 100 women out of 535 legislators  435 representatives , 100 senators  means that more than 80 % of the country 's federal legislators are still men . And we 've seen how well that is working out . Sure , women made some gains -- bravo . But the total female representation will rise by about 1 % . Again , let 's put away the champagne . Obviously , the best candidate -- man or woman -- should be the one we choose in each circumstance . But the comparatively low number of women with political power in Washington should concern us all . The embarrassingly small percentage is far lower than in most advanced democracies . No one doubts that Americans have to fix the dysfunctional U.S. political system . There is reason to believe that electing more women to Capitol Hill could help repair the problems that have made Americans of both parties lose faith in Congress . Women usually enter politics because they want to solve a problem , because they see a policy issue they want to address , according to Debbie Walsh , director of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University . In general , women run for office to accomplish something . Men usually run because they want to pursue a political career . Today , Congress is not a place to find solutions , so many women who want to make a difference look elsewhere . That 's one of the reasons that we do n't have more women leaders . There are also the challenges of raising vast sums of money , which are more easily surmounted by well-connected men . Women tend to enter politics later , which leaves less time to build power and recruit other women into the field . And there 's the fact that incumbents almost always win . Anything that preserves the status quo tends to preserve the gender imbalance . Do n't blame voters for the low number of women in Congress . When women do run , they win in similar numbers as men , says Walsh . Once in office , women tend to function more as consensus builders than men do . Of course , there are exceptions . But women on both sides of the aisle seem better at listening to those with whom they disagree . Women senators , Democrats and Republicans , have been having regular dinner together for years , exchanging views , building bridges . There is growing evidence that women are more effective at building bipartisan support for legislation . It was Susan Collins who led a group of women senators to find a way out of that awful congressional spectacle in 2003 -- the 2003 government shutdown . On Tuesday night , there were many firsts for women , and each one is a great story . The Senate will have its first female combat veteran when Joni Ernst is sworn in , joining a small group of women veterans now serving in the House . Incredibly , Ernst is the first woman from Iowa elected to either chamber . Let me repeat -- in all the history of the Republic , Iowa -- that epicenter of presidential primary politics -- never , not once , elected a woman to Congress . If Ernst smashed the stereotype of the combat veteran and broke a dismal statistical record , how about Mia Love , the first black woman ever elected to Congress as a member of the Republican Party ? The charismatic 38-year-old Love has an inspiring American story . She is the child of Haitian immigrants , who converted to Mormonism and ran for office -- in Utah -- as a champion of conservative self-reliance . The story of women in American politics is one of persistent and very-slowly-eroding inequality . To break that pattern , more women need to run on both parties . Each victory is a sign to other women that politics is a field where they can succeed . And , as it happens , success for women would give the entire country , Democrats and Republics , a real reason to celebrate .	Tuesday night marked the first time in America in which Congress has 100 women Frida Ghitis : Put away the champagne ; more than 80 % of Congress still men She says women leaders are are consensus builders and focused on solving problems Ghitis : If the U.S. has more female leaders , maybe Congress can actually do a good job
CNN  -- The German Bundesliga has overtaken the English Premier League as the most profitable in the world , according to financial analysts Deloitte . Despite predicting that the Premier League 's revenue will top $ 2.8 billion in the season just gone , Deloitte said clubs ' profitability has more than halved between the 2007-08 season and the 2008-09 campaign . Deloitte 's annual review of football finance also showed that the total European football market grew to a record $ 19.3 billion in 2008-09 . According to Dan Jones , a partner in the firm 's Sports Business Group , the reason the Bundesliga has leapfrogged the Premier League is due to its clubs ' control of wages . "  The simplest measure to explain why the Bundesliga has overtaken the Premier League is that their clubs exercise more restraint over the wage bill , " he told CNN . "  In the Premier League , the wages to revenue ratio is 67 percent , but it is just 51 percent in the Bundesliga . There are two reasons for this . Firstly , the licensing of clubs is stricter in Germany in terms of the financial regulations they have to adhere to . "  Secondly , rather than being private enterprises under the control of an individual , like Roman Abramovich at Chelsea , clubs are under control of the fans . "  The clubs ' fans are required to own 50 percent plus one of the shares -- with the exception of Wolfsburg and Bayer Leverkusen , who are owned by corporations . " Are English clubs worth the investment ? Jones said the Premier League should be "  streets ahead " of its German counterpart in profitability , due to the huge television revenue it receives . But Deloitte 's figures show that although Premier League clubs managed to increase their revenue by three percent in 2008-09 , operating profits were reduced from $ 267 million in 2007-08 to $ 114 million in 2008-09 . This is largely due to increased wage levels , with statistics revealing the $ 70 million increase in Premier League clubs ' revenue was less than half the $ 190 million increase in wage costs . Deloitte believes that trend can not continue , but predicts the Premier League 's new broadcast contracts will drive revenue up to over $ 3 billion in 2010-11 . Fans keep football afloat So , why does football seem to be immune to the financial pressures being felt by many industries across the globe ? "  Football has got an incredible amount of customer loyalty , which helps . A lot of clubs have been fairly good at freezing or cutting their prices , " Jones said . "  It is a fairly accepted truth that live sports audiences are about as good as it gets for broadcasters . People will get together to watch it , it inspires those water-cooler moments . "  If you want live sports as a broadcaster then you 're going to want the biggest sport in the world , and if you want the biggest league in the world then you want the Premier League . " ` Spectacular mismanagement ' As for Portsmouth , who became the first club in Premier League history to sink into administration this season and were subsequently relegated , Jones thinks their situation was an anomaly . "  We see clubs get into difficulty because performance on the pitch is poor , with relegation and the like , but with Portsmouth actually performing well and winning an FA Cup , for them to be in this situation it has to be a fairly spectacular case of mismanagement . " Deloitte also warned that Premier League clubs would have make the necessary adjustments to their business plans to meet European governing body UEFA 's target of becoming "  break even " by 2013-14 .	German Bundesliga overtakes the English Premier League as world 's most profitable Deloitte say this is due to the German clubs ' tighter control on wages Premier League revenues set to top $ 2.8 billion in season 2010-11 Figures show European football market grew to a record $ 19.3 billion in 2008-09
If the CIA did , in fact , secretly remove classified documents from Senate computers during an oversight probe , there will be consequences , the chairman of the House Intelligence committee told CNN Wednesday . "  We 're going to have to unwind this , find out what the truth is , " Republican Mike Rogers of Michigan told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day . " "  If someone broke the law , they 're going to have to pay the penalty . " Rogers ' comments followed Tuesday 's accusation by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , that the CIA removed some documents from her staff 's computers in the middle of an oversight investigation . Feinstein said the CIA searched Senate computers last year because they believed the panel 's investigators might have gained access to materials on an internal review they were not authorized to see . The committee launched a full-blown investigation after learning in an initial review that the CIA had "  withheld and destroyed information about its detention and interrogation program . " Her concern is that the search may have violated federal law regarding domestic spying as well as congressional oversight responsibilities under the Constitution . Just the fact that Feinstein would publicly make the accusation indicates there is something to it , Rogers said . "  It 's troubling to see this , but I do have immense respect for Sen. Feinstein , " Rogers said . "  If she 's going down to the floor , she clearly believes that something untoward happened . " CIA Director John Brennan , speaking to the Council on Foreign Relations Tuesday , denied the accusations , saying "  nothing could be further from the truth . " Rogers expressed concern about the situation , but declined to speculate . On one hand , he said , there is a need to get to the bottom of the accusations so that it does n't prevent the CIA from doing its work . On the other hand , if laws were broken , it would destroy the legislative-CIA relationship , he said . The Inspector General has referred to the issue to the Department of Justice , he said . The Justice Department is looking at whether to launch an investigation involving the committee 's review of millions of documents at a Virginia facility and counterclaims by the CIA about Intelligence Committee staffers gaining access to things they should n't have seen . There is plenty of oversight cooperation between the CIA and Congress , Rogers said , and these accusations should not taint the entire agency . Feinstein says CIA spied on Senate computers Opinion : Feinstein is no bomb thrower	Rep. Mike Rogers wants to get to the bottom of the accusations against CIA If Sen. Dianne Feinstein made the accusation , there may be something there , he says He wants to make sure that no laws were broken
