CNN  -- A series of cryptic tweets and the announcement of a news conference sparked speculation that the five surviving members of British comedy troupe Monty Python may be about to reunite . And one of the members appears to have let the cat out of the bag , telling the BBC that a reunion is indeed happening . "  We 're getting together and putting on a show -- it 's real , " Terry Jones told the BBC , adding : "  I 'm quite excited about it . I hope it makes us a lot of money . I hope to be able to pay off my mortgage ! " The news conference will be in London on Thursday . Member Eric Idle tweeted Tuesday that there was a "  Python meeting this morning , " after tweeting Monday : "  Only three days to go till the Python press conference . Make sure Python fans are alerted to the big forthcoming news event . " The public relations agency that sent out the invitations to the news conference declined to confirm it was to announce a reunion , saying : "  All will be revealed on Thursday . " Michael Palin , John Cleese , Terry Gilliam , Terry Jones , Eric Idle and the late Graham Chapman became comedic legends with the creation of Monty Python 's Flying Circus in October 1969 . Read more : What is Monty Python ? They produced 45 TV episodes for the BBC and five feature films together before going their separate ways in 1983 . The shows mostly consisted of a string of barely coherent sketches , often lacking conventional punch lines and loosely tied together by Gilliam 's stream of consciousness animations . The group dressed as old ladies , dressed as transvestite lumberjacks , performed sketches about pompous middle class men , used catchphrases such as "  And now for something completely different , " and sang amusing ditties such as "  Spam , spam , spam , spam , spam , spam , spam , spam ... " Read more : 40 years of silliness Although the TV show ran for only four seasons , it proved a massive cult hit when it was shown in the United States beginning in 1974 -- just as the show was winding up on the other side of the Atlantic . That success spawned a series of spin-off productions , including the films "  Monty Python and the Holy Grail , " the Bible-baiting "  Monty Python 's Life of Brian " and "  Monty Python 's The Meaning of Life " as well as "  Live at the Hollywood Bowl . " Many of today 's comedians cite Python as a key influence , and its influence can be seen in comedy shows including "  The Daily Show " and "  The Simpsons . " Read more : Gilliam reveals world of Monty Python art	NEW : Terry Jones tells the BBC that a reunion is happening The comedy group Monty Python 's Flying Circus was formed in October 1969 They produced 45 TV episodes for the BBC and five feature films before separating in 1983 Ex-Python Eric Idle has tweeted that there will be "  a big forthcoming news event "
CNN  -- The deputy speaker of Britain 's House of Commons said Sunday the allegations of rape and sexual assault leveled against him are false . Nigel Evans also said the incident has left him with "  a sense of incredulity " because he considered the two accusers his friends . "  Yesterday I was interviewed by the police concerning two complaints - one of which dates back four years , made by two people who are well-known to each other , and who until yesterday I regarded as friends , " he said in a statement . "  The complaints are completely false and I can not understand why they have been made , especially as I have continued to socialise with one as recently as last week . " Evans was arrested Saturday in northwest England . Lancashire police did not confirm the identity of the man , but they said they had released a 55-year-old man on bail after questioning him Saturday over offenses alleged by two men in their 20s . One man alleged he was raped and , in a separate incident , another other man alleged he was sexually assaulted , a police spokesperson told CNN by telephone . The offenses are alleged "  to have been committed in Pendleton between July 2009 and March 2013 , " according to a statement released by police . The man was ordered to appear at the police station on June 19 , according to the police spokesperson . British Prime Minister David Cameron has been made aware of the arrest , said another source , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . Evans , who is 55 , has been a conservative member of parliament since 1992 . He served as vice chairman of the Tory Party between 1999 and 2001 . He was elected deputy speaker of the House of Commons in 2010 . Evans came out as gay during a newspaper interview in late 2010 , and has since made a name for himself as a prominent gay rights activist in England . In his statement Sunday , Evans said he appreciated the way "  the police have handled this in such a sensitive manner . " He then thanked those who have expressed their support and "  like me , a sense of incredulity at these events . "	Evans says he considered the accusers his friends "  The complaints are completely false , " he says The allegations involve two men in their 20s , the police say Evans was elected deputy speaker of the House of Commons in 2010
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman , a former Democrat who sits with Democratic caucus , said Tuesday that he would not rule out running for re-election in 2012 as a Republican . Lieberman angered his colleagues in the Democratic caucus this week by threatening to torpedo health care legislation if it contains a government-run public health insurance or an expansion of Medicare . Lieberman said he was n't sure which party , if any , he would represent in his next election . "  I like being an independent , so that 's definitely a possibility , " the Connecticut senator said . "  But I 'd say all options are open . " He called running as a Republican "  unlikely " but added that he would n't "  foreclose any possibility . " "  I 've reached the stage in my career where I 'm not measuring every step I take based on how it 's going to affect the next election , " Lieberman said . "  I think if you do that , you end up compromising the quality of your service . " In 2000 , Lieberman was Al Gore 's running mate when Democrats lost the closest presidential national election in U.S. history . Six years later , he was defeated in the Democratic primary and then ran as an independent to win re-election to the Senate . Lieberman still sits with the Democratic caucus , which holds 60 seats in the 100-member Senate , the minimum amount necessary to overcome a filibuster . That dynamic allowed Lieberman to assert his will in the health care debate by threatening to join a Republican filibuster if the health care bill contained the public option or Medicare expansion he opposes . He acknowledged that his stance angered Democratic colleagues but said he acted on principle , not politics . "  I knew some of them were upset about positions I 'd taken , " Lieberman said . "  But like each of them , I did n't get elected by telling my voters in Connecticut that I would follow the majority of my caucus even if I thought on some things they were wrong . We each have to do what we think is right . " Taking a stand in the polarized political environment means "  a bunch of people will think you 've done something great and a bunch of people will think you 've done something awful , " Lieberman said . However , Lieberman 's stance on the health care bill could prompt a backlash from liberal Democrats . He was criticized by liberal groups , and even his wife -- who formerly worked for a pharmaceutical company -- was targeted . "  I 've done what I thought was right , but it 's no fun to have your colleagues be angry at you , " Lieberman said . "  It 's no fun to have your wife attacked . But , you know , you got to do what you think is right . "	Independent senator 's stance on health care has angered some Democrats "  All options are open , " former Democrat says of re-election race Lieberman still sits with Democratic caucus in Senate
CNN  -- The man destined to become leader of the world 's most populous nation will sit in the halls of power in Beijing , but a part of him remains in the American heartland . Xi Jinping 's visit to the United States last February included expected stops in Washington and trade meetings in California . Even an NBA game . But the part Xi , 59 , looked most forward to was an evening in Muscatine , Iowa . He wanted to visit "  old friends " he 'd met on a trip to Iowa almost 30 years ago . Rewind to a time when Mikhail Gorbachev was ascending to the leadership of the Soviet Communist Party , Terry Anderson was taken hostage in Lebanon and Tiananmen Square was just another place in Beijing . Xi arrived in Muscatine for two weeks in April 1985 with a Chinese delegation looking into farming technology . The next leader of the powerful communist state -- he is expected to take the helm early next year -- got a first-hand look at how American capitalists do agriculture . Doyle Tubandt , president of Muscatine Foods Corp. , recalled how Xi discussed globalization , its scope then unimaginable to many Americans . As major Chinese leadership change begins , questions swirl Tubandt marveled at today 's global economy . His own company now exports food and pet products to China . Back then , he escorted Xi on a tour of a corn processing plant . At times , the language barrier was hard to overcome . How do you translate words such as centrifuge ? Tubandt gestured heavily and drew drawings in the sand to explain things to his Chinese visitor . He kept a tin of black tea that Xi presented to him as a memento of the visit . After all these years , the tin is preserved half full . Tubandt was one of 14 people invited to a private dinner with Xi at the circa 1866 Victorian home of Sara Lande in February . They had all met Xi on his first trip . Then , Xi had dined on Iowa beef and corn . Lande decided to go up a notch on elegance for China 's next leader . Her menu boasted tenderloin , spring rolls and bacon-wrapped scallops . "  You were the first group of Americans I came into contact with , " Xi told his Iowa friends . "  To me , you are America . " Xi 's visit was a big deal for Muscatine , a small eastern Iowa town known for farming , the largest Heinz plant outside of Pittsburgh and factories that used to spit out billions of mother-of-pearl buttons . That was before the refinement of plastic . As Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad put it : This is the biggest thing to hit Muscatine since Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1979 . Branstad , who also met Xi in 1985 , was invited to the dinner hosted by Lande . "  We consider you a great friend of Iowa , " Branstad told Xi , according to The Muscatine Journal . "  We are so appreciative you chose to come to Muscatine and to Iowa . " Xi also visited a farm near Maxwell , Iowa , in February , and while in the state , he and other Chinese officials signed a five-year cooperation deal with Washington on food security , food safety and sustainable agriculture . Three challenges for China 's next leaders Chris Steinbach , the Journal 's former editor , told CNN that he had received thousands of e-mails from journalists around the world who were curious about Xi 's visit . "  It 's obviously a pretty big deal , " Steinbach said . "  You never know what will come as a result of this kitchen-table diplomacy . " That kind of one-on-one relationship made an impression on Xi on his first trip to Iowa . "  When you get the opportunity to meet somebody in their home or in a private setting , you get to know them differently than at a state dinner , " Steinbach said . "  Clearly that worked on Mr. Xi when he was here 27 years ago . " Now , as China 's ruling Communist Party convenes its 18th National Congress , the world wonders what course the global power will chart under new leadership . What will the future bring for America 's relationship with the Asian giant ? In Iowa , some people know this : that sometimes , it pays to sit on a couch , in front of a blazing fire and build a bridge to friendship . And that even after Xi assumes China 's top post , he will keep Muscatine close to his heart .	Xi Jinping visited Iowa in 1985 and returned earlier this year to Muscatine to visit "  old friends " On his first trip to Iowa , Xi learned about agriculture techniques from farmers He considers his Iowa friends the best of America
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Investigators of singer Whitney Houston 's death have wrapped up the logistical part of their inquiry by having contacted all physicians and pharmacies with ties to Houston , and nothing so far appears criminal , sources close to the investigation said Friday . Authorities , however , said they 're still reviewing additional medical information that will be used in their final ruling on her cause of death , and Houston 's toxicology report should be complete "  on or around March 23rd , " the sources told CNN . Officials are still trying to speak with Houston 's only child , Bobbi Kristina Brown , 18 , before closing the case , the sources said . Investigators have contacted her relatives , but it 's unclear whether the daughter will agree to be interviewed , sources said . The daughter was interviewed briefly by Beverly Hills police the day her mother died , but she was too distraught to offer helpful information , the sources said . She was taken twice to a Los Angeles hospital briefly after her mother 's death , a source close to the family said last month . Houston , 48 , died February 11 in her room at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the day before the music industry gathered for the annual Grammy Awards in Los Angeles . Last month , officials with the Los Angeles County coroner 's office said her body had no visible signs of trauma and foul play was n't suspected . Her cause of death was listed last month as "  deferred , " officials said . More official details on the investigation have n't been released because the Beverly Hills Police Department was granted a "  security hold " on the case , the coroner 's office said . Common in high-profile cases , the hold restricts the release of information in a case . Authorities have said that police and fire officials were called to Houston 's room at the Beverly Hilton after her unconscious body was found in the bathtub , just hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy party at the hotel . Houston won six Grammys and sold 170 million albums , singles and videos over her career . A Los Angeles County coroner official last month downplayed the suspicion that drugs had played a major role in her death . Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said that "  not many prescription bottles " were found in the singer 's hotel room after her death . The amount of medications recovered by investigators was less than usually present in deaths attributed to overdoses , Winter said . "  I know there are reports that she maybe was drowned or did she overdose , but we wo n't make a final determination until all the tests are in , " he said last month . In recent years , the singer 's accomplishments were overtaken by her struggles with drug addiction .	Investigators have contacted all the doctors and pharmacies tied to Houston , sources say Nothing criminal has been found so far in her death , sources say Toxicology results could be completed by March 23 or so , sources say Houston , 48 , died in her Beverly Hills hotel room ; she had battled substance abuse
CNN  -- A suicide bomber blew up a booby-trapped car , killing three soldiers and wounding four others at an army checkpoint in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley , according to the National News Agency  NNA  . The army said it has secured the area in Arsal , a town on the Syrian border , and is investigating the Saturday bombing . Lebanese Prime Minister Tammam Salam condemned the attack on the Army post as "  a repugnant terrorist act . " He said : "  Operations of the sort will not affect the crucial political decision taken to combat terrorism and all forms of security breach , " according to NNA . Hezbollah , which has a strong presence in the Bekaa Valley and supports the Syrian government in that country 's civil war , condemned the bombing . "  This -LSB- attack -RSB- proves that terrorism is , beyond any doubt , the enemy of all , without exception , " it said , according to NNA . A group operating under the name Free Sunni Brigade in Baalbek claimed responsibility for the attack via Twitter . It claimed responsibility for a suicide attack earlier this month , that was later disputed by a more influential jihadi group . Mohammed Tawfeeq	Three soldiers are killed in a suicide car bomb attack at a checkpoint Prime Minister calls it a "  repugnant terrorist act . " Hezbollah has also condemned the attack as a terrorist act .
CNN  -- A New York airport screener who removed two pipes from a traveler 's bag and set them aside Monday morning prompted a security scare six hours later when the next shift saw the pipes and feared they might be pipe bombs , local and federal officials said . The incident at New York 's LaGuardia Airport began at 11:30 a.m. when a screener discovered unidentifiable items inside a passenger 's carry-on bag . The officer screened the item for explosives , determined them not to be a threat and cleared the passenger through the checkpoint , a Transportation Security Administration official said . But the officer prevented the metal item from going through because of its "  material and appearance , " a TSA official said . When the next shift arrived , one officer saw the items and mistakenly believed they were test objects , used to check screener proficiency . When that officer later learned they were not test items , the officer alerted others , and the TSA contacted the Port Authority Police Department , responsible for protecting the airport . "  No one could give a good account of what it was , so we did the safe thing and called  the  NYPD bomb squad , " Port Authority Police Department spokesman Al Della Fave told CNN . The bomb squad removed the devices at 5:30 p.m. -- six hours after they were taken from the passenger . The devices were taken to a remote location for examination or disposal , one official said . "  We have still not been told what it was or what it was composed of , " Della Fave said . Several law enforcement sources told CNN the objects were determined to be homeopathic medical devices . TSA officials said the checkpoint was not closed , nor was the terminal evacuated , during the incident . The bomb squad was called "  out of an abundance of caution , " the TSA said . Port authority spokesman Della Fave said the police force will "  speak with their  TSA  supervisors to determine how or why this breakdown in communications took place so it wo n't happen again . " CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	A TSA officer coming on duty spotted two devices That started events that resulted in the NYPD bomb squad being called The devices had been removed from a traveler 's bag earlier but were not a threat The bomb squad was called "  out of an abundance of caution , " the TSA says
CNN  -- A Lumpkin , Georgia police officer who repeatedly tasered a 57-year-old woman violated police policy but resigned before he could be fired , a city attorney said Thursday . Lumpkin City Attorney William Nesmith said an internal police investigation revealed former officer Ryan Smith inappropriately tasered Janice Wells earlier this year . The incident , caught on a patrol-car dash-camera tape that was released this week by Wells ' attorney , cost Smith and another officer involved their jobs . Wells called police on April 26 because she thought there was a prowler on her property in west Georgia , her attorney , Gary Parker said . Police officer Tim Murphy of the Richland Police Department arrived and found Wells at her home with a guest who had been visiting but was leaving , Parker said . The officer asked for the guest 's name , and when Wells declined to give it to the officer , he threatened to arrest her for obstruction of justice , Parker said . The police report of the incident has a slightly different take on the situation . According to the report , officer Murphy was responding to a call regarding an "  unwanted guest " at Wells ' home . When the officer arrived , Wells said that she wanted the guest , a man , to leave her property , according to the report . The cop asked the man to leave , and then asked Wells what his full name was . She declined and he said he would arrest her . What ensued was that Murphy tried unsuccessfully to arrest Wells and called for backup . Smith , of the Lumpkin Police Department , responded and tasered the woman during the incident . Wells was "  peppered sprayed about four times and Tasered 11 to 12 times , " Parker said . "  You can hear the  stun  gun going off , you can hear her screaming . " "  Do n't do that , do n't do it ! " Wells can be heard shouting on the dashcam video . On the video , it sounds as though she was stunned about four times . Despite the different versions of what led to the use of the stun gun , the police departments of Richland and Lumpkin were quick to move to discipline both officers . Murphy was fired , Richland County Attorney Tommy Coleman said . Smith , the officer who used the stun gun , resigned and went to another police department before receiving a termination letter written by Lumpkin Police Chief Steven Ogle , authorities said . "  She was a school teacher ; she had to teach the next day . She could n't make bond and she had to spend the night in jail , " said Stewart County Sheriff Larry Jones . Jones , who knows Wells , arrived at the scene just after the stun gun incident concluded . "  When I arrived , Mrs. Wells was screaming ' I did n't do anything , I did n't do anything . ' She was seated in the car and she was screaming ` Larry help me , I had n't done anything . ' " On the dashcam tape , Wells can be heard yelling as the sheriff described . "  When I saw the tape , I thought , ` This ca n't be true . ' You do n't do an animal like this . One time , maybe  with the Taser  . If she was physically fighting back maybe , but she was just sitting there , " Jones said . "  He attacked her with that Taser . " Reached by CNN , Murphy declined to comment . Efforts to reach Smith were unsuccessful . Wells was a teacher for 33 years who came out of retirement to teach third graders , her attorney said . The incident has made her withdrawn and anxious , he said . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation reviewed video of the incident and found no criminal wrongdoing and no one had requested that the agency investigate further , authorities said . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : A city attorney says an officer violated policy when he tasered a Georgia woman in April Janice Wells says a prowler was at the house , while police say she complained of an unwanted guest A man who was there with her at the scene left When she refused to give the man 's name , police tried to arrest her
Disrupted PlayStation and Xbox networks frustrated gamers much of Friday , one day after going down on one of the busiest gaming days of the year . Neither Sony or Microsoft , which own PlayStation and Xbox , respectively , have had much to say about the outages that have kept millions of its gamers from playing one another online , but there were signs Friday evening that it may soon be resolved . At 2:16 a.m Friday , Microsoft 's verified @XboxSupport account tweeted "  Some Xbox One users may currently be experiencing issues signing into Xbox Live , " and directed users to its service website for the latest . Sony 's official PlayStation support Twitter account posted at 2:30 a.m. ET , "  Our engineers are continuing to work hard to resolve the network issues users have experienced today . Thanks for your continued patience . " More than 14 hours later , at 5:10 p.m , it tweeted pretty much the same thing . "  Update : We are working to restore full network services for all platforms -- thanks , as always , for your patience ! But based on the overall sentiment expressed in the comments posted to message boards and on Twitter , the collective patience among PlayStation users is offline as well . " @AskPlayStation has been tweeting that for hours now since last night , " user christopha710 posted on Sony 's PlayStation 4 support forum . "  I 'm getting rid of this piece of trash and going back too -LSB- sic -RSB- pc gaming " "  Totally not cool , " allenjaelee said late Friday morning . "  I 've tried so many times and am unable to play . " Sony hacked again ? Some users talked of a possible hack . "  This is so frustrating , " wrote calin75 . "  The hackers think they 're hurting Sony , but the ones that really pay for this bull crap are the innocent users . " If it turns out that this was indeed a cyberattack , chances are it was done by Lizard Squad , a band of black-hat hackers who have claimed responsibility . CNN can not confirm the identity or claims of the group , and PlayStation has n't said anything beyond that it was working to fix the problem . For its part , Xbox spokesman Sean McCarthy told CNN that "  we do n't share info on the root cause of specific issues . " But there is little reason to doubt their claims . In August , Lizard Squad said it took down the PlayStation Network by flooding it with illegitimate traffic , something called a distributed denial-of-service attack  DDoS  in the video game world , resulting in millions of gamers being unable to play together online . As CNNMoney reported at the time , when John Smedley , president of Sony Online Entertainment , tweeted about those "  large scale " attacks , he became a target himself -- even at 30,000 feet . "  We have been receiving reports that @j_smedley 's plane # 362 from DFW to SAN has explosives on-board , please look into this , " the group tweeted to American Airlines , resulting in the flight being diverted . Earlier this month , Sony was hit with a similar outage that Lizard Squad not only took credit for , but it promised additional "  Christmas presents " would soon be coming . "  Unlike Santa , we do n't like giving all of our Christmas presents out on one day . This entire month will be entertaining , " Lizard Squad tweeted . At 6:13 p.m. Friday , a Lizard Squad twitter handle tweeted , "  ALL ATTACKS ON PSN AND XBOX HAVE STOPPED . " When a CNN reporter hit refresh moments later on the Sony Entertainment Network website -- which had been down since Thursday evening -- it was back online . Microsoft 's service page was still reporting ` limited service , ' however . Stupid coincidence ? The network downtime started just hours after Microsoft 's Xbox video store started to stream the Seth Rogen comedy "  The Interview . " The movie was made by Sony Pictures , a sibling of Sony 's PlayStation division . Sony was the victim of a massive cyberattack in late November that was widely believed to be motivated , at least in part , by North Korea 's anger over "  The Interview , " which depicts the assassination of the country 's leader Kim Jong Un . But there was no indication that Thursday 's problems were in any way connected to the movie 's digital release . Other participating distributors of the movie , such as YouTube , were unaffected . And PlayStation is not participating in the release . A Sony Pictures spokesman deferred to PlayStation for comment about the outage .	PlayStation , Xbox had ` network issues ' well into Friday Hacker group ` Lizard Squad ' has claimed responsibility Lizard Squad has a history of going after Sony In August , it may have managed to divert a flight carrying Sony exec
CNN  -- Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman seems to think the world has had enough of his giant inflatable rubber duck . Following up on the recent launch of his supersized floating hippo in London 's River Thames , Hofman 's latest project -- Moon Rabbit -- is now on display in Taiwan . The location is fitting . The artist 's giant inflatable rubber duck took Taiwan by storm -- even conquering a real storm along the way -- last year . Hofman 's latest animal-themed installation is part of the Land Arts Festival , an annual outdoor arts and culture event held southwest of Taipei in the northern county of Taoyuan . This year , the event is taking place at a former naval base and features artwork from international and local artists , including Li Zhen and Zhang Huan . Festival art dots the base 's old bunkers as well as a 3.6-kilometer  2.2-mile  airplane runway . It 's the first time the public has been allowed to visit the usually restricted naval base , home of the secretive Black Cat squadron from 1961 to 1974 . Bunny on the bunker Hofman 's enormous yet adorable Moon Rabbit lies on a grass roof bunker , gazing at the moon . "  It 's made from tyvek mostly -- a waterproof paper-like material , " says Hsin-yi Hu , exhibition manager at Blue Dragon Art Company . The Taiwan-based company was responsible for bringing Hofman 's new work to the festival . "  Hofman hoped to recreate the fluffiness of a real rabbit and we used over 12,000 pieces of tyvek on the piece , " says Hu . "  The naval base is very windy . With the fur swinging in the wind , it actually makes the rabbit look more alive . " The Moon Rabbit was inspired by Chinese folklore associated with the Mid-Autumn Festival , which took place earlier this week . According to legend , the rabbit lives on the moon and is the companion of the moon goddess Chang ` er . It 's the second year Taoyuan has hosted the Land Arts Festival . Commonly known to international travelers as the home of Taipei 's international airport , Taoyuan will be promoted and recognized as a special municipality by the government by the end of the year . "  Taoyuan has been an important industrial city in Taiwan , " says Hu . "  But under the new status , it has been keen to strengthen its arts and culture scene as well . " In addition to art installations , the festival features creative markets , workshops and performing arts . Taoyuan Land Arts Festival , September 4 to 14 , 9 a.m.-8 p.m. , Taoyuan Naval Base	Artist Florentijn Hofman 's new Taiwan installation now on display at the Taoyuan Land Arts Festival Art piece is a giant fluffy rabbit , inspired by Chinese Mid-Autumn Festival folklore Rabbit is set up on a bunker at an old naval base not usually open to the public
Beijing  CNN  -- Amid deepening public concerns over the country 's food safety following a wave of recent scandals , China 's highest court has ordered judges nationwide to hand down harsher sentences , including the death penalty , to people convicted of violating food safety regulations . In a directive released by the state-run Xinhua news agency over the weekend , the Supreme People 's Court said in cases where people die from food safety violations , convicted suspects should be given the death sentence , while criminals involved in non-lethal cases should face longer prison terms and larger fines . It also called for harsher punishment for government officials found protecting food safety violators or accepting bribes from them . "  The overall food safety situation is stable and improving , but incidents that still occur regularly have seriously endangered people 's lives and caused strong social reactions , " the directive quoted Wang Shengjun , the country 's top judge , as saying . "  Our task to maintain food safety remains challenging . " From milk laced with melamine , pigs fed with performance-enhancing drugs to watermelons juiced up with growth-stimulating chemicals , a series of recent scandals have outraged Chinese consumers , despite ramped-up government crackdown and state media campaign against food safety violations . From last September to April this year , Chinese courts have tried and convicted 106 people accused of violating food safety , including two who received life imprisonment last month in a "  melamine milk " case , Xinhua reported . "  It 's clear that the credibility of the system will suffer , " said Peter K. Ben Embarek , the World Health Organization 's food safety official . "  The  Chinese  consumer will continue to lose confidence in Chinese products and consumers abroad will equally lose confidence in Chinese products . " The latest announcement by China 's supreme court , however , seems to run counter to another recent initiative to limit the use of the death penalty by the same court . In its annual work report , the Supreme People 's Court last week instructed lower courts to suspend death sentences for two years if an immediate execution is not deemed necessary . The Chinese legislature had earlier amended the country 's penal code to reduce the number of crimes punishable by death by 13 to 55 . China executes more people than all other countries combined , according to Amnesty International . It estimated the figure , considered a state secret , to be in the thousands last year for "  a wide range of crimes that include non-violent offences . " The number of executions elsewhere in the world in 2010 was at least 527 , according to the London-based group 's annual report released earlier this year . CNN 's Eunice Yoon contributed to this report .	The directive also calls for harsher punishment for officials who protect violators A series of scandals have outraged consumers 106 people have been convicted in recent months Amnesty : China executes more people than all other countries combined
CNN  -- The number of U.S. troops in Iraq has fallen below 50,000 -- the lowest level since the U.S-led invasion in 2003 , the military said Tuesday . The drop comes ahead of President Barack Obama 's deadline to bring down troop levels by August 31 . The military said U.S. troops will now transition to Operation New Dawn , effective September 1 . In this phase , the United States will help train Iraqi security forces until the end of its mission in December 2011 . While the total number of U.S. troops in Iraq will continue to diminish throughout 2011 , the withdrawal rate will be "  calibrated and adjusted based on conditions on the ground , " according to presidential national security adviser John Brennan . On Monday , Vice President Joe Biden said that the overall level of violence in Iraq has now declined to the point that some early U.S. veterans of the conflict "  would not recognize " the country today . The roughly 650,000-member Iraq security force is "  already leading the way to defend and protect -LSB- the -RSB- country , " he said . "  Some said that our drawdown would bring about more violence . Well , they were wrong , " Biden said at a gathering of the Veterans of Foreign Wars in Indianapolis , Indiana . Iraqi officials , however , have noted a recent campaign of bombings and shootings in Baghdad , where gunmen have attacked traffic police and checkpoints , killing Iraqi troops . Many Iraqis have blamed the recent violence on the current political paralysis , in which quarreling parties have failed to form a government nearly six months after parliamentary elections . The Iraqi government had been pushing to increase security ahead of the U.S. drawdown . Biden stressed that the changing U.S. role in Iraq should be not be viewed as American disengagement . He noted that the administration is largely following former President George W. Bush 's plan for a "  long-term " relationship with Baghdad . Civilian efforts to promote Iraqi stability are ramping up , Biden said . But Obama is planning a speech on the situation in Iraq after he returns to Washington from vacation on August 29 , a senior administration source said Sunday .	NEW : U.S. troop withdrawal rates will depend on ground conditions , Brennan says The drop comes ahead of President Obama 's August 31 deadline U.S. troops will now switch to an advice-and-assist role Vice President Biden says Iraqi security forces are now successfully protecting Iraq
Washington  CNN  The tea party 's latest failed revolt against House Speaker John Boehner underscored one of the movement 's biggest problems heading into the new Congress . They are rebels with no clear cause . It 's an issue that 's bedeviled the tea party since its inception in 2010 : They lack a central planning organization , a structure and a long-term strategic vision . And Boehner , with a shrewd command of all three , was already flexing those muscles Tuesday , doling out early retribution to two lawmakers that opposed him by removing them from committee spots . Meanwhile , Rep. Tim Huelskamp speculated he was n't awarded a subcommittee chairmanship because of his vote . Boehner signaled Wednesday that he could mend fences , by saying he 's starting "  a family conversation " with his critics . But the issue remains . Conservative lawmakers admitted after Tuesday 's vote that they had no clear plan going forward . "  There 's going to be a fight " in response to Boehner 's acts of retribution , promised Rep. Louie Gohmert in the halls of the Capitol Tuesday . RELATED : Boehner plans ` family conversation ' with GOP foes Gohmert had offered himself up as an alternative to Boehner for speaker . But when pressed on details , he said only : "  You do n't win a fight by telling your game plan ahead of time . " Conservatives are still fuming that leadership has offered them no clear plan to tackle Obama 's executive action on deportations or Obamacare . House leadership passed a spending bill last month that tackled neither , promising to address the immigration problem in February when funding for the Department of Homeland Security runs out . "  You know , the speaker said he was going to fight tooth and nail against the amnesty -- are they really going to do that ? " Huelskamp wondered on Tuesday . But asked whether there may be another showdown between conservatives and leadership when DHS funding hits that deadline , conservatives were unclear . "  We 'll have to see what 's next , " Huelskamp said . "  I do n't know how -LSB- the DHS funding fight -RSB- is going to go down , " said Rep. Thomas Massie , a Kentucky conservative who voted for the second time against Boehner as Speaker . Although the coup attempt managed to organize the greatest opposition to a speaker seen in more than 150 years , its failure underscored the problems plaguing the party 's conservative wing . It made clear they , too , are fractured , squabbling over best tactics and strategies . RELATED : Paris attack quickly becomes Washington funding fight House conservative aides and strategists for outside groups that had been whipping votes against Boehner say the vote came apart at the last minute , was hastily planned and had no clear leader or purpose . In a scathing statement , South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney , considered by many conservatives to be an easy vote against Boehner who ultimately in fact supported him , denounced the lack of organization behind the attempt . "  This was an effort driven as much by talk radio as by a thoughtful and principled effort to make a change . It was poorly considered and poorly executed , and I learned first-hand that is no way to fight a battle , " he said . "  This coup today was bound to fail . " He and other conservatives who supported Boehner , in their explanations , indicated conservatives are coming around to the Washington way of giving a little to get a lot . "  I am all for fighting , but I am more interested in fighting and winning than I am fighting an unwinnable battle , " Mulvaney said in his statement . House conservative Rep. Raul Labrador also seemed amenable to working with Boehner , rather than against him , in the new Congress . "  I think it is unwise to marginalize yourself when there is no chance of victory , which was the case today , " he said . He added that Boehner "  assured me that he wants to change the way the House is run " and "  asked for my help moving the House in a more conservative direction . " But others are pledging even fiercer fights to come . Indeed , many conservatives are still claiming Tuesday as a victory , certain that it 's not only wounded Boehner but will turn up the heat on conservatives who unexpectedly supported him to stand strong on their values and commitments to voters in the next fight . Outside groups named more than a dozen lawmakers , including constant conservative stalwarts like Rep. Jeb Hensarling and some freshmen , like Georgia Rep. Barry Loudermilk , who campaigned on opposing Boehner as particular disappointments . But as conservative strategist Daniel Horowitz put it , they believe those conservatives ' defections on the speaker vote means they wo n't have room to compromise on their values in the future . "  This improves our chances for wins in upcoming legislative fights , because now conservatives have no option but to fall in line , " he said . RELATED : Another test for John Boehner	Conservatives are being punished for their failed plot to oust John Boehner as speaker They 're promising a fight , but have no clear plan for how to move forward Others are showing a new willingness to work with the Speaker
CNN  -- Evelyn Einstein , who spent the last years of her life trying to fight for money generated by her late grandfather Albert 's estate , has died , her close friend said Wednesday . The friend , Allen Wilkinson , said the two had just started to work on her memoirs . "  She always said her grandfather was n't this great god of science , to her he was just Grandpa , " Wilkinson said . Einstein had been ill for years suffering from heart problems and diabetes . She died at her home in Albany , California , last week , Wilkinson said . Albert Einstein made many contributions to modern science , but it 's the videos , bobblehead dolls and Halloween masks using his image that continue to generate millions of dollars long after his death . Evelyn Einstein told CNN she had n't received a dime from the marketing and sales of Einstein merchandise , while others have profited . "  I 'm outraged , " she told CNN in a February interview , adding that she was a 69-year-old cancer survivor and needed the money for health care . "  It 's hard for me to believe they would treat the family the way they have , which has been abysmally . " Her grandfather , the German-born physicist who formulated the general theory of relativity , bequeathed the literary rights for the more than 75,000 papers and other items in his estate to the Hebrew University of Jerusalem when he died in 1955 . The Israeli university also owns the rights to his likeness , using a Los Angeles-based company called Greenlight LLC to handle licensing for items such as Einstein apparel , mugs , puzzles , coins , posters and other collectibles . "  What does a bobblehead have to do with a literary estate ? " asked Evelyn Einstein , who said she had been ignored by the university in her requests for an arrangement that would allow her to profit from the sales . Just recently she had begun preparations to sue the university . The school responded with a statement saying , "  Einstein left all of his intellectual property , encompassing his literary estate and personal papers , to the Hebrew University , including the rights to the use of his image . " The statement added that "  the income of the university from the use of his image is dedicated to scientific research . " Greenlight spokesman Dan Perlet said the company has strict guidelines covering the dozens of annual requests to license the Einstein name , including ones from Disney and Baby Einstein . It asks whether the companies seek to promote the scientists ' values , intellectual curiosity and innovation , Perlet said . Einstein , known for his wry sense of humor when he was alive , is paid homage in an animated television show called "  Little Einsteins " long after his death . The show , which airs on Disney Playhouse , has generated DVDs , books and toys . The famed physicist was crowned Time magazine 's person of the century in 1999 , where he was described as "  the pre-eminent scientist in a century dominated by science . A memorial service for Evelyn Einstein is planned for June . She requested that her ashes be scattered in the Berkeley , California , marina .	Einstein 's granddaughter had been fighting for money from his estate Evelyn Einstein had been ill for years with heart problems and diabetes She had gotten nothing from the use of Albert Einstein 's image on apparel , mugs , etc. .
CNN  -- Shut up . Shut up . Shut . Up . I never wanted to become the poster child for anything , let alone domestic violence . But my blood is boiling , so when I say shut up , I 'm venting at all those people out there who insist on blaming the victim . I do not watch "  Fox and Friends , " but I do read the blogs , and when I stumbled across a story about the "  Friends " "  ha-ha-ha you pathetic woman " moment , my stomach turned . "  She still married him ! " co-host Steve Doocy exclaimed after viewing the now-infamous Ray Rice elevator tape . Doocy was talking about Janay Palmer , the woman Rice punched , then married . Doocy 's co-host , Brian Kilmeade , chimed in : "  Rihanna went back to Chris Brown right after ... -LSB- he beat her -RSB- . " Wait a minute : She 's the one who went back ? She married him ? Is that supposed to make Rice 's actions or Brown 's actions somehow less violent ? Or criminal ? Why I stayed : Tangles of domestic abuse The worst part for me , though , was when Doocy and Kilmeade started joking : "  I think the message is , take the stairs , " Kilmeade said . Doocy responded with , "  The message is when you 're in an elevator , there 's a camera . " Does that mean it 's OK to deck your gal if no one is around to see it ? I do n't think Kilmeade and Doocy meant it that way , but it was those comments that wormed their way under my skin . And I was n't alone . Ray Rice video prompts stories of #WhyIStayed , #WhyILeft As Jan Langbein , who runs the Genesis Women 's Center , told me , the whole episode is a form of victim-blaming . "  I 'm horrified , " Langbein said . "  I mean ` take the stairs , ' please ! I am constantly surrounded by messages that it 's somehow her fault of or that if she had taken the stairs or done something else or not worn that outfit the abuse would n't have happened . It 's not about her actions at all . " If you want to know why some domestic violence survivors return to their abusers -- here 's a thought -- ask them . You want to know why I never told the authorities , or my family , that a college boyfriend threw me against a wall and knocked me out ? Because , at 20 , I thought I deserved it . Some of my girlfriends made me feel that way . My boyfriend certainly did . I was ashamed . You want to know why I agreed to see him again after he assaulted me ? Because when all was said and done I could not believe the charming , handsome man I chose to be with could hurt me again . I quickly discovered I was wrong about that and I left him . The National Domestic Violence Hotline says it takes women seven times to leave an abusive partner for good . There are 50 different reasons for that and none of them are simple , although some are downright frightening . Langbein said the most dangerous time for a victim of domestic violence is the day she leaves her abusive partner for good . Abusers are all about control . And when they lose control , they become more dangerous . There 's a reason that one-third of female homicide victims are killed by their current or former partners . So , please , shut up . Domestic violence is a serious crime perpetrated by a violent partner . And , you know what ? It rarely happens in front of a camera .	Carol Costello says there should be no tolerance for blaming victims in domestic violence A "  Fox and Friends " co-host joked that abusers should take the stairs to avoid cameras It takes abused women seven attempts to finally leave their abusers , she says Costello : If you want to know why it 's so hard , talk to those who are abused
CNN  -- Zombies , ghosts , even the devil himself are jumping off the page in this week 's hot reads for Halloween . So if you 're in the mood for something wicked , we 've got you covered with some brand-new bone-chilling best-sellers . Although they 're never actually called zombies in Colson Whitehead 's "  Zone One , " this is a zombie novel with real brains , a panache of pop-culture references and post-9 / 11 New York gloominess . n this darkly comic take on the apocalypse , a plague has killed off most of the world 's population , leaving behind a wave of walking dead , called skels and stragglers . One of the survivors and the narrator of the novel , Mark Spitz , leads a team of "  sweepers , " clearing the undead out of Zone One in lower Manhattan . While on its surface , this appears to be a zombie tale , it 's really a survivors ' story ; most suffer from PASD , post-apocalyptic stress disorder . While the novel is speculative , it gives you a very realistic sense that the apocalypse , zombies and all , could happen anywhere , anytime . Whitehead , an up-and-coming voice in American literature , is not your run-of-the-mill horror writer . He 's an award-winning novelist , a recipient of the MacArthur Genius Grant , author of a series of online essays on competing in the World Series of Poker and a frequent , funny and sardonic contributor to Twitter . You can follow him @colsonwhitehead . But he was raised on horror and science fiction stories , comic books and movies . He counts George Romero 's classic "  Night of the Living Dead ' as a key influence . While Whitehead puts his own fresh spin on the genre , the touchstones are there for old-school horror fans . Whitehead himself says , "  I like my zombies like I like my women : slow and implacable . " Read an excerpt from "  Zone One . " "  Are you there , Satan ? It 's me , Madison , " begins the 11-year old narrator of Chuck Palahniuk 's new novel , "  Damned . " It 's the story of a little girl , the daughter of a film star and a billionaire , who dies unexpectedly and then has to navigate her way through the underworld . Accompanied by hell 's version of "  The Breakfast Club , " she treks through the Dandruff Desert , across the River of Vomit and up the Mountain of Toenail Clippings to face off with Satan . Like most of Palahniuk 's work , it 's not for the faint of heart or the easily offended . With a career spanning 15 years and 11 novels , including the iconic "  Fight Club , " here , Palahniuk imagines hell as a bit like "  Dante 's Inferno " meets "  South Park , " a land where "  The English Patient " plays on endless repeat and the damned constantly interrupt your dinner from their afterlife call center . Palahniuk , who 's lived through some pretty tough episodes himself , says his mother 's battle with cancer was the inspiration for "  Damned , " leaving him wondering about heaven and hell and what the afterlife holds . Here , he 's come up with a thoroughly original vision , satiric and horrifying , enough so you 'll want to repent after you read . Read an excerpt from "  Damned . " The "  Saw " movie franchise has been a favorite of horror fans for years . Now , the authors behind several in the slasher series have moved from the big screen to books . Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan wrote the screenplays for "  Saw IV , " "  Saw V , " "  Saw VI " and "  Saw 3D . " They 've teamed up with Stephen Romano , an acclaimed author , screenwriter and illustrator , on their debut novel , "  Black Light , " which comes across like "  Ghostbusters " on steroids . Paranormal private eye Buck Carlsbad sees dead people in this supernatural noir . He 's an exorcist for hire , ready to get rid of your ghosts , for a fee . Haunted by his past , Buck has spent years seeking out the person , or thing , that murdered his parents and left him for dead . In his latest case , Buck is hired to ride shotgun on a high-tech bullet train as it speeds across the desert version of the Bermuda Triangle at 400 miles per hour . The triangle is a place where Buck almost died a few years ago and where he swore he would never return . Now he 's back to brave myriad ghouls , ghosts and spirits and hopefully solve the most harrowing unfinished case of his career . Visceral and cinematic , "  Black Light " is over-the-top fun , the action nonstop , and a bit like a haunted house ride at an amusement park . Read an excerpt from "  Black Light . "	New bone-chilling best-sellers are perfect Halloween reads Colson Whitehead 's "  Zone One " is a darkly comic take on the apocalypse Chuck Palahniuk 's "  Damned " follows a young girl as she navigates the underworld Two "  Saw " movie authors have joined a third writer for "  Black Light , " a supernatural noir
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A rifle-wielding white supremacist entered Washington 's Holocaust museum on Wednesday afternoon , fatally shooting a security guard before being wounded himself by return fire from other guards , authorities said . Stephen Tyrone Johns was shot and killed while working at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum on Wednesday . Stephen Tyrone Johns , a six-year veteran of the museum 's security staff , later "  died heroically in the line of duty , " said Sara Bloomfield , museum director . Law enforcement sources identified the suspect as James W. von Brunn , an 88-year-old white supremacist from Maryland . He is a known Holocaust denier who created an anti-Semitic Web site called "  The Holy Western Empire . " He has repeatedly claimed "  The Diary of Anne Frank , " a widely read book about a teenage girl 's experiences under Nazi rule , was a hoax . The museum shooting occurred on a day the museum was to stage a play based on Anne Frank and two days before what would have her 80th birthday . Investigators found a notebook in the suspect 's car listing other locations in Washington , a federal official told CNN . It was unclear what purpose the list served . Von Brunn allegedly entered the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum at 12:50 p.m. Wednesday and immediately shot Johns with a rifle , said Chief Cathy Lanier of the District of Columbia 's Metropolitan Police Department . Two other security guards returned fire , according to Lanier and the museum statement . Both Johns and Von Brunn were taken to George Washington University Hospital , said D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty . Johns died at the hospital . Von Brunn was in critical condition , Fenty said . Johns , 40 , was a resident of Temple Hills , Maryland , according to a statement issued by Wackenhut Services Inc. , which has provided security services at the museum since 2002 . "  Obviously there are no words to express our grief and shock over the horrific event that took place at this museum today , " Bloomfield , the museum director , said . Witnesses : ` Panic ' inside museum " She said the museum was closed for the remainder of the day and would remain closed Thursday in honor of Johns . Brunn served six years in prison for trying in 1981 to kidnap Federal Reserve board members because of high interest rates . He blamed his prison term on a "  Negro jury , Jew/Negro attorneys " and "  a Jew judge , " he said on his Web site , "  Holy Western Empire . " The Southern Poverty Law Center , which focuses on human rights , said Brunn has "  an extremely long history with neo-Nazis and white supremacists . " A place that stimulates visitors to confront hatred and promotes peace and human dignity , the Holocaust museum on Wednesday became the scene of everything that was opposite . See more photos from the scene " Witnesses described blood on the floor and chaos within the museum 's halls . Visitor Maria Hernandez told CNN she heard five shots and saw the wounded security guard . Watch Maria describe what she saw " "  It was definitely a security guard ; he was down bleeding on the floor , " said Hernandez , 19 . "  He was face down . His back ... blood was coming out . " Sirens blared as emergency vehicles converged on the area , which is near the Washington Monument and other popular tourist attractions . The museum was full at the time , with a "  couple of thousand " people inside , said William Parsons , chief of staff at the museum . See where the museum is located " "  Never take your guard force and security people for granted , " he said . "  They did exactly what they were supposed to do to protect people in the museum . " Law enforcement analyst talks about how this could have happened " Dave Pearson , a sixth-grade teacher in the Washington area , said he was on the museum 's fourth floor when he heard a loud noise . "  At the time , we 're visiting and all of a sudden there 's like a boom , and all of a sudden they told us to stop where we 're at , " he told CNN . "  Only thing we heard was a boom , and that was it . " Watch another museum visitor tell what he saw " An FBI official said there was no prior warning or threat against the museum . In a later statement , the FBI said members of its National Capital Response Squad and Joint Terrorism Task Force are taking part in the investigation . Lanier said the area around the museum was checked by bomb-sniffing dogs as a matter of routine . The shooting sent shock waves throughout the nation 's capital and elsewhere . "  I am shocked and saddened by today 's shooting at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , " said President Obama , who just days earlier had spoken emotionally about the Holocaust when he visited Buchenwald , a former Nazi concentration camp with Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel . "  This outrageous act reminds us that we must remain vigilant against anti-Semitism and prejudice in all its forms , " Obama said Wednesday . "  No American institution is more important to this effort than the Holocaust Museum , and no act of violence will diminish our determination to honor those who were lost by building a more peaceful and tolerant world . " Israel issued a statement through its embassy , expressing sadness and condemning the attack . Fenty called the shooting "  an extremely isolated incident " in the nation 's capital , which is a major tourist destination . "  In these days and times , you never know when someone is going to grab a gun and use it in an inappropriate way , " he said . The museum canceled a performance scheduled for Wednesday night of a play about racism and anti-Semitism , based on a fictional meeting between Anne Frank and Emmett Till , the teenage victim of a racist killing in the United States . U.S. Attorney Gen. Eric Holder and Rep. Steve Cohen , D-Tennessee , were among those planning to attend the play , which was written by Janet Langhart Cohen , the wife of former Defense Secretary and U.S. Sen. William Cohen . Langhart Cohen told CNN that Anne Frank 's young life was ended by people filled with hate . She said it was hard to see that same hate manifest itself at this place of remembrance . CNN 's Lindy Royce contributed to this report	Stephen Tyrone Johns died "  heroically in the line of duty , " museum says Suspect is 88-year-old white supremacist , law enforcement officials say Man with "  long gun " entered museum , fired at guard , police spokesman says Security guard and shooter were wounded in exchange of gunfire , police say
CNN  -- During a NASCAR race , drivers do hundreds of laps at speeds of more than 300 kilometers per hour . But the seconds spent during a pit stop -- changing tires and refueling the car -- may be the most crucial moments of any race . Greg Morin is head coach of the 48 pit crew at Hendrick Motorsports , the team that helped one of NASCAR 's most successful drivers , Jimmie Johnson , win six championships . "  It is safe to say that if you do n't have a well performing pit crew that executes well on pit road , you are going to affect the overall outcome of the race in a potentially hugely negative manner , " says Morin . He adds : "  Our goal is to hit a 12-second pit stop , hit five lug nuts off , five lug nuts on  on each wheel  ... get it full of fuel and ship it down pit road . " Watch the video above to see the Hendrick Motor Sports ' 48 pit crew in action .	NASCAR pit crews are key to a driver 's success Crews aim to complete the stop inside 12 seconds Head coach of the 48 pit crew at Hendrick Motorsports explains the art of pit crew
Texas law regarding the death penalty often feels like a cultural remnant from the days of cowboys and the Old West : You kill ; you get killed . In a recent New York Times article , the headline included the phrase , "  Confronted on Execution , Texas Proudly Says It Kills Efficiently . " The language feels like an understatement considering that 515 inmates have been put to death in Texas since 1982 , about 60 % of the national total . Unfortunately , efficiency does not equate with accuracy . Robert James Campbell , for example , was convicted of murder and rape . His defense attorneys , however , during his trial in Texas were not allowed to introduce evidence that indicated he was intellectually disabled and struggled with right and wrong . A prosecution expert , arguing for death , said Campbell might be dangerous in the future "  because he is black . " These factors prompted a federal appeals court to stay Campbell 's Tuesday execution and allow the introduction of additional evidence at new sentencing hearing . Bernie Tiede , who is white , has had a different experience with Texas justice . Tiede shot an 81-year-old woman in the back and then stuffed her body into a freezer while he continued to live in her home . Although he spent 17 years in prison , Tiede was recently released when the court reconsidered his childhood sexual abuse , the kind of mitigating circumstance not allowed to be part of the record in Campbell 's original trial . Tiede 's story was turned into the movie "  Bernie " by Austin filmmaker Richard Linklater , who has given the new parolee a home and arranged for a job . The Texas Tribune , a politics and government news site , wrote two extensive stories about Linklater and Tiede , which gave the killer a sympathetic profile and suggested that parole was a form of justice . Linklater has contributed $ 10,000 to the news site , according to its own records . When Texas was recently preparing to execute a convicted cop killer from Mexico who had an IQ of 67 , I thought of a former prosecutor I knew . In a similar case , he had said , "  If Mexico does n't want its citizens executed in Texas , they should warn them not to kill people while they are here . " Texas comedian Ron White has joked that while other states are eliminating the death penalty , "  We 've been putting in an express lane . " White is right , but Texas is often wrong . According to the Death Penalty Information Center , DNA evidence has exonerated and led to the release of 15 accused killers since 1972 . The list of what are often called the top 10 infamous cases of wrongful execution includes five victims from Texas ' death row . Two of those provide more than sufficient cause to reconsider capital punishment . Claude Jones , who was executed in 2000 , was sitting in a car when an accomplice killed a liquor store owner during a robbery in 1990 . The only admissible evidence against Jones was a hair found at the site of the crime . DNA forensics could not prove it was his , but less than a decade later , improved techniques showed that it was the victim 's hair , not Jones ' . Regardless , Texas Gov. George W. Bush and appeals courts denied Jones a reprieve , and he was executed . Cameron Todd Willingham met the same fate in 2004 after being convicted of killing his three young daughters by setting their home on fire . The Texas Forensic Science Commission investigated the arson evidence against Willingham and concluded that the findings were a product of "  flawed " processes , five years after he had been put to death in Huntsville . His family has spent the past two years seeking a posthumous pardon from the state but has met with as much denial as during his appeals process . There is sufficient injustice to go around in Texas , but the death penalty , undeniably , is infected with racism . In Houston , prosecutors are three times more likely to seek the death penalty for African-American defendants over white suspects , according to a study last year by the University of Maryland , which looked at 500 cases in Harris County , the state 's most populous legal jurisdiction . Professor Ray Paternoster , a criminologist with 35 years of experience , concluded that Houston juries sought the death penalty only 20 % of the time when the defendant was white and 70 % for blacks . Increasingly , however , sentiments are shifting . We are not likely to grant reprieves to death row inmates , but Texans are beginning to acknowledge inequalities in the administration of executions and the possibility of mistakes . Racial injustices may be why support for the death penalty is showing faltering support in Texas , particularly among an increasingly diverse population . A survey released last month by the Kinder Institute for Urban Research of Houston showed that 69 % of the city 's residents favor an alternative to execution . Figures indicate that 39 % prefer life without parole as an option , and only 28 % backed the death penalty . Those numbers reflect the fact that Houston has become the most racially diverse large city in the U.S. Whites now constitute a minority in every age demographic except people over the age of 65 . Race , though , continues to be , unquestionably , a factor in Texas justice . Although blacks are fewer than 12 % of the population , they make up more than 37 % of the state 's 500-plus executions since the law was reinstated . Regardless of those disturbing statistics , Texas remains very efficient at carrying out the death penalty . Just not as proficient at delivering justice .	Texas has executed about 500 people since the 1980s , more than any other state James Moore says the death penalty in Texas is infected with racism Blacks make up fewer than 12 % of Texans , but they 're 37 % of its executions Moore : As Texas ' population diversifies , sentiments are shifting about death penalty
SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- The three Americans rescued after more than five years in captivity in Colombia say they are doing well but are "  overwhelmed with emotion , " according to a statement released on their behalf . "  Words alone can never possibly express the thrill and excitement we feel to be back home in the United States of America with our families at our side , " the Friday statement from Marc Gonsalves , Thomas Howes and Keith Stansell said . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  had held the three U.S. government contractors since February 2003 , after their plane crashed in a remote region of the South American country . They were among 15 hostages rescued Wednesday in a Colombian military operation . Watch Colombians celebrate success " Also among the rescued hostages was French-Colombian politician Ingrid Betancourt , who returned to France on Friday . She is undergoing medical tests at a Paris military hospital , The Associated Press reported . Watch Betancourt 's joyous return to France " Shortly after the plane crashed , FARC members killed contractor Tom Janis , according to employer Northrop Grumman , and Colombian army Sgt. Luis Cruz , according to the U.S. State Department . The three freed Americans are being treated at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas . Learn about the former hostages " "  For five-and-a-half long years , we all hoped and prayed this day would come , " their statement said . "  Now that it has , we 're just overwhelmed with emotion . The love and the joy we 're all experiencing is beyond description . "  We want to offer our heartfelt thanks to the government and the armed forces of Colombia . The operation they conducted to rescue us was one for the history books -- something we will never forget for the rest of our lives . " Colombian authorities unveiled details and a videotape Friday describing the mission , which involved tricking the leftist rebels into giving up their hostages . Watch video of the rescue " Government agents had infiltrated the FARC leadership over several months . This week they talked the rebels into moving the hostages , saying a humanitarian group wanted to check on them . A helicopter carrying fake rebels picked up the hostages at a rendezvous point , ostensibly to take them to another rebel camp . It actually was a government helicopter , and the hostages were whisked to freedom without a shot being fired . Learn about FARC " On Thursday , doctors at the Brooke Army Medical Center said the three Americans appeared to be in good health . Initial tests had for now ruled out the suspicion of infectious diseases , and although other medical tests are pending , "  everything really looks well , " said Col. Jackie Hayes , a psychiatrist and the lead physician on the men 's medical team . Hayes said patient confidentiality rules prevented him from commenting on reports that Gonsalves was suffering from hepatitis . Maj. Gen. Keith Huber , commander of U.S. Army South , said the contractors were in the second phase of a three-phase process designed to ease their transition back to normal life . "  They greeted me with a strong handshake and clear eyes and an incredible smile , " he said .	Three men , safe in Texas , express gratitude to Colombian military Ex-hostages said to be doing well , in reintegration process French-Colombian Ingrid Betancourt undergoing medical tests in Paris 15 hostages freed Wednesday when Colombian agents tricked rebels
A McDonald 's employee in Pittsburgh was arrested Wednesday after undercover police officers said they discovered her selling heroin in Happy Meal boxes , according to a criminal complaint . Shantia Dennis , 26 , was arrested after undercover law enforcement officials conducted a drug buy , according to a statement from Mike Manko , communications director for the Allegheny County District Attorney 's Office . Customers looking for heroin were instructed to go through the drive-through and say , "  I 'd like to order a toy . " The customer would then be told to proceed to the first window , where they would be handed a Happy Meal box containing heroin , Manko said . During the drug buy , the undercover officers recovered 10 stamp bags of heroin inside of a Happy Meal box , according to the statement . Officers immediately arrested Dennis and recovered an additional 50 bags of heroin , as well as a small amount of marijuana , according to the complaint . The sales of heroin do not appear to be related to the potentially lethal batches of heroin being sold in Western Pennsylvania , according to the statement . Dennis is charged with two counts of possession , one count of criminal use of a communication facility , one count of prohibited acts of delivery and one count of possession with intent to deliver . Attorney information for Dennis was not immediately available Wednesday . The McDonald 's location declined to comment to CNN . Cancer painkiller mixed with heroin blamed for 22 Pennsylvania deaths	A McDonald 's worker in Pittsburgh sold heroin at the drive-through , authorities say Customers would receive the drug in Happy Meal boxes , a criminal complaint says Shantia Dennis is charged with possession , criminal use of a communication facility
CNN  -- The blaze that killed two Boston firefighters last week was unintentionally caused by a welding operation , Boston fire officials said Friday . But prosecutors have yet to determine whether anyone was criminally culpable , Boston Police Commissioner William Evans told reporters . The welders did not have a required permit . The nine-alarm fire occurred on March 26 at a brick brownstone in Boston 's Back Bay neighborhood . Lt. Edward Walsh , 43 , and firefighter Michael Kennedy , 33 , were killed . Thirteen other firefighters were injured . Fire Commissioner John Hasson told reporters that the blaze was caused by sparks from welding in the rear of the building . The sparks probably festered in the wooden structure , with flames later fed by strong winds off the Charles River . "  We 're confident this was an unintentional death at this time , " Evans said . "  Whether anyone should be held culpable for this event , as the investigation goes on , that will be a determination made by investigators in the District Attorney 's Office . " Ed Zabin , chief of the homicide unit for the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office , said investigators would try to determine whether anyone was criminally responsible . He said welders were installing an iron hand rail behind the building . Evans and Hasson said that no fire detail was present at the job site and that the welders did not have a required permit . "  In most cases , " Hasson said , "  a fire detail is required . " Walsh had worked with the Boston Fire Department for close to 10 years , and Kennedy had 6 1/2 years on the job . Walsh was married with three children , all under the age of 10 . Kennedy was a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps . Walsh and Kennedy were trapped soon after entering the building . They were later found in the basement , where the fire appeared to have started . Fueled by strong winds , flames quickly engulfed the four-story building . An explosion at one point threw a number of firefighters down stairs . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	A wind-fueled fire that killed two Boston firefighters was unintentional , fire officials say Prosecutors have yet to determine criminal culpability ; welders did not have permit The blaze killed Lt. Edward Walsh , 43 , and firefighter Michael Kennedy , 33 Thirteen other firefighters were injured
New York  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Thursday designated Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Shaun Donovan as the federal point person to lead the recovery effort from Superstorm Sandy , a little over two weeks after the rare mix of converging weather slammed into the Northeast . "  We thought it 'd be good to have a New Yorker , " Obama said , referencing Donovan 's previous stint atop the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development . The agency is thought to be among the nation 's largest municipal developers of low - to mid-income housing . "  FEMA basically runs the recovery process , " the president said . "  It does n't focus on the rebuilding . For that , we 've got to have all government agencies involved . " He addressed reporters beside Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Michael Bloomberg in hard-hit Staten Island , where more than half of New York City 's 43 storm deaths occurred . Obama also toured Rockaway Peninsula , where a tidal surge and heavy winds lashed homes and businesses and rendered much of the region without power . "  We are going to be here until the rebuilding is complete , " he said . "  I 'm also going to be coming back in the future to make sure that we have followed through on that commitment . " Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast As of Thursday evening , about 4,000 households remained without power across New York , officials said . It was not clear if that number included thousands of customers the Long Island Power Authority previously reported as "  unable to safely receive power without customer repairs . " About 1,400 customers were without power in New Jersey , officials there said . On October 31 , Obama broke from his re-election campaign to meet with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and assess the widespread damage near Atlantic City , two days after Superstorm Sandy barreled through . On Wednesday , the Federal Emergency Management Agency said the federal government 's typical approach to disaster relief , such as the widespread use of emergency trailers for displaced residents and long-term rental assistance , does n't work as well in New York , where space is limited . "  New York is a unique housing environment , " said Michael Byrne , federal coordinating officer for FEMA . "  We had to come up with something . " He said FEMA will work to make short-term repairs to homes to make them habitable . More complete repairs will come later , Byrne said . Rental housing vacancies across New York City are less than 5 % , while holiday season hotel rooms are packed with tourists and travelers , leaving few options for those in need of shelter , authorities said , so getting those hit by the storm back into their own homes became a priority . Meanwhile , concerns over basic supplies and gas shortages have started to diminish , though New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said Thursday that his office had initiated the beginnings of "  a wide-ranging investigation " over price gouging "  after receiving hundreds of complaints from consumers across the state of New York . " Long Island 's odd/even gas rationing program will end at midnight Friday , said Nassau and Suffolk County Executives . The program was put into effect November 9 . On Sunday , Vice President Joe Biden is expected to tour areas of New Jersey hard hit by Superstorm Sandy , the White House said . CNN 's Adam Aigner-Treworgy , Rande Iaboni and Rob Frehse contributed to this report	Obama designates HUD secretary to be point person for New York storm recovery effort Gas rationing will end Friday in Nassau and Suffolk County Households without power across New York down to about 4,000 , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- A senior U.S. official is denying allegations that American officials ignored warnings by the Moroccan-born wife of David Headley , a Drug Enforcement Administration informer in Pakistan who was convicted of helping to plan the 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai . "  She expressed concern about individuals that her husband was hanging around with , " he said . "  She had concerns that they were involved in a terrorist plot . She had no details about who he was associated with or what they might be contemplating . " He added , "  There was nothing specific . There was nothing necessarily to follow up on . " The official , speaking on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the subject , said the wife "  walked into the U.S. Embassy in December 2007 . There was a follow-up meeting in 2008 . That was the last contact that we had with her . " The attack occurred in November 2008 . An American former wife of Headley also expressed concern about Headley 's activities to U.S. investigators two years earlier , news reports say , but Headley was able to continue his contacts and training with militants in Pakistan . The senior U.S. official denied , however , that the information was ignored . "  We took what the wives told us seriously , " he insisted . This official said the State Department shared the information with "  relevant " U.S. agencies . He said he did not know whether that information was shared with Pakistan . He would not say whether the information was shared with India , although he added that , as a matter of course , the U.S. shares intelligence with India and did so both before and after the Mumbai attacks . Asked whether the State Department fully investigated the Moroccan wife 's concerns , the official said that since the United States has limited authority in a foreign country it "  checked out what she told us . " He provided no details . Monday , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters that if the United States had had specific information on possible planning for the Mumbai attacks it would have shared it with India . "  We would have absolutely provided it to the Indian government , you know , beforehand , " he said . "  The fact is that while we had information and concerns , it did not detail a time or place of the attack . " Any information she did provide was followed up on , Crowley said . "  We followed up on that information and provided it to relevant agencies across the U.S. government , " he said at a State Department news conference .	The information received included "  nothing specific , " a U.S. official says It came from the wife of a man later convicted of helping plan the attack Reports : A former wife had expressed concern about the man two years earlier
Jonesboro , Arkansas  CNN  -- Three men who served 18 years in prison following their convictions in a 1993 triple-slaying in West Memphis , Arkansas , walked free Friday to cheers from a supportive crowd after entering new pleas in the case . "  I want to be out . I deserve to be out , " said Jason Baldwin , who along with Damien Echols and Jessie Misskelley Jr. , was freed after entering rarely used pleas in which they maintained their innocence but acknowledged that prosecutors have evidence to convict them . Echols and Baldwin entered what is known as an Alford plea on three counts of first degree murder . Misskelley entered similar pleas to one count of first degree murder and two counts of second degree murder . Craighead County Circuit Judge David Laser sentenced the three to the 18 years already served and imposed a 10-year suspended sentence -- meaning they could be returned to jail if they violate the law . "  I do n't think that it will make the pain go away to the victim families . I do n't think it will make the pain go away to the defendant families , " Laser said , adding it was nevertheless the best for all involved . Echols was previously sentenced to death and Misskelley and Baldwin were given life sentences in the May 1993 slayings of second-graders Steven Branch , Christopher Byers and Michael Moore . The boys ' bodies were mutilated and left in a ditch , hogtied with their own shoelaces . Prosecutors argued that the men who were convicted , teenagers at the time , were driven by satanic ritual and that Echols had been the ringleader . Critics of the case against the men argued that no direct evidence tied the three to the murders and that a knife recovered from a lake near the home of one of the men could not have caused the boys ' wounds . More recent DNA testing also demonstrated no links , according to the men 's supporters . Echols said after his release that he was "  very much in shock , very overwhelmed . " "  I 'm just tired , " Echols said . "  This has been going on for over 18 years , and it 's been an absolute living hell . " Baldwin said he did n't initially want to accept the deal . "  This was not justice , " he said , adding that he dropped his opposition to pave the way for Echols ' release from death row . "  He had it so much worse than I had it , " Baldwin said of Echols . "  It 's just insufferable to put a person through that . " While prosecuting attorney Scott Ellington said the pleas entered Friday validate the decision of jurors who sent the men to prison , it also spares Arkansas the possibility of a retrial , which would have been difficult to prosecute after so many years , or a potential civil lawsuit by the men . The trio had been on course to win the right to new trials later this year . "  This is an appropriate resolution to this case at this time , " Ellington , who works in Arkansas ' second judicial district , told reporters . "  Only time will tell as to whether this was a right decision on my part . " Although supporters of the men , dubbed the West Memphis 3 , believe the true killer remains free , Ellington said he believes the pleas resolve the case . "  I have no reason to believe there was anyone else involved in the homicide of these three children but the three defendants who pled guilty today , " he said . But he said the state could file charges against others if new evidence emerges implicating someone else in the case . Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel said his staff had been helping Ellington 's staff prepare for a state Supreme Court hearing on the case scheduled for December . But he said he learned this week that Ellington had accepted a plea deal proposed by the defense . "  I continue to believe that these defendants are guilty of the crimes for which they have now been twice convicted , " McDaniel said in a release . "  Prosecutors know their cases better than anyone . In this case , Mr. Ellington has exercised his discretion in such a way that has led to nine murder convictions that can never be appealed . " The case has drawn national attention , with actor Johnny Depp and singers Eddie Vedder and Natalie Maines trying to rally support for the men 's release . Vedder and Maines were at the courthouse on Friday . John Mark Byers , whose stepson Christopher Byers was one of the three victims , said he believes the three men are innocent and releasing them without exonerating them of the crime is an outrage . "  They 're innocent . They did not kill my son , " Byers said before the hearing . The father of another of the victims , Steven Branch , also blasted the decision , but for another reason . "  I do n't know what kind of deal they worked up , " Steve Branch told CNN affiliate WMC-TV before the hearing . "  Now you can get some movie stars and a little bit of money behind you , and you can walk free for killing somebody . " But Jessie Misskelley Sr. said he was happy that his son would be getting out of prison . "  I thought it might be some kind of publicity stunt . I ca n't believe it but it 's real , " he told WMC . The three men were seeking a retrial in the case , and a hearing had been scheduled for a new trial . The state Supreme Court ruled in November that the three could present new evidence to the trial court after DNA testing between 2005 and 2007 failed to link them to the crime . The material included hair from a ligature used to bind Moore and a hair recovered from a tree stump near where the bodies were found , Arkansas Supreme Court documents said . The hair found in the ligature was consistent with Branch 's stepfather , Terry Hobbs , while the hair found on the tree stump was consistent with the DNA of a friend of Hobbs , according to the documents . Police have never considered Hobbs a suspect , and he maintains that he had nothing to do with the murders . Echols and Baldwin said in a news conference after the men were released that they would continue to work to clear their names , something Baldwin said authorities are n't trying to do . "  They 're not out there trying to find out who really murdered those boys , " he said .	NEW : Arkansas ' AG backs the prosecutor , says he still believes the men are guilty The men , who say they are innocent , can now work to free their names , one says The "  West Memphis 3 " go free after entering new pleas in a 1993 murder case They were convicted of killing three West Memphis second-graders in 1993
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House released the text Monday of a controversial back-to-school speech to students from President Obama . The uproar over President Obama 's back-to-school speech led the White House to release the transcript Monday . Many conservatives have expressed a fear that the address would be used to push a partisan political agenda . In the text of the speech , however , Obama avoids any mention of controversial political initiatives . He repeatedly urges students to work hard and stay in school . "  No matter what you want to do with your life , I guarantee that you 'll need an education to do it , " he says . "  This is n't just important for your own life and your own future . What you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country . " The text of the 18-minute speech was posted on the White House Web site so people can read it before its scheduled Internet broadcast to schoolchildren Tuesday . Read text of Obama 's speech to students  pdf Some of the president 's critics have been adamantly opposed to the idea of an address by Obama to children . "  The president 's speeches tend to be -LSB- about -RSB- what 's wrong with the country and what can we do to fix it , " said Bill Hogsett , a parent from Dallas , Texas . "  I believe this is the greatest country on Earth , and I try to teach that to my children . ... I do n't want them hearing that there 's a fundamental flaw with the country and the kids need to go forward to fix it . " Hogsett , who spoke Monday shortly before Obama 's remarks were released , said he wanted to read the speech before making a final judgment . Amy Veasley , another parent from the Dallas area , said she was surprised by the controversy . "  The president of our country wants to call our students to action . I 'm not sure why parents would n't want their students to hear out the leader of our country , " she said . A Baltimore , Maryland , teacher who asked not to be identified bemoaned the fact that the country has "  become so polarized that we believe that our president is an enemy and not our leader . " During Bush 's presidency , she said , "  whether I disagreed or not , I still saw him as a leader . " On Sunday , Secretary of Education Arne Duncan said that parents who are threatening to keep their children home Tuesday to avoid Obama 's speech were being "  silly . " Appearing on the CBS program "  Face the Nation , " Duncan emphasized that it is up to school officials whether to include the speech in the day 's activities and that the message of the speech is simply to encourage children to finish school . "  That 's just silly , " he said of anyone planning to have their kids stay home because of the speech . "  They can go to school . They can not watch . " The speech is about "  the president challenging young people , " Duncan asserted . Some school administrators have decided to show the president 's speech , but others will not . Watch CNN 's Ed Henry talk about school speech uproar " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a possible contender for the GOP 's 2012 presidential nomination , said Sunday that Obama 's speech would disrupt an already-hectic first day of school for many students . "  I think there 's concerns about the disruption , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " calling the scheduling of the speech a "  little ham-fisted " by the White House . Watch school reject Obama 's speech on education " "  There -LSB- are -RSB- also concerns about is this going to be done in an appropriate manner . I trust and hope that the White House will have a content that is not political and they 're not using the public school infrastructure for that purpose . " Duncan , however , noted Obama 's speech is not unprecedented . President George H.W. Bush delivered a nationally televised speech to students from a Washington school in fall 1991 , encouraging them to say no to drugs and work hard . Read text of Bush 's speech to students  pdf In November 1988 , President Reagan delivered more politically charged remarks that were made available to students nationwide . Among other things , Reagan called taxes "  such a penalty on people that there 's no incentive for them to prosper ... because they have to give so much to the government . " Read text of Reagan 's speech to students  pdf Some of the controversy over Obama 's speech involved a proposed lesson plan created by the Education Department to accompany the address . An initial version of the plan recommended that students draft letters to themselves discussing "  what they can do to help the president . " The letters "  would be collected and redistributed at an appropriate later date by the teacher to make students accountable to their goals , " the plan stated . After pressure from conservatives , the White House distributed a revised version encouraging students to write letters about how they can "  achieve their short-term and long-term education goals . " Duncan said Sunday that the passage was poorly worded . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told "  Fox News Sunday " that Obama 's speech is a good idea if the message is a positive one about completing school . "  It is good to have the president of the United States say to young people across America , ` Stay in school , study , and do your homework , ' " Gingrich said . Florida Republican Party Chairman Jim Greer last week accused Obama of trying to "  indoctrinate America 's children to his socialist agenda . " "  Now that the White House got their hand in the cookie jar caught , they changed everything , " he said Monday . After reading the text , he said , "  My kids will be watching the president 's speech , as I hope all kids will . " CNN 's Lauren Kornreich and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this story .	Speech posted on Web site Monday for parents , pundits to view Obama says , "  No matter what you want to do ... you 'll need an education " Secretary of Education Arne Duncan : "  Silly " of parents to keep kids out of school Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty : Speech could cause first-day "  disruption "
Washington  CNN  -- Pro-gun activist Adam Kokesh , recently seen in an Internet video loading and cocking a shotgun , is being held in a Washington jail for three days pending a detention hearing on Monday , a judge ruled . He is charged with carrying a rifle or shotgun outside a home or place of business , an offense that carries a maximum of five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 5,000 . Kokesh , an Iraq veteran , made headlines with a July Fourth video posted to YouTube in which he loaded a shotgun in the middle of the national capital 's Freedom Plaza . He also used Facebook to call for an armed march in Washington for the same day but called off the event in May . It is illegal to carry firearms in the District of Columbia . District of Columbia Magistrate Judge Lori Parker said Kokesh "  poses a danger " and went "  out of his way " to violate the district 's laws . Kokesh 's attorney , Peter Cooper , said after the appearance in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia that his client is making a "  political statement , " but argued the government is doing the same thing . "  Their allegation about danger , I believe , is unwarranted , " Cooper said . Kokesh was originally arrested July 9 after a police search of his suburban Washington home in Herndon , Virginia , found a firearm and an illicit drug , an illegal combination in the state of Virginia . He posted bond on Thursday for that charge , but "  never saw the light of day " as police picked him up soon afterward , Cooper said . Kokesh has a history of publicly airing his opinions . He was discharged from the Marines in 2007 for wearing his uniform during an anti-war protest . In his now infamous YouTube video , Kokesh states : "  We will not be silent . We will not obey . We will not allow our government to destroy our humanity . " Then , loading shells into the shotgun , he looks into a camera , saying , "  We are the final American revolution . See you next Independence Day . " CNN 's Leslie Bentz and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	Kokesh faces charges related to video made in District of Columbia In video , he loads a shotgun in the middle of Washington 's Freedom Plaza It is illegal to carry firearms in the District of Columbia
The Frisky  -- By T-minus 18 days until the Oscars and , of course , we are all starting to place bets on who we think will walk away with little golden men this year . Luckily , the Academy has proven itself to be pretty darn predictable over the years . If you 're America 's Sweetheart , you 'll probably win Best Actress . If you sing in a flick , you are almost guaranteed Oscar gold . But there 's another trend we 've been noticing lately : the winners for Best Actress and Best Actor tend to be the person who 's taken on the based-on-a-true-story role . In fact , 10 of the 20 top honors given in the 2000s went to actors who portrayed real people . Let 's take a look , shall we ? Last year , Sandra Bullock won Best Actress -- just days after taking home a Razzie -- for playing Leigh Anne Tuohy , the Southern mom who took in Michael Oher and helped coach him toward football greatness . The real Leigh Anne was in the theater to see Sandra accept her award . The Frisky : 12 Female Celebs Reveal Their True Size In 2008 , Sean Penn won the Academy Award for Best Actor -- again ! -- for playing Harvey Milk , the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California . I still remember the gorgeous mermaid-scale gown that Marion Cotillard won when she accepted the Oscar for Best Actress in 2007 for her role in "  La Vie En Rose . " In the movie , she played Edith Piaf , an extremely popular singer in France who was also known for her out-of-control social life . In many ways , Marion won for playing the Britney Spears of 1950s France . The Frisky : 12 Starlets Married And Divorced By 26 In 2006 's "  The Queen , " Helen managed to out-Elizabeth Queen Elizabeth II herself in the movie about the aftermath of Princess Diana 's death . Helen , of course , won Oscar gold for her efforts . Philip Seymour Hoffman was one of two actors to portray writer Truman Capote in a two-year span . His uncanny portrayal netted him a Best Actor win in 2005 . The Frisky : 10 Celebs Who Fancy Themselves Doctors That same year , Reese Witherspoon won Best Actress for playing another beloved real character -- June Carter Cash , the wife of Johnny Cash . In the movie , Reese did n't sound exactly like June as she warbled "  Jackson , " but put her own spin on the classic tune . Blame it on the al-al-al-alcohol , but sometimes I forget that Jamie Foxx is an Oscar winner . He won Best Actor in 2004 for his portrayal of iconic ivory-tickler Ray Charles in "  Ray . " The Frisky : Scandalous 9 Celebrity Pairs Spotted Leaving A Party Together Charlize Theron broke out of the former-model mold when she played Aileen Wuornos , a prostitute who killed at least six men . By gaining 30 pounds , rocking a mullet , and perfecting an eyebrow-less , terrifying stare , Charlize won Best Actress in 2003 . Adrien Brody may be in beer ads now , but in 2003 he was riding high after winning the Oscar for Best Actor in "  The Pianist . " In the movie , he played Jewish piano virtuoso Szpilman , who survived the Nazi invasion of Poland . In 2000 , Julia Roberts took on the role of a brash single mother who , without a law degree , helped construct a lawsuit against Pacific Gas and Electric Company . She won an Oscar for her real-life role in "  Erin Brockovich . " The real Erin , however , did not get a statue for her cameo in the flick as a waitress who takes Julia 's order . The Frisky : 10 Reasons Why We Need The "  Arrested Development " Movie To Happen So who will the real character effect benefit this year ? Interestingly , none of the nominees for Best Actress played screen versions of actual people . But this will make for a very tight race for Best Actor , with Jesse Eisenberg portraying Facebook creator Mark Zuckererg in "  The Social Network , " Colin Firth playing a stuttering King George VI in "  The King 's Speech , " and James Franco as Aron Ralston , a mountain climber who has to hack off his own arm in "  127 Hours . " Which of them do you think will win ? TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Sandra Bullock won Best Actress for playing Leigh Anne Tuohy Sean Penn won the Academy Award for for playing Harvey Milk Julia Roberts won an Oscar for her real-life role in "  Erin Brockovich "
CNN  We may not have seen the last of FBI Special Agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully . Fox Television Group co-chairmen and CEOs Gary Newman and Dana Walden confirmed rumors on Saturday that the network is interested in reviving the hit science fiction drama , "  The X-Files . " The series , which starred David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson as a pair of paranormal investigators , ran for nine seasons from 1993 to 2002 . "  It 's true that we 've had some conversations on ` X-Files , ' " Newman said , according to Entertainment Weekly . "  We 're hopeful of being able to bring that back at some point . " The comments at the Television Critics Association 's winter press tour were widely reported by such outlets as Variety , Entertainment Weekly and Deadline . Walden said Fox had kept up good relations with creator Chris Carter and the co-stars . "  We 're very hopeful , but it 's hard . The actors are very busy . They have a lot going on . Chris has a lot on his plate , so it 's just trying to carve out the time . " Some fans saw the announcement as evidence of the success of Twitter hashtag campaign #XFiles2015 . Anderson recently encouraged "  X-philes " to keep the hashtag going . The network has had some success in reviving old series . "  Family Guy , " which originally ran from 1999 to 2002 , has been a hit since it was brought back in 2005 . Critics and viewers raved over the summer 2014 reboot of "  24 " -- so much so that Fox has said it would be interested in continuing that series with or without star Kiefer Sutherland . The network was full of news on Saturday , announcing new seasons for hit series "  Empire , " "  Gotham " and "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine . " Casting has also begun for "  Grease Live "  Julianne Hough and Vanessa Hudgens  and horror comedy "  Scream Queens "  Lea Michele , Joe Mangianello and Ariana Grande  .	Fox CEO confirms "  conversations " about bringing back hit sci-fi series Actress Gillian Anderson urges fans to tweet #XFiles2015 to Fox
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Face-to-face questioning of potential jurors to hear the case against Michael Jackson 's doctor began in a packed Los Angeles courtroom Friday morning , four days ahead of the opening statements and testimony . The pool of 84 potential jurors in court appeared diverse , although only six were African-American . Each side will be allowed 10 "  peremptory challenges , " allowing them to get rid of jurors without stating a reason . Prosecutors and defense lawyers mutually agreed in closed-door sessions Wednesday and Thursday on which potential jurors in a pool of 145 were too biased to put their prejudices aside to decide if Dr. Conrad Murray is criminally responsible for the pop icon 's death , according to Murray defense lawyer Michael Flanagan . "  Both sides just want to get a fair jury that has n't made up their mind and is willing to make a decision based upon the facts , " Flanagan said after Thursday 's jury selection session . Lead defense lawyer Ed Chernoff said there were no surprising reasons for striking jurors "  for cause , " and the pool was filled with people who could be open-minded . "  Time ameliorates things , " Chernoff said . Flanagan predicted Thursday afternoon that Friday 's jury selection would "  go very fast . " While most judges allow defense lawyers an hour to question potential jurors , Pastor is allowing just 20 minutes for each side , Flanagan said . "  Twenty minutes is a pretty short period of time , " Flanagan said . "  You ca n't say ` hi ' to everybody in 20 minutes . " It is expected 12 jurors and six alternates will be chosen by the end of court Friday . Murray , who is charged with involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death , would face up to four years in prison if the jury finds him guilty . The "  for cause " strikes were based mostly on written answers potential jurors gave to 113 questions earlier this month . Lawyers had a week to study the questionnaire responses , a process they went through once before in April before the trial was delayed for several months . "  One of the things that we learned in the case the last go-around in the jury selection , it 's absolutely shocking how many jurors think already they know everything about this case , " Chernoff said in an interview last week with Jean Casarez , a reporter with CNN sister network In Session . Opening statements for the trial , which will be televised , are scheduled for September 27 . The judge told members of the jury pool he expects their service will be over on or about October 28 . The Los Angeles coroner has ruled that Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was caused by an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol combined with other drugs . Prosecutors have accused Murray , who served as Jackson 's personal and full-time physician at the time , of having a role in the overdose . They contend Murray used a makeshift intravenous drip to administer propofol intended to help Jackson sleep , a practice they argue violated the standard of care and led to the pop music icon 's death .	NEW : 84 potential jurors , including six African-Americans , remain in the jury pool Jury selection "  is going to go very fast , " defense lawyer Michael Flanagan says Jury selection is expected to be wrapped up Friday Opening statements in the trial of Michael Jackson 's lawyer are set for Tuesday
CNN  Cody Simpson just wants to make the world happy . That 's why the Australian-born pop star is in Austin , Texas , this week , where he will be performing at a United Nations/MixRadio brunch at the SXSW festival . Simpson , 18 , is the spokesman for the #HappySoundsLike playlist , promoting the U.N. 's International Day of Happiness on Friday , March 20 . The singer and other celebs selected tracks for the playlist . "  There is honestly nothing I can think of that I like to do more than make other people happy through live music , " said Simpson , who will perform a few acoustic tracks at the SXSW brunch . The International Day of Happiness is a global celebration that came about after the U.N. General Assembly adopted a resolution in 2011 recognizing happiness as a "  fundamental human goal . " The observation was decreed in 2012 after the first U.N. conference on happiness , and the first Day of Happiness was held on March 20 , 2013 . Simpson said it makes sense to have music as such an important part of the day . "  I want to be able to share a message of happiness , " the singer said . "  I think music is such an escape for people . " He selected Bob Marley 's "  Three Little Birds " for the playlist . Britney Spears selected Prince 's "  Kiss , " and Pharrell picked Talking Heads ' "  This Must Be the Place . " Ed Sheeran , David Guetta , Charlize Theron , John Legend and James Blunt are also among those taking part . Simpson recently released a cover of Marley 's "  No Woman No Cry " and said the legendary reggae artist is a personal inspiration . "  The majority of music today has no substance , " said Simpson , who is an independent artist . "  You want to be able to feel something true . " As for what makes Simpson the happiest  other than music , of course  , he said it 's the simple things like relaxing with his family and just slowing down . "  Happiness is kind of taken from you if your mind is too busy , " he said . "  Be present in that moment . " Fans are being encouraged to post the song that makes them the happiest using the social media hashtag #HappySoundsLike .	Simpson helped curate the playlist to celebrate the UN 's International Day of Happiness He will mark the day by performing at the SXSW festival Fans are encouraged to share the songs that make them happy
London , England  CNN  -- The launch of the Facebook Home app has reignited the privacy debate over whether the social networking site is becoming too integrated in our lives . Unveiled last week , Home integrates all of the social network 's services into the operating system of Android phones . Instead of having to download apps to use Instagram , Facebook Messenger , and Facebook Camera , access to these features is consolidated into Facebook Home , which appears on the user 's home screen . Typically for a Facebook launch , it has attracted fierce criticism . CNN contributor Andrew Keen , an expert in the digital economy , said : "  Facebook wants to know everything we do , so they can sell more advertising . It shows that Facebook has absolutely no respect for our privacy . " "  They are by definition creepy , untrustworthy and they 've proven that time and time again , " he added . Facebook has responded to the criticism following the launch in a blog post to say that the data Home would collect is no different from what the social networking site already tracks and that it is used internally to improve the user experience . For tech-savvy digital natives , who share personal information frequently and tend to see value in such personal disclosures , the polemic around Home could be seen as a non-issue . It also could be argued that privacy is a long-dead illusion that is fast becoming an outdated concept . David Rowan , editor of technology magazine "  Wired , " thinks so . "  Our concept of privacy is very much a 20th century idea , " he told CNN at Names not Numbers , an idea-sharing and networking conference held in the UK recently . "  All that personal data you are giving to these private companies they are making money on and they decide how it 's going to be used . You lose control of that data . " Commentators say that we should be asking tougher questions about that information is being used . Read more : Using social media to predict the future In his upcoming book "  Who Owns the Future ? " digital pioneer Jaron Lanier discusses how the world 's biggest online services such as Google and Facebook are not in fact "  free " because in return we are duly handing over information about ourselves that can be turned into big money . Read more : 5 tips for controlling your privacy online But can we really move beyond privacy ? Keen thinks that if we do n't act soon , we could . In his latest book , "  Digital Vertigo " , he argues that in California 's Silicon Valley there are people who "  have already discarded privacy as if it 's like gas lighting -- an archaic thing which humans will move beyond . " Keen urges us to consider what privacy really means in the "  Big Data Age . " Read more : Privacy was good while it lasted He talks in apocalyptic terms about a "  scary , nightmarish , dystopian future , " where we live in a world of "  radical transparency " . Technology seems to be moving ever closer to a world where every aspect of our existence is recorded , both at our will and not , and Keen argues that humans are not ready for this , this ability "  to press the rewind button on your life " . "  The internet needs to learn how to forget . All it knows is how to remember . That 's not very human , " he says , arguing that forgetting is as essential to the human condition as remembering . But , in today 's world , the documentation of our every move and every desire is becoming increasingly inescapable . According to Rowan , "  anybody who is using any kind of electronic device is giving up the practical ability to be untrackable . " So pervasive is the power of internet giants that the U.S. government launched an official "  National Data Privacy Day " -- a drive to raise awareness among teenagers and young adults about the importance of maintaining what little privacy they may have left . Keen draws similarities between the negative impacts of the industrial revolution and those of the digital world order , which , he says , "  is in some ways more profound and far-reaching " . Just as "  the downside of industrialization was pollution , data distribution and the invasion of our privacy is the pollution of the big data age . " Monique Rivalland contributed to this report	Sharing personal information online has become the norm Editor of "  Wired " David Rowan thinks privacy has become a "  20th century idea " Experts worried we do n't know implications of how our data is being used online
Remember the days when a washing machine lasted for decades ? If it broke down it could be fixed . But now it seems it is cheaper to discard our broken products and buy new ones . The side effects of our throwaway society are ever-larger waste mountains festering with toxic chemicals and the depletion of natural resources such as rare metals . Europe produced 8.3 to 9.1 millions tons of waste from electrical projects in 2005 . Product makers are responding by designing goods that have a reduced carbon footprint at their point of manufacture , but leading thinkers in the field of sustainable design believe that a radical re-think in the way we consume products is required if we want to halt the growing mountain of toxic waste piling up on the world 's rubbish dumps . Figures recently announced by the U.N. University suggest the production of electronic and electrical products is running neck-and-neck with their disposal : An estimated 10.3 million tons of electronic products were put on the market in the European Union in 2005 , while 8.3 to 9.1 million tons of waste from electrical products found their way into Europe 's rubbish bins . Electronic and electrical products account for four percent of Europe 's waste and the rate is growing at three times the speed of any other form of waste . What is sustainable design ? Sustainable design is a reaction to the global environmental crisis . It aims to produce products , buildings and services , which have a low impact on climate change and the depletion of the world 's resources . In industrial design this includes the use of recycled and recyclable materials ; reducing pollution through cutting down the need for transportation , such as by using locally-sourced materials ; making products which can be taken apart once they are discarded so that their parts that can be used again ; and designing goods which use as little energy as possible while they are being made . While many companies are beginning to think of ways in which they can reduce their environmental impact during the manufacture of their products , many sustainable design experts believe that these measures are not enough to reduce the damage the constant manufacture of products is doing to the world 's eco-system . A change in culture "  Daily life is becoming increasingly mediated by electronic artifacts , " says Jonathan Chapman , editor of Designers , Visionaries and Other Stories , a book which seeks to bring together new thinking on sustainable design . "  These products are great but it seems that as their popularity grows , their impermanence grows with it . " Chapman believes that true sustainability can only be achieved if we moderate our inclination to strive for the newest product , and he argues that the onus is on designers to initiate a shift away from a disposable culture . He proposes a model for consumer behavior based on a service economy -- that products are designed to last longer and to be fixed when they break ; brands can make their profits by providing the services to ensure that this can be done . "  It 's quite conceivable to make objects that do n't necessarily make a profit at the point-of-sale but that , because their life-spans are extended and are punctuated with service and upgrade options , can generate turnover over long periods of time that is greater than making a small profit and having to remanufacture , " he explains . He believes that consumers would be prepared to pay more for their electronic goods if they knew they would last longer . It is an economic model that would make most manufacturers choke , but it is an unfounded fear , says economist Andrew Charlton , author of Ozonomics : Inside the Myth of Australia 's Economic Superheroes . "  The key thing to remember is that human desires know no bounds -- we are never satiated , " he says . "  If we replace an expensive disposable product with a permanent one , that just frees up income to spend on other things . "  Ballpoint pens last longer than quills , tarred roads last longer than cobblestones -- and the economy moves on . Every time we satisfy one demand , another one comes along to take its place . " "  A quarter-inch hole " But it 's not enough to expect consumers to sign up to a longer-life model just because it is ` green ' , says Steve Bishop , head of sustainability at design firm IDEO . Consumers concerned with the sustainability of the products they buy still only make up a small fraction of the market and designers must incorporate energy-saving measures into mainstream thinking , with sustainability as a by-product . Marketing a product as environmentally friendly is "  really addressing a niche market , " he argues . "  It 's putting the responsibility on people and it 's effectively guilting people into buying these things . It should n't be about guilt or sacrifice . It should be about connecting to people 's values and what really matters to them . " Often what really matters to people is saving money . He cites as an example of sustainability-achieved-by-stealth some research IDEO made into the effectiveness of hybrid electric cars . They found that the single feature of the cars that maximized their energy-efficiency was not the variable transmission , the regenerative brakes or the electric motor but a small widget on the dashboard that measures fuel consumption and tells you when you are driving the car most efficiently . "  It 's not so much that they are trying to be green as much as they are trying to get high score , " Bishop concludes . Sustainability must understand and adapt to human behavior , not vice versa , is his verdict . "  People do n't want a quarter-inch drill . They want a quarter-inch hole , " Theodore Levitt , former marketing professor at Harvard Business School and author of Marketing Myopia , used to tell his students . Apple 's iTunes software , a service which allows music fans to download audio files directly onto their computers , is an example of Levitt 's analogy in action . While its main aim was to make listening to music easier , it has inadvertently become a sustainable design model by canceling the need for the compact disc . People still get their end-product -- listening to music -- but without the waste and unnecessary energy consumption that goes into manufacturing a physical item on which to store it . His point is that businesses will have to shift their goal posts and might even have to change the mentality that says that producing more products is the only way to make money . Making a real impact Environmental issues are becoming increasingly important to the public and manufacturers may have to combine ` green ' production techniques with a dramatic change in how consumers relate to the products they buy . "  The real impact happens when you integrate both those things - when you look at the scientific basis and reduce the energy footprint during production but you also look at the psychological and emotional factors during use , " says Chapman . "  When you start to integrate like that , that 's when you start to achieve sustainable design . " E-mail to a friend	Europeans find it cheaper to throw away rather than fix electrical products Electrical products are Europe 's fastest growing form of waste Durable products reduce energy needed to manufacture new ones Sustainable design products have low carbon footprints and use little energy
From the courts of the ancient Pharaohs to a simple game of catch on a spring afternoon ; the ball has a centuries-long history of play . It 's one of our simplest yet most enduring inventions . While the games have evolved , the ball in all its various forms continues to play a key role in different cultures around the world . With many of our favorite games now in full swing -- baseball , basketball , soccer , tennis and golf make for a busy sporting season -- have you ever stopped to think what makes us play ? That 's the question that drives the fascinating new book "  The Ball : Discovering the Object of the Game , " from anthropologist and sports enthusiast John Fox . Fox was inspired by that simple but curious question from his 8-year old son . Seeking the answer , he set off on a global adventure that included excavating ancient ball courts in Central America and getting a front-row seat to a medieval version of football played by a mob of hundreds in the Scottish Isles . But "  The Ball " is more than a history lesson . Fox goes beyond the origin of sport and offers some surprising insight into why we love the games we play . CNN recently spoke to Fox from his home in Boston about the book . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : Your book starts with a basic question from your son , "  Why do we play ball ? " Did you find an answer ? Fox : I would n't say I found an answer . It 's a philosophical question as much as a scientific one , but what I did find was a variety of answers that add up to something interesting . One of the things that surprised me was just learning about why we play in the first place and what the benefits are psychologically and cognitively . We think of playing sports as having obvious physical rewards , but I learned that play is a way that we develop knowledge and cognitive skills about the world . The importance of playing ball for our ability in becoming intelligent , sentient beings is as important as any physical benefits . That surprised me because I do n't think we think of play as something that makes us smarter . It makes us able to think better and faster and that was a revelation . CNN : You visited the Scottish isle of Orkney to see an ancient version of football still played there . What was that like ? Fox : Orkney is an extraordinary place on the edge of the world so steeped in tradition . It 's not surprising that it 's a place where you would find this vestige of old football that 's hung on for hundreds of years . This game is played only twice a year , which automatically elevates it to a level of importance . It 's more than a game ; it 's a communal rite . So when you go there you 're immediately swept up in all of that . It 's pretty rough and tumble when you get 200 men battling for six hours on cobblestone streets over a ball . What I was profoundly struck by was how much that game gave the players and the families a sense of place , a sense of belonging and a sense of tradition . Coming back year after year to play this game and watch this game really defines who they are . I feel like there 's elements of that in why we play and why we love sports , but I feel like we 've kind of lost touch with that to some extent and these people in Orkney really understand it and they live it . CNN : With the success of the Beijing games , and Qatar due to host the World Cup , it seems like sports is becoming more global than ever . Would you agree ? Fox : Look at soccer , it came out of these small villages in England and France , a very particular cultural context in medieval times and yet the entire world has embraced this game . It shows that these sports have the ability to transcend culture , to transcend language and other barriers , race and so on . I think the Olympics and the World Cup are the best examples of that . I believe the last World Cup final was watched by literally half the world . I think it was over 3 billion people watched that game . Can you think of any other single thing that half the world is doing at any moment ? I can tell you there 's just nothing else . It is heartening . Despite all the controversies , the idea of the world coming out to play together , following a common set of rules , that 's pretty profound . CNN : How do Americans compare to sports fans in other countries ? Fox : I think about the same . There are definitely parts of the world that are more passionate than others . What 's unique about the U.S. is in many respects the games we play . We like our own games and that does distinguish us . We have this history of go-it-alone American exceptionalism whereby we chose to play baseball . We chose to play our own variation on football and only recently warmed up to playing what came to be known as soccer . To me that 's what makes us unique . It 's less the passion and more what we 're passionate about . CNN : Do controversies like the NFL bounties say something about sports culture in the U.S. ? Fox : I do n't think scandal is unique to American sports in any way . There have been plenty of scandals around bribes related to World Cup sites and plenty of stuff coming out of the Olympics . I think with scandals emerging a lot of it has to do with the massive infusion of money into international sports . These are multi-national enterprises . The stakes are very high for everyone involved . It 's not surprising that over time you see more and more scandal . Looking at America , we put so much importance on the sports we watch . They 're more than games . Again , there 's a sense of belonging and identity . So we take umbrage when steroids violate our sense of fair play or when we find out that football players are being paid extra on the side to injure the quarterback of another team like we 've seen with the NFL bounty scandal . Violence has been part of football all along . It 's one of the reasons we 're riveted by the game , but the bounties push it over the edge . The object became to injure another player and I think that 's unfortunate because then it 's no longer play in my opinion . CNN : How do you see sport evolving in the future ? Fox : One of the things I found really heartening in a way is that sports have evolved a fair bit , but not as much as you would imagine . As focused as I was on the ball , I spent time at a football factory in Ohio and the technology they were using to hand craft these Super Bowl footballs was really not that far off from what was being done in a cobbler 's shop in England in the 1850s . I think in the future , we 'll see more interaction between digital technology and live sports . There 's a lot of interesting work going on with smart footballs , equipment with GPS and other instruments embedded within them so you can integrate the viewer 's experience on screen with what 's happening on the field in a more seamless way . So a quarterback can get readouts on exactly how he 's handling and throwing a ball or how it 's being caught . I think you 'll see bit by bit that kind of technology creeping more and more into the game . I look ahead and I do n't see dramatic revolutions , I see incremental change . Watch an ancient version of football on John Fox 's website . Why do you think we 're so obsessed with ball games ? Add your theories in the comments section below .	John Fox wrote "  The Ball " in response to a question from his 8-year-old son Fox says ball games are an ancient and worldwide tradition He predicts more interaction between digital technology and live sports in the future
Two members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot were detained briefly Tuesday in central Sochi , after apparently being considered suspects in a theft at their hotel , and then released . "  A survey in connection with the theft at the Hotel Adler is completed , there is no claim against those questioned , " police said in a prepared statement . Earlier in the day , band members Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova were meeting with journalists when police detained them , according to Tolokonnikova 's husband , Petr Verzilov . Russian media corroborated the report . "  They were put to the floor and beaten and physical force was used to them when they refused to be questioned without the presence of their lawyer , who was on his way to the police department , " Verzilov told reporters . "  Unbelievable lawlessness , even we are amazed , " tweeted Tolokonnikova . "  Beat on the floor of the department , in the Olympic capital ! " Invoking the name of Russian President Vladimir Putin , she added , "  They dragged me on the floor in the hall of the department , hands tied behind back and thrown to the floor . Putin will teach you to love the motherland ! " She said they would file a complaint with the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation . The two women had been walking down a street accompanied by the journalists , three other members of Pussy Riot who use pseudonyms , and two local activists , when a group of about 10 plainclothes police approached them and asked for their identification , said "  Tank , " one of the anonymous bandmates . The police said they suspected Tolokonnikova may have had something to do with a theft in the hotel where the band members were staying , Tank said . The officers then took away the band members , activists and journalists for questioning . Tolokonnikova , Alyokhina and Tank tweeted the news about their detention from their cell phones , with Tolokonnikova posting photos of what she said was the vehicle that was taking her to a police station . In a separate tweet , Alyokhina said they had been forced into a police van after being stopped near the Church of Mikhail the Archangel and accused of committing a crime . Tank called CNN from the police station , complaining about having to wait there with no information from police . They were not put in handcuffs , she said . Recently free The band members were in Sochi to protest what they said was the lack of freedom of speech and to record a song in English critical of Putin and called "  Putin will teach you to love the homeland . " Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina had been imprisoned for nearly two years after being convicted of "  hooliganism " and inciting religious hatred for performing a punk song slamming Putin in a Moscow cathedral and then posting a video of it online . Since their release , just before the Olympic Games began , they have spoken to journalists about their time behind bars , describing the conditions as squalid and their treatment by guards as demeaning and inhumane . A third member of Pussy Riot , Yekaterina Samutsevich , was released in 2012 . This month , other band members said Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina were no longer part of the group , which Verzilov said Tuesday was false .	Police say there is "  no claim " against detained band members Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova were meeting journalists Police detained them , three other band members , activists and journalists They were in Sochi to record an anti-Putin political protest song
CNN  -- One person was killed and 16 others hospitalized Saturday afternoon when a sports bar tent collapsed during a storm that swept through the St. Louis area , fire officials said . The man killed was identified Sunday as Alfred Goodman , a 58-year-old from Waterloo , Illinois , according to St. Louis police spokeswoman Schron Jackson . Five people suffered serious injuries . Nearly 100 others were treated at the scene , mostly for bruises , cuts , twisted ankles and one broken arm , officials said . They were all among St. Louis Cardinals baseball fans celebrating their team 's victory over the Milwaukee Brewers at Kilroy 's , a bar located just south of Busch Stadium that had a tent set up in the rear , according to fire Capt. Dan Sutter . Wind gusts estimated to be about 50 miles per hour lifted the tent , according to Eddie Roth , the city 's public safety director . While the tent had received a city permit , manufacturer guidelines called for it to withstand winds of up to 90 miles per hour , said building commissioner Frank Oswald . Oswald said officials had not yet determined whether there was a manufacturing or installation failure . The fire marshal was to conduct an investigation into the incident . Up to 150 fans may have been under the tent , built of aluminum poles and guy wires , when the storm struck shortly before 4 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  . "  We had live wires lying on the ground . We have severe injuries to quite a few people , " said St. Louis Fire Chief Dennis Jenkerson . "  This gives us nightmares . " "  The music was loud and people had been in attendance at the ball game all afternoon , " Deputy Fire Chief John Altmann told reporters . "  I do n't think they were really aware of the seriousness of the situation . " The tent came to rest on a railroad trestle . The area had been under a severe thunderstorm watch , with a warning issued shortly before the incident . "  Anytime we put a lot of people in open areas and you have hazardous weather , it is a dangerous situation , " Altmann said . Oswald said he believed the tent met manufacturer construction specifications . The city inspects such structures for fire safety and exit lights , but installation is up to the contractor . Inspectors were on site after the permit was issued earlier this month , according to Oswald . "  Like the chief said , it is important that people are aware of the weather situation , " he said . "  These are temporary structures . They are certainly not designed to any stretch of the imagination to handle a severe weather event like this . Be aware of your surroundings and try to get somewhere safe . " Video shot by KSDK showed remains of the crumpled tent and dazed patrons standing outside . A strong thunderstorm north of the city produced golf-ball-sized and larger hail , according to National Weather Service meteorologist Jim Kramper . A tornado warning for downtown St. Louis expired before 7 p.m. CNN 's Greg Morrison , Jacqui Jeras and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : The man killed is identified by police as Illinois resident Alfred Goodman , 58 The city had issued a permit for the tent ; an investigation will be conducted Wind hits sports bar tent near Busch Stadium in St. Louis Fire officials say one person was killed , at least 16 hospitalized
CNN  -- One of the worst-hit cities in the Philippines , Tacloban , has been completely devastated by Typhoon Haiyan . The capital city of Leyte province , nearly 400 miles south-east of Manila , was one of the first places hit by the storm . Around 200,000 people were made homeless in a matter of hours as a wall of ocean water flattened their houses . Tacloban City Stadium was one of just a handful of structures in the area to withstand the storm , despite its coastal location . It is now being used as a refugee center where thousands of people have taken shelter . Scroll the slider above to see the stadium before and after the storm . CNN 's Ivan Watson toured the typhoon-devastated Tacloban region by air , read his personal account of the destruction he saw .	The stadium was one of just a handful of structures in Tacloban to withstand the storm It is now being used as a refugee center where thousands have taken shelter Scroll the slider above to see the Tacloban stadium before and after the storm
CNN  -- On Wednesday some U.S. wireless carriers implemented the first part of a national strategy to deter cell phone theft : a joint "  blacklist " database of identifying information about cell phones reported lost or stolen . As of now , cell phone dealers are supposed check this database before honoring requests to reactivate allegedly "  locked-out " phones , in order to prevent people from using stolen phones . It used to be that when you reported a phone lost or stolen , your carrier would suspend service to that device . But the person who stole your phone  or someone who bought it from the thief  could still walk into a cell phone dealer and get your phone reactivated under a new account . Chris Guttman-McCabe , vice president of regulatory affairs for CTIA  a global association of wireless carriers  , explained : "  The point of the blacklist database is to dry up the aftermarket for stolen phones . If you ca n't reactivate a stolen phone , it 's just a worthless hunk of plastic and metal . " The FCC first announced this PROTECT initiative in April to combat the theft of smartphones , tablets and the data they contain . Under this plan , U.S. carriers that use GSM network technology  that 's AT&T and T-Mobile  committed to launching their databases by October 31 . The other U.S. carriers , which operate CDMA-technology networks , still have over a year to get their lost/stolen phone databases up and running  by November 30 , 2013  . According to CTIA , Sprint/Nextel has already implemented its database . At first these CDMA databases will be carrier-specific ; later the blacklists from all carriers will be integrated into a single database . Carriers which have launched their blacklist databases are now working to educate phone dealers on how to access them . It 's likely that phone dealerships operated by carriers will follow this process -- but educating and gaining cooperation from independently operated phone retailers will be more challenging . Wireless carriers join forces to fight theft "  This will take time , " Guttman-McCabe acknowledged . "  I tend to see this as a glass half full . We 're definitely making progress on fighting this problem , but it 's not solved yet . " In the meantime , carriers are stepping up their efforts to get cell phone users to protect their devices . Public service announcements and other education efforts are under way to remind people to keep their cell phones and tablets locked with a password or PIN code . These carrier efforts include Web pages about phone security , mobile apps , e-mail information , bill inserts , and more . Some carriers such as AT&T and device manufacturers such as Apple offer a free "  remote wipe " service -- allowing users to delete all data from a lost or stolen device to prevent data or identity theft . Other carriers charge for this service , and most mobile security vendors , such as Lookout or Norton , offer remote wipe as part of an annual subscription service package . It is possible to forcibly unlock a phone that is locked with a password or PIN , but this is considerably more difficult for thieves and could act as a deterrent . One factor slowing the implementation of a centralized cross-carrier database of lost or stolen phones is the uneven pace of LTE network rollouts across the U.S. . Some of the identifying information listed in the database is derived from wireless networks , and variations in network technology make it difficult to create consistent and reliable listings for individual devices . So , while the carriers work to dry up the stolen phone aftermarket , take a moment to set up remote wipe service for your phone , remember to keep it locked , and beware of low-cost used phones available for sale on eBay , Craigslist , and elsewhere . If you purchase a device that turns out to be stolen and therefore ca n't activate it , you wo n't get your money back . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	U.S. wireless carriers implement a national strategy to deter cell phone theft A joint "  blacklist " database will contain info about cell phones reported lost or stolen Expert : "  If you ca n't reactivate a stolen phone , it 's just a worthless hunk of plastic and metal "
CNN  -- If there is one clear emotion emerging before November 's U.S. congressional elections , it is that citizens across the political spectrum are worried about government spending and a perceived lack of government accountability regarding where tax dollars are spent . Oddly , the government 's approach to the illegal drug problem -- which has cost U.S. taxpayers more than $ 2.5 trillion since former President Richard Nixon first declared America 's "  war on drugs " -- has been largely immune from this concern . CNN iReport : You tell us whether it 's time to legalize pot One dramatic exception is California , where Proposition 19 , which proposes to "  regulate , control and tax cannabis , " will be on the statewide ballot on November 2 . In California alone , the illegal market for cannabis , or marijuana , has been estimated to be worth about $ 14 billion per year , and the legalization initiative aims to redirect the flow of these massive profits from violent drug cartels toward government coffers . Although the full financial impact of legalization can not be known , cannabis law enforcement in California is estimated to cost taxpayers anywhere between $ 200 million and $ 1.9 billion each year , whereas the State Board of Equalization has estimated that taxation could generate $ 1.4 billion a year in new tax revenue . As the vote approaches , a clear division in political support for Proposition 19 has emerged , with a recent Reuters-Ipsos poll showing that 54 percent of Democrats support legalization as Republican support sits at 33 percent . This division is curious , given that cannabis prohibition takes its biggest toll on the traditional conservative wish list of fiscal discipline , low crime rates and strong families . In fact , as detailed in a report published this month by my organization , the International Centre for Science in Drug Policy , research funded by none other than the U.S. government clearly demonstrates the failure of marijuna prohibition . For instance , government reports demonstrate that even as federal funding for anti-drug efforts has increased from $ 1.5 billion in 1981 to more than $ 20 billion today , surveillance systems show that marijuana 's estimated potency has increased by 145 percent and its price has declined by 58 percent since 1990 . At a 1991 lecture titled "  The Drug War as a Socialist Enterprise , " conservative economist Milton Friedman noted : "  There are some general features of a socialist enterprise , whether it 's the post office , schools or the war on drugs . The enterprise is inefficient , expensive , very advantageous to a small group of people and harmful to a lot of people . " Friedman , who won the Nobel Prize in 1976 for his achievements in the fields of "  consumption analysis , " had strong views about the certain failure of the war on drugs , which are shared by most economists who stress that costly efforts to remove the drug supply by building prisons and locking up drug dealers have the perverse effect of making it much more profitable for new drug dealers to get into the market . This explains why surveillance systems funded by the U.S. National Institutes of Health concluded that over the last 30 years , cannabis has remained "  almost universally available to American 12th-graders , " with between 80 percent and 90 percent saying the drug is "  very easy " or "  fairly easy " to obtain . Friedman was also vocal about the unintended consequences of the war on drugs , including the enrichment of organized crime and drug market violence . As he wrote in The New York Times : "  The young are not dissuaded by the bullets that fly so freely in disputes between competing drug dealers -- bullets that fly only because dealing drugs is illegal . Al Capone epitomizes our earlier attempt at Prohibition ; the Crips and Bloods epitomize this one . " In this context , consider that about 28,000 people have died in drug market violence in Mexico since 2006 , when Mexican President Felipe Caldern declared a war on drugs in that country , and that the U.S. government once estimated that Mexican drug trafficking organizations derive 60 percent of their revenue from cannabis exports to the United States . The war on drugs has also had a devastating impact on families . Primarily as a result of drug law enforcement , one in nine African-American males in the 25-to-29 age group is incarcerated on any given day in the U.S. , despite statistics that show ethnic minorities consume illicit drugs at rates comparable to those of other ethnic groups in the U.S. . In California , where the government spends more on prisons than post-secondary education , a recent report estimated that the cannabis possession arrest rate for African-Americans in Los Angeles County is more than 300 percent higher than that for whites . This disparity has emerged despite data from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , which has consistently shown that young African-Americans are less likely to use cannabis than whites . In addition to both the racial and budgetary implications of this failed experiment , sociologists and criminologists are decrying the intergenerational effects of these policies on low-income families , as children left behind by incarcerated parents turn to gangs and the cycle continues . One explanation for the persistently high support for cannabis prohibition is the concern that ending the war on cannabis will result in increased use . Interestingly , comparisons between the U.S. and the Netherlands , where cannabis is de facto legalized , indicate that despite the U.S. 's record rates of anti-drug enforcement expenditures , 42 percent of U.S. adults report that they have used cannabis , which is more than twice as high as that observed in the Netherlands , where only 20 percent report a history of cannabis use . While some U.S. economists predict that rates of cannabis use could increase in California under legalization , they have generally ignored the potential benefits of the broad range of strict regulatory tools -- including licensing systems for vendors , purchasing controls and sales restrictions -- that have all proved effective at reducing rates of use and related harms of tobacco and alcohol . As described earlier this month in an article published in the influential British Medical Journal , Robin Room stressed the need for an urgent consideration of the benefits of cannabis regulatory systems , especially given that successful government lobbying by the tobacco and alcohol industries have slowly eroded or eliminated many of these effective regulatory mechanisms in the U.S. . As Friedman said , "  If you look at the drug war from a purely economic point of view , the role of the government is to protect the drug cartel . " Recent estimates suggest that national regulation of cannabis in the United States would result in savings of more than $ 44 billion a year on enforcement expenditures alone . Conservatives should look at the ongoing legacy of the failed war on drugs , in light of their traditional commitment to stronger families , economies and societies , and reconsider supporting drug policies that only serve to weaken American society . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Evan Wood .	Evan Wood : Conservatives concerned by spending ignore cost of failed war on drugs $ 2.5 trillion spent on war on drugs ; crime , violence , drug use are the result , he says Taxation on marijuana could generate $ 1.4 billion a year in tax revenue , writes Wood Americans more likely to report marijuana use than people in Netherlands , he says , where it 's legal
David Kwiatkowski , a hospital worker accused of causing a multi-state outbreak of hepatitis C last year , will plead guilty to all 14 charges in exchange for a prison term of 30 to 40 years . Kwiatkowski agreed to plead guilty to seven counts of tampering with a consumer product and seven counts of obtaining controlled substances by fraud , according to a plea agreement filed Monday . The outbreak sickened 30 people with hepatitis C , a sometimes-fatal virus that attacks the liver . How did this happen ? Ten months after he was diagnosed with hepatitis C , Kwiatkowski began working at New Hampshire 's Exeter Hospital in April 2011 . Investigators said Kwiatkowski stole syringes of the painkiller fentanyl from patients who were scheduled for surgery . "  Kwiatkowski used the stolen syringes to inject himself , causing them to become tainted with his infected blood , before filling them with saline and then replacing them for use in the medical procedure , " the U.S. attorney 's office in Concord , New Hampshire , said in a statement . "  Consequently , instead of receiving the prescribed dose of fentanyl , patients instead received saline tainted by Kwiatkowski 's infected blood . " According to the plea agreement , Kwiatkowski told an investigator , "  I 'm going to kill a lot of people out of this . " Group : We had no evidence to punish man accused in case Offenses across the country Before moving to New Hampshire , Kwiatkowski worked as a traveling medical technician for hospitals in Arizona , Georgia , Kansas , Maryland , Michigan , New York and Pennsylvania , officials in those states said . "  The defendant admitted that he diverted drugs in a similar way at Houston Medical Center in Georgia and Hays Medical Center in Kansas , " the plea agreement states . "  He estimated that he swapped syringes at least 20 times in Kansas and approximately 30 times in Georgia . But if a New Hampshire court accepts Kwiatkowski 's plea deal , he can avoid federal criminal charges in Kansas , Maryland and Georgia , the plea agreement states . Controversy surrounds health care contract workers Fired in Arizona Kwiatkowski was fired from an Arizona hospital in 2010 after a fellow employee found him passed out in the men 's room with a syringe floating in the toilet , according to documents obtained by CNN . A spokeswoman for the Arizona Heart Hospital said Kwiatkowski was immediately fired , and he relinquished his license as a radiologic technologist . The agency that placed Kwiatkowski in the Arizona job had reported the incident to the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists , according to a spokeswoman for the agency , Springboard , Inc. . But a few weeks later , he was working at Temple University Hospital in Pennsylvania , and then went on to work in Kansas and Georgia before moving to New Hampshire . Did national registry know Kwiatkowski was fired ?	Prosecutor : Kwiatkowski , who has the virus , stole syringes of painkillers from patients Kwiatkowski then injected himself , filled the syringes with saline and replaced them He is suspected in the outbreak that sickened 30 people with hepatitis C Court documents : Kwiatkowski admitted to swapping syringes in Georgia and Kansas
In the wake of an alleged terrorist attack on one of its soldiers , Britain is forming a task force that will examine the dynamics behind extremist groups in the country , Prime Minister David Cameron 's office announced Sunday . The group , led by Cameron , will "  have a general focus on extremist groups , but accept that in practice the greatest threat is from Islamist extremists , " a statement from Downing Street said . The Muslim Council of Britain said the task force needs to look at "  extremism from all quarters " while forming an effective strategy . "  In doing so , we hope wisdom prevails as we reflect on the response of these past few days and the missed opportunities of previous years , " said a statement from the council 's secretary-general , Farooq Murad . "  We must be vigilant and ensure we do not inadvertently give into the demands of all extremists : making our society less free , divided and suspicious of each other . Lessons from the past indicate that policies and measures taken in haste can exacerbate extremism . " The brutal slaying Wednesday of British soldier Lee Rigby near the Royal Artillery Barracks in a working-class neighborhood in southeast London shocked people across the United Kingdom . It also triggered a far right-wing street demonstration Saturday in northern England , in which irate protesters called for Muslims to leave Britain . Late Sunday , a mosque caught fire in the city of Grimsby on the country 's east coast , and police arrested two men on suspicion of arson . The blaze coincided with inciting messages on social media "  by a small minority of individuals , " according to Humberside County police . "  Those people should be aware that we are monitoring these sites in Humberside and we will take action against those intent on attempting to incite violence or post messages of a racial nature , " police warned . Woolwich arrests Nine people have been arrested in connection with the Woolwich attack , including three men who were taken into custody Saturday and another on Sunday . The three arrested Saturday were released early Monday on bail , police said . The men were being held on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder , the Metropolitan Police said in a statement . Police did not detail how they were allegedly tied to the killing nor did they release their identities , saying only that the men -- ages 21 , 22 , 24 and 28 -- were arrested by detectives from the Counter Terrorism Command and taken to a south London police station . Two men arrested at the scene of the killing are now under guard in South London hospitals after being shot in a confrontation with police . Britain 's MI5 intelligence agency will report the results of a preliminary investigation into the suspects this week to the Intelligence and Security Committee , government sources said . The report is expected to be confidential . Two women who were arrested Thursday were released shortly thereafter without charge . Right-wing demo Addressing the crowd Saturday in Newcastle , far-right English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson said that Rigby 's killing should be a wake-up call to British citizens . "  We can not allow this soldier 's death to be in vain , " Robinson said . "  We are the only ones who dare say it . When did the truth become hate speech ? " Police estimated that between 1,500 and 2,000 people attended the rally . A counter demonstration drew a few hundred people , police said . Rigby 's family visited the scene of his death on Sunday .	Two arrested on suspicion of arson Sunday , after fire breaks out in a mosque Committee will be led by prime minister Muslim organization says all extremist groups should be looked at Source : MI5 sending confidential report to Intelligence and Security Committee this week
EW.com  -- The sex is in the heel , indeed ! The Harvey Fierstein-Cyndi Lauper musical Kinky Boots  based on the 2005 British film  dominated the Tony nominations , garnering 13 Tony nominations , including a best score nod for Lauper for her first-ever musical . Trailing not far behind were Matilda  12 nods  , whose four tweens sharing the title role will be recognized with a special award on Tony night , Pippin  10 nods  , and Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella  9 nods  . On the play side , the celebrated revival of Clifford Odets ' Golden Boy proved strong as its boxer lead character , with 8 nods . Tom Hanks guns for EGOT territory with a best actor in a play nod in his first Broadway role in Lucky Guy  its late author Nora Ephron was also nominated for the journalism bio  . But perhaps the biggest surprise was the very strong showing for Christopher Durang 's Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike with 6 nods , including one in each acting category  though star Sigourney Weaver 's comic turn was overlooked  . Below is a full list of nominees for the 2013 Tony Awards , which will be broadcast on CBS on June 9 at 8 p.m. : Best Play The Assembled Parties Lucky Guy The Testament of Mary Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Best Musical Bring It On : The Musical A Christmas Story , The Musical Kinky Boots Matilda The Musical Best Revival of a Play Golden Boy Orphans The Trip to Bountiful Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Best Revival of a Musical Annie The Mystery of Edwin Drood Pippin Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Book of a Musical A Christmas Story , The Musical Kinky Boots Matilda The Musical Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Original Score  Music and/or Lyrics  Written for the Theatre A Christmas Story , The Musical Music and Lyrics : Benj Pasek and Justin Paul Hands on a Hardbody Music : Trey Anastasio and Amanda Green Lyrics : Amanda Green Kinky Boots Music & Lyrics : Cyndi Lauper Matilda The Musical Music & Lyrics : Tim Minchin Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Play Tom Hanks , Lucky Guy Nathan Lane , The Nance Tracy Letts , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? David Hyde Pierce , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Tom Sturridge , Orphans Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play Laurie Metcalf , The Other Place Amy Morton , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Kristine Nielsen , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Holland Taylor , Ann Cicely Tyson , The Trip to Bountiful Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical Bertie Carvel , Matilda The Musical Santino Fontana , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Rob McClure , Chaplin Billy Porter , Kinky Boots Stark Sands , Kinky Boots Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Musical Stephanie J. Block , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Carolee Carmello , Scandalous Valisia LeKae , Motown The Musical Patina Miller , Pippin Laura Osnes , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Play Danny Burstein , Golden Boy Richard Kind , The Big Knife Billy Magnussen , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Tony Shalhoub , Golden Boy Courtney B. Vance , Lucky Guy Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play Carrie Coon , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Shalita Grant , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Judith Ivey , The Heiress Judith Light , The Assembled Parties Condola Rashad , The Trip to Bountiful Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Musical Charl Brown , Motown The Musical Keith Carradine , Hands on a Hardbody Will Chase , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Gabriel Ebert , Matilda The Musical Terrence Mann , Pippin Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Musical Annaleigh Ashford , Kinky Boots Victoria Clark , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Andrea Martin , Pippin Keala Settle , Hands on a Hardbody Lauren Ward , Matilda The Musical Best Scenic Design of a Play John Lee Beatty , The Nance Santo Loquasto , The Assembled Parties David Rockwell , Lucky Guy Michael Yeargan , Golden Boy Best Scenic Design of a Musical Rob Howell , Matilda The Musical Anna Louizos , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Scott Pask , Pippin David Rockwell , Kinky Boots Best Costume Design of a Play Soutra Gilmour , Cyrano de Bergerac Ann Roth , The Nance Albert Wolsky , The Heiress Catherine Zuber , Golden Boy Best Costume Design of a Musical Gregg Barnes , Kinky Boots Rob Howell , Matilda The Musical Dominique Lemieux , Pippin William Ivey Long , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Lighting Design of a Play Jules Fisher & Peggy Eisenhauer , Lucky Guy Donald Holder , Golden Boy Jennifer Tipton , The Testament of Mary Japhy Weideman , The Nance Best Lighting Design of a Musical Kenneth Posner , Kinky Boots Kenneth Posner , Pippin Kenneth Posner , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Hugh Vanstone , Matilda The Musical Best Sound Design of a Play John Gromada , The Trip to Bountiful Mel Mercier , The Testament of Mary Leon Rothenberg , The Nance Peter John Still and Marc Salzberg , Golden Boy Best Sound Design of a Musical Jonathan Deans & Garth Helm , Pippin Peter Hylenski , Motown The Musical John Shivers , Kinky Boots Nevin Steinberg , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella Best Direction of a Play Pam MacKinnon , Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? Nicholas Martin , Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike Bartlett Sher , Golden Boy George C. Wolfe , Lucky Guy Best Direction of a Musical Scott Ellis , The Mystery of Edwin Drood Jerry Mitchell , Kinky Boots Diane Paulus , Pippin Matthew Warchus , Matilda The Musical Best Choreography Andy Blankenbuehler , Bring It On : The Musical Peter Darling , Matilda The Musical Jerry Mitchell , Kinky Boots Chet Walker , Pippin Best Orchestrations Chris Nightingale , Matilda The Musical Stephen Oremus , Kinky Boots Ethan Popp & Bryan Crook , Motown The Musical Danny Troob , Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella * * * Recipients of Awards and Honors in Non-competitive Categories Special Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre Bernard Gersten Paul Libin Ming Cho Lee Regional Theatre Award Huntington Theatre Company , Boston , Mass. . Isabelle Stevenson Award Larry Kramer Tony Honor for Excellence in the Theatre Career Transition For Dancers William Craver Peter Lawrence The Lost Colony The four actresses who created the title role of Matilda The Musical on Broadway -- Sophia Gennusa , Oona Laurence , Bailey Ryon and Milly Shapiro * * * Tony Nominations by Production Kinky Boots -- 13 Matilda The Musical -- 12 Pippin -- 10 Rodgers + Hammerstein 's Cinderella -- 9 Golden Boy -- 8 Lucky Guy -- 6 Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike -- 6 The Mystery of Edwin Drood -- 5 The Nance -- 5 Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? -- 5 Motown The Musical -- 4 The Trip to Bountiful -- 4 The Assembled Parties -- 3 A Christmas Story , The Musical -- 3 Hands on a Hardbody -- 3 The Testament of Mary -- 3 Bring It On : The Musical -- 2 The Heiress -- 2 Orphans -- 2 Ann -- 1 Annie -- 1 The Big Knife -- 1 Chaplin -- 1 Cyrano de Bergerac -- 1 The Other Place -- 1 Scandalous -- 1 See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Tony nominations have been announced Kinky Boots gained the most with 13 noms 2013 Tony Awards will be broadcast on CBS on June 9
Nutritionists have long touted the heart-healthy benefits of extra-virgin olive oil . Recently , researchers found that consuming a Mediterranean diet heavy in olive oil can help lower some heart risks . Consuming more than four tablespoons a day can significantly lower your risk of having a heart attack , suffering from a stroke or dying of heart disease , according to the recent study published in the New England Journal of Medicine . Olive oil is high in a type of fat known as monounsaturated fat , according to the Mayo Clinic . MUFAs , as they 're commonly called , can help lower your cholesterol and control insulin levels in the body . In addition to olive oil , they can be found in avocados , nuts and fatty fish . Of course , that does n't mean you can go overboard . Even though it 's made of "  healthy fats , " olive oil is still high in calories and should be used in moderation . Here are five things you might not know about this Mediterranean staple : It helps more than your heart . Olive oil is full of polyphenols , a type of antioxidant that helps protect your cells from damage . Certain polyphenols also have anti-inflammatory properties . Scientists have been exploring the effects these polyphenols may have on bone and digestive health as well as looking into how they could help prevent cancer . Other researchers are looking into olive oil 's potential for improving cognitive function and memory . Fish oil helped save our son Your oil may not be extra-virgin . In 2011 , reporter Tom Mueller released his book "  Extra Virginity : The Sublime and Scandalous World of Olive Oil . " In it , he revealed a world of deception where low quality oils and artificial coloring were being passed off as extra-virgin olive oils to the American public . "  Virgin means made with physical processes , not with chemistry , " Mueller told NPR . "  Essentially , you crush an olive and out drops the oil in extreme synthesis . " There are laws in Europe monitoring the use of an "  extra-virgin " label , but the United States does not have strict regulations , according to Mueller . And when companies taint the oil , Mueller said consumers lose "  that wonderful cocktail of anti-inflammatories and antioxidants . " How you store it matters . When you 're at the grocery store , look for olive oil that comes in a bottle made from dark green glass or another material that protects it from light , says Dr. John La Puma , founder of ChefMD.com . Heat and light can damage the oil by creating oxidation , which changes the beneficial chemical compounds . Store your olive oil in a room-temperature cupboard or in the refrigerator to keep it cool . A bottle of oil will last about a year on your shelf , according to the Stillwater Olive Oil Co. "  After this time , the taste and health benefits , such as Vitamin E , beta-carotene , and other phenol levels decrease dramatically , " the company 's website states . Americans buy a lot of it . Olive oil is one of the fastest-growing global industries , according to a report from Research and Markets , an international market research and data site . While Spain and Italy top the list of both producers and consumers , Americans seem to have jumped on the Mediterranean diet bandwagon in full force . The United States ranks third on the list of the world 's largest olive oil consumers . But the U.S. may not be there for long , according to the report . "  It is expected that in the near future , India and China will be on the list of largest consumers of olive oil , as people have started recognizing the health benefits of olive oil and have accepted it as cooking oil , " a release from the site says . You do n't have to eat it . Olive oil beauty products are a multibillion dollar business , according to the industry website Olive Oil Source . "  What many consumers do n't realize is something that people living millennia ago in ancient Greece took for granted ; that extra virgin olive oil , all by itself , is one of the best beauty secrets , " the site says . The same antioxidants that heal your internal cells may help protect your outer layer from damage . Olive oil can now be found in everything from skin moisturizers to nail care kits . If you 're not ready to spring for the professional products , you can use olive oil at home to create a hair mask or as a cheap eye makeup remover .	Olive oil contains monounsaturated fats , which may help your heart The United States does not have strict regulations about labeling a bottle "  extra-virgin " Olive oil beauty products are a multibillion dollar business
COLLEVILLE-SUR-MER , France  CNN  -- World leaders gave thanks Saturday to military veterans for their efforts in the D-Day landings of 65 years ago at a ceremony in northwest France , warning that their legacy must not be forgotten as the world faces renewed threats of tyranny . President Obama and Britain 's Prince Charles were among those attending the ceremony . President Obama joined Britain 's Prime Minister Gordon Brown , France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy and Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper at a ceremony at the American Cemetary in Normandy , close where many died in the World War II offensive . More than 150,000 allied troops , about half of them Americans , took part in D-Day on June 6 , 1944 , overwhelming German forces in an operation that proved a turning point in driving the Nazis out of France . Allied forces secured the beaches at a cost of about 10,000 casualties in what was the first step in a campaign that would , in a matter of weeks , liberate Paris , which had been under Nazi occupation for more than four years . Brown praised those who fought on that day , saying , "  as long as freedom lives , their deeds will never die . " He said their sacrifices had put obligations on people living today in what he called "  the great covenant of D-Day . "  We must be as if liberators for our day and our generation too , " he said , citing Burma  renamed Myanmar  and Zimbabwe , as well as the "  mortal threat of poverty , hunger , illiteracy , disease and want . " Obama addressed the 288 veterans said to be attending the ceremony , telling them : "  You are why we keep coming back . " Watch Obama deliver speech to veterans " "  You remind us that in the end , human destiny is not determined by forces beyond our control . You remind us that our future is not shaped by mere chance or circumstance . "  It has always been up to us , " he said . Watch Obama arrive in France " He urged the world to remember what happened at nearby Omaha Beach , one of the main landing points for U.S. troops involved in the operation . "  Friends and veterans , what we can not forget -- what we must not forget -- is that D-Day was a time and a place where the bravery and selflessness of a few was able to change the course of an entire century . " Sarkozy described the horrors of the battle , where so many died before they were able to land that "  those who did make it ashore waded through the bodies of the dead and wounded that floated in on the tide . " He cited a letter from a U.S. soldier who said the day "  was like a waking nightmare . The ground was so strewn with bodies that you could practically cross the beach without touching the sand . " "  Never , never will France forget , " he vowed . The speeches were followed by a 21-gun salute , a lone trumpter playing taps and a flyover by American , British and French jets . Among veterans attending Saturday 's remembrance ceremonies will be 86-year-old former British soldier Jim Tuckwell , who said the events will help those present to remember fallen comrades lost in the heat of battle . "  There was no time to mourn , you did n't have time to mourn , " he said , recalling the events of 1944 . Read Tuckwell 's story "  And the worst thing about later battles was that when you lost people , you normally had to bury them yourself . You could n't leave the bodies on the ground , there was nowhere else to put them . "	Dignitaries , World War II veterans pay tribute to D-Day fallen President Obama , France 's Sarkozy , UK 's Brown among those attending 150,000 allied troops took part in operation on June 6 , 1944
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The first batch of departing U.S. soldiers left Afghanistan this week , beginning a drawdown of 10,000 American troops scheduled to leave by year 's end . About 650 U.S. soldiers left the northeastern province of Parwan on Wednesday , according to Lt. Commander Colette Murphy , a spokeswoman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . Military officials say this is the first group of soldiers whose redeployment will not be replaced by a new rotation of fresh troops . Another 600 troops are in the process of leaving , Murphy said . Both groups are from the Iowa National Guard . The remainder of a 33,000 U.S. troop surge -- which began in 2009 -- are expected to return home by the end of 2012 , President Barack Obama has said . The full draw-down is expected to take place by the end of 2014 , gradually transferring responsibilities to Afghan government forces . About 150,000 ISAF forces are currently in Afghanistan , including nearly 100,000 from the United States -- the largest NATO presence in the region since the U.S.-led war began in 2001 . But the costs of a near decade-long conflict may appeal less and less to a war-weary public , still reeling from the effects of a global recession . Last month , nearly three-quarters of Americans polled said they support the U.S. pulling out some or all of its forces from Afghanistan . Friday 's news comes a day after Gen. David Petraeus -- the outgoing top commander of the NATO forces in Afghanistan -- crossed into Pakistan with his successor , Marine Lt. Gen. John Allen , to meet with top Pakistani military brass . The meeting -- Petraeus ' seventh trip to the neighboring country as ISAF commander -- was part of an effort to "  improve regional security , " according to a NATO statement . The United States is currently holding back $ 800 million in aid to its longtime ally , after Pakistan decided to reduce the number of visas for U.S. military trainers . Relations between the two nuclear powers had soured after a U.S. raid on former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden 's compound in May . Tensions have also been strained by U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan 's tribal areas that have sometimes resulted in civilian casualties . Meanwhile , Petraeus ' exit and the troop draw-down comes amid a rash of recent violence across Afghanistan , particularly in country 's restive southern and eastern provinces . On Thursday , a suicide bomber slipped into a Kandahar mosque and killed at least six people , wounding 15 others , a hospital official said . The attack occurred as several high-ranking Afghan officials had gathered to remember President Hamid Karzai 's half-brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai , the Kandahar provincial council chief and a key powerbroker in the region , who was slain Tuesday by a long-time bodyguard . News of the draw-down has since raised looming queries about the country 's future . While diminishing numbers of NATO forces are expected to transfer power to their Afghan counterparts , skeptics question whether Afghanistan 's fledgling security apparatus can effectively repel a resurgent militancy without foreign intervention .	NEW : Last month nearly three-quarters of Americans said they support the U.S. pulling out A total of 650 U.S. Army soldiers left the northeastern province of Parwan on Wednesday This is the first group of soldiers whose redeployment will not be replaced Another 600 troops are in the process of leaving
CNN  -- South African Giniel De Villiers is the new leader of the Dakar Rally after he won Thursday 's 12th special stage and Spaniard Carlos Sainz was forced to pull out following a dramatic crash . The stricken Volkswagen of Carlos Sainz after he careered down a ravine on stage 12 of the Dakar Rally . De Villiers , who was claiming his third stage triumph , brought his Volkswagen across the line in four hours , six minutes and 43 seconds -- over 16 minutes ahead of team-mate Mark Miller , who lies second overall . American Robert Gordon  Hummer  was third on the stage , the same as his overall position . The route from Fiambala to La Rioja was reduced by 30 kilometers , leaving the special stage at 223km , as organizers accepted the Argentinian authorities ' request to shorten it because of the archaeological discoveries made a month ago in the Fiambala region of Catamarca province . Two-time world rally champion Sainz , who was leading after six stage victories , had his dream of winning his first Dakar ended when , 79km into the stage , his Volkswagen crashed into a dry riverbed . His co-driver , Frenchman Michel Perin , suffered a shoulder injury and both had to be evacuated by helicopter for medical attention . Perin told PA Sport : "  We had made a small mistake in the first part . We took the wrong direction at a Y crossing but it was not too bad because we did end up on the right trail . We were tailing Giniel De Villiers , who had started about 10 minutes after us , so it was still sort of okay . There was a hidden way-point indicated as ` danger ' -- but it should have been indicated as ` extremely dangerous ' . "  The car behind us , Nani Roma 's car , would have fallen in the same hole as we did if we had not been there already . I 'm okay , I just have something broken in my arm , but I 'm all right . " De Villiers said : "  It was really a tough stage . In places we would go around in circles for 15 minutes to find the right trail . It was very dangerous and the sand was really soft . "  We stopped one time to deflate our tyres , then a second time in a huge canyon with tons of boulders . My co-driver Dirk von Zitzewitz had to get out of the car to find a way out . It was really a tough day . " Miller added : "  I can tell you that this was a very demanding stage . I can not even imagine how the amateurs will make it to the finish today . It was not just difficult , navigation was almost impossible . "  It was a long series of horror situations from start to finish . "  These were the longest 200km in my life . The sun and the sand were so bright that I could not see anything . " He added : "  It 's not good news to know that Carlos had to withdraw . He has an important place in the team . " In the motorcycle class , title holder Cyril Despres  KTM  kept his hopes of winning his third crown alive after taking his third stage in a time of 3:57:37 to climb into second spot in the overall standings . However , Despres ' Spanish team-mate Marc Coma did not make things easy for the Frenchman as he crossed the line 1:23 behind , to remain out in front with a 1:29:48 advantage . The 12th stage has been the most difficult since the rally began on January 3 in Buenos Aires , with competitiors struggling through sand dunes and rain in western Argentina . Sainz had held a commanding lead in the overall standings at the start of the day , having won six of 10 previous stages .	Dakar leader Carlos Sainz crashes out of rally during Thursday 's 12th stage The Spaniard 's Volkswagen careers into a ravine 79 kilometers into the stage Sainz 's retirement hands the race advantage to South African Giniel De Villiers
CNN  -- A potentially fatal sheep and goat disease could spread from Tanzania into southern Africa , a United Nations agency warned , threatening millions of people 's livelihoods and food supplies . Small ruminants ' plague can cause death rates of up to 100 percent in sheep and goats , though it does not affect humans , the Food and Agriculture Organization warned . It could kill 50 million sheep and goats if it spreads into southern Africa , the agency said after an emergency mission to Tanzania , in east Africa . "  Sheep and goats are critical to food and income security for pastoral communities . The presence of the disease directly affects a family 's wealth , " agency 's chief veterinary officer , Juan Lubroth , said Tuesday . He urged southern African nations to review border controls and surveillance and to make sure their veterinary services are prepared . And the agency advised Tanzania to "  initiate an emergency vaccination program " in the north , where the outbreak is centered , and consider additional vaccination in the area bordering Malawi , Mozambique and Zambia . Tanzania did not immediately issue a public response to the warning .	Small ruminants ' plague affects sheep and goats , and can cause death rates of 100 percent Tanzania should start an emergency vaccination program , a U.N. agency says Millions of people 's livelihoods and food supplies depend on sheep and goats
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Three more officials have been given the chop as part of China 's anti-corruption drive . The disgraced politicians are the latest in a string of purges of former aides to Zhou Yongkang , China 's retired chief of domestic security , fueling speculation that Zhou will eventually face charges . Ji Wenlin , former deputy governor of Hainan , and Yu Gang , former senior official in the Politics and Legal Affairs Commission , have both been expelled from the Communist Party for taking "  huge bribes " and committing adultery , announced the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection  CCDI  on Wednesday . Adultery , while not illegal in China , is considered a serious violation of Party regulations . The third official charged with corruption is Tan Hong , a former senior officer in the Ministry of Public Security . All three have close ties to Zhou , working under the security czar at some point during their careers . Zhou was a former member of the Politburo Standing Committee , China 's top decision-making body , until he retired in 2012 . He was considered one of the most powerful men in China , serving as the head of China 's security and police institutions . Rumors surrounding Zhou 's downfall have been circulating on China 's social media for two years , gaining momentum in recent months as high-profile corruption probes have led to the detention of senior officials linked to him throughout his career . Zhou would become the highest-ranking official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the People 's Republic . But there has been no official announcement of an investigation into Zhou . Reuters has reported sources saying Zhou is now under house arrest . China 's anti-corruption campaign catches another ` tiger ' Netted ` tigers ' In 2013 , some 182,000 officials were disciplined while courts nationwide tried 23,000 corruption cases , according to the CCDI . After coming into power in late 2012 , President Xi Jinping banned official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- and vowed to target "  tigers and flies " alike in his fight against corruption when describing his resolve to spare no one regardless of their position . On Monday , one of the biggest "  tigers " met his downfall : Xu Caihou , former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission that runs the world 's largest standing army , and a former Politburo member , was found to have accepted bribes . Longtime China observers , however , point to the limits of President Xi 's war on corruption . "  Corruption is so widespread and so endemic that campaigns are just not going do it , " said Frank Ching , a Hong Kong-based commentator and columnist on Chinese politics . "  Something has to be done about the system . " "  There have been public calls for a law to require officials disclosing their assets . There has been no indication that they are going to do that . In fact , a number of people calling for this law have ended up in prison , " he added . "  I think people will be much more convinced of the seriousness of this anti-corruption campaign if there were a move to enact such a law . " CNN 's Steven Jiang and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this article .	Ji Wenlin , Yu Gang , Tan Hong have ties to powerful former head of domestic security , Zhou Yongkang The three officials have been expelled from Communist Party for corruption and adultery China watchers : Corruption is widespread in China , new laws are needed
CNN  -- There will be many star golfers swinging irons at the Olympic Club starting Thursday , but for the next few days all eyes will be on Tiger Woods . The burning question for many fans watching the action in San Francisco is which Tiger Woods will show up for the U.S. Open . Will it be the resurgent Woods that stormed to a recent victory at the Memorial ? Or will it be the injury-plagued , mediocre-putting Woods that has struggled to compete in recent years ? Some say Woods ' triumphant win at Memorial on June 3 , featuring a dazzling shot and his reminiscent fist pump , may foreshadow what will be seen in San Francisco . Can Tiger Woods crack the U.S. Open 's ` graveyard of champions ? ' "  Tiger 's performance at Memorial bodes well for him at the U.S. Open , " said Peter Dixon , a golf correspondent for British newspaper The Times . "  He seems to have got his swing under control and is now able to move the ball in both directions -- which will be needed at the Olympic Club . " The Tiger Woods ' fall-from-grace story has been told and retold so many times that some have been looking for the once-dominant golfer to write a new chapter . Woods looks like he is ready , according to some golf journalists . U.S. Open latest scores "  He has lost a lot of his aura , but some of it is coming back , " Dixon said . "  He is strutting around again and looks as if he believes he is the man to beat . " At one point in his career , Woods seemed a lock to smash Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 major titles . Photos : Golf 's young prodigies Although his last major win was at the 2008 U.S. Open , Woods says he considers this tournament a real challenge . "  This is the hardest test that we play every year . What makes it difficult is that we play different venues every year , " the 14-time major champion told reporters . Along with Woods , oddsmakers say that Luke Donald , Steve Stricker or Phil Mickelson , who holds the record for most second-place finishes at the Open , could take the championship . Rory McIlroy , won the U.S. Open last year , but the young golfer has been plagued with his own slump recently , missing three straight cuts . Woods will get a look at some of the tough competition starting Thursday as he is paired with Mickelson and fan favorite and Masters champion Bubba Watson . Chinese teen golfer set to make U.S. Open history	U.S. Open starts Thursday at the Olympic Club in San Francisco Tiger Woods comes to this tournament after a win Some feel the Memorial victory may get Woods back on track
CNN  -- Arriving for our interview in Berlin this week , Wolfgang Schaeuble seemed eager to be back on the campaign trail . Fresh from his summer break on the North Sea island of Sylt , the German finance minister effortlessly slipped back into what has now become a familiar routine : fielding questions about the eurozone When asked if he foresaw any more bailouts , Schaeuble said "  No , no I do n't see , the problems are not solved but we are in a much better shape than we used to be some years ago . " He pointed to the falling costs of sovereign debt and lower budget deficits across the common currency bloc and ruled out any more haircuts on outstanding government debt . With Germany heading towards elections on September 22 , Chancellor Angela Merkel is enjoying unprecedented popularity . Her approval rating is 63 % -- more than double that of her nearest rival , former finance minister and now SPD leader Peer Steinbrueck . The chances of a non-Merkel win may be slim . Read more : Full coverage of euro crisis However , as per Germany 's political tradition , whoever emerges victorious will have to form a coalition with one of the other parties , thus clouding the policy outlook for those on the outside looking in . "  I hope we will win , " Schaeuble told me , then adding : "  We have to fight -LSB- but -RSB- I think the general mood is in favor of us . " Germany 's government is in a curious position of having to serve two constituencies : one it 's elected for and another over which it has no formal mandate but a lot of financial sway . As the dominant economy in Europe , Germany has been pivotal in helping to fund and direct troubled member states but its leader has to balance that with her nation 's reluctance to be viewed as the rich relative . Read more : Recession over but do n't celebrate yet In this Schaeuble is steadfast : "  If Chancellor Merkel -LSB- is -RSB- re-elected I am confident that we will continue to work for a stronger Europe -- that 's our general position , " he said . "  We do n't want a German Europe but we want a strong Europe and that means every member state including Germany has to increase its competitiveness . " That , he said was about each country doing its duty and ensuring it did "  not to ask for more money by others -- that 's the wrong way to get a strong Europe , that 's the wrong incentive . " Since Greece was granted its first bailout in 2010 troubled eurozone countries have been granted around 440 billion euros in financial assistance . The cash has been funnelled through the International Monetary Fund , the European Central Bank and the European Union in exchange for promises to rein in spending and debt . Germany , which has the deepest pockets , is on the hook for the lion 's share of the support -- and as election fever sets in , so has bailout fatigue . Watch more : Sorrell : Why we need strong leadership Schaeuble reopened old wounds this month by saying Greece would need a third aid program , though when asked by CNN he would n't be drawn on the size of the offer , saying it was too early to speculate . However , Greece 's Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras said the country could be looking for an extra 10 billion euros in aid . It 's a figure close to the 11 billion euro shortfall already identified by the IMF , whose 3-year program is set to end next year . As part of a multi-pronged approach to contain the eurozone 's existential crisis , leaders have tried to shore up its financial sector by creating a banking union as well as a contingency fund for countries in distress . Read more : Greece may need another 10 billion euros When combined with the ECB 's commitment to "  do what it takes " to protect confidence in the single currency , such actions may have averted the worst for now . But Schaeuble is under no illusions that without coordinated budgets for the country 's using the single currency , the euro will always be vulnerable . I asked him if the move toward closer fiscal cooperation has left the eurozone more politically divided than it has been in its recent history . Schaeuble told me problems arose if there not a solid fiscal framework , saying the bloc has "  made a lot of progress . . to get better conditions , better rules for common fiscal policy . " One thing Schaeuble can not deny is the benefits to the country 's legendary export machine from the weaker currency . Thanks to its flailing adherents , the euro has been less strong than a deutsche mark would have been . However , Schaeuble also pointed to the lower interest rates enjoyed by the countries in Southern Europe . Read more : Tiny nation bucking eurozone 's problems Schaeuble 's euro-speak is as fluent and comes from one who has both experience and economic clout . Yet up until now it 's a language that has n't dominated Germany 's campaign literature , which has instead been focused on issues like creating jobs , wages and the housing market . Of course the great irony is that while Germany may be looking inwards this election , the world is keeping its eyes peeled for its next move . Just ask Germany 's neighbors . They have relied on her in times of crisis , and they will also look to her for the path to recovery .	CNN 's Nina dos Santos sat down for a rare interview with German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble She asked him if he foresaw any more bailouts , and he said "  I do n't see " any Schaeuble said the "  problems are not solved but we are in a much better shape than we used to be some years ago "
CNN  -- Like a first love or a first car , a first computer can hold a special place in people 's hearts . For millions of kids who grew up in the 1980s , that first computer was the Commodore 64 . Twenty-five years later , that first brush with computer addiction is as strong as ever . Millions of Commodore 64s were sold in the 1980s . "  There was something magical about the C64 , " says Andreas Wallstrom of Stockholm , Sweden . He remembers the day he first laid eyes on his machine back in 1984 . "  My father brought it home together with a tape deck , a disk drive , a printer , and a couple of games ... I used to sneak home during lunch to play -LSB- on it -RSB- with my friends . " Learn about the components of the C64 system " Wallstrom is the webmaster and designer for C64.com , a Web site dedicated to preserving the games , demos , pictures , magazines and memories of the Commodore 64 . C64.com visitors are mostly nostalgia seekers -- men in their 30s looking to download their favorite childhood games . Emulators let them play the games without having a machine . Popular downloads include "  Boulder Dash , " "  Ghostbusters , " and "  The Great Giana Sisters . " "  It may have not been the most sophisticated computer , but it did have a lot of personality and it was lovable and remains loveable , " said Harry McCracken , vice president and editor in chief of PC World . Often overshadowed by the Apple II and Atari 800 , the Commodore 64 rose to great heights in the 1980s . From 1982-1993 , 17 million C64s were sold . The Guinness Book of World Records lists the Commodore 64 as the best-selling single computer model . The computer featured 64 kilobytes of memory  a lot for 1982  , a huge index of games , a sophisticated sound chip , and a relatively parent-friendly price -- $ 595 . On Monday , the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , California , will celebrate the C64 's 25th anniversary . Computer pioneers will reflect on the C64 's achievements and contribution to the industry . Jack Tramiel , the founder and CEO of Commodore , will attend , along with Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak and William C. Lowe , father of the IBM PC . "  It was the right machine for the time , " said McCracken . "  The Commodore 64 did a lot to popularize computers . " Sold in shopping malls and discount stores and not just small computer stores -- the norm for the time -- the C64 became many people 's gateway into the world of computers , said Brian Bagnall , author of "  On the edge : The spectacular rise and fall of Commodore . " "  It was so new , " Bagnall said . Users could play many games and also learn the programming language of computers -- BASIC . Jim Park , 39 , a software developer in Minneapolis , Minnesota , got his start on a C64 in 1984 when he was 16 . Park learned to program motion-graphics synchronized to dance music and ran a BBS , an electronic bulletin board system , the precursor to the Internet . "  I really lucked out that something so obscure and nerdy has turned into the modern business and pop-culture phenomenon that it has , " he said . Wallstrom said it was the simplicity of the C64 that made it so great . "  You switched it on and it was there , ready for input in a second . Programming on the C64 was straightforward because you got to command the processor directly . You had full control of the whole computer ... that is something you do n't have with any modern PC . " Still , the C64 had an uneven reputation . It was widely considered clunky , its BASIC outdated and graphics weak in comparison to the Apple II and Atari 800 , according to McCracken . And then there was the quirky floppy drive . "  It was pitifully slow , " Bagnall said . "  It was big and noisy . It sounded like a Gatling gun when it was trying to load stuff . " The floppy drive took so long to load , the music would play before the game did , recalls Rob Kramer , artistic & business director of Productiehuis ON , a production company based in the Netherlands . "  These tunes would get stuck in your head , " he said . In 2006 Kramer came up with the idea of having an orchestra play the music from the games . "  We found this crazy orchestra that plays on the street . It 's full of young people in music school . They are in their 20s and they 'd never played a Commodore 64 . For them it was like ` Wow , this is great stuff . ' " The 12-piece C64 Orchestra has played at churches , musical venues and festivals . The compositions run 4-6 minutes . The crowds are mostly fans of the C64 . "  They really dig it , " Kramer said . Watch how I-Reporters are using the C64 today " Kramer described the music as haunted . "  There 's a lot of tension , and it repeats itself . It takes you places where normal classical music does n't . " Watch as the orchestra plays " The classical ensemble released a CD in Europe featuring the original computer and orchestral versions of "  Delta , " "  Commando , " Monty on the Run , " "  International Karate " and more . The CD will be available in the United States on January 15 . By 2007 computing standards , the Commodore 64 is a dinosaur . A relic of the past , long made obsolete by the march of time . But the C64 is n't dead . It 's very much alive -- on gaming Web sites , through music and in the memories of millions who owned and loved them . "  Computer nostalgia is something that runs pretty deep these days . The memories that people have of this machine are incredible , " McCracken said . Twenty-five years ago computers were an individual experience ; today they are just a commodity , he said . "  I do n't think there are many computers today that we use that people will be talking about fondly 25 years from now . " E-mail to a friend	Commodore 64 loved by many kids coming of age in the 1980s Popularity continues today on Web sites , in music and people 's memories Nostalgia seekers can download their favorite C64 games on sites like C64.com C64 Orchestra plays the music from the games , CD release in U.S. in January
CNN  Too little , too late . That 's the mayor 's response to an artist 's apology and offer to cover the cost of fixing the "  Scary Lucy " statue that has put the New York town of Celoron in the spotlight this week . The bronze figure of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "  Walking Dead " zombie and inspired the Facebook campaign "  We Love Lucy ! Get Rid of this Statue . " The sculpture , a gift to the town from its original owners , has been on display since 2009 . Artist Dave Poulin has "  had plenty of opportunity to step forward , and our last conversation he wanted $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 , " Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost said . "  And then he stated that if we did n't have the funds and we did n't like the statue , we should take it down and put it in storage . " After the story of the statue caught fire online this weekend , Poulin publicly apologized Monday for his "  most unsettling sculpture " in a letter to The Hollywood Reporter . "  I take full responsibility for ` Scary Lucy , ' though by no means was that my intent or did I wish to disparage in any way the memories of the iconic Lucy image , " Poulin wrote in the letter  PDF  . "  From the day of its installation , I have shared my disappointment in the final outcome and have always believed it to be by far my most unsettling sculpture , not befitting of Lucy 's beauty or my ability as a sculptor . " Poulin said he has been talking to Celoron officials for several years about removing and redoing the sculpture . It seems that cost has been the chief barrier . "  It puzzles me when an art work is donated to a community , they accept it , and then get angry and insist you redo the art work at your own expense . " Poulin wrote in the letter . But the recent media attention to the sculpture seems to have changed his mind . "  I am willing to put my time and money into redoing the Lucy sculpture and feel confident after ten years I can do a much better job , " Poulin wrote . No thanks , Schrecengost said . He said the town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue . "  It would be reworked from the shoulders up -- the entire head , neck and shoulders , not just the face , " Schrecengost said in a news release Tuesday . The town has set up a post office box for donations , which can also be made through Kickstarter . But the controversy may not be over . It seems that nearby Jamestown , New York , also has ties to Lucille Ball 's early years and might be interested in its own tribute to the comedic legend . Schrecengost 's Tuesday statement referred to an anonymous Facebook campaign that he claims is aimed at raising Jamestown 's Lucille Ball profile at the expense of the Celoron statue . "  The best place for a life size statue of Lucy is right where it is now -- in Lucille Ball Memorial Park in her hometown , in the Village of Celoron , NY , " he said . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this story .	An artist apologizes for his Lucille Ball statue In a public letter , the sculptor offers to pay for fixes to the statue The mayor says he 's not interested in having the original artist work on the statue
CNN  -- A health care worker worker who just returned from West Africa is under a mandatory quarantine at a New Jersey hospital . New York , New Jersey and Illinois implement mandatory Ebola quarantine policies as the federal government considers a similar move . The 101st Airborne Division assumes control of the U.S. mission to fight Ebola in Liberia . Here 's the latest on the Ebola outbreak : U.S. DEVELOPMENTS Health worker quarantined in New Jersey A health care worker who just returned from West Africa does not have Ebola , according to a preliminary test , New Jersey officials said Saturday . But Kaci Hickox , a nurse who cared for Ebola patients while on assignment with Doctors Without Borders in Sierra Leone , will remain in quarantine at Newark 's University Hospital for at least 21 days under a controversial new state policy . Hickox wrote in an editorial for a Dallas newspaper , "  This is not a situation I would wish on anyone . " Quarantined Nurse : New Ebola policy in N.J. , N.Y. an ` ordeal ' "  Doctors Without Borders is very concerned about the conditions and uncertainty she  Hickox  is facing , " an official with the organization said Saturday . The hospital issued a statement that said , "  While we understand that the required quarantine is an inconvenience , it is our primary goal to make sure that the patient is as comfortable as possible . " Hickox arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport on Friday and was thought to have a fever during an airport Ebola screening . She was then transported to the hospital . Doctor 's fiancee tests negative for Ebola The fiancee of Craig Spencer , the Doctors Without Borders physician who tested positive for Ebola in New York this week , is healthy with no symptoms of the virus , according to NYC Health Department spokeswoman Jean Weinberg . Morgan Dixon returned to her apartment after undergoing testing at Bellevue Hospital , the same hospital where Spencer is receiving treatment for Ebola . Spencer , 33 , tested positive for the virus Thursday after returning from Guinea on October 17 and is the first case of Ebola diagnosed in New York . Three states implement mandatory quarantine policies On the day medical worker Kaci Hickox arrived back in the United States , the governors of New York and New Jersey abruptly announced a new policy to increase airport screening for Ebola and to require anyone who has direct contact with Ebola patients to remain in quarantine for up to three weeks . NYC official : New Ebola policy ' a real stunner ' "  This is not the time to take chances , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo -- joined by his New Jersey counterpart , Chris Christie -- told reporters . "  This adjustment in increasing the screening procedures is necessary ... . I think public safety and public health have to be balanced and I think this policy does that . " But New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Mary Bassett is concerned that the mandatory quarantine will discourage doctors and nurses from volunteering to take care of Ebola patients in West Africa , her spokeswoman said Saturday . Illinois Governor Pat Quinn also ordered the state Department of Public Health to implement a 21-day home quarantine for "  high-risk individuals who have direct contact with an individual infected with Ebola " while in West Africa , according to the statement from the governor 's office . "  The mandatory quarantine order includes any high-risk medical personnel who have performed medical services to individuals infected with the Ebola virus . The order will be implemented by local health departments across the state . " High-risk individuals were previously subject to a voluntary quarantine . The United States is also considering a mandatory quarantine for all returning health care workers from West Africa , an Obama administration official said . 101st Airborne takes control of Ebola mission in Liberia The 101st Airborne Division officially took control of the U.S. mission in Liberia to fight the Ebola epidemic . Army Major Gen. Darryl Williams attended a ceremony transferring control of the mission at Barclay Training Center in Monrovia . "  Thousands of my soldiers are arriving now , and they are excited and ready to join this great team you have formed , so together we can stamp out Ebola , " said Major Gen. Gary J. Volesky , the unit 's commander . U.S. ambassador to U.N. travels to West Africa The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations traveled to West Africa . Samantha Power will visit the countries at the center of the Ebola crisis : Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . Power will also make stops in Ghana and Belgium during her week long trip , according to a U.N. statement . The visit is designed to show "  U.S. support for these nations and their efforts to combat this deadly disease and to draw attention to the need for increased support for the international response . " FDA OKs use of two new Ebola tests The Food and Drug Administration has authorized the use of two new diagnostic tests for Ebola , the agency said Saturday . The tests , created by U.S. government contractor BioFire Defense , are designed to to detect the deadly virus in people with signs and symptioms of the infection , or those at risk for exposure , or those who may have been exposed to the virus , according to an FDA statement . AFRICA DEVELOPMENTS Mali quarantine after first confirmed case At least 40 people are now under quarantine in the southwestern Mali town of Kayes , a Health Ministry spokeswoman said . A 2-year-old girl , who traveled to Mali from Guinea on Tuesday with her grandmother , died from Ebola in a Kayes hospital on Friday . She was the country 's first confirmed Ebola case . Another 10 to 15 people are quarantined in the capital of Bamako after the girl traveled there this week , said ministry spokeswoman Markatie Daou . Ethiopia joins Ebola response effort The Ethiopian government has announced plans to send 200 health care workers to West Africa to help fight the Ebola epidemic . The response comes a week after an urgent appeal by the African Union Commission for medical workers . Mauritania closes border Mauritania closed its eastern border with Mali after the nation 's first Ebola death . Mauritania announced the closure on Friday , calling it a " precaution , " according to Mauritanian news agency , Agence Nouakchott d'information  ANI  . The Mauritanian government had already banned travelers from Ebola-affected African countries , ANI said . Rising Ebola death toll There have been 10,141 confirmed , probable , and suspected cases of Ebola , almost all of them in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , with 4,922 reported deaths , the World Health Organization said Saturday . All but one district in Liberia and all districts in Sierra Leone have now reported at least one case of Ebola since the start of the outbreak , WHO said . The agency also said 450 health workers were confirmed to have caught the virus worldwide , almost all of them in West Africa . Of those , 244 have died . Complete coverage on Ebola CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Radina Gigova and Katarina H  ije , Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Fiancee of Ebola-infected New York doctor returns home The 101st Airborne assumes mission in Liberia U.S. Ambassador to U.N. Samantha Power travels to West Africa FDA authorizes use of two new Ebola tests
CNN  -- Of all of the calculations Zainab Ibrahim made during her accounting career in Baghdad , this one was a snap . Iraqi refugee Zainab Ibrahim lives in a modest , sparsely furnished apartment outside Atlanta , Georgia . After a bullet whizzed by her head and death threats showed up at her doorstep , it was time , she figured , to leave . She went to Jordan four years ago and arrived last June at her ultimate destination -- the United States . Once a target of insurgents because her job at the Iraqi Finance Ministry involved working with the U.S. military , Ibrahim is now trying to avoid another pitfall -- falling through the cracks of America 's recession . She and thousands of refugees across America who fled war and persecution just ca n't seem to find full-time jobs in a weak economy . And that just does n't add up for Ibrahim , who has bachelor 's and master 's degrees in accounting from Baghdad University and risked her life for the U.S. government . "  It 's everybody 's dream being in the United States . I thought I would get the opportunity I always dreamed about , " she said in fluent English in her sparsely furnished apartment outside Atlanta , Georgia . "  I 'm really shocked . I found out everything is slow . " View video highlights from her interview " The recession has made life tough nationwide for refugees . "  It 's the most challenging time I 've seen and I 've been doing this work for 25 years , " said Robert J. Carey , vice president of resettlement and migration policy at the International Rescue Committee , one of several nonprofit organizations that the U.S. government pays to resettle refugees . Lavinia Limon , president and chief executive officer of the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants , says , "  it 's a significant problem . " "  All refugees are required to become self-sufficient in a very fast time period . Our program is designed with that in mind . There is n't a long-term basis of support , " said Anastasia Brown , director of refugee programs for the U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops . "  What we have right now is a situation where it 's becoming more and more difficult to find employment in a very short time period . " The U.S. government resettles a limited number of refugees each year . They have full legal rights to live and work in the United States and can apply to become U.S. citizens after five years . Both the U.S. State and the Health and Human Services departments pay for limited refugee services . The State Department allocation for living expenses per refugee on arrival to the country is $ 450 , a sum the department calls "  modest . " Individual refugees also are eligible to get eight months of cash assistance and medical assistance under the HHS ' Office of Refugee Resettlement . Depending on states ' eligibility requirements , refugee families could be eligible for Temporary Assistance to Needy Families and Medicaid . State governments stipulate welfare benefit cash levels . There are five years ' worth of social services , such as English language instruction . Refugee agencies across America pursue various state and federal programs that can help newcomers stay afloat , but they say they rely more and more on private donations to help provide food , clothing , money and furniture . That increasing reliance on community support shows that the U.S. program for resettling refugees needs reform , resettlement agencies argue . Three agencies -- Church World Service , Episcopal Migration Ministries , and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service -- said in a recent statement that "  the recession is making it harder for refugee newcomers to find jobs within 180 days of arrival as the program prescribes . " They said the government 's "  one-size-fits-all " approach -- the $ 450 per refugee and eight months of limited cash assistance plus food stamps and Medicaid -- "  reflects neither what resettlement actually costs nor the importance the U.S. refugee program holds in U.S. foreign policy , " they said . The public-private partnership that has been the "  genius " of the U.S. program has "  fallen out of balance , " with the private sector is bearing much of the cost , these agencies say . More than 60,000 refugees were admitted to the United States during the fiscal year 2008 , according to figures from the State Department 's Bureau of Population , Refugees and Migration . The largest number was from Burma , with 18,139 . There were 13,823 from Iraq . Traditionally , refugees -- no matter their skill level -- have had a better chance of landing menial jobs , in places like hotels or restaurants or in plants with low-paying and arduous jobs . Now refugees are competing with Americans for low-paying jobs . Many are having a hard time finding the non-skilled positions . Refugee support agencies are scouring the job market , exploring job opportunities on farms as well as work in other sectors of the economy , said Carey , the International Rescue Committee senior vice president . He 's also chairman of the Refugee Council USA , a coalition of non-government organizations helping refugees . "  For the first time I 'm aware of , " he said , "  large numbers of refugees are receiving eviction notices . " It 's even hard for those refugees who go places where they have friends , relatives or members of their same faith . In San Diego , California , Iraqi Chaldean Christian refugees are facing strains despite having access to an established Chaldean community , said Michael McKay , refugees services department director of Catholic Charities in San Diego . There 's "  great competition " for jobs , from menial to highly skilled . Several Iraqis in San Diego have even talked about returning to Iraq . Yet some communities still have those one or two big employers with jobs well-suited to newcomers . In Bowling Green , Kentucky , refugees from Burma , Burundi , Iraq , Cuba and Bhutan have over the years found low-paying factory jobs that Americans shun , such as work at a Perdue Farms chicken processing plant , said James Robinson , executive director of The Bowling Green International Center . How long will that last ? "  We 're good now , " said Robinson . "  But you never know what tomorrow will bring . " Back in Atlanta , Zainab Ibrahim makes no bones about how she feels : She wants work in her field , as an accountant , not just any job . But she knows she has to recalibrate her goals . She worked from September to November as a foreign language specialist with the U.S. Army in Mississippi , working with soldiers before they deployed to Iraq . During tax season this year , she worked another temporary job , as an assistant office manager and tax preparer for the Tax Service of America Inc. . Yet to her dismay , she has been unable to find what she covets -- a full-time job . She has produced a resume , gone to job fairs , and applied for clerical and administrative full-time jobs at places like hotels . She mines the job sites on the Web every day , using a computer at the public library because she ca n't afford Internet or cable service at home . David Oliver , the IRC job developer who works with her , said "  the recession is a big factor " in her predicament . She is competing with other Americans for jobs and , he said , "  I think employers prefer to take somebody whose work experience is recognizable . " Along with refugee cash assistance and food stamps , Ibrahim saved money from her part-time jobs , and her family in the Middle East is ready to help her as they did when she lived in Jordan . Living frugally , she has been able to pay $ 600 a month to rent her sparsely furnished apartment . She has a $ 60 a month phone bill and a fluctuating power bill that once reached $ 240 a month . There 's $ 50 to $ 60 a week in food and then gas for her car . Ibrahim 's money is running out , and she wonders whether she will be able to pay her next month 's rent . Oliver says there 's help , such as IRC emergency funds and local rent assistance , but Ibrahim yearns to support herself , to pay her own way . Her struggles disappoint Louis Culpepper , president and chief executive officer of Culpepper & Associates Security Services in Atlanta . Ibrahim worked for his firm in Baghdad , and Culpepper called her a "  real go-getter . " "  I really feel bad about it that someone who put her life on the line ca n't get a job , " he said . Ibrahim exudes optimism and determination despite her frustrations . She reminds herself that she survived the war and is still living a dream in America . And she applied for a job not long ago . "  Keep your fingers crossed , " she said .	More than 60,000 refugees were admitted to the U.S. in FY 2008 Finding jobs proves difficult as U.S. economy in downturn State Department allocation for living expenses per refugee on arrival is $ 450 Charities , churches can take up the slack but they are feeling the recession pinch
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A massive fire engulfed a newly constructed , unoccupied luxury hotel in central Beijing on Monday night as crowds watched a nearby fireworks display marking the end of Lunar New Year celebrations . The cause of the blaze at the 40-story Mandarin Oriental is unknown . The cause of the blaze at the 40-story Mandarin Oriental is not known and there were no reports of injuries , according to CNN staff members who were at the scene . The fire began about 9 p.m. and continued to burn an hour later . A plume of flames shot from the top of the structure as the fire quickly spread . iReporter Jean de Villeneuve lives about 200 yards  200 meters  from the fire and said she watched it for about an hour before firefighters got it under control . De Villeneuve , who is originally from France , said she was surprised at how close spectators were allowed to get before authorities established a perimeter . "  I looked and saw the huge tower full of fire , and there were hundreds of Chinese down near my apartment taking pictures , " she said . "  If this had been the United States , you would think a perimeter would be secured , but there was nothing like that . " Watch flames devour the hotel " De Villeneuve said she and others were able to get within 60 yards of the fire . The state-run Xinhua news agency reported that more than 1,000 people in the area were evacuated , "  traffic controls were imposed " on a major highway and authorities temporarily stopped subway service on a line serving the area . "  Snow-like ashes fell as far as -LSB- half a mile -RSB- from the building and smoke eclipsed the full moon , " Xinhua reported of the blaze in the capital 's central business district . See photos of the blaze " iReporter Fred Rice , a British national who lives in Beijing , said "  the top of the building was exploding . " "  We were n't sure if it was gas canisters or what . It was a spectacular sight for sure , " he said . iReporter Stephen Chaytor said he was walking home from work when he saw the fire . Watch the hotel burn " "  It was spreading incredibly fast . It was obvious that there was a lot of debris on site -- that debris ignited very quickly , " Chaytor said . "  Fire took control of building -LSB- and -RSB- within less than 13 minutes , it went from small flames to being totally engulfed in flames . " He said a crowd of onlookers gathered around the scene , as well as fire and emergency crews who worked to control the blaze . "  There was a quiet concern for people that may be involved , working in the building or close to construction site , " he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? The fire reached past the 30th floor , but did not spread to any adjacent buildings . The hotel is next to a newly constructed tower for China Central Television  CCTV  , but no one has moved into that building either . The blaze erupted in the final hours of the Chinese Lunar New Year celebration as people set off fireworks across the city . Xinhua reported that Beijing residents were supposed to stop selling and lighting fireworks by midnight . iReporter de Villeneuve said she suspects many people in the city were trying to use whatever remaining fireworks they had before the deadline . "  We have been seeing fireworks for the past two weeks . I have to say this is quite a surprise , " she said . iReport.com : Eyewitnesses worried ` building might topple ' iReporter Rice said he was watching fireworks nearby when he noticed that fireworks were being set off near the buildings . "  Then we looked closer and saw the flames come from the top of the building , " Rice said . "  Soon became apparent that the building was on fire . " The modern , angular building was a sign of Beijing 's recent transformation and modernization . It had been scheduled to open late last year , but the opening was postponed until this year , though most of the building had been constructed . According to its Web site , the Mandarin Oriental-Beijing is the flagship property in China for the Mandarin Oriental hotel chain . The tower stands more than 500 feet high and contains 241 rooms , Xinhua reported .	iReporter who lives nearby says she saw "  huge tower full of fire " Plume of flames shoots from top of structure as flames engulf luxury hotel The cause of the fire at the unoccupied 40-story Mandarin Oriental is not known Modern , angular building a symbol of Beijing 's modernization
St. Louis  CNN  -- A 1-year-old boy whose family fought a Canadian hospital over whether he should be allowed to die received a tracheotomy at his St. Louis hospital early Monday morning . Officials at the SSM Cardinal Glennon Children 's Medical Center where Joseph Maraachli -- widely known in the media as "  baby Joseph " -- is being treated , wrote that following a thorough examination by a multi-disciplinary team of specialists and ethicists , a tracheotomy was deemed "  medically appropriate " for the child . The surgical procedure creates an opening into the airway through an incision in the neck , and a tube allows for suction of fluid out of the lungs . According to the hospital , this creates a safe and stable way to use a mechanical ventilator . Joseph , who was born in January 2010 , had been in the care of the London Health Sciences Centre in Canada since October . His doctor , in court papers , said there was no hope for recovery and recommended that the infant 's breathing tube be removed and he be allowed to die . The hospital would not perform a tracheotomy because they consider it to be an invasive procedure , one not typically recommended for patients who require a long-term breathing machine . The child 's parents , Moe and Sana Maraachli , refused to comply with court orders and sought instead to have their son transferred to a location where he could get a tracheotomy combined with continued mechanical ventilation and later be transferred home into their care . Physicians at Cardinal Glennon say Joseph suffers from a rare genetic neurometabolic disorder called Leigh Syndrome . According to the National Organization for Rare Disorders . The condition is characterized by the degeneration of the central nervous system and is inherited in most cases . In February , a family spokesperson told CNN the Maraachlis have undergone genetic testing , but no genetic link had been found . Joseph will remain in the intensive care unit for seven to 10 days and then head to Ranken Jordan , a pediatric specialty hospital in St. Louis , before being discharged and transported to his family home in Windsor , Ontario .	Canadian doctors had refused , citing no hope for recovery Surgical procedure allows use of mechanical ventilator Boy has rare genetic disorder
Guatemala 's new anti-impunity commissioner , Ivan Velasquez , arrived to the Central American nation in October with an ambitious agenda , promising to probe links between drug traffickers and political parties . "  We 're going to investigate if organized crime has permeated political campaigns with their financing , " he told CNN en Espaol in an exclusive interview . The announcement sent shock waves across a country that faces one of the highest murder rates in Latin America . Widespread institutional corruption and societal violence related to drug trafficking continue to be a concern , according to a recent U.S. State Department report . Previous commissioners have had successes exposing networks that colluded with the government . But Velasquez envisions an investigation that could expose the very apparatuses of criminal activity leaving no stone unturned . For Velasquez , it 's a question of transparency . "  We need to consolidate the activities of political parties so in return they can be more coherent , stronger and permanent , " he said . The 58-year-old Colombian magistrate was tapped in September by the United Nations to take the helm of the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala , a special independent body of prosecutors known by its Spanish acronym CICIG . A special treaty-level agreement between Guatemala and the U.N. signed in 2006 , gives the commission special power to investigate a limited number of sensitive cases . Investigating political parties is sure to ruffle feathers , but it 's something Velasquez done before . And he 's asking Guatemalans to take part . "  In this investigation in particular we need the biggest citizen involvement possible , " Velasquez said . "  We will vet all of the information they are willing to give us . " From Colombia to Central America Velasquez rose through the judicial ranks exploring the links between congressmen and paramilitary groups in Colombia in the 2000s . This ended with several members of Colombian congress behind bars . During its worst period , Colombia overrun by organized crime before order was restored , Velasquez said . Guatemala can still prevent falling into those same depths that other countries have faced . "  By what I have seen in Guatemala over the course of these last two months , we 're in the beginning stages , " he said . Guatemalan Attorney General Claudia Paz y Paz is confident the commissioner 's experience in Colombia will allow him to tackle such high-caliber investigations . After all , Paz said , "  there are similarities in how organized crime has permeated different sectors of society both within and outside of the state apparatus . " According to international observers , Paz 's leadership of the public ministry in conjunction with the commission has been instrumental in quashing organized crime gangs . For Eduardo Stein , a former Guatemalan vice president who was one of the key negotiators to bring the CICIG to Guatemala , it could be a determining moment for this nation 's democracy . "  This is emblematic . Finally , we could have some sort if transparency in how we do politics in this country , " Stein said . But other segments of society , including President Otto Perez Molina himself , appear less supportive of Velasquez 's quest . Velasquez "  does n't have enough time " to investigate political parties and should only focus on finishing the commission 's mandate , Perez told local media . Perez 's office did not return CNN 's multiple requests for comment . In the past , CICIG has successfully prosecuted several high-profile cases , including the death of lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg , which nearly brought down the government of former President Alvaro Colom . Rosenberg had taped a video claiming that if he was killed it had been at the hands of the president . The commission 's investigation revealed it was Rosenberg who had order the hit on his own life . The members of the hired eight-person gang were later convicted for the murder . Its long-term mission , however , is strengthening state institutions before the commission leaves in Guatemala , expected in 2015 . The commission 's mandate could also be renewed . But , since its inception , some Guatemalan legislators and other officials have lobbied unsuccessfully to have the U.N.-backed entity expelled . Velasquez is n't going quietly into the night over a little hostility . "  Just because some segment of society opposes the investigation , it does n't mean it will fail or be truncated , " he said . Testing democracy Despite the opposition that CICIG faces , however , there are many observers at home and abroad who support its mandate . An investigation into the nexus between political parties and organized crime has been a long way coming for both the CICIG and Guatemala , said Anita Isaacs , a longtime Guatemala scholar and professor of political science at Haverford College in Pennsylvania . "  It 's the next step that had to be taken , " Isaacs said . "  The landscape in Guatemala has shifted ever so slightly . It 's been biting at the edges and it 's finally gotten to the core . " Prior to the commission 's creation , Guatemala had a 97 & impunity rate . Only 3 percent of homicides ended in a conviction . CICIG oversaw the hiring of hundreds of new prosecutors , the creation of new units and the purging of the country 's public ministry . Under Paz 's tenure , the attorney general 's office slashed the impunity rate by more than a quarter . In a recent report of the public ministry 's results for 2013 , Paz 's office convicted a record 7,122 people in 2013 -- an increase of 20 percent as compared to 5,941 in 2012 . Michael Frulhling , Swedish ambassador to Guatemala , says the future lies in the hands of Guatemalans themselves . Sweden has donated more than $ 25 million to the commission . "  In the end , " he says , "  the fight against impunity completely depends on the country 's authorities . "	Ivan Velasquez is the new commissioner for a U.N.-backed anti-impunity commission He vows to go after ties between drug traffickers and political parties Velasquez did the same as a judge in Colombia His work makes some officials uncomfortable
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- The de facto president of Honduras denied Wednesday that his government turned off the power at the embassy where deposed President Jose Manual Zelaya surprisingly reappeared this week , and said that the people inside were free to come and go . A soldier takes a picture Wednesday of the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa , Honduras . Honduran forces also will not enter the Brazilian embassy , where Zelaya has been housed since Monday , de facto President Roberto Micheletti said in an interview with CNN en Espaol . But these developments do not spare Zelaya , who was ousted in a June 28 coup , from being arrested and facing charges for violating the constitution if he leaves the safe haven of the embassy , Micheletti said . "  President Zelaya should present himself before the tribunals of justice in our country where he has charges against him , " Micheletti said . The de facto president challenged versions of events surrounding Zelaya 's return . Despite local reports citing police officials that authorities turned off the power to the embassy and surrounding area ostensibly to discourage looting , Micheletti said that a congregation of pro-Zelaya protesters at the embassy short-circuited the power themselves . As of Wednesday , power was restored to the building , Micheletti said . A nationwide curfew was lifted Wednesday , but a security cordon remained in the area around the embassy . Micheletti said that the police were there because the people inside the embassy requested the protection , and said , "  We are not impeding the exit nor the entrance of absolutely anybody . " Zelaya 's announced return has re-ignited a stand-off between the two disputed leaders of Honduras . Brazil now finds itself involved because of its embassy . Brazil wants an emergency United Nations Security Council meeting to discuss the situation , the official Brazilian news agency reported . In another development , Micheletti said he is willing to meet anywhere with ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya as long as Zelaya agrees to abide by presidential elections scheduled for November 29 . But the de facto leader said in a statement read by his foreign minister Tuesday that his offer to talk with Zelaya does not nullify an arrest warrant issued against the ousted president by the nation 's Supreme Court . "  I think that what the whole world should understand about this country is that there is no immunity for anyone -- for anyone , " Micheletti told CNN en Espaol . "  And , no one can be above the law . " Micheletti 's willingness to engage Zelaya seemed to be a reversal of his position . On Tuesday , he had said in an interview with local network Televicentro that Zelaya 's sudden appearance would not revive negotiations to have him return to power . The United States and Brazil have said they support dialogue between the two sides , centered on the San Jose Accord , an agreement negotiated by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias . That deal calls for Zelaya to be restored to power . The Brazilian request for a Security Council meeting came after the Honduran government isolated the embassy by cutting water , power and phone lines to the building , U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly confirmed to reporters Tuesday in Washington . This was the same action that Micheletti denied Wednesday . Micheletti said that other nations have not given his government a fair hearing of its position . "  This is what we Hondurans want : to be heard , for them to read our constitution , to read our laws , and to see what happened before June 28 , " Micheletti said . The de facto government argues that Zelaya was not removed in a coup , but in a constitutional transfer of power . Zelaya , a centrist whose politics took a strong turn to the left once in office , was ousted in a June 28 military-backed coup . Despite increasing political , diplomatic and economic isolation , Micheletti has steadfastly resisted pressure to allow Zelaya to return to power and Micheletti thwarted two very public attempts by Zelaya to return to his homeland . "  Yes , we are alone , but we are surviving , " Micheletti said . "  Two months ago , people did n't think we would withstand all this time , but here we are almost three months later . " Amnesty International issued a statement Wednesday in which the human rights group "  denounced a sharp rise in police beatings , mass arrests of demonstrators and intimidation of human rights defenders in Honduras since the June coup d'tat and warned that fundamental rights and the rule of law in the Central American nation are in grave jeopardy . " The organization said police fired tear gas Tuesday at a building housing a prominent human rights organization . Around 100 people , including women and children , were inside , Amnesty International said . Many were there to denounce what they said were police abuse while breaking up the demonstration outside the Brazilian Embassy , the rights group said . "  The situation in Honduras can only be described as alarming , " said Susan Lee , Americas director at Amnesty International . "  The attacks against human rights defenders , suspension of news outlets , beating of demonstrators by the police and ever increasing reports of mass arrests indicate that human rights and the rule of law in Honduras are at grave risk . " It was still not publicly known Wednesday how Zelaya got into the country and he declined to provide details , only telling CNN en Espaol on Tuesday that it was a 15 - to 16-hour trip he took "  with the help of Hondurans . " Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report for CNN en Espaol .	Amnesty International official calls situation in Honduras "  alarming " Honduras reportedly cuts utilities at Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa Brazil official calls Honduran action on its embassy a "  serious " move Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya inside embassy
A petty crime sealed a final decision to retire to the Greek island of Crete -- but it could be legitimate government action to rescue Greece from economic melt-down that eventually forces Bob and Anna Scott back to the UK . Lured by the Mediterranean diet and climate , the couple moved to the village of Kokkino Horio in western Crete from Gloucester in 1997 . The burglary at their UK home was enough to seek a permanent move to a country known for its friendly welcome . "  There was no crime here in those days ... and it 's still the case , " said Bob who recounted the story of leaving a camera in a taverna and returning the next day to find it still hanging on the back of the chair where it was left . Initially they rented but seven years ago they bought a plot of land , built their own home , learned Greek and settled . The couple still love the people and the country they have adopted but Bob paints a picture of a nation in a mess -- one where strikes are commonplace , officialdom is mistrusted and illegal payments and tax evasion are part of everyday life . However , the medicine needed to fix it could force out those who have retired to a country which is imposing higher taxation to rid itself of a chronic debt problem . According to Eurostat , Greece owed more than 140 % of its annual GDP in 2010 , and the country is currently reliant on a huge bailout . The European Commission says Greece 's projected debt for 2011 stands at nearly $ 353 billion  $ 487 billion  . Bob and Anna say they are facing an extra property tax of $ 500  $ 690  next year and for the moment they say they can manage , but accountants are already sending letters to their clients warning that there may be more taxes on the way . Another British couple , Roy and Kate Cooper , who have also settled in Crete , say future tax increases may hit some ex-pats quite hard , particularly those on pensions . "  Luckily we have n't got a swimming pool or big house or big car which are being targeted to raise extra cash , " said Roy . As well as extra taxes , the Greek government is working hard to stamp out tax evasion and reform public pensions . According to the Greek finance ministry 's figures , last year it seized 555 yachts and imposed fines of $ 3.4 billion  $ 4.7 billion  . But Bob Scott says he continues to see regular evasion , explaining that shops may charge $ 25  $ 35  for a purchase but give a receipt for $ 15  $ 21  or no receipt at all . And he says many workers will ask for a small cash bribe to carry out a favour . "  Graft is a way of life , " said Bob . "  People are looking for it . We 've got used to it but we do n't pay backhanders to people if they ask . " Despite the frustrations , the couple are sympathetic to the plight of the Greek people and understand their anger . "  The current situation is driving most people to distraction because they realize the things being imposed on them are punitive -- absolutely nothing is being done to promote growth , " said Bob . "  They see people at the top getting away with what they perceive as blue murder . "  There are so many good things about this place . The people are very nice , friendly , helpful and generous when they know you . We really enjoy it here and we would n't want to go back to the UK unless we were forced to . " However , the couple believe an increased tax burden on their UK pension , which is their only income , could make it a possibility . The prospects for Greece are not promising . It has teetered on the edge of defaulting on its debts and the population is resentful of the austerity measures introduced so far . There are frequent protests and a public sector strike last week brought the country to a standstill . And there are other problems . According to Bob , local hotels have pegged their room prices for three years , but he said taxi driver strikes leave tourists stranded at the airport , and extra taxes could further discourage visitors and drive away those who have already moved to Greece and spend their money there .	Retired couple face extra property tax of $ 500  $ 690  in the next year European Commission says Greek debt for 2011 stands at nearly $ 353 billion  $ 487billion Swimming pools , big cars and houses are being targeted to raise extra cash Greece has teetered on the edge of defaulting on its debts
CNN  -- A 14-year-old girl stoops and screams above the body of a Kent State University student killed in 1970 by an Ohio National Guardsman . John Filo 's 1970 photo at Kent State University became a symbol of the anti-war movement at the time . A police chief aims his gun at a Vietcong prisoner 's head in 1968 , while executing him on a Saigon , Vietnam , street . And in 1989 , an unarmed man in Beijing , China , stands defiantly in front of a column of tanks as they rolled into Tiananmen Square . These are iconic images , the kinds of shots that changed the way people viewed history as it unfolded . They put human faces on conflicts and became rallying cries for movements , inspiring those who demanded change . But while these photographs -- chronicling a single , silent moment -- were taken by seasoned photographers , two of whom won Pulitzer Prizes , this time amateur cell phone video is grabbing worldwide attention . It captures the death of a young woman named Neda Agha-Soltan , galvanizing protesters in Iran and shaping perceptions of a land and people few Westerners know . See how images have inspired change " "  Every revolution needs icons and symbols -- an image that embodies a sense of universality of blight and at the same time innocence , " said Roya Hakakian of Connecticut , a writer , poet and journalist who was born and raised in Iran . "  The image of Neda does both . " The graphic video of Neda 's death , caused by a gunshot fired during a protest in Tehran , Iran , records her final moments : Her eyes turn toward the camera , people scream and struggle to revive her while blood streams across her face . Watch how Neda 's proven to be a tipping point " Having gone viral with the help of social networking sites such as Twitter , the video of Neda 's death has earned her the highly revered status of martyr . The woman who by all counts was an innocent bystander is now known as the "  Angel of Iran " and is inspiring poetry . She is mourned publicly despite Revolutionary Guard threats , and her likeness graces posters . For Hakakian , who left Iran about 25 years ago , the significance of Neda 's image runs deep . She said it 's part of a larger picture of current protests being propelled by women , and a reflection of the Iran and the Iranians she knows . What outsiders have seen over the past three decades , she said , are fist-pumping men decrying America , images of hostages and "  the burning of Uncle Sam effigies . " Americans , she continued , have gotten to know little beyond the talk of Hezbollah and Hamas support , discussions of nuclear bombs and the rants of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , calling for , among other things , the destruction of Israel . "  We come from different corners of the world , but we see the same thing , " Hakakian said of the video of Neda 's death . "  You do n't need to be Iranian . You do n't need to be her neighbor . You do n't need to know her name . ... Anyone can watch this and come away with the sense of injustice and what 's taking place , and I think that 's why it 's catching on . " Graphic images have long played a role in driving social awareness and change , said Bruce Shapiro , executive director of the Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma . The skeletal figures of concentration camp victims drove home the horrors of the Holocaust . And the brutalized body of Emmett Till , a 14-year-old black boy killed in 1955 for allegedly flirting with a white woman , was shown at the insistence of his mother at his funeral , galvanizing the civil rights movement , Shapiro said . In more recent years , amateur video was credited with capturing the 1991 beating by Los Angeles police of Rodney King . And the first images out of Virginia Tech during the 2007 campus shooting were taken by students before professionals could hit the scene , added Nora Paul , founding director of the Institute for New Media Studies at the University of Minnesota . The challenge today , in a time when anyone can post images , is making sure graphic photos or videos are put in context and used by news organizations in a way that moves stories forward , both Paul and Shapiro agreed . While news outlets may blur faces , offer warnings to viewers or not even use some images , the vastness of the Internet means that once they are out there -- no matter how horrifying or inappropriate for viewers -- it 's next to impossible to stop them from being circulated . "  Even if you try to control access , the dam is already broken , " Paul said . As for the impact on viewers , the effect of disturbing and violent images is hard to measure , said Elana Newman , who teaches psychology at the University of Tulsa and is a specialist in psychological trauma . An image often can communicate "  the depths of pain " in a way that words alone can not , Newman said . But she added scholars often debate whether such images turn people away from news , desensitize them or bolster a story 's credibility . And there is also the challenge to consider of "  balancing the privacy of the victim with the importance of telling the story . " Her own opinion ? "  These images are helpful when these events are far away , " she said , because they can bring home a story . They , however , are "  not helpful to people when they 're in their own backyard . " And the impact on the person who captures the image is often untold . John Filo was a senior photography student at Kent State when he snapped the photo that became a symbol of the shootings on campus and helped propel the anti-war movement at the time . He does n't remember going through six rolls of film that day , but he remembers being shot at and is all too aware that a mere feet -- even inches -- separated him from life or death . In 13 seconds , four students were killed and nine were wounded . It took "  a good nine years " for him to sort through the experience , he told CNN . His relationships suffered , as did his confidence as a photographer . He grappled with survivor 's guilt , the images he saw but did n't share and the anxiety about how his work affected other people 's lives . "  Everyone that was there that day was affected , " said Filo , now director of photography for CBS media relations . "  At least I had something to do that day . There were people who felt totally helpless -- people who tried to hide behind a four-inch street curb . " When no one could believe what was happening around them , he had the power to show it . "  You sit there as a journalist and say , ` If it was my brother or my mother , would I have taken this picture ? ' " he reflected out loud . It 's "  your purpose of being there . So yes , if it was my brother , if it was my mother , I 'd still shoot the picture . "	Photos from Vietnam , Tiananmen Square and Kent State galvanized movements Cell phone video of death of Neda Agha-Soltan , at a protest in Iran , goes viral "  Every revolution needs icons and symbols , " Iranian-born writer says Amateur videos and photos powerful but need context , experts say
Health.com  -- Doctors often recommend exercise for patients with fibromyalgia , but the chronic pain and fatigue associated with the condition can make activities like running and swimming difficult . Tai chi -- a slow , meditative martial art -- may be an effective alternative , a new study suggests . Fibromyalgia patients who took tai chi classes twice a week for three months experienced less pain , stiffness , and fatigue than a control group that attended lifestyle education and stretching sessions , according to the study , which was published in the New England Journal of Medicine . Tai chi involves a series of slow , fluid movements that focus on balance and deep breathing . Although it 's not clear from the study how exactly tai chi might improve fibromyalgia symptoms , both the physical activity and the meditative aspects are likely beneficial , says Chenchen Wang , M.D. , the lead researcher and an associate professor at the Tufts University School of Medicine , in Boston , Massachusetts . "  Some people need the physical improvement ; some people need more mental improvement , " she says . "  Tai chi can help with both . " Health.com : How fibromyalgia is diagnosed Previous research has shown that tai chi can help relieve the symptoms of arthritis and other pain conditions , but this study is the first controlled trial to examine its effectiveness as a treatment for fibromyalgia , which affects an estimated 10 million Americans . The study included 66 fibromyalgia patients who were randomly assigned to take one-hour tai chi classes with an experienced teacher or one-hour classes that taught coping skills , pain-management techniques , and stretching . Participants were also asked to practice tai chi or stretch on their own for 20 minutes each day , depending on which group they were in . Health.com : 13 mistakes fibro patients make After three months , Wang and her colleagues asked the patients to rate their pain symptoms , physical functioning , fatigue , and mood , all of which were combined on a single scale ranging from 0 to 100 , with higher scores indicating more severe symptoms .  The patients completed the same survey before the study began . The average score among the tai chi patients dropped from 63 to 35 , while the average for the control group dropped by just nine points , from 68 to 59 . Three months after the sessions stopped , the scores had remained roughly the same , which suggests that the benefits of the tai chi were lasting , Wang says . The results were encouraging , as existing fibromyalgia treatments -- including medication , sleep therapy , and aerobic exercise -- fail to help many patients . "  We need another approach , " says Wang . Health.com : Medical marijuana may help fibromyalgia pain Robert Shmerling , M.D. , an associate professor at Harvard Medical School and the clinical chief of rheumatology at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , in Boston , says that he often recommends alternative treatments , such as acupuncture and massage , to his fibromyalgia patients , although some of them are skeptical . "  I would certainly put tai chi on the list , " says Shmerling , who co-wrote an editorial that accompanies the study . "  It 's difficult to take something that 's as safe as tai chi and show that it has this dramatic benefit and not be enthusiastic about it . " The calming style of tai chi used in the study , known as Yang , may be especially effective for fibromyalgia patients , says Kim D. Jones , Ph.D. , an associate professor at the Oregon Health & Science University School of Nursing , in Portland . "  It works more on the parasympathetic nervous system , ... the part of the nervous system that helps us feel calm and relaxed , " says Jones , who studies Yang-style tai chi and yoga in fibromyalgia but was n't involved in the study . Health.com : 13 conditions that mimic fibromyalgia Jones recommends that fibromyalgia patients find a well-trained instructor rather than trying tai chi on their own . She points out that learning tai chi in a group may have its own therapeutic benefits , by boosting confidence , for instance . Many community centers offer affordable tai chi classes , but experienced teachers can be expensive and hard to come by . However , if future studies support the benefits of tai chi , insurance companies might start to cover the practice , Shmerling says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Study suggests Tai chi as a good exercise for fibromyalgia patients Tai chi practicers experienced less pain , stiffness and fatigue Doctor says the benefits of tai chi were also lasting
CNN  -- When Iranian officials arrive at the next round of nuclear talks in Baghdad on May 23 , they will seek to advance several of their own goals , while only making modest changes to their nuclear program . Tehran 's goal is to engage with the United States . Although the meeting will involve six world powers -- Russia , China , France , the UK , Germany and the United States -- it is the only venue it has to speak to American officials . ` Detailed proposal ' emerging at Iran nuclear talks Any breakthrough in talks with Washington might help ease mounting tensions with America 's allies in the Middle East , including the Gulf Arab States and even Israel . Furthermore , it will ease voices inside Iran that oppose talks with the United States , without whose consensus Iran will be unable to shift the direction of its nuclear program . Iran wants to get Washington to accept it is a player in Middle East politics . This grants it leverage to negotiate new terms of agreement over its nuclear activities . In return , Tehran will offer solutions to its conflicts with the United States in the region . Unlike the United States , Tehran currently supports the Syrian regime and will aim to ensure that a future Syrian government will protect Iranian regional interests . Iran supports Palestinian Hamas against the U.S.-backed Palestinian Authority . Iran supports Baghdad 's Shia government , which makes Iraq the only Arab country in the Persian Gulf to have closer ties with Iran than with America 's Arab allies . Iran also aims to keep Israel at arm 's length . It likes to portray Israeli hostility as a case of simple regional rivalry rather than one based on the real threat of a nuclear Iran . Ongoing talks allows it to maintain just enough transparency over its nuclear program to make the case that it is not fear of a nuclear Iran which prompts Israeli hostility , but the fact that it is capable of counter-balancing Israeli power in the region . Iran will therefore insist in the talks what Israel refuses to accept , that all states must join the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , eliminate existing nuclear weapons stockpiles and have the right to develop peaceful nuclear energies . Another goal Tehran will pursue is to demand that the tightening sanctions regime be loosened . An Iran-based journal , Iranian Diplomacy , suggests that Iran could cap its uranium enrichment at 3.5 percent -- a grade that can be used for nuclear power but not for nuclear weapons -- in exchange for easing sanctions . Iran could also propose first to dispose of its extra 20 percent enriched uranium , which it claims is produced for medicinal purposes . That is presuming that the Iranian claim to have the capacity to produce in abundance the higher-grade fuel is correct . The article underscored a political reality that U.S. diplomats have already experienced : Iran will never agree to cease enrichment altogether or give its enriched uranium away . In fact , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad never said Iran would , but the message was lost in translation when it was told in New York . That was because the West refused to admit a hard dose of reality when it was injected by Ahamdinejad 's controversial figure . Just as it refuses to accept that Iran 's nuclear policy is not determined by its presidents but by a higher body of decision-makers , which means that regardless of who leads the country the nature of its nuclear program will not change unless its demands are met . Iran is buying time without altering its questionable behaviors over its nuclear and regional policies . But the signs are clear that Tehran is committed to engagement to meet its desired goals . Iran 's goal is to use delay tactics to arrive at some "  soft compromises " in the talks . These include getting the United States to convince Israel to cease threatening Iran over its nuclear program , which has created tensions inside Iran . It also includes convincing the United States to permanently recognize Iran 's enrichment program and to agree to ease the sanctions . In short , Iran is in the mood for what it calls "  resistance diplomacy . " This means , in the process of talks , it will continue to exercise patience to wear out the U.S. resolve to confront it . In the best case , Iran hopes to leave the talks feeling assured that its immediate security concerns have been sufficiently addressed . That explains Iran 's recent accommodating stance towards the talks , which , according to former Iranian deputy foreign minister Abbas Maleki , has the full blessing of the supreme leader . In the worst case , Iran will continue using its regional influence and enrichment program to obtain future concessions . Iran will then use the next presidential race in June 2013 to revamp the nuclear talks by instilling in the West the false hope that a new presidential figure might be able to alter the course of Iran 's nuclear program , which will not happen , again , unless its security concerns are addressed . The best choice right now is to play the same game with Iran , by engaging it with the same patience . At the same time , Washington must recognize that any change Tehran will introduce will be measured against a host of demands that it will make to ensure regime security . Therefore , in the process of talks , threatening Tehran with military action is counter-productive . And while sanctions are useful tools , they must be adjusted to loosen to any constructive change Iran makes and tighten if Iran is unaccommodating . The alternative is risking entering into a protracted conflict with Iran . Tehran 's choice to pick Baghdad as the next venue for the May talks reveals a final goal : to unnerve the world by reminding it that only a decade ago Iraq was invaded on charges of possessing weapons of mass destruction . The current threat of war against Iran for fear that it could possess nuclear weapons may risk repeating the consequences of the Iraqi invasion in 2003 . The Iraqi invasion brought about civil strife in the country , and increased the Iranian influence in the region .	Keynoush says Iran wants engagement with the U.S. She says Iran wants the U.S. to accept Iran as a regional player Says there are clear signs Tehran is committed to engagement to achieve its goals She says the U.S. should engage but with patience
Washington  CNN  -- Responding to the uproar over physical searches of children , the Transportation Security Administration is rolling out new procedures that should reduce , although not eliminate , the number of times children are patted down at airport checkpoints . Under the new procedures , children age 12 and younger will be allowed to keep their shoes on , the TSA said . If a metal detector or full-body image detects a suspicious object , the children will be allowed multiple passes through the machines in an effort to identify the anomaly . Finally , airport screeners will have the option of swabbing the children 's hands to check for explosive residue as an alternative to patting down the children . Pat downs will be used only if concerns persist . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano on Tuesday told a Senate committee the TSA will roll out the new procedures in the coming weeks and months . "  It does require additional training of all of the thousands of TSA officers and that 's under way , " she said . In the spring , the TSA modified the actual pat down procedures , refining the parts of the body officers touch , amid widespread criticism that the pat downs were too intrusive . Since then , the TSA has been testing a variety of protocols to see if it could address public concerns without jeopardizing security . The pilot program , which has been going on since August at six airports , has shown the TSA could reduce the number of times it has had to pat down children , a TSA official said . The six airports are Boston Logan International , Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International , Miami International , Orlando International , Houston Intercontinental and Denver International . The furor over screening of children erupted in spring after a video posted on YouTube showed a 6-year-old girl being searched at New Orleans airport on April 5 . The girl protests the search at first , although she complies quietly while it is under way . TSA chief John Pistole said at a Capitol Hill hearing in spring that a female security screener performed the pat down on the girl because the child had moved while passing through the imaging machine . That prevented the device from getting a clear reading . Pistole suggested then that a pat down of a child is not entirely unjustified . "  Unfortunately we know that terrorists around the world have used children as suicide bombers , " Pistole said .	TSA responds to criticism of pat downs for children with new procedures Children will be allowed several passes through machines Options will include swabbing hands for explosive residue Official says it will take time to train all agents to implement procedures
CNN  -- The amount of education a person has plays a big role when it comes to deciding whether to make a long-term commitment to that special someone or to have a child outside of marriage , a new report says . The 2010 edition of "  The State of Our Unions " -- a report on attitudes toward marriage -- indicates highly educated Americans are "  embracing a pro-marriage mindset " even as middle Americans lose faith in the institution . That shift resembles trends normally seen in the poor , where marriage is "  fragile and weak , " according to the report , issued Monday The findings show moderately educated women , or those with a high school diploma and some post-secondary education but no four-year degree , are choosing the single life more often these days , especially when it comes to becoming a mother . According to the report , "  in the early '80s , 13 % of babies of moderately educated mothers and 33 % of babies of least-educated mothers were born outside of marriage , while 2 % were born to highly educated mothers . " In recent years , the numbers soared to 44 % for moderately educated mothers and 54 % for the least educated mothers . For mothers with a four-year college degree , births outside of marriage increased to only 6 % . Highly educated women also are getting married more and staying in those relationships longer , according to the report , which suggests this is a "  striking reversal of historic trends " The report cites an adherence to a "  marriage mindset , " which means religious attendance and faith in marriage is now a way of life for the highly educated . The same could n't be said for Middle Americans . From the 1970s to the 1990s , the report says , divorce or separation within the first 10 years of marriage decreased for the highly educated from 15 % to 11 % and fell from 46 % to 36 % for the least educated , but was nearly steady for the moderately educated , moving from 36 % percent up to 37 % . "  The State of Our Unions , " released by the National Marriage Project at the University of Virginia and the Center for Marriage and Families at the Institute for American Values , was authored by sociologist W. Bradford Wilcox of the University of Virginia . "  The retreat from marriage in Middle America means that all too many Americans will not be able to realize the American Dream , " he said . "  On average , marriage plays a key role in securing the welfare of children , " said Wilcox , who added that studies show "  children are much more likely to thrive if they are raised in a married home with their own mother and father . " Three national surveys were used to compile the final report . They were the General Social Survey , which conducts basic scientific research on the structure and development of American society ; the National Survey of Family Growth , which gathers information on family life , marriage and divorce , pregnancy , infertility , use of contraception , and men 's and women 's health ; and the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health , a federally funded program at the University of North Carolina . According to Wilcox , it 's the first to address the causes of the "  observed retreat from marriage in Middle America , " and finds that shifts in marriage attitudes , increases in unemployment and declines in religious attendance are among the trends driving the retreat . "  Marriage has gotten weaker " with the decline of churches and civic group in communities , he said , adding that more outreach is needed in areas where these connections are lacking . He also called on society to do a better job of pointing out the advantages of marriage , particularly when it comes to having children .	Middle Americans are losing faith in marriage , while highly educated adults embrace it The 2010 edition of "  The State of Our Unions " is released Monday Report : Middle Americans are more likely to have babies out of wedlock and to divorce "  Marriage plays a key role in securing the welfare of children , " its author says
CNN  -- An Egyptian court Monday ordered a ban on activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and froze its finances , according to state-run news website EgyNews . The move is the latest in an anti-Muslim Brotherhood crackdown that began when the military ousted President Mohamed Morsy , who was backed by the Brotherhood , in early July . The country 's Ministry of Social Solidarity said earlier this month that it was considering punishing the group , accusing it of violating a law regulating non-governmental groups , EgyNews reported . The law prohibits such groups from operating as political organizations and forming militias . The Brotherhood has a political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , and the current government has accused the Brotherhood of inciting violence . A U.S. State Department spokeswoman , in response to a question at a briefing in Washington , said the department is looking for more information about the court 's ruling . "  A transparent and inclusive political process that preserves the rights of all Egyptians to participate and leads back to a civilian-led government is critical to the success of Egypt 's political and economic future , " said Jen Psaki . She added that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy had discussed the matter when they met Sunday in New York . Opinion : Why the Muslim Brotherhood ca n't back down Egypt has been in turmoil since Morsy 's ouster , with the military and Morsy opponents battling Muslim Brotherhood members and others . In August , hundreds of people -- citizens as well as members of security forces -- were killed . Many of the deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo . Violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations a few days later . Read more : What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? The Brotherhood was underground during the regime of President Hosni Mubarak , who had banned the group . But after Mubarak 's ouster in 2011 , the group 's Freedom and Justice Party got into gear and fielded parliamentary candidates . The Freedom and Justice Party won about half the seats up for election in December 2011 , and its presidential candidate , Morsy , won in 2012 . Egyptian security forces lately have rounded up high-profile members of the group . Last week , they arrested a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman , Gehad El-Haddad , who was a frequent guest on Western media . He was arrested at an apartment in a Cairo suburb , Egypt 's state-run newspaper Al-Ahram reported . He was accused of inciting violence and murder . El-Haddad was active on social media , notifying supporters of rallies . Egyptian police official killed in clashes on outskirts of Cairo	Government : The Muslim Brotherhood was violating the law Egypt 's been in turmoil since the military ousted Brotherhood-backed President Morsy The Brotherhood was banned under Hosni Mubarak 's regime But it went official on the political scene after Mubarak 's 2011 ouster
Financial Times  -- India 's Supreme Court has rejected a plea from Novartis , the Swiss pharmaceuticals group , to patent its cancer drug Glivec , in a landmark ruling that health activists say will allow India 's generics industry to keep making cheaper versions of newer medicines . The judgment will infuriate multinational pharmaceuticals companies , already frustrated at the way India 's 2005 patent law -- which New Delhi had to adopt in order to join the World Trade Organisation -- has been repeatedly interpreted to permit Indian generics companies to override their patents . The Glivec case has been closely watched by both the global pharmaceuticals industry and activists for access to affordable drugs , who say it will set a precedent . For years , India did not recognise patents on drugs , which allowed India 's generics drugs industry to flourish -- and become the prime supplier of affordable generic drugs to many developing countries . India 's generics drug industry is valued at about $ 26bn . In a statement issued following the ruling , Novartis called the decision "  a setback for patients that will hinder medical progress for diseases without effective treatment options " . India 's 2005 patent law recognises patents on innovative drugs , but sets a higher-than-usual threshold for granting them , especially for updated versions of existing drugs . The Indian law states that if a drug company wants a patent on a modified version of an existing patented drug , it must show improved efficacy of the compound . Novartis , which had sought a patent on Glivec , had argued that the original compound it patented was too unstable for human use , and thus it should be granted a patent for the newer form of the drug . However , India 's patent office ruled that it was not eligible for a patent as it was not a new drug , a decision upheld by the Supreme Court . Novartis has threatened that if it lost the case , it would not introduce its newest generation of medicines to India . The Swiss company sells Glivec for about Rs120 ,000  $ 2,200  per patient per month . Indian companies sell generic versions of the cancer drug at a 15th of that cost , at Rs8 ,000 per patient per month . The company said that few Indian cancer patients have been purchasing Glivec , and most of the medicine used in the country has been provided by the company through a donation programme . But in a previous hearing , India 's Supreme Court judges have described the donation programme as "  a complicated scheme " , and suggested the company should reduce the prices .  The Financial Times Limited 2013	For years , India did not recognise patents on drugs , which allowed India 's generics drugs industry to flourish In a statement issued following the ruling , Novartis called the decision "  a setback for patients " Novartis has threatened that if it lost the case , it would not introduce its newest generation of medicines to India
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- Anyone who visits Tacloban would be struck by the resilience of its people , many of whom lost everything -- family , friends , homes -- when Typhoon Haiyan battered the central Philippines a year ago . But imagine if you were them for a moment : you 're told another storm , almost as powerful , is now heading for you . It 's a horrifying prospect . INTERACTIVE : See the latest satellite and path of the storm This is a population used to frequent tropical storms and that was one of the problems in November 2013 . So many people thought they could ride out the storm but did n't account for the deadly floodwaters from the storm surge that followed . And what followed has been well documented -- entire communities flattened and decomposing bodies strewn along the side of roads . A death toll that eventually exceeded 5,000 of this country 's most impoverished souls . Nearly everyone here lost someone . Barely 12 months later and the people of Tacloban , a name that will be forever associated with this disaster , have only started to recover , with many schools and homes rebuilt , businesses reopened and the scars of lost relatives and friends beginning to heal . The current storm in question -- Typhoon Hagupit -- may not yet hit Tacloban , such is the chilling unpredictability of these weather systems , but the prospect of another massive storm so soon after Haiyan is enough to alarm people here . And that has spurred many to act . "  I heard about the new storm on television , " Charity Hilaria , a young mother , told CNN from outside her modest home on the edge of a dirt road into Tacloban . "  It scared me , I remembered last year , " she added . As she cradled her weeks-old son , she told us that her family would be evacuating and spending the next couple of nights in a hotel . "  We have to hide somewhere to be safe . " Last year , she said they did n't understand the dangers of a storm surge because the government had n't warned them . Hilaria 's home was completely destroyed by Haiyan . Her new one -- little more than a rickety wooden shack -- took six months to complete , and only after they managed to get financial assistance from one of the many NGOs and foundations active in the region . While the safety of her family was the priority , she appeared resigned to losing her second home . All they can do is tie down the corrugated iron roof . Asked whether she 'd consider leaving Tacloban for good , her sister , Christina , interjected : "  No , this is where we grew up . We 've been living here for almost 30 years , so it 's hard for us to leave somewhere and start a new life . " Unfortunately , many of the homes of Tacloban 's poorest rebuilt in the wake of Haiyan are little more than shanty-like structures located in areas extremely vulnerable to flooding and storm surges . The local government initially tried to ban them from these areas , but they eventually relented , such was the pressure to build new homes in the wake of Haiyan . At one school on the outskirts of Tacloban City , hundreds of families sought shelter in a school , setting up makeshift camps along corridors outside classrooms labeled "  Science lab " or "  English , " and inside a massive sports hall . This is one of more than 60 evacuation centers dotted around the area . As we walked into the sports hall , we were greeted by hundreds of smiling faces -- mainly children , who clearly viewed this as an adventure . One middle-aged woman told us she 'd brought all 13 of her children along with her . Another young mother said her husband insisted they leave their home despite the threat of losing their possessions to opportunist looters . She said memories of the Haiyan prompted them to look for somewhere safe to shelter . As we moved towards the San Jose neighborhood , one of the worst-hit areas of Tacloban last year , the scars of Haiyan were evident , a single palm tree stood defiantly on the beach alongside a group of wrecked wooden shacks -- once the homes of entire families . This is a particularly poor neighborhood that sits along the water 's edge . Many residents like Ramil Arania , 40 , have opted to evacuate too , though the police reportedly have orders to arrest anyone who ignores compulsory evacuation orders for this area anyway . With the incongruous sight of a young boy surfing in the background , Arania told us he and his family were inside when the waves started to lash their home during last year 's storm surge . "  We were lucky , because the water made a hole in our wall that created a pocket for the water to pass through and not collapse it , " he said . "  We managed to get to the second floor -- if it was n't for that hole , it would have collapsed and we 'd have been swept away . "  And now we pray that this new storm just disappears . " While there 's a very real fear that last year could happen again , the situation in Tacloban is calm . The police and military are deployed here alongside an impressive number of foreign NGOs and even soldiers from South Korea 's military . The feared run on supplies does n't seem to have materialized -- yet . While some businesses have boarded up and closed , others , including gas stations , do n't have long queues of people anxious to stock up .	Year after Typhoon Haiyan , people of Tacloban are again braced for a tropical storm Prospect of another massive storm so soon after Haiyan is enough to alarm people At school near Tacloban City , hundreds of families seek shelter in a school Police , military deployed with large number of foreign NGOs , soldiers from South Korea 's military
CNN  -- The original "  pop-up restaurants " were secretive affairs . Called "  supper clubs , " they were hosted in private homes , the locations of which were revealed at the last minute via social media or guerrilla advertising . These underground gatherings of complete strangers were inspired by a love of food and seen as an act of rebellion against the established restaurant trade . Are celebrity chefs stealing the show ? Today , the idea is increasingly hijacked by celebrity chefs and big corporations . Everyone from Pierre Koffmann to Rene Redzepi to Gordon Ramsay are "  popping up " in locations away from their home turf . Exclusive and expensive pop-up dining clubs , membership for which can run into thousands of dollars , have also evolved out of the pop-up idea , to become part of the world 's high-end dining scene . The latest interpretation is from molecular gastronomy chef Heston Blumenthal , who 'll be transporting his three Michelin-starred Fat Duck restaurant from a village in England to a casino in Melbourne , Australia for six months in 2015 . Other celebrity chefs jumping the pop-up bandwagon include :  Rene Redzepi , head chef of Copenhagen 's Noma restaurant . He ran a pop-up at the swanky Claridges hotel in London for 10 days . At nearly $ 330 a head , his menu featured dishes like live ants and flowers . Opinion was divided about whether his restaurant , which focuses on locally foraged food , had traveled well .  Celebrity chef Jean-Christophe Novelli . He braved accusations of selling out by creating a one-day pop-up restaurant in London to showcase ingredients from discount supermarket chain Aldi .  Marcus Samuelsson of Red Rooster in Harlem , who opened a two-month pop-up in June at The Fairmont Hamilton Princess in Bermuda .  One of the most unusual pop-ups was on the London Eye . A capsule on the giant ferris wheel was transformed into a dining room with menus from the likes of Gordon Ramsay and Ireland 's Richard Corrigan . So are celebs and big money enterprises cashing in on and corrupting what should be an authentic , fun foodie experience ? Or are pop-ups a natural training ground for future stars and novel dining experiences ? A sign of the times Pop-up restaurants have their roots in Latin America where illegal , privately owned eateries called paladares  meaning palate  sprang up after the Cuban Revolution . The trend spread to the East Coast in the United States and London in the UK in the 2000s , run by foodies in their homes and unknown chefs in venues like disused warehouses or pubs . Supper clubs gave the hosts a chance to experiment with cooking and guests loved the risque feel . A chance for rising chefs Pop-ups offer rising chefs the chance to get their name known without all the investment and risk of opening a physical restaurant . Many now-famous chefs cut their teeth on temporary restaurants . Ludo Lefebvre of Trois Mec in Los Angeles previously ran Ludobites , a series of pop-ups across the city selling affordable , high-end food . Tom Collins of Bistrotheque ran the UK 's first "  guerilla " restaurant in a converted brewery in east London in 2006 . Pop-up pioneer and food blogger Kerstin Rodgers , aka Ms Marmitelover , started one of the first supper clubs at her home in London in 2009 . "  I was cooking in various cafes and did n't have the money to start my own restaurant , " she says . "  This was a way to cook without having to pay for premises and staff and without taking all the risks of opening a new restaurant . " Her first event cost just $ 16 -- now she charges $ 67 for themed suppers and can cater for 20 people in her living room . "  It 's good for tourism because people from abroad can come and eat in a Londoner 's home . It 's good value food cooked from scratch , which ca n't be said of many restaurants nowadays , " she adds . Stealing the show "  I 'm an original punk and I think there are parallels between the punk movement and supper clubs , " says Rodgers . "  Punks hate all these bloated rock stars sitting in tax exile in their mansions and in a sense supper clubs were a reaction to bloated and overpriced restaurants . " Posh dining clubs and celebrity chefs are the antithesis of the pop-up movement , she believes . "  What I find disappointing is there have been a lot of opportunists who do n't understand the roots of it , piling in with their big backers and marketing teams and pretending to do the same thing , and they 're not . " Social side Unlike some modern dining clubs , which require a big annual fee and a recommendation to become a member , the original supper clubs were open to an eclectic mix of people . Stephanie Biden runs a Thai-themed supper club in her home in southwest London . She saw Jamie Oliver visit a New York supper club on TV and thought she 'd try it . "  One of the great things is that if you invite friends around for dinner you tend to spend time thinking about who would be a good combination of guests to invite , and on the night your attention is divided between hosting and cooking . "  With a supper club you do n't have to worry about that . You can focus on the cooking and preparing the best food you can , " she says . "  It 's been a great way of getting friends and acquaintances from different parts of your life to meet one another . The dynamic is unique , lively and informal -- it 's neither like a dinner party , nor like going to a restaurant . " Exclusive club But supper clubs are becoming increasingly commercial enterprises . Tamsin Lonsdale runs The Supper Club . It has 1,000 members who pay $ 3,000-4 ,000 each for an annual membership offering access to monthly dinner parties in New York , Los Angeles and London . Uma Thurman , Christian Slater and Naomi Campbell are just some of the celebrities joining other personally vetted guests at her lavish events . "  It 's good to have something for everyone . The pop-up scene has more variety in it nowadays especially in America , " she says . "  Some are bring your own , some are very foodie-orientated . I try to marry the food , chef and the people . The suppers are structured and organized but our members like that structure -- they ca n't just drop everything at a moment 's notice . "  Of course I 'm in it to make money but I genuinely love meeting new people and it 's a relationship thing -- you ca n't put a price on that . Her role is to "  curate " a dinner party , she says , similar to an art exhibition . She brings together different people . The only criteria is they must be "  shining stars " in their field , whether surgeon or entrepreneur . Testing food trends A different kind of pop-up club is Dinner Lab , which tests out cutting-edge food concepts in pop-up restaurants in 10 cities across the United States . The aim is to discover the latest food trends and offer undiscovered chefs the chance to experiment , says 20-something CEO Brian Bordainick . It costs $ 100 - $ 175 to become a member and then $ 60 - $ 80 per event which includes food and alcohol , in venues ranging from helipads to piers . "  For most chefs , the restaurant decides what they will be cooking . Artists like having a free rein to be creative and we give them a platform to do it , " says Bordainick . "  We help them get out of the shadow of the head chef and hone in on which concepts could be a success . We 're trying to figure who and what 's next . " Every course is rated by up to 120 guests , and the aim is to eventually open permanent restaurants using the research . "  We 're experimenting in a way where we throw stuff at the wall and see what sticks , " says Bordainick . "  It allows people to try out experimental dishes in a very approachable way . "  Pop-ups are no different from any type of trend , it 's only a matter of time before it makes its way into big organizations who try to homogenize it . But I say , different strokes for different folks . " Future It was always going to be hard for underground restaurants to stay underground forever . Celebrity chefs and big business cashing in on the scene do n't seem to have dented the popularity of temporary restaurants ranging from home-cooked grub in someone 's living room to innovative cuisine in an aircraft hanger . Expect the pop-up to keep popping up . Claire Hu is a wine , food , culture and travel journalist based in South Africa .	Celebrity chefs like Noma 's Rene Redzepi and Heston Blumenthal are cashing in on the pop-up restaurant trend Pop-up restaurants started as illegal , privately owned eateries that sprang up after the Cuban revolution Pop-up pioneer Kerstin Rodgers thinks posh dining clubs and celebrity chefs are the antithesis of the pop-up movement New type of dinner club uses pop-up restaurants to test out cutting-edge food concepts
CNN  -- Michael J. Fox 's return to TV with NBC 's "  The Michael J. Fox Show " is an exciting and inspiring move -- there 's no argument there . But will his decision help boost NBC 's comedy slate to its once-untouchable highs ? That 's a question with a less straightforward answer . After leaving TV over a decade ago to manage his escalating Parkinson 's disease , the 52-year-old industry icon has signed up for his first weekly starring role since "  Spin City . " Instead of trying to work around Parkinson 's , he 's chosen to work with it : The premise of NBC 's new "  Fox Show " has the actor portraying a New York news personality named Mike Henry , who also left TV due to Parkinson 's , but has made a recent return , much to his family 's relief . Michael J. Fox 's triumphant return to TV Executive produced by Fox , Will Gluck , Sam Laybourne and Richard Schwartz , "  The Michael J. Fox " show was easily one of the most anticipated debuts of the 2013 fall TV season . And yet , says The New York Times , "  it does n't take long to realize that something is off in ` The Michael J. Fox Show . ' " The critic , Mike Hale , found "  very little " in the show 's pilot episode that "  will force you to laugh . ... The show is more concerned with making  Fox 's character  a saint than it is with making him funny . " The Hollywood Reporter said the show yields "  mixed results , " and not only because the humor -- which includes jokes about Parkinson 's -- is uneven . "  The pilot is asking you to , in a sense , laugh at Parkinson 's jokes and the man suffering from its effects . The unspoken agreement is that if it 's fine with Fox , then it should be fine with you . But that does n't make it any less uncomfortable , " THR said . "  It 's clear that tone and direction on ` The Michael J. Fox Show ' have n't been completely worked out yet . What is n't clear is what the audience reaction will be -- especially when patience needs to be the primary one . " If you disagree with that assessment of the pilot 's comedy , Time magazine 's James Poniewozik is right there with you . The "  ways in which the comedy uses his experience , irreverently but not snarkily , is by far the most remarkable part of the show , " Poniewozik said . "  The problem with ` The Michael J. Fox Show ' is how unremarkable everything else in it is . " Given how strong Fox is as an actor , fans should n't lose hope with the series as it finds its voice . "  The Michael J. Fox Show " does use the same documentary-style approach that shows like "  The Office " have used to success , which means many critics felt it was trying too hard to be like ABC 's critically acclaimed "  Modern Family . " With patience , though , "  The Michael J. Fox Show " may be able to stand out in its own right . "  The best part about ` The Michael J. Fox Show ' is Michael J. Fox , who is still as sharp , sarcastic and on-point as ever , " critiques E! . "  That 's what makes this show so likable , even though the jokes about his Parkinson 's might make some viewers uneasy . ...  I  f the show can figure out where that fits in , it 's golden . It 's striving to be ` Modern Family , ' when it should be working on highlighting its strengths . "	Michael J. Fox returned to TV on Thursday night He stars in the new NBC comedy "  The Michael J. Fox Show " Critics had mixed feelings about the first few episodes Fox is still great , but the series itself needs some work
Katie Hall was shocked the second she saw it : a light-bulb glowing in the middle of a room with no wires attached . Looking back , it was a crude experiment , she remembers : a tiny room filled with gigantic copper refrigerator coils -- the kind you 'd see if you cracked open the back of your freezer . She walked in and out between the coils and the bulb -- and still the bulb glowed . "  I said : ` Let 's work on this . This is the future . ' " What 's the trick ? "  We 're going to transfer power without any kind of wires , " says Dr Hall , now Chief Technology Officer at WiTricity , a startup developing wireless "  resonance " technology . "  But , we 're not actually putting electricity in the air . What we 're doing is putting a magnetic field in the air . " It works like this : WiTricity builds a "  Source Resonator , " a coil of electrical wire that generates a magnetic field when power is attached . If another coil is brought close , an electrical charge can be generated in it . No wires required . "  When you bring a device into that magnetic field , it induces a current in the device , and by that you 're able to transfer power , " explains Dr Hall . And like that , the bulb lights up . Wireless homes Do n't worry about getting zapped : Hall assures that the magnetic fields used to transfer energy are "  perfectly safe " -- in fact , they are the same kind of fields used in Wi-Fi routers . In the house of the future , wire-free energy transfer could be as easy as wireless internet . If all goes to WiTricity 's plans , smartphones will charge in your pocket as you wander around , televisions will flicker with no wires attached , and electric cars will refuel while sitting on the driveway . WiTricity has already demonstrated the ability to power laptops , cell-phones , and TVs by attaching resonator coils to batteries -- and an electric car refueler is reportedly in the works . Hall sees a bright future for the family without wires : "  We just do n't think about it anymore : I 'm going to drive my car home and I 'm never going to have to go to the gas station and I 'm never going to have to plug it in . "  I ca n't even imagine how things will change when we live like that . " World outside Beyond these effort-saving applications , Hall sees more revolutionary steps . When Hall first saw the wireless bulb , she immediately thought of medical technology -- seeing that devices transplanted beneath the skin could be charged non-intrusively . WiTricity is now working with a medical company to recharge a left-ventricular assist device -- "  a heart-pump , essentially . " The technology opens the door to any number of mobile electronic devices which have so far been held back by limited battery lives . "  The idea of eliminating cables would allow us to re-design things in ways that we have n't yet thought of , that 's just going to make our devices and everything that we interact with , that much more efficient , more practical and maybe even give brand new functionality . " What 's next ? The challenge now is increasing the distance that power can be transferred efficiently . This distance -- Hall explains -- is linked to the size of the coil , and WiTricity wants to perfect the same long-distance transfers to today 's small-scale devices . For this reason , the team have high hopes for their new creation : AA-sized wirelessly rechargeable batteries . For Hall , the applications are endless : "  I always say kids will say : ` Why is it called wireless ? ' " "  The kids that are growing up in a couple of years will never have to plug anything in again to charge it . " * UPDATE  March 17 It 's great to see so much discussion of this technology on social media and the comments thread . There seems to be a lot of interest in the contribution of Nikola Tesla 's experiments to the development of this technology . Dr Hall discussed Tesla briefly in her interview with Nick Glass : Nick Glass : Given that Tesla and others realized all this over a Century ago , why 's it taken so long ? Dr Hall : I do n't think they realized exactly what we 've done . They were certainly dreaming of wireless power -- there 's no question about that . In those days , it was a different problem , because they were really thinking about : how do they get the power from where it 's generated to where it 's used . And in that case they might have been thinking about Niagara Falls generating the power and getting it to New York City -- and that 's a long distance . We 're not proposing that the technology we have here at WiTricity would be used for that kind of application . When we came around , power 's already being transferred by wires to homes and rooms and things of that nature , so we had a much different problem , which was really just this much shorter distance . As WiTricity has mentioned on its website , its Highly Resonant Wireless Power Transfer technology is also distinct from Tesla 's creations -- and is efficient enough to be economically viable .	Dr Katie Hall is developing ways to transfer power without wires In the home of the future , wireless energy will be as common as Wi-Fi , she believes The technology could lead to new and revolutionary medical devices
CNN  It 's probably the most important advice Nigerian movie superstar Ramsey Nouah ever received : "  My friend said , " Nouah recalls , " ` you look like a great actor , why do n't you act ? ' " That was some 25 years ago , when Nouah was looking for funds to cover his school examination fees . Nouah took his friend 's suggestion and started auditioning for TV shows . He quickly landed a role in a successful soap opera , and soon after he made his debut in Nollywood , Nigeria 's mighty movie making machine . Today , Nouah is one of the industry 's most popular names , having starred in dozens of films and won several accolades . His latest movie -- "  Thy Will Be Done , " by director Obi Emelonye -- became last month the first Nollywood film to premiere at London 's BFI IMAX , Britain 's biggest cinema screen . CNN 's African Voices caught up with Nouah to talk about Nigeria 's film industry and present him with the questions you sent via the #AskRamsey and #CNNAfrica hashtags . CNN : How have you seen Nollywood change and grow over the years ? Ramsey Nouah : There have been several phases in Nollywood , like in everything in life . We started off Nollywood almost like making bread out of stone ; there was nothing , no investment , no structure , nothing on the ground to actually help the industry but we 've brought it this far and we are very happy . CNN : How do you see the political situation in Nigeria and what do you think about the recent security tensions ? RN : I find it quite dicey , it 's a case of uncertainty , not knowing what is going to happen ... however I 'm actually endorsing the present government because he -LSB- president Goodluck Jonathan -RSB- has contributed immensely to the growth of our industry -- call me selfish call me what but I 've been in this industry for 25 years , no government ever spoke about my industry like this one . He gave us audience , he listened to us , he gave several grants to help the industry , he sent so many of the practitioners outside to big film schools ... he 's giving money for distribution -- so for all these reasons . There was a point where there was a nosedive , when it was hitting the rocks because it was predominantly dependent on DVDs , and the quality of the production was poor . It was successful up to a point until piracy came in and intellectual properties were n't protected and practitioners were n't getting their worth . But now there is the cinema , which is growing drastically in Nigeria and that has really helped bring back Nollywood . So I would say right now it 's getting better ... because cinema culture is beginning to come -- if you 're going to shoot a cinema movie then you 've got to be thinking about the quality of the production and of the story . CNN : So what have you learned throughout this journey ? RN : I learned a whole lot of lessons , when the chips were high -- many people knew me and everything but I was so deeply passionate about the industry that I wanted growth and I wanted something better . I wanted Nollywood to look like Hollywood and Bollywood , I wanted it to have that appeal ... and at some point in my industry it was n't happening . Because I 'm one of the very top actors , knowing that with my influence I could make a difference , I decided at some point ... to be like "  look guys , lets upgrade , the new technologies are coming , how do we move forward . " Most of the people I was working with wanted to live in that mindset , and I felt "  no , I need to make a change , " ... and then I was just picking movies deliberately that I knew would stand the test of time as I grow old . Ramsey Nouah : I think my greatest inspiration is my passion for my art . My passion is my major drive , I love what I do and I like the competition , I like the circumstances that surround my industry and how to make it better -- if it was too easy and too fluid , maybe if it was n't as challenging , my passion would have died but I think the challenges make it stronger for me . Ramsey Nouah : I 'm not very certain -- I 've come to learn about life that never say never . I was thinking maybe in the next 10 years I 'll probably be behind the camera , directing and working on my own flicks but at the same time , of course , if in the next 10 years I am still good enough to tell a story and get into characters then I will still be there acting . Besides that , of course , humanitarian stuff mostly . Ramsey Nouah : I think it 's a public service kind of thing that everyone is beginning to think that "  OK , we can make a change " ... and most of my colleagues are thinking , "  if people believe in me that I can do it then I can make it happen . " For me , I 'm too much of a creative person than a politician so it 's going to be really hard , but I never say never ... I 'm not ruling it out and I 'm not saying that I 'm keen or I 'm going to go there . Ramsey Nouah : I stay under the radar  laughs  . I do n't know I 'm not a scandalous person by nature so I guess that 's what it is . Ramsey Nouah : Yes , yes my pair , my partner -- of course , I will , some time hopefully soon , we 're looking forward to working on another very good blockbuster some time in the future . Ramsey Nouah : I am spearheading the "  New Nollywood , " so it 's more of getting a good production out and getting a good production out is quite capital intensive . You need investors and you need to explain to the investors and let them know what they 're going to benefit if they do get involved . So it 's a long thing , unlike how we just used to do cheap movies and it was like quick -- people could actually tell most of our stories from the beginning , they could tell the end already . I want that to change , hence I do n't do too many of them movies anymore , but the cinema movies are now coming out and when that starts to come out then it would give room to people getting more from the movies . Ramsey Nouah : I usually like to unwind by playing my sports : I like to play squash a lot , and I love adventure so basically when I 'm not working I like to do crazy things , the things that people would least except that I 'd want to do like skydiving , bungee jumping , mountain climbing , all of those things . Read this : ` Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world Nneka : Nigeria 's soul superstar is back - and as outspoken as ever More from African Voices You can follow Ramsey Nouah on Twitter and on Facebook .	Ramsey Nouah won the 2010 African Movie Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for "  Figurine "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Some of the tens of thousands of refugees who fled to China to escape fighting in Myanmar are beginning to return home as tensions have eased , police said . Refugees from Myanmar sit with their possessions at a camp in Zhenkang , in southwest China , on Sunday . An estimated 37,000 people were displaced by the fighting , Meng Sutie , police chief in southern China 's Yunnan Province , told China 's state-run Xinhua news agency Sunday . The exodus of residents along the border grew to a flood last week as Myanmar government troops battled ethnic minority groups and their armies in the country 's northeast . The region has an estimated population of 150,000 . There were casualties on both sides of the border , according to Meng . Shells fired into Chinese territory killed one person and injured two others , while fighting in Myanmar killed a Chinese and wounded 13 more . In a rare criticism of Myanmar 's ruling military junta , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Friday that China hoped Myanmar could properly solve its domestic issues and safeguard the stability of its border with China , Xinhua reported . China has been providing emergency shelter , food and medical care for the refugees .	Some refugees from Myanmar returning home from China 's Yunnan province Estimated 37,000 fled Myanmar from violence , China official said Refugees fled what exiles said were rebels fighting Myanmar government troops
CNN  It 's an unseasonably warm day in Oakland , California , a perfect morning for Jennifer and Dave Simon to take their baby , Livia , out for a walk . But her stroller sits idle , and Livia is stuck inside the house -- as she has been for nearly a month . Livia is n't sick , but doctors fear she might become the 53rd person to contract measles in a recent Disneyland outbreak . Now she 's in a 28-day quarantine , because of a family that refused to vaccinate their child . Opinion : Heed the lesson from Disneyland measles outbreak It started January 2 , when the Simons took Livia , who had a cold , to the pediatrician . Two days later , the doctor 's office called to say that a child with measles had been in the office that same day . The Simons feared the worst . One of the most contagious viruses on Earth , measles can hang in the air or on surfaces for hours . If she 'd contracted the disease , Livia could become deaf or even die . "  We were really freaking out and really worried , " Jennifer Simon said . Then the Simons learned from a doctor that the child in the doctor 's office had contracted measles because his parents had refused vaccination . Livia , just 6 months old , is too young to be vaccinated . "  I 'm angry , " Simon said . "  I 've been upset that someone else 's personal choice has impacted us so much . " In Alameda County , where Simon lives , nine infants were in quarantine as of Tuesday night because of the measles outbreak , a spokeswoman said . Simon said she hopes families who opt not to immunize their children realize the full impact of their decision . "  Their choice endangered my child , " she said . She points out that vaccine refusers rely on other people to protect their children . It 's called herd immunity . If the rest of the community is immune to disease , it helps keep the disease from spreading to those who are unvaccinated . "  You 're basically relying on society but not giving back , " she said . Livia 's quarantine ends Friday . A happy baby , she does n't seem to mind being at home , but it 's disrupted the Simons ' life and cost them money , as the couple had to miss work for several days and then bring Jennifer 's mother in from Houston to stay home with Livia . When asked what she would say to parents of the unvaccinated child , she said she would first ask whether their child was doing OK . Then she would ask them a question : "  Hey , you guys , what do you think about vaccines now ? " 5 things to know about measles	A California baby too young to be vaccinated went to the doctor with a cold Another child in the office had measles ; its parents had refused vaccination "  Their choice endangered my child , " mother says
CNN  -- Iranian lawmakers have drafted a bill that would force the government to enrich uranium up to 60 % if new sanctions are imposed , state media reported Wednesday . The move comes less than a week after bipartisan legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate that would authorize new economic sanctions on Iran if it breaches an interim agreement to limit its nuclear program or fails to strike a final accord terminating those ambitions . "  If the bill is approved , the government will be obliged to complete nuclear infrastructure at Fordo and Natanz  facilities  if sanctions  against Iran  are ratcheted up , new sanctions are imposed , the country 's nuclear rights are violated and the Islamic Republic of Iran 's peaceful nuclear rights are ignored by members of P5 +1 , " state-run Press TV reported lawmaker Seyyed Mehdi Mousavinejad said . The so-called P5 +1 is the United States , Britain , China , Russia , France and Germany . The draft bill was signed by 100 legislators , Press TV said . A six-month agreement struck in November among the United States , other world powers and Iran calls for Tehran to start limiting its nuclear activities in return for a relaxation of sanctions that have crippled its economy . Talks are under way on a permanent agreement , and the outcome is uncertain . The Senate proposal emerged despite Obama administration appeals for Congress to defer pursuing new sanctions with diplomatic efforts ongoing . The White House said new sanctions would undermine those delicate efforts on the global stage and President Barack Obama would veto the legislation if Congress were to approve it now . The proposal would give Obama more than a year to engage in further diplomacy before any new sanctions would kick in against Iran 's oil exports and other key areas of its economy . Sanctions would hit sooner if Iran cheats on the interim deal or fails to reach a final accord . The Obama administration has said the centerpiece of its policy is for Iran to not achieve a nuclear weapon . The United States and other western powers believe Iran is attempting to build a bomb through uranium enrichment . But Tehran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful . CNN 's Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	The move comes less than a week after legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate U.S. , others believe Iran is attempting to build a bomb through uranium enrichment Tehran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful
CNN  -- The storm that swept last week across the Northeast left indelible memories for many , but also erased some . Limor Garfinkle , whose Staten Island apartment is littered with scraps of paper that represent some of the most important memories of a woman she barely knows , is trying to salvage at least a few of them . The 35-year-old art director for a Midtown ad agency drove Sunday from her home , which is on high ground and did not flood , to the hard-hit South Beach section of the borough to take pictures of Sandy 's aftermath . There , she came across Victoria Beckman , a Russian immigrant : Her family 's photographs and documents were arrayed on the stone railing leading from the street to her front door . iReport : Drying A Lifetime 's Memories "  I saw she had thousands of pictures , " Garfinkle said . Many were smeared with mud , others were stained by rust . The woman 's house was gutted , she had no heat and she was bereft . "  I said to her , ` Would you like me to take these ? ' " Garfinkle recalled . "  She said , ` Yes , please , I have nothing left . ' So I just took it . " Sandy survivors face voting -- and another storm Garfinkle took five plastic garbage bags stuffed full of memorabilia , loaded them into the trunk of her car and drove them back to her home . "  The whole thing was a mess , " she said . Garfinkle consulted the Internet and set about trying to preserve the treasure that had been entrusted to her . "  It said to wash the pictures with water and just dry them , " she said . So she emptied the bags and set to work . Many of the pictures predate the introduction of digital photographs . They chronicle weddings and bar mitzvahs and include images of people presumably long dead . Among the pictures were citizenship papers , tax returns and a Russian Army medal . "  It 's all over my house and my floor , " she said . Garfinkle , who grew up in Israel and plans to vote for the first time Tuesday in a U.S. election  "  I think Obama , probably . We 'll see . "  , said she was just trying to help . But Alan Radom , who has restored photographs for about 25 years , said that washing wet photographs may not always achieve that end . "  It 's the kind of thing that sometimes can help , but sometimes many old photos have dye in them -- water-soluble dye , " he said in a telephone interview . Radom , who runs Artisan Photo Restoration in Manhattan , said he is guided by the same maxim doctors follow : First , do no harm . Washing photographs is too risky for him . "  That might work , but I would n't take a chance doing that because you might take the whole image off it . " He advises separating any pictures that may adhere to one another and letting them dry . "  Once they 're stuck together , then it becomes near impossible to deal with anything , " he said . "  I 've seen 500 pictures dry together . It 's basically just a congealed block of paper and glue . " New Jersey lets Sandy victims vote via e-mail Radom recommends leaving any picture stuck to glass since trying to pull it away can tear it apart . "  Leave it be , " he said . And any wet pictures should be removed from albums , he said . "  The worst thing you can do is leave them in plastic sleeves and albums . " His personal trove of family pictures survived Sandy in the basement of his home north of the city in Westchester County -- "  raised about 6 feet off the ground . " Tom Sobolik , a professional photographer for more than 35 years in Westchester County , advised putting wet photographs in a print dryer , but said the devices have largely disappeared since the advent of digital photography . "  I do n't even know if there is such a thing any more , " he said . "  My recommendation would be to do as little as possible , " he said . "  But , if they 're ruined without washing them , then you try washing them . " Sobolik , who is launching an online print laboratory called riveredgestudio.com , said some companies , including Kodak , used resin-coated paper -- covered with a thin layer of plastic . Those photographs "  are more likely to wash easier and resist washing better , " he said . Remembering the victims Seth Bogdanove , owner of Digital Archiving and Photo Restoration in Manhattan , said washing wet pictures is dangerous . "  I would put them up on a piece of paper or towel or something absorbent and let the water leach out from the bottom and let the air dry the top , because the surface of the photograph is an emulsion -- you get it wet , it gets sticky and it can smear . You can get fingerprints on it . You put anything on top of it , it will stick . So the best thing to do is just put them face up and let them air dry . " Only if they were stuck together , he said , would he "  very gently " soak them to separate them . He recommends those who want to safeguard their pictures have them digitalized and stored that way . In general , the approach worked , said Garfinkel . "  Some of them , the ink in them did n't hold up very well , " she said . "  But very few , actually . Most of them are perfect . You know what held up best ? Kodak . The ones that were printed the old-fashioned way . " Beckman , who has moved from her home to a relative 's , said she was planning to pick up the photographs as soon as they are ready . How you can help CNN 's Daphne Sashin contributed to this report	In Staten Island , Limor Garfinkle seeks to save a woman 's cache of wet , muddy photographs She is trying to salvage five plastic bags stuffed with soggy memories Photographer : "  If they 're ruined without washing them , then you try washing them "
CNN  -- Two American tourists and their guide were kidnapped Friday in the Sinai region of Egypt , authorities said . Bedouin kidnappers want authorities to release a relative who is in detention in Alexandria on drug charges , said Gen. Ahmed Bakr , head of security in the North Sinai . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased since a popular uprising ousted Egypt 's long-ruling dictator , Hosni Mubarak , last year . In February , two American tourists were kidnapped and soon released in the Sinai region . The same thing happened in June , when two American tourists were released about a day after being abducted . In the most recent incident , Bedouins stopped a tour bus en route to Taba and kidnapped the two tourists -- a man and a woman -- and their guide , Bakr said . Authorities were trying to negotiate with the kidnappers , he said .	Guide is among three people taken hostage from a tour bus in the Sinai region Security official says Bedouin kidnappers want release of a relative held on drug charges Kidnappings , robberies are up since longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year
CNN  -- Nobody wants to underwhelm when it comes to their final words on this planet . "  Diane , toast me a bagel . " So if you knew the exact moment when you were going to die , you might put some serious thought into the matter and really nail it . Of course , you 'd probably want to go out with something inspired and meaningful . Or perhaps a dark , secret confession . Maybe explain to your wife that , yes , you traded her stupid cat on Craigslist for a football phone . And , no , she ca n't have it when you 're gone . The football phone goes in the casket . So does the dog . And whatever beer 's in the fridge . It 's all a little weird to consider , but if having this mortal information appeals to you , there 's a popular new Kickstarter campaign that delivers this gift of death . More specifically , a wristwatch that counts down to your very last moment . It also keeps regular time . Which is good . Because if you miss your appointment for erotic massage , there 's no refund . So I 've heard . But its main job is still to remind you when you 'll die . The watch , appropriately called Tikker , "  counts down your life , in order to make the world a better place . " And it 's a heartwarming sentiment if you 're into that kind of thing . Helping others and whatnot . I 'm just not sure that if I suddenly knew I had 40 minutes to go , I 'd quickly drop everything , grab a shovel and plant a tree . Truth be told , I 'd probably sit around the house , watch some Netflix and wallow in self-doubt . You know . The usual . But the idea is that you might go out and be a better person if you had a bit more advance warning . Which is why Tikker hopes to inspire people by reminding them that "  death is non-negotiable " and , as the days slip away , it 's important to "  make the right decisions . " "  Today I am not wearing pants ! " Just be careful to make the "  right decision " at home and not , say , Jamba Juice . Tikker comes from the mind of Fredrik Colting who , after his grandfather passed away several years ago , was inspired to create the "  death watch " in his honor . Colting said : "  It made me think about death and the transience of life , and I realized that nothing matters when you are dead . Instead what matters is what we do when we are alive . " I nap a lot . Carpe diem . However , if you 're even slightly more motivated than I am , and if knowing your expiration date is something you 're into , setting up the Tikker death watch will be fairly straightforward . You simply fill out a questionnaire with inquiries about smoking , exercise and general health . That creates a special number from which you then subtract your age . And there you have it : the exact number of years , months , days , hours , minutes and seconds until you take a big dirt nap . With apologies to the word "  exact . " Tikker is , perhaps , a bit odd , but it 'll definitely be a good conversation starter at the company holiday party . And that 's what Colting wants . "  The occurrence of death is no surprise to anyone , but in our modern society we rarely talk about it , " he said . "  I think that if we were more aware of our own expiration , I 'm sure we 'd make better choices while we are alive . " At the time of this writing , with two weeks to go , pledges for the Tikker death watch are at just more than $ 70,000 . Their goal was $ 25,000 . So , clearly , people are pretty excited about confronting their demise . Though hopefully not enough to test it out with a moving train . "  I still have 30 years . Bring it , Amtrak ! " SMACK ! "  I think Tim forgot to carry the one . " "  Dibs on his football phone ! " Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Tikker counts down to let you know when you will die The idea is to make you aware of death and appreciate being alive The Tikker watch also tells normal time
CNN  -- Emergency responders searched a mountainous section of Idaho Monday for a single-engine plane carrying five family members that went missing Sunday afternoon . The pilot reported engine failure at 9,000 feet at about 3 p.m. MT  5 p.m. ET  and asked the Salt Lake tower for coordinates to a remote airstrip near Cascade , a small town in central Idaho , said Lt. Dan Smith of the Valley County Sheriff 's Office in Cascade . The plane dropped off the radar and all contact was lost , Smith said . The unidentified family was heading from Baker , Oregon , to Butte , Montana , in a single-engine Beechcraft Bonanza aircraft . Smith said authorities used the pilot 's cell phone signal to narrow the search to a two - to - four-square-mile area in the mountains . The Idaho Army National Guard is searching with two helicopters . Deputies and rescue workers also joined the search in mixed rain , snow and fairly high winds , Smith said .	Pilot reported engine failure Sunday afternoon , sought Idaho airstrip Single-engine plane carried a family of five headed to Butte , Montana Search under way near Cascade , Idaho , includes state National Guard
CNN  -- Decisive , confident , disciplined , straight-forward and intelligent . These are just a few of the mostly glowing words the U.S. State Department apparently had for Margaret Thatcher in 1975 , according to an alleged cable that WikiLeaks published Monday . Dated February 16 , 1975 , the cable attempts to explain this new rising star on Britain 's political scene . At the time , Thatcher had just won control of the country 's conservative party . She became prime minister in 1979 -- the only woman to hold the job . Thatcher died Monday at age 87 . The cable is available along with a trove of others searchable on a massive database that WikiLeaks claims contains other U.S. documents . Several years ago , WikiLeaks became famous worldwide for publishing sensitive U.S. documents related to the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . CNN can not authenticate material on the database or the Thatcher cable itself . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell would not comment on it Monday . As it appears in digital form on WikiLeaks ' site , the cable says Thatcher "  blazed into national prominence almost literally from out of nowhere " and that her ascent was remarkable because she then had "  narrow range of prior experience . " But Thatcher had captivated the public , the cable suggests , and was the "  focus of intensive media and popular interest . " "  There is general agreement among friends and critics alike that she is an effective and forceful parliamentary performer , " the cable reads . "  She has a quick , if not profound , mind and works hard to master the most complicated brief . She fights her corner with skill and toughness , but can be flexible when pressed . "  In dealing with the media or with subordinates , she tends to be crisp and a trifle patronizing . With colleagues , she is honest and straight-forward , if not excessively considerate of their vanities . " Read the full cable The cable goes on to remark that Thatcher abides by the "  courage of her convictions , and once she has reached a decision to act , is unlikely to be deflected by any but the most persuasive arguments . " She was , the cable adds , "  the personification of a British middle class dream come true . " "  The daughter of a grocer , she had by dint her own abilities and application won through , securing scholarships to good schools , making a success of her chosen career , and marrying advantageously . " The British leader had "  conventional and somewhat forced charm , and above all her plummy voice stamp her as the quintessential suburban matron , and frighteningly English to boot . " The cable predicts what the future holds for Thatcher . "  If she is ever to become Britain 's first woman prime minister , she must ... humanize her public image and broaden the base of her party 's appeal , " it says . "  The odds are against her , but after her stunning organizational coup d'etat this past month , few are prepared to say she ca n't do it . " CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks : 1975 State Department cable captures political rise of Margaret Thatcher The alleged cable praises Thatcher , saying she had a quick and profound mind Thatcher became British Prime Minister in 1979 ; she died Monday at age 87
CNN  -- If Monday 's inauguration displayed the gushing , ceremonial aspect of American democracy , Wednesday revealed its more sober and confrontational side -- a Senate committee hearing . The hearing was Secretary of State Hillary Clinton vs. the Republicans on the painful subject of Benghazi , Libya . After a lot of anger from the senators and a surprising amount of emotion from Clinton , the final score was a draw . But some Republicans did better than others , and Clinton probably emerges with a healthier reputation than the administration that she 's leaving . Moreover , the debate throws up some tantalizing "  what ifs " about 2016 . Is America ready for Hillary Clinton vs. Rand Paul ? To take Clinton first , it 's remarkable how much her role as secretary of state has transformed her . Five things we learned from the Benghazi hearings To conservatives , she was once the Lady Macbeth of liberalism ; the feminist power behind Bill Clinton 's throne whose every utterance seemed calculated to upset the right . Her book "  It Takes a Village " was greeted like a manifesto of anti-American collectivism -- so much so that Rick Santorum felt compelled to pen a response called "  It Takes a Family . " But secretaries of state often find themselves elevated from partisan politics in to the heavenly realm of "  national interest "  think Henry Kissinger or Colin Powell  , and therein Clinton has redefined herself as a competent and admirable public servant . Consider John McCain 's first words at the Senate hearing : "  We thank you for your outstanding and dedicated service to this nation and ... all over the world where I travel , you are viewed with admiration and respect . " Given her extraordinary hard work and efforts to advance the rights of women and children , she has certainly earned that respect . It 's found in ample supply at home , too . According to Gallup , the former controversialist is now America 's "  most admired woman . " But even if Clinton did get through the hearing with her reputation intact , that does n't mean that Benghazi does n't leave scars on the administration . The critical -- and most electric -- round of questioning was started by Sen. Ron Johnson , R-Wisconsin . He demanded to know why Clinton did n't try to find out what was really happening on the ground sooner and why the administration persisted so long in refusing to label the Benghazi incident a "  terrorist attack . " Opinion : Benghazi blame-game is useless Clinton 's defense was similar to Obama 's during the presidential election : something went wrong , we did n't want to interfere with ground operations and it took a long time to gather the intelligence to know what really happened . But Clinton lost her cool and summed up that position in a breathtakingly callous phrase : "  What difference , at this point , does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again , senator . " All the difference in the world , I would imagine , to the relatives of the personnel who died . This rare loss of composure perhaps underlines the weakness of the administration 's case . The White House seems to think -- as John Hayward at the Conservative website Human Events puts it bluntly -- "  the game ends when they say the magic phrase ' I take responsibility , ' and they win . " But it does not . Part of "  learning " from the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi is admitting the basic errors that were made and providing the public with a clearer narrative of what really happened . But all we have at the moment are a catalog of errors that make up a very confusing story . It 's obvious that the political situation in Libya is not more stable since Moammar Gadhafi was removed from office  just ask any Algerian  , that insufficient security was provided at the consulate , that the administration fumbled its explanation of what occurred on September 11 , 2012 , that the rescue operation was delayed and that the CIA had some shadowy role to play in the whole mess . Clinton 's assurance that "  I do feel responsible " is not reason enough to stop asking these questions and just move on . Who then made the best case for the prosecution from the Republican side ? Given that Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida was participating , it felt at moments like an audition for 2016 -- and Rubio 's staff put the video of his questions up on his website with remarkable speed . Clinton lays out daunting security challenges in North Africa But the most impressive performance by far was from Rand Paul . He delivered a cool , withering statement that climaxed in this devastating paragraph  and you have to watch it to get the full effect  : "  I 'm glad that you 're accepting responsibility . I think ultimately with your leaving that you accept the culpability for the worst tragedy since 9/11 . And I really mean that . Had I been president and found you did not read the cables from Benghazi and from Ambassador  Christopher  Stevens , I would have relieved you of your post . I think it 's inexcusable . " This performance might be -- and should be -- remembered well by the Republican base when the primary campaign of 2016 starts . Ever since the last president election , Rand Paul has n't set a foot wrong . From his bridge-building visit to Israel to his opposition to the fiscal cliff deal , he seems well placed to become the tea party candidate . And what an unusually satisfying choice Clinton vs. Paul would be . It would be a genuine contest between big government liberalism and small government conservatism : Clinton 's internationalism and support for welfare programs vs. Paul 's anti-interventionism and opposition to pork . The question of who could win such an unusual contest is difficult to answer . The Paul family has a tradition of winning votes from Democrats , but Clinton 's new respectability could also pull votes away from the Republicans . One Kentucky poll found that in a head-to-head contest , she 'd even beat Rand in his home state of Kentucky . It would be a campaign that any elections scholar would relish . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Benghazi hearing with Secretary Clinton was emotional , confrontational He says her strong reputation likely intact , but administration still must answer for incident He says Rand Paul 's blunt critique pointed up administration 's obfuscation Stanley : Paul vs. Clinton in 2016 is a compelling idea ; could hearing be a harbinger ?
Leaders of the G7 nations on Friday condemned Russian actions in and around Ukraine , promising punishments aimed at sending a message to Moscow . "  We have now agreed that we will move swiftly to impose additional sanctions on Russia , " the G7 leaders said . "  Given the urgency of securing the opportunity for a successful and peaceful democratic vote next month in Ukraine 's presidential elections , we have committed to act urgently to intensify targeted sanctions and measures to increase the costs of Russia 's actions . " The statement from the group -- which includes Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom and the United States -- came hours after U.S. President Barack Obama threatened Russia on Friday with new sanctions . According to a senior Obama administration official , each G7 country "  will determine which targeted sanctions they will impose " -- measures that "  will be coordinated and complementary , but not necessarily identical . " The United States could take action as early as Monday , according to the official . This comes as Western nations and Ukraine 's government in Kiev express growing concerns about what they see as Russia 's role in the Eastern European nation , its military movements outside it and the potential for the situation becoming an even larger conflict that could envelop the region . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk accused Russia of aiming to occupy his country "  militarily and politically , " claiming that Russia wants to start a third world war . His strong statement came amid a sharp escalation in tensions . Russia 's defense chief ordered new military drills Thursday near the border with eastern Ukraine after Ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-Russian militants in an operation to clear roadblocks near the city of Slavyansk . Serhiy Pashinskiy , chief of staff to acting Ukrainian President Oleksandr Turchynov , said Friday the drills had entered their "  second stage , " aimed at encircling Slavyansk and cutting off additional supplies or support . And on Friday afternoon , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said Russian aircraft entered Ukrainian airspace on several occasions over the previous 24 hours . He urged Russia "  to take immediate steps to de-escalate the situation . " A U.S. official said they were fighter jets . They were not major incursions , but rather a handful of flights along the border that crossed into Ukrainian airspace , the official said . Yatsenyuk said he had asked Russia to explain the presence of its troops on Ukraine 's border within 48 hours -- but 24 hours later , Kiev was still waiting for an official response . At the same time , he said , the world is lined up with Kiev in its efforts to restore stability and preserve "  the system of world security that Russia wants to destroy . " Just as Kiev announced the second phase of its so called "  anti-terrorism operation , " behind the barricades of the security services building , at the command and control center , the pro-Russian forces expressed confidence they can repel any sort of attack . "  We have 2,000 fighters at the ready and plenty of weapons , " says Evgeniy Gorbik , a former military man turned spokesman for pro-Russian militants . On Friday , Ukraine 's Interior Ministry reported that 13 people on board a bus -- including foreign observers and military officials -- were detained at the entrance to the town of Slavyansk . The ministry said the captors were unknown , but that the detainees were taken to a security office that is under the control of pro-Russian separatists . The detainees are seven European representatives from the Organization for Security and Co-operation , five Ukrainian military representatives and a bus driver , the ministry said . "  We strongly condemn the fact that the members of the Organization for Security and Co-operation mission were taken hostage by pro-Russian separatist forces , this is completely unacceptable , " Ukrainian Deputy Foreign Minister Danylo Lubkivsky told CNN . Negotiations were ongoing to secure their release , the ministry reported . U.S. pressure Meanwhile , top U.S. officials have vowed more punitive international actions targeting Russia 's economy if Moscow , in their view , continues to escalate the situation . The war of words between the United States and Russia is growing increasingly intense . In a phone call Friday , Obama and European leaders agreed that Russia has failed to do its part to de-escalate tensions , the White House said . The Russians have not supported a deal reached last week to decrease tensions , nor have they called on militant groups to put down their weapons , the White House said . To the contrary , Russia has made things worse through its rhetoric and military exercises , it said . At a news conference Friday in South Korea , Obama said there will be targeted sanctions that are "  ready to go . " "  I think it 's important for us not to anticipate that the targeted sanctions that we 're applying now necessarily solve the problem , " he said . "  What we 've been trying to do is continually raise the costs for Russia of their actions while still leaving the possibility of them moving in a different direction . And we will continue to keep some arrows in our quiver in the event that we see a further deterioration of the situation over the next several days or weeks . " Obama also praised the unity of other countries in condemning Russian "  meddling " in Ukraine . Moscow argues that the government in Kiev , which took power after ousted pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych fled Ukraine in February , is illegitimate . The United States has accused Russia of supporting , arming and coordinating the separatist militants -- an allegation Moscow denies , saying these are simply local "  self-defense " units . NATO and the United States have also voiced concern over an estimated 40,000 Russian troops massed near the Ukrainian border . Russia in turn accuses the United States of "  running the show " in Ukraine and says it must do more to hold Kiev to its side of a deal reached in Geneva , Switzerland , saying the interim government must disband right-wing ultranationalist groups . On Friday , the International Criminal Court said chief prosecutor Fatou Bensouda had opened a preliminary investigation into alleged crimes committed in Ukraine while Yanukovych was in power . The investigation will look at the period from November 21 to February 22 , when street protests against Yanukovych 's government took place that resulted in bloody clashes with security forces . Volatile situation Only a week has passed since foreign ministers for Ukraine , Russia , the United States and the European Union agreed to the Geneva deal aimed at easing the crisis . But that pact , which called for all sides to refrain from violence and for illegal militia groups to disarm and leave occupied buildings , appears to have faltered , if not failed . Pro-Russian militants remain holed up in government buildings in around a dozen cities in eastern Ukraine . Slavyansk has been at the center of much of the tension . Nearby in Kramatorsk , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported gunfire at an airfield that Ukrainian forces retook from separatist protesters this month . But the head of Ukraine 's anti-terror operations unit , Vasil Krutow , told CNN that a helicopter at the airfield had exploded after a shot hit its fuel tank . He said the crew 's commander was injured as a result . An explosion was also reported overnight at a police checkpoint in the southwestern city of Odessa . Economic impact Unless and until additional U.S. sanctions are announced , it 's hard to judge how much they will hurt Russia . Previous rounds targeted individual lawmakers and businessmen seen as close to Putin as well as a bank , Rossiya , believed to serve the Russian President and senior officials . The European Union has also imposed its own asset freezes and visa bans . Russia increased interest rates for a second month running Friday in an effort to limit the economic damage of rising tensions over Ukraine . The move came hours after ratings agency Standard & Poor 's cut Russia 's credit rating to one notch above junk , citing a flight of capital from the country . The Russian ruble lost more ground Friday , taking its losses against the dollar to 8.4 % since the start of the year . "  We do believe that by more economic pressure , we can stop the aggressor , " said Danylo Lubkivsky , Ukrainian Deputy Foreign Minister . Any further sanctions could hurt the European Union as well as Russia , since the two have deep trade ties and nearly a third of Europe 's natural gas comes from Moscow . Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev acknowledged this week that the sanctions , coupled with other factors , were affecting the economy . Lavrov : U.S. ` running the show ' in Kiev ` without any scruples ' How will crisis end ? Five possible scenarios Opinion : Why Geneva accord is tactical victory for Russia	U.S. official : G7 sanctions will be "  coordinated , " "  not necessarily identical " Russian fighter jets enter Ukrainian airspace on several occasions Ukraine official announces "  second stage " of operation against militants in Slavyansk President Barack Obama says targeted sanctions against Russia are "  ready to go "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States on Tuesday imposed financial sanctions on an Iran-based company that it said is a cover for North Korea 's missile proliferation network , the Department of the Treasury announced . Hong Kong Electronics in Kish Island , Iran , was added to the list of "  designated proliferators of weapons of mass destruction and their supporters " for working with two others already on the list : North Korea 's Tanchon Commercial Bank and the Korea Mining Development Trading Corp.  KOMID  , according to a Treasury news release . The designation under Executive Order 13382 freezes any U.S. assets of Hong Kong Electronics and prohibits any transactions with the company by U.S. individuals , companies or financial institutions , the statement said . "  North Korea uses front companies like Hong Kong Electronics and a range of other deceptive practices to obscure the true nature of its financial dealings , making it nearly impossible for responsible banks and governments to distinguish legitimate from illegitimate North Korean transactions , " said Stuart Levey , the undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence at the Treasury . "  Today 's action is a part of our overall effort to prevent North Korea from misusing the international financial system to advance its nuclear and missile programs and to sell dangerous technology around the world . " The Treasury statement alleged that Hong Kong Electronics has transferred millions of dollars of proliferation-related funds on behalf of Tanchon and KOMID since 2007 . It also accused Hong Kong Electronics of facilitating the movement of money from Iran to North Korea on behalf of KOMID . Tanchon , a commercial bank based in Pyongyang , North Korea , is the financial arm for KOMID , which the Treasury statement described as North Korea 's premier arms dealer and main exporter of goods and equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons . Both Tanchon and KOMID were previously subjected to sanctions under Executive Order 13382 and sanctioned by the U.N. Security Council , according to the Treasury statement . It said both also had ties with other sanctioned entities , including Iran 's Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group , which it called the Iranian organization responsible for developing liquid-fueled missiles .	Hong Kong Electronics called a cover for North Korea 's missile proliferation network U.S. Treasury says company 's U.S. assets frozen , transactions in U.S. prohibited It says company worked with bank , arms dealer tied to other sanctioned entities Goal is to stop misuse of financial system to advance arms programs , Treasury says
CNN  -- Brazil playmaker Kaka confirmed his transfer from Italian side AC Milan to Spanish club Real Madrid , in a move worth a reported $ 100 million . Kaka announces to the world that he will play for Real Madrid next season . "  Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite , Kaka , now plays for Real Madrid following the deal reached with AC Milan , " Real Madrid announced on its Web site . "  The Brazilian footballer satisfactorily passed a full medical checkup . Kaka has signed a contract linking him to Real Madrid for the next six seasons . " Spanish media reported the deal was worth in the region of $ 100 million  65 million euro  . Due to fluctuations in exchange rates this figure eclipses the previous transfer record paid in dollars by Real for French star Zinedine Zidane in 2001 , but not in euros.All the latest transfer gossip "  It will be very difficult to fill the void that Kaka will leave , as he is a shining example of commitment and professionalism , " the Italian side said in a prepared statement . "  AC Milan , on behalf of the Rossoneri managers , players and supporters , send him the most cordial and affectionate wishes for the continuation of his sporting career . " See the 20 most wanted footballers The 2007 World Player of the Year completed the deal following a medical examination on Monday , at the request of the Spanish Primera Liga giants , his national federation said . The 27-year-old midfielder is currently on international duty ahead of Brazil 's World Cup qualifier against Paraguay on Wednesday but was released for the medical tests in the north-eastern city of Recife . International duty means the official unveiling of the player in the Spanish capital will more then likely not occur until the end of the month , after Kaka returns from helping Brazil defend the Confederations Cup in South Africa . Kaka is set to become the first of the new wave of "  galacticos " brought together under the leadership of returning club president Florentino Perez . Milan president Silvio Berlusconi had told Kaka that he had to decide on his future on Monday . The Serie A club 's owner revealed on Italian television station Rai , he would meet with the Brazil playmaker at the start of next week to thrash out Kaka 's future . Milan chief executive Adriano Galliani said last week that the club had agreed to sell the 27-year-old Kaka for "  solely economic " reasons . "  Milan can not go on losing $ 100 million a year , " he told Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport on Thursday "  Kaka has behaved very professionally with us , he has never asked for his deal to be revised or his contract extended . He has been here six years and won everything there is to win . But we ca n't afford to miss out on $ 100 million . " Galliani had said there was no chance of English club Chelsea -- who appointed former Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti as manager on Monday -- swooping in to beat Real for Kaka 's signature . An agreement with Chelsea could not exist , " he told Gazzetta dello Sport . "  Kaka goes to Real or he remains at Milan . That is his will and we are doing everything in complete agreement . " Kaka scored the final goal from the penalty spot as Brazil moved to the top of South American qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals after thrashing Uruguay 4-0 in Montevideo , their first victory in the country for 33 years . With Milan , Kaka won an array of awards including the Champions League , the UEFA Super Cup , the FIFA Club World Cup and the Seria A title . He was a crucial part of Brazil 's 2002 World Cup-winning squad he was also voted the FIFA World Player of the Year in 2007 . Last January , Kaka rejected a move to Premier League Manchester City who were prepared to pay him a reported $ 750,000 per week .	NEW : Kaka signs deal with Real Madrid , Spanish club announces Transfer from A.C. Milan worth a reported $ 100 million , according to media reports Chief executive Galliani says that Milan must sell Kaka for economic reasons Kaka currently in Brazil with the national team for World Cup qualifying double
CNN  -- Dozens of animals , some of them rare , remained missing from Tasmania 's only accredited zoo Saturday , two days after someone released the creatures into the wild , the zoo 's co-owner said . The intruder or intruders also killed about a dozen birds , including a Tasmanian swift parrot , said Rochelle Penney , who co-owns Tasmania Zoo with her father , Richard Warren . The Australian government lists the bird as endangered . Fewer than 1,000 of the birds remain in the wild , according to the Australian Parks and Wildlife Service . The death will affect the zoo 's work to increase the bird 's numbers , Penney said . "  It 's very upsetting , " she said . The incident happened Thursday night . Warren found an enclosure door open when he arrived at work the next morning , Penney said . "  Then it went from there door after door , " Penney said . The entrances of about 30 enclosures had been flung open , she said . The zoo sprang in to action to limit the damage . "  We had to quickly go through and lock them all up , " Penney said . "  We spent the last two days to recapture the animals . " Particularly painful was the release of the park 's population of quolls , a rare indigenous mammal zoo officials were trying to replenish in captivity , Penney said . Like kangaroos , quolls are marsupials and carry their young in pouches . But they are much smaller and crawl instead of hopping . The zoo also has a Tasmanian devil breeding program , but those animals remained in captivity , Penney said . Some of missing animals will die if not recaptured , Penney said . "  A lot of our animals are in captivity for a reason , " she said . "  They wo n't survive on their own . " Penney said she hopes that many animals will not go far , allowing them to be recovered . "  They know where home is , " she said . The incident has placed a financial strain on the zoo , which receives no government funding . It will cost up to 2,000 Australian dollars  $ 2,111  to replace each of the birds killed in the incident , Penney said . "  We are privately owned and operated , " Penney said . "  It has taken us nine years to get where we are now . " The zoo "  takes up about 15 -- 20 acres " and boasts a variety of animal life , but birds appear to be a particular specialty . "  We have over 80 species of birds , " Penney said . Tasmania Zoo has no idea who might be behind the rampage , hoping police will make progress or someone from the public will come forward with a tip . Fans of the zoo have called to offer words of comfort , Penney said , but so far no leads .	Tasmanian zoo searches for animals after someone released dozens A rare parrot was killed The zoo 's population of rare quolls is also missing Police have no leads
CNN  -- The flu was a big deal at the beginning of January , when nearly all states were reporting widespread influenza activity . It 's still out there , with elevated levels in most states , and can have serious consequences . But the reported activity of influenza-like illness has decreased nationwide . The most recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , released Friday , concludes that "  influenza activity remained elevated in the United States , but decreased in most areas " in the week of January 27 to February 2 , for which the latest information is available . What to do if you have the flu In the latest report , 38 states reported widespread influenza activity , down from 42 the week before . Although the proportion of outpatient visits for influenza-like illness , 3.6 % , is still above the national baseline of 2.2 % , it is lower than the previous week 's estimate of 4.2 % . The disease is still claiming lives , however . "  The proportion of deaths attributed to pneumonia and influenza  P&I  was above the epidemic threshold , " the report said . The number of pediatric deaths from influenza rose by 14 , for a total of 59 this season . While that is more than the 34 pediatric deaths for all of last year 's season , it is much lower than the 153 pediatric deaths in the 2003 to 2004 season , which saw a similar H3N2 virus responsible for a lot of illness , for example . Adult deaths due to flu are not tracked by the CDC . Populations most at risk of serious illness from the flu should see their doctor if they become ill , CDC director Dr. Thomas Frieden said previously . These include very young children , senior citizens and people with underlying health conditions . If a patient is short of breath or ca n't keep fluids down because of nausea , these are signs of a problem that needs immediate attention , said Dr. David Zich , internal medicine and emergency medicine physician at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago . But most patients should not go to an emergency room , he said . Just get plenty of rest and take painkillers to help with muscle aches , Zich said . Does influenza sorbet relieve your flu symptoms ? The flu vaccine is about 62 % effective , but it 's the best tool available to prevent the illness , health officials say .	CDC : 38 states reported widespread influenza activity from January 27 to February 2 The number of pediatric deaths from influenza rose by 14 Populations most at risk should see their doctor if they become ill
CNN  At the 1994 U.S. Open , John McEnroe said he would commentate on his head if Jan Siemerink won a fourth-set tiebreak after falling behind 6-0 to fellow Dutchman Richard Krajicek . Guess what ? It happened . Siemerink claimed the next eight points and McEnroe did as he promised in a later match at the season 's final major . No commentators were believed to have said something similar when Stan Wawrinka trailed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 5-0 and 6-2 in a fourth-set tiebreak Monday at the Australian Open -- and lucky for them . Just like Siemerink , Wawrinka did the almost unthinkable and pulled off a great escape . The defending champion at the year 's opening grand slam saved five set points in the tiebreak to close out the encounter against the Spaniard 7-6  2  6-4 4-6 7-6  8  and advance to the quarterfinals . "  Losing 5-0 was a bad start to the tiebreak , " Wawrinka , upset by Garcia-Lopez at the 2014 French Open , told reporters . "  At 6-2 I knew it was close to come back because I had the wind with me . "  I had to focus on every point . I knew if I was going to come back  to  6-5 ,  he  was going to get nervous . Just focused point after point . " Wawrinka is flying the Swiss flag after Roger Federer 's surprising loss to Andreas Seppi in the third round and the world No. 4 will have to maintain , or increase , his level if he is to continue his winning streak at Melbourne Park . Wawrinka 's quarterfinal opponent , Kei Nishikori , beat the 29-year-old in the last eight in September en route to making the final at the U.S. Open . "  I 'm happy the way I 'm playing so far , " Wawrinka said . "  I 'm ready for the tournament . My game is there . I did n't spend too much energy on the court since one week . "  I 'm happy to get the chance to play one more quarterfinal . " Nishikori did something rare later Monday on Australia Day when he downed David Ferrer 6-3 6-3 6-3 . Only Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic had beaten the Spaniard -- one of the game 's top competitors -- in straight sets at a hard-court or clay-court major since the beginning of 2011 . It was also the first time Nishikori defeated Ferrer in straight sets , his previous six victories all going the distance . World No. 1 Djokovic , going for a fifth Australian Open title , will take on Canada 's Milos Raonic in the quarterfinals . Djokovic overcame Gilles Muller in straight sets . Raonic , meanwhile , eliminated Feliciano Lopez in five sets . Lopez saved match points in two encounters earlier in the fortnight and saved another versus Raonic in the fourth set . But Raonic took the fifth 6-3 to prevent a rare hat-trick . Another early wobble for Serena For the third straight match , women 's top-seed Serena Williams survived an early wobble to progress . She saved three set points in the first set against Vera Zvonareva , lost the first set against Elina Svitolina and then lost the first set to Garbine Muguruza -- her conqueror at the French Open -- on Monday . But Williams upped her game despite dealing with a cough and got a bit of luck in the third set to oust the big , flat-hitting 24th-seed 2-6 6-3 6-2 in the fourth round . "  I 've been playing for a long time , " Williams , bidding for a 19th major but first in Australia in five years , told reporters . "  When I have to go up a level , I have to . "  I ca n't afford to stay at the same level or I will be where I was at the French Open . I definitely did n't want to be there without at least trying to give 1000 % . " Still the match might have turned out differently had Muguruza not missed a routine volley on break point when leading 1-0 in the third . "  I knew that if I won this game , I would have more chances to win the third set , because  to  break her serve , it 's difficult , " said Muguruza . "  I wanted to use that opportunity , but I could n't . " Williams returned to the Rod Laver Arena later on Monday , rooting on older sister Venus . And she left in good spirits , since Venus Williams upset sixth-seed Agnieszka Radwanska 6-3 2-6 6-1 to make a first grand slam quarterfinal in five years . Venus Williams , too , had n't beaten a top-10 player at a major since the 2010 U.S. Open . "  She really had answers for everything today , " said Radwanska . When Victoria Azarenka upset Caroline Wozniacki in the second round , most would have expected Serena Williams to face the two-time Australian Open winner in the quarterfinals . But Dominika Cibulkova did n't read the script . The 2013 finalist defeated Azarenka 6-2 3-6 6-3 . Madison Keys -- who sent Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova packing -- reached her first grand slam quarterfinal by beating compatriot Madison Brengle 6-2 6-4 .	Stan Wawrinka drops his first set at the Australian Open But the Swiss rallies in a fourth-set tiebreak to advance Serena Williams also rallies , against Garbine Muguruza Novak Djokovic and Dominika Cibulkova progress to the quarterfinals , too
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro told a CNN reporting team Friday that it could continue reporting in the South American country , a day after the government revoked or denied press credentials for CNN journalists . Earlier , Maduro had said he would expel CNN if it did not "  rectify " its coverage of anti-government protests . During a news conference aired live on state-run TV , Maduro reversed his early position , saying CNN could stay . Following the more than two-hour news conference , officials told CNN that its journalists would be issued credentials to report within the country . It was a bizarre end to the news conference that saw Maduro call out CNN , Fox News and other U.S.-based media , claiming they encouraged opposition forces against the government . "  Where is CNN en Espaol . There they are . ... They do not talk about anything except Venezuela . One hundred percent of the programming until today has been Venezuela . No other Latin American news but Venezuela , " Maduro said . " ... They 're calling for civil war , hatred and are lying to the world about what is happening in Venezuela . This comes back to the owner of CNN . He is the one who sets the guidelines . And they work with the State Department , and from there they use that network to foment a pretend war among Venezuelans and to say internationally there should be intervention in Venezuela . " Maduro called on CNN to rectify its reporting . "  I know they want to stay in Venezuela . Do it . Cover Venezuela . Cover it in a balanced way . When they call you and say report THIS , find a balance , " he said . "  A balance based on respect for Venezuelan laws . He who does not respect the laws will not be on Venezuelan airwaves . " CNN correspondents Rafael Romo and Karl Penhaul , and CNN en Espaol 's Osmary Hernandez were often shown prominently in cutaway shots during the state TV broadcast . During the broadcast , Maduro invited a question from Penhaul , who asked about the status of an investigation into the theft of CNN 's television equipment at gunpoint this week . The crew had been covering an anti-government protest when they were robbed . Maduro assured Penhaul the incident was being investigated . "  We expect that you will be able to go with the loss recovered , " Maduro said . Anti-government protests have become a daily occurrence in the country , and clashes with security forces or pro-government supporters have resulted in at least eight deaths , officials said . In a televised speech on Thursday , Maduro said CNN was not showing "  the people working , studying , building the homeland . " "  Enough war propaganda . I do not accept war propaganda against Venezuela . If they do not rectify things , get out of Venezuela , CNN , get out , " Maduro said , to applause from his pro-government audience . "  Fuera ! Fuera ! " people in the crowd shouted -- "  Out ! Out ! " Hours later , government officials notified seven journalists for CNN International and CNN en Espaol that their press accreditation had been denied or revoked . CNN teams from outside Venezuela were told to book flights back to their home countries . Maduro described CNN 's journalists with some of the same adjectives he uses for his political opponents . "  A group of fascists with their aggressions want to take us away from peace , " Maduro said . "  They are not going to do that . And we are going to show them . " When members of the CNN International team were told their credentials were denied , they were asked several times when they would be leaving the country . While the journalists were asked to leave , CNN International and CNN en Espaol continue to broadcast in Venezuela . CNN has repeatedly asked for a meeting with officials . "  CNN has reported both sides of the tense situation in Venezuela , even with very limited access to government officials , " CNN said in a statement , adding that at the time its credentials were revoked , CNN was seeking an interview with the president . "  We hope the government will reconsider its decision . Meanwhile , we will continue reporting on Venezuela in the fair , accurate and balanced manner we are known for . " A top legislative leader for the ruling party said the government will investigate the allegations against CNN , and will not "  tremble in acting against those who make an attempt against the motherland . " The move to revoke CNN 's press credentials comes after weeks of protests that mark the largest demonstrations Maduro has faced in his 11 months in power following the death of President Hugo Chavez . Government authorities and opposition leaders have blamed each other for deaths resulting from the violence . Leopoldo Lopez , an opposition leader in Venezuela , faces arson and conspiracy charges in connection with the unrest . Lopez , who has denied the charges , is being held in a military prison outside Caracas . Venezuela also expelled three U.S. diplomats this week , accusing them of conspiring to bring down the government -- an accusation that the State Department has repeatedly denied .	President Nicolas Maduro says CNN can stay in the country and report Maduro calls on CNN to "  rectify " its reporting Maduro calls the network 's coverage "  war propaganda " Tensions are running high amid anti-government protests
CNN  -- At a press conference in Dallas earlier this month , I listened as a hospital administrator made the now infamous revelation that a feverish man was allowed to go home from the emergency room even though he 'd recently been in Liberia . That man , of course , turned out to be Thomas Eric Duncan , who died the next week of Ebola . Reporters looked at each other and gasped in surprise . How could they have let Duncan go home ? Not me . I thought , "  It 's happened again . "	Communication errors in hospitals can be deadly The mistake in Dallas got a lot of attention because Ebola was involved Similar , less high-profile mistakes , happen again and again , Cohen says
CNN  -- The athletic young man who arrived in Dr. Deepak Chopra 's classroom last month for a course in leadership was impeccably dressed in a hunting jacket , polite and unassuming . "  He said he was in the investment business , " the wellness guru told CNN in a telephone interview . "  He did not say , ` I 'm from Libya . ' He said , ` I 'm from North Africa , ' or words to that effect . " But Chopra knew who he was and where he was from . "  We had been informed by the State Department that he was going to be there , that he did n't want to use his official name and we should respect that . So , he introduced himself with his name , but he did n't use the name Gadhafi . " His name was Khamis , the 27-year-old scion of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi who was in the third week of an "  internship " that took him across the country to hone his leadership skills . Asked to list his hobbies , Khamis Gaddhafi said , "  Adventure and horses . " Someone with knowledge of his program told CNN his 36-day planned internship began in Houston on January 21 , when he was to meet with officials from AECOM , the global engineering and design company that sponsored the program . That weekend 's options included a 236-mile flight to Hondo , Texas , for hunting at Lonesome Deer Ranch with a return flight arriving in Houston in time for dinner at Capital Grille , a high-end steakhouse . The next day 's classes in leadership and program management were to be followed by a visit to the Johnson Space Center , a class in traffic and emergency management and a "  business dinner " at Willie G 's , a steakhouse and seafood place . The week included a visit to the Port of Houston . An official told CNN in a statement that it had granted a request to meet with Gadhafi during his internship associated with his pursuit of an MBA . "  During his visit , he toured several Port Authority facilities and received briefings on trade relations , " the statement said . Visits with oil company and other business executives were scheduled around lunch at the Coronado Club , which describes itself as "  a bastion of strength and financial solidity in Houston 's downtown business district . " On January 29 , Gadhafi was scheduled to travel to Los Angeles , where he was to receive a VIP tour of Universal Studios , meet with Silicon Valley and other business leaders there and in San Francisco and then travel to the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs , Colorado . Academy spokesman John Van Winkle told CNN that Gadhafi was given "  a standard tour " during his visit on February 7 . The next morning , he was slated to fly to Chicago for more training with AECOM lawyers on such topics as "  global contract management " and "  foreign corrupt practices training . " It was in Chicago that he attended Chopra 's three-day leadership class at the Kellogg School of Business . The author of "  The Soul of Leadership , " who has advised CNN management , noted to the class the turmoil faced by then-Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . "  We were analyzing in the class why Mubarak was going through this and why it would have a ripple effect . He  Gadhafi  was taking notes extensively . " Chopra added , "  I purposely did n't mention his dad because I thought it would be impolite . " After the class , when Gadhafi and a traveling companion , also from Libya , invited their teacher to visit Libya and meet Gadhafi 's father , Chopra said he was tempted to accept . "  I said , ` Wow , these guys are really interested in spirituality . ' " Gadhafi next traveled to Washington , where he met with defense contractors , including representatives of Northrop Grumman . A spokesman for the company , Randy Belote , confirmed that the meetings took place . But , citing company policy , he would not comment on them . National War College spokesman Dave Thomas said Khamis Gadhafi visited there accompanied by a State Department representative , meeting with faculty and deans . Tactics were not discussed , though the "  structure of military education " was , Thomas said . On February 16 , a day after unrest erupted in his country , Gadhafi traveled to New York for more meetings and meals with business leaders . New York Stock Exchange spokesman Richard Adamonis confirmed that Gadhafi visited the exchange as part of a group on February 17 . "  Neither he nor the group in question were part of a bell ring , simply a basic tour of the trading floor for the group , " Adamonis said . But later that day , he cut short his internship -- missing out on a planned tour of West Point , his choice of the Broadway shows "  Mamma Mia " or "  Jersey Boys " and a final leg to Boston for meetings with professors at Harvard University . Instead , he returned to Libya to lead the 32nd Reinforced Brigade against rebel forces . On Tuesday , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the department had not approved any of the meetings . "  There was nothing , in fact , for the State Department to sign off on , " he told reporters . "  This was a private i nternship . We were aware of his itinerary , but that was the extent of it . And our role was limited to meeting him upon his arrival at the airport , which is not unusual in these kinds of situations . " Paul Gennaro , the senior vice president and chief communications officer for AECOM , issued a statement saying , "  The educational internship , which consisted of publicly available information , was aligned with our efforts to improve quality of life , specifically in Libya , where we were advancing public infrastructure such as access to clean water ; quality housing ; safe and efficient roads and bridges ; reliable and affordable energy ; and related projects that create jobs and opportunity . " Gennaro said the company was "  shocked and outraged " to learn of the young Libyan 's role in his country 's crisis . "  We were aware of the student 's family relationship , but we were not informed of any military connection whatsoever , " he said . It was the company 's understanding that Khamis was an MBA student from a university in Spain , he said . Since 2008 , AECOM has been involved in a multibillion-dollar initiative with Libya to modernize the country 's infrastructure . The company withdrew its expatriate employees and their families from Libya this month . The joint project to train Libyan engineers to build and maintain homes , roads and water systems is on hold , he said . Vice Adm. William Gortney of the Joint Staff on Monday described the brigade led by Khamis Gadhafi as "  one of the most active in terms of attacking innocent people . " Libya 's state TV on Monday night broadcast live footage from Gadhafi 's Tripoli compound of the former intern dressed in uniform and greeting people . The world events soon changed Chopra 's mind about visiting his former student in Libya . "  I believe he is killing people . I mean , it 's bizarre . The whole thing is bizarre . After attending a course on consciousness , he goes and leads troops . " He added , "  Why was he in my course ? I have no idea . " CNN 's Pam Benson and Brian Todd contributed to this story	"  After attending a course on consciousness , he goes and leads troops , " says Deepak Chopra "  Why was he in my course ? I have no idea . " Khamis Gadhafi was visiting U.S. military schools and weapons makers Youngest son runs elite special forces
CNN  -- Justine Henin continued her winning return to tennis with a straight sets win over Kazakhstan 's Sesil Karatantcheva at the WTA tournament in Brisbane on Wednesday . Henin , who put out second seed Nadia Petrova of Russia in her first round match , secured a 6-4 6-3 victory in one hour 17 minutes to reach the quarterfinals . The former world number one is returning to competitive tennis after an 18-month retirement and targeting the opening grand slam of 2010 at the Australian Open . She made a shaky start as she dropped her opening service game , but broke back and took total control with a second break against the determined qualifier in the eighth game . Henin also dropped service twice in the second set , but a run of five straight games set up victory , which she secured with a forehand winner . Her fellow Belgian and arch-rival Kim Clijsters reached the last eight of the top-tier tournament on Tuesday and could meet Henin in the final should both progress . Clijsters also made a comeback last summer after a two-year retirement and promptly won the U.S. Open , inspiring Henin to make a return . Clijsters will place Czech Lucie Safarova for a place in the semifinals after she beat sixth seed Aleksandra Wozniak of Canada 6-3 6-1 earlier on Wednesday . In the accompanying men 's tournament in Brisbane , top seed Andy Roddick cruised into the quarterfinals of the Brisbane International with a 7-6 6-3 win over Australian Carsten Ball . Roddick showed he is fully recovered from the injuries which ruined his end of season campaign in 2009 with a confident display . He now faces Richard Gasquet , who stepped up his comeback after a drugs row derailed his career , with a 6-3 6-4 win over Australian Matthew Ebden 6-3 6-4 .	Justine Henin continues comeback with straight sets win over Kazakhstan 's Sesil Karatantcheva Former world number one Henin into quarterfinals of WTA top-tier tournament in Brisbane Henin remains on course for final clash against Belgian rival Kim Clijsters Men 's top seed Andy Roddick also reaches quarterfinals where he will play returning Richard Gasquet
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican military has detained a suspected leader of a notorious drug-trafficking family in connection with the July slayings of two U.S. citizens . Benjamin LeBaron is buried in Galeana , Mexico , in July . Jose Rodolfo Escajeda , known as El Rikin , was taken into custody Friday in Nuevo Casa Grandes , in Chihuahua state , according to a military statement . Escajeda is an alleged ringleader of a drug-trafficking family that runs a 120-mile smuggling corridor on Mexico 's border with Texas , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration . He has been indicted by the U.S. government , DEA said . U.S. citizens Benjamin LeBaron and his brother-in-law , Luis Widmar , were beaten and shot to death after armed men stormed into their home in the town of Galeana , Mexico . Local media reported in July that a note found on LeBaron indicated the slayings were in retribution for the capture of 25 drug suspects in a nearby town . The LeBaron brothers belonged to the "  Community of LeBaron " in Galeana , a township founded by excommunicated Mormons . LeBaron 's younger brother , Eric , was kidnapped in May and returned unharmed a week later . The incident prompted Banjamin LeBaron to become a nationally recognized anti-crime activist who moved the local community to take a stand .	Man arrested is alleged ringleader of notorious Mexican drug-trafficking family Victims , Benjamin LeBaron and Luis Widmar , were killed at home in Mexico LeBaron had become anti-crime activist after his brother was kidnapped LeBaron brothers belonged to community of excommunicated Mormons in Mexico
CNN  -- It 's been more than a week since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 seemingly vanished into thin air . Clues are few and far between . Yet we remain glued to the story -- hungry , some almost desperate , for any tidbit of news . Why ? "  I think the most fascinating aspect of this story now is that it 's become ... transcendent . And by that , I mean , it 's no longer a story about an airplane crash ; it 's a mystery story , " Patrick Smith , an airline pilot , blogger and author , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " The story of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has dominated headlines and social media since it broke . By Sunday night , it was no longer trending on Twitter in the United States , but it remained among the top stories in Malaysia and India . Folks are using the hashtag #MH370 to connect . And people are doing more than just watching , or reading , the news . They 're getting involved . Thousands of aspiring good Samaritans volunteered their time to scour part of the plane 's search zone using detailed satellite images posted online by DigitalGlobe , a Colorado firm that owns one of the world 's most advanced commercial satellite networks . In fact , so many people joined the effort that the firm 's website -- with its pinpoint pictures of everything floating in the ocean -- crashed . One volunteer , Mike Seberger , 43 , found a fascinating image in a matter of minutes : the silhouette in the ocean has the scale of a Boeing 777-200 , the same model of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . His discovery can be seen on his CNN iReport page . It 's both the flight 's commonness and its rareness that might have us gripped . One the one hand , many people travel by plane who can relate easily to the experience of flying . Until the mystery is solved , who among us is n't going to jump the next time we 're on a plane and feel a bump of turbulence ? That 's what happened to Brian Stelter , host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " "  We tend to identify with these kinds of disasters , and so the fear of flying may go up for many people , " psychiatrist Gail Saltz said on that program . On the other hand , cases such as the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 are extremely rare . "  This is a very strange event , " said aviation historian Carroll Gray . "  It does n't lend itself to the normal sets of explanations . " Such mysteries are "  phenomenally gripping , " Gray said . "  Things that are unsolved just sort of grab people , especially when you have the common experience of flying . " Saltz agreed . "  They want someone to hold accountable . It 's a very disturbing thought , and right now we ca n't figure out who 's to blame , " she said . The psychiatrist summed up our fascination : "  I think this nebulousness keeps us riveted . " MAP IT : What happened to Flight 370 ? CNN 's Nick Valencia , Alan Duke , Michael Martinez and John Newsome contributed to this report .	It 's been more than a week since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished into thin air The story has dominated headlines and social media "  It 's no longer a story about an airplane crash ; it 's a mystery story , " says one pilot
CNN  -- One of the most perverse results of the IRS 's lame , overzealous -- and possibly criminal -- behavior in looking into the tax-exempt applications of assorted advocacy groups is this : They 're a lot safer from scrutiny today than they were yesterday . After this IRS mess , who in government is going to be in a rush to take on -- or try to regulate -- the groups they should actually be looking at as political operations , overt or covert ? Um , not many . Here 's the real deal : It 's an open secret in Washington that some of these groups , which spent huge amounts of money during presidential campaigns , are politically aligned . Whatever their "  labels , " as the IRS might call them , they have been tax-exempt because they claim to be dealing with issues rather than elections . That is , policy , not political candidates . But in the heat of a general election , when policy is politics , how can anyone tell the difference ? Priorities USA is a Democratic brand ; Karl Rove 's Crossroads GPS is n't likely to do anything other than help the GOP . To gain their tax-exempt status , they 're supposed to promote the "  social welfare . " What , exactly , does that mean ? It 's a complicated question that has become infinitely more complex in the wake of the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision , which allowed corporations to start donating directly to activist groups . Suddenly , the potential of getting some dibs on their considerable money grew larger . The groups designated as 501  c   4  became the perfect pots to hold the dough , and they swelled , literally and figuratively . And the IRS did n't do much about it . It might have been a better idea , rather than embarking on what seems like a potentially criminal political fishing expedition , to actually take a look at the huge amounts of money being spent out in the open during the last campaign . Why was n't the IRS "  scrutinizing the big fish , " asks Paul Ryan , the chief lawyer for the Campaign Legal Center , a watchdog group that has pushed  unsuccessfully  for the IRS to investigate these groups . "  The IRS needs to be focused on the big fish and not on the little Mom and Pop tea party groups , and certainly not based on their political ideology . " Ah , but that 's exactly what happened -- and , as a result , these groups that , according to some estimates , collectively spent over $ 250 million on candidates during the last election are still tax-exempt . Can it be that the IRS investigators were so silly , clueless and unaware of their appropriate role ? Alas , yes . But the legal eagles reading and interpreting the IRS laws are obviously a lot smarter . In its description of the 501  c   4  category , the IRS lays it out pretty plainly . "  Examples " of organizations under this statute that would be considered tax-exempt , it says , are "  civic associations and volunteer fire companies . " Hmmm . Not exactly political in any way , shape or form . What 's more , the IRS also makes it clear that , in order to qualify , the burden is to prove that "  your organization is organized exclusively  italics mine  to promote social welfare . " But according to Ryan , the gremlins  i.e. the lawyers  have managed to figure out a way to get around this . The new "  perceived line , " he explains , is that all these groups need to do is spend less than half of their money on politics . He calls it the "  tax lawyer community interpretation . " Huh ? Is that how we 're running the government ? So if these groups spend less than half of their money on politically related activism , the dough they collect from big corporations and donors can be used for campaign activities , all without disclosure of where the money came from . This has not escaped the notice of Congress , especially Democrats who have been outgunned by Republican-leaning groups . "  We urge you to protect legitimate section 501  c   4  entities by preventing non-conforming organizations that are focused on federal election activities from abusing the tax code , " seven Democratic U.S. senators wrote then-IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman last year . What makes sense is for the IRS to make sure that its laws are followed . Citizens can at least expect that their government might know the difference between quashing political dissent and legitimate inquiry . Fishing expeditions on political-sounding names is just stupid , if not venal . And now , the obvious -- and perverse -- consequence of the IRS bungling : It has just made the world safer for tax lawyers . Your taxpayer dollars at work . CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this article .	Gloria Borger : After IRS scandal , it 's open season for political nonprofits She says the agency was wrong to target conservative groups Still , the IRS is needed to keep political groups from posing as nonprofits , she says Borger : IRS focused on small fry , left big organizations free to spend on politics
CNN  -- It may have seemed like a good idea at the time but Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad 's bizarre celebration in the home straight of the men 's 3,000 m steeplechase at the European championships has cost him dear . Approaching the final barrier , the Frenchman had the race and gold medal in the bag , having enough time in hand to showboat by stripping off his running vest before putting it into his mouth and waving to the crowd . Fans in the Letzigrund Stadium in Zurich jeered as he crossed the finishing line clear of his teammate Yoann Kowal in eight minutes 25.30 seconds -- his third straight victory in the event at the championships after 2010 and 2012 . The 29-year-old had the presence of mind to put his top back after the finish , but the damage was done . He was initially shown a yellow card as a warning by an official , but an appeal by Spain on behalf of fourth placed athlete Angel Mullera led to his disqualification . His French team lodged a counter-protest but that was rejected , with Mekhissi-Benabbad disqualified under IAAF competition rules 143.1 , 143.7 . -- relating to clothing and numbers . Mullera was promoted to the bronze as result of the ruling . "  I find that the protest lodged by the Spaniards is anti fair-play , " Ghani Yalouzsa , the technical director of the French athletics federation , was quoted by AFP . But the double Olympic silver medalist is no stranger to controversy . After winning his 2012 Euro gold in Helsinki he was criticized for shoving a mascot who offered him a gift . The year before , Mekhissi-Benabbad was involved in a punch-up with French teammate Mehdi Baala at the 2011 Monaco Diamond League meeting , trading blows while they were still on the track and earning a five-month suspension from their federation .	French runner stripped of European gold in bizarre incident Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad took off vest in home straight 3,000 m steeplechase star disqualified for indiscretion He has previous history of controversial incidents
CNN  The manhunt for the suspected ringleader of a terror cell in Belgium has gone cold , a senior Belgian counterterrorism official told CNN . Abdelhamid Abaaoud , a Belgian-Moroccan ISIS fighter , is believed to have been the head of the terror cell that was in a deadly shootout with police during a January 15 raid in the Belgian town of Verviers . The gunbattle , days after the terror attacks in Paris , triggered an international manhunt . Three suspected members of the terror cell have been arrested , but the others , including Abaaoud , remain at large . ISIS has published what it claims is an interview with Abaaoud and says that he escaped to Syria , the counterterrorism official told CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . ISIS put out a photo of Abaaoud with two gunmen who were killed in last month 's raid . Belgian officials are aware of the claims that the suspected ringleader fled to Syria , the official said , but they can not confirm that is where he is . The official said it is believed that Abaaoud was never in Belgium , but coordinated the terror cell from Greece . One line of inquiry being looked at is whether Abaaoud tried to fake his own death last year while fighting with ISIS in Syria so that he could disappear off the radar screen of Western intelligence services . In October , his family in Brussels received word he had been "  martyred , " his sister told a Belgian newspaper . Belgian investigators believe Abaaoud , rather than dying on the front lines , traveled to Greece and suspect he was communicating by phone from there .	Suspected ringleader of a terror cell is now in Syria , ISIS claims Officials say the manhunt for Abdelhamid Abaaoud has gone cold
CNN  -- Behind every great woman -- is another great woman . Gabby Douglas ' success at last year 's London Olympics catapulted her to fame , fortune and glory . The first black woman of any nationality to win gold in the individual all-around gymnastics event , the teenager was hailed as the face of progress , an all-American star and the nation 's newest celebrity . But that is just the tip of a story which takes in divorce , financial peril , racism and a mother 's fight to give her daughter the opportunity she so badly craved . Fighter Natalie Hawkins may not be as limber and supple as her teenage daughter , but nobody can doubt her strength . "  My mom has influenced me so much , " Douglas told CNN 's "  An Uneven Playing Field " documentary . "  She 's taught me how to be a fighter and I love her so much . I do n't know if this journey could be possible without her by my side supporting me . " Douglas ' battle to become an Olympic champion began at the age of six when she began to copy the moves of her older sister , Arielle . Inspired by watching Dominique Dawes , the first African American gymnast to ever qualify and compete in an Olympic Games , Douglas set her heart on emulating her heroine . Along with her mother , Dawes provided another strong role model during a difficult childhood where Douglas ' parents divorced and money was scarce . "  I loved Dominique Dawes , " Douglas said of the 1996 Atlanta gold medalist . "  We did a couple of events together and she 's just a such a joy to be around . She inspired me to do bigger and better things . "  I find that funny now because I remember when I was younger and I looked up to my role models . But now the tables have turned and I 'm the role model . But I love it . "  I love girls , parents , whoever it may be , coming up to me and saying , ` You inspire my daughter . ' " Struggle The 17-year-old is aware that life will never be the same following her performances in London -- having overcome difficult circumstances , she is now a bankable star . One of four children at home , her gymnastics was at the heart of the family , with her mom supporting her financially at every opportunity . Even when Hawkins suffered a negative reaction to prescription medication and was forced to leave her job at a bank in 2009 , she managed to find a way to support her daughter . While Douglas ' father Timothy remained a stranger for much of her childhood , Hawkins was there when it mattered , especially once her daughter became a global superstar . But protecting Gabby -- nicknamed "  the Flying Squirrel " due to her acrobatics -- from wider attention was quite a different proposition . In a world where social media presents an instant opportunity for people to make a judgment , Douglas found out the hard way when Twitter went berserk with criticism of her hair style . It was an episode which infuriated Hawkins , who was left bewildered by the abuse at her daughter . What it did do , however , was add further backing to Douglas ' assertion that female gymnasts are at a far higher risk of criticism than their male counterparts every time they wander into the arena . Strength "  Us women have to do a lot more than the men , " said Douglas reflecting on the criticism . "  We 've got our hair and makeup to do . The men can just go out there but we have to get ready . "  When we 're looking spot-on nobody even notices . They just say , ` Oh , she looks good , ' but when you look horrible then everyone is like , ` Whoosh . ' "  You just handle it and be yourself . You do n't want to let people tear you down . You just kind of make a joke out of it , laugh at it . "  There 's always the next time , always another awards show red carpet that we can look fabulous at . You 've just got to learn from it and be yourself ; do n't focus on the negative comments . I want to just focus on the positive . " The gold medals soon silenced those trolling Douglas online , with her achievements transforming her from a potential star to a global superstar . But her journey to the very top was a long and often arduous route , taking Douglas away from the comforts of home and family . From the age of eight , she trained at Excalibur Gymnastics in Virginia Beach -- a club which had provided the U.S. national team with 10 members since 1995 . So intense was her schedule that she was forced to undergo home schooling while her mother worked nights to provide extra funds for the tuition . It was there that she began to blossom , winning national titles and competing on the international stage as she began to show glimpses of what was to come . But Douglas ' relationship with her coaches began to deteriorate following a wrist injury in 2009 . Mocked It was a tough time for the teenager , who in the past has spoken about how she was mercilessly mocked both for her appearance and her race by fellow teammates . The combination proved too much for both Douglas and Hawkins , who decided that the future lay away from Virginia and in Des Moines , Iowa . For the first time , Douglas would be away from the woman who had inspired her and fought for her opportunity to pursue her dream . It was a difficult time for the youngster , who moved in with a host family in Iowa -- the Partons . "  At first I was really excited , " Douglas recalled . "  I was ready to take on the journey but my mom and sister came with me for a week and when they left I was just miserable . "  I was so sad leaving my family . I had a time where I said that I needed to suck it up and put on my big girl pants . "  This was my decision . I knew I had to go to the gym and work very hard , because I think in the gym I was kind of giving up a little too . I decided to push myself . " Dreams And push she did -- both mentally and physically , Douglas began to reach the heights of which she had only dreamed years earlier . Working under the gaze of Chinese coach Liang Chow , the man who helped Shawn Johnson win gold at Beijing in 2008 , Douglas spent four to five hours in the gym every day . It was a grueling workload , with Douglas adapting to the Chinese method of coaching rather than the technique she picked up in her formative years in Virginia . "  It is a bit different , but I love Chow 's style , " she said . "  He corrected my technique and the quality of my gymnastics , and him and his wife Li have shaped me up into this amazing gymnast in a year and a half . " Champion The hard work has certainly paid off . Gold on the uneven bars at the 2010 Pan American Championships catapulted Douglas into the limelight before she took silver in the beam at the U.S. Junior nationals . She was part of the U.S. team which won gold at the 2011 World Championships before a stellar 2012 placed her at the forefront of the national consciousness . Four gold medals , one silver and one bronze all arrived within 12 months before Douglas produced a magnificent exhibition at the U.S. Team Trials to win the all-around competition . Alongside Jordyn Wieber , Aly Raisman , McKayla Maroney and Kyla Ross , Douglas helped the U.S. women 's team win gold in London -- the first time the nation had triumphed in female gymnastics since that team including Dawes in 1996 . The team , dubbed the "  Fierce Five , " brought a zest and flair to the Games which captured the imagination of gymnastics fans not just in London but across the world . "  We had this girl power , " Douglas recalls . "  We just said , ` Let 's be sassy , ' and we bonded really well , meshed together and it was amazing . "  I think people should definitely be paying attention to women 's sport because we can do a lot of things . "  We 're very powerful , strong minded and whenever we want something , we go out there and fight . I definitely think people should pay more attention . " Celebrity Douglas has had no shortage of attention following those triumphs . Now she is one of the most instantly recognizable figures in U.S. sport , hosting awards nights , speaking at events for kids and modeling on the catwalk . Sponsors have quickly realized the value of Douglas ' success -- Kelloggs , Nintendo and Procter & Gamble are among the firms to have signed deals with her . "  It 's very fun , " said Douglas about her new-found lifestyle in front of the camera . "  I love doing photo shoots and commercials , it 's really fun . They like to keep it exciting with a lot of energy . I have a blast doing all this stuff . "  But with the whole fame thing , I just try to take it one step at a time . It can be difficult to handle everything at once with celebrity , the gym and school . "  So when I 'm at school I think about school , when I 'm at the gym I think about the gym and when I 'm outside and traveling I think about that . I do n't like to cram myself with everything . " Role model Young she might be , but Douglas is wise beyond her years . Aware of her influence on her peers and younger following , she is as keen as ever to inspire those who seek to replicate her success . Whether it be by hosting kids ' awards , motivational speaking or just taking time to sign autographs , this is one woman who is desperate to make a difference . "  I have this platform and I love using it , " she added . "  Some girls or moms come up to me and say , ` You inspire my daughter , ' or ` Gabby , you 've inspired me to do great things . ' "  I just want to help them believe in themselves and I want them to know that anything is possible if you set your mind to it . "	Gabby Douglas was a double Olympic gold medalist at London 2012 Hails her mother and former Olympian Dominique Dawes as inspiration The 17-year-old says she has grown to cope with celebrity lifestyle American wants to use her profile to inspire the next generation of stars
CNN  -- In 2008 , President Obama campaigned on a message of "  Hope and Change . " Thursday , speaking in Ohio , the president announced his re-election campaign message of "  Divide and Blame . " The president had to give another economic speech , nearly an hour long , because he has not given us economic results . America does not need excuses ; we need leadership . The president 's speech was a speech of excuses , basically blaming President Bush and tax cuts for all that ails the American economy . The president announced his intention to run against George Bush , but he is a little late -- he missed that election by eight years . By the way , even that is not a campaign he can win ; I recommend that he should try to run against Nixon instead . President Obama can not ask Americans if they are better off than they were four years ago , and so is trying to blame others for his record . Over half a million fewer Americans have jobs today than when he took office . After his advisers projected that his $ 800 billion stimulus bill would keep unemployment below 8 % , it has remained above that benchmark for a record 40 months and counting . Median family net worth has hit a two-decade low , median household income has declined , more than 30 % of borrowers are underwater on their mortgage , 23 million Americans remain unemployed or underemployed , and half of college graduates this year come out of school unemployed or underemployed . Being president is a hard job . One of the hardest parts is that you ca n't just make excuses . Harry Truman understood this . It 's just not allowed from the president of the United States . Excuses make the president look small and weak . It is frankly a little embarrassing . Read Donna Brazile 's view : Romney would let middle class pay tab for the rich The president himself promised , after being elected , that if he did n't get the economy fixed in three years , then his presidency was "  going to be a one-term proposition . " President Clinton , speaking in 2010 at the same spot where the president spoke Thursday , said "  Give us two more years . If it does n't work , vote us out . " Good advice . That was then . Now , the president is basically saying that he is a victim of circumstances , and we are all victims . Thursday 's speech was also a speech of class warfare . The other campaign President Obama announced is a class warfare campaign of division . He plans to divide America along class lines , gender lines , party lines , age lines and any other lines he can find . He will run a campaign of rich against poor , men against women , Democrats against Republicans , young against old and liberals against conservatives . But America is fundamentally a young country at heart , and we know our best days are always ahead . We are an aspirational people who want our children to inherit more opportunity than we inherited from our parents . We know that our circumstances of birth , race , gender and zip code do not determine our outcomes as adults . We know we are promised equality of opportunity , not equality of outcomes . We are not an envious people who vilify success . We believe in an America where any child can succeed and pursue the American dream through hard work and a great education . We are not looking for a president who wants to make us more like Europe , manage the slow decline of a great nation , and redistribute the wealth . The president is completely correct when he says this election is a crucial choice between two paths . We must choose between the government path and the private sector Path . We must choose between the European path and the American path . The president promised to cut the deficit in half by the end of his first term , and instead has amassed trillion dollar deficits every year he has been in office . At 24 % of GDP , federal government spending now exceeds post-World War II norms , as the federal government grows in size and involvement in our daily lives . President Obama has gotten the federal government involved in bailouts , crony capitalism and running car companies , banks and health care ; one can only imagine what would happen in a second term . Yet , amazingly , President Obama on Thursday doubled down on his failed policy of borrowing money from China to grow government spending , instead of growing the private sector . His entire philosophy can be encapsulated in one little line toward the end of his speech . He suggested we should put money into infrastructure and "  do some nation building here at home . " While this may be a cute turn of phrase , and certainly polls well , it is all you need to know about the outlook of this president . He believes that this nation was built by the government , and that more government spending is the key to our future . This is a speech that should have been delivered in France . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bobby Jindal .	Bobby Jindal : President Obama failed to deliver what he promised on the economy He says the president is signalling that his campaign will be one of "  divide and blame " Obama makes excuses for failing on economy , promotes class warfare , Jindal says Jindal : Choice is between trying to rebuild economy through government or the private sector
CNN  -- You know the voice of Morgan Freeman : commanding , firm , resonant . He 's even played God . What if it 's on helium ? Call it "  undignified . " Freeman did . On Thursday 's "  Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon , " the Oscar-winning actor reluctantly agreed to conduct an interview with host Fallon after inhaling from a helium-filled balloon . It was a recreation of a bit from his Emmy-nominated Science Channel show , "  Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman . " "  I really should n't be doing this , " said Freeman squeakily , glaring at Fallon as the two took hits from the balloons . "  It 's very undignified . " As Fallon fell about laughing , he asked if Freeman would return . "  I 'm never coming back , " replied the actor , after inhaling again . Perhaps Fallon can persuade James Earl Jones to substitute . Freeman appears in the thriller "  Lucy , " starring Scarlett Johansson , which opens Friday . Review : ` Lucy ' has no boundaries Chris Christie , Jimmy Fallon dance around testy issues	Morgan Freeman goes high-pitched on Fallon 's show Host asked actor if he 'd inhale helium Freeman gamely went along with idea
CNN  -- A Southern California man who attracted widespread attention for allegedly throwing his 7-year-old son overboard during a harbor cruise was charged Wednesday with felony child abuse and endangerment as well as misdemeanor resisting an officer , the Orange County District Attorney 's office said . Sloan Steven Briles , 35 , of Irvine , California , is also accused of being under the influence of alcohol on August 28 when he tossed his son into the path of boat traffic in Newport Beach Harbor , said Susan Kang Schroeder , chief of staff for the prosecutor 's office . Briles , who is free on $ 100,000 bail , is scheduled to be arraigned September 26 in Newport Beach , the prosecutor 's office said . If convicted of both charges , he faces a maximum sentence of six years in prison , authorities said . Briles recently told a Los Angeles TV news station that he did nothing wrong . Briles told CNN affiliate KTLA , "  We were having fun , it was a harbor cruise ! " He said he did not hit his son and he "  did nothing except jump in the water with my kid . " Asked if he would have done the same thing had he not been drinking , Briles responded , "  Absolutely . " Briles also disputed the sheriff 's and witnesses ' account of the event and said it was just a joke . "  We jumped in together , " Briles told the affiliate . "  We thought it would be funny . We were just screwing around . " Briles , who 's divorced , was on the tour boat Queen with his two sons -- the other is age 6 -- when he got into an argument with his girlfriend , the sheriff 's office said . The boat takes passengers past Newport Beach houses that are or were occupied by celebrities , including the home where the late John Wayne lived , authorities said . His 7-year-old son became upset about the argument and started crying , authorities said . Briles allegedly poked his 7-year-old son in the chest and repeatedly slapped him in the face , making him cry , prosecutors said in a statement Wednesday . The boy asked his father to stop , prosecutors said . The father took the boy to the bow of the boat and told him , " ` If you do n't stop crying , I 'm going to throw you overboard , ' " a sheriff 's department spokesman said . The dad then picked up his son and threw him about 10 feet over the side of the tour boat , prosecutors said . The first mate stalled the vessel and steered it to shield the boy from being struck by another boat , and the captain threw a life ring to the crying boy as he treaded water , prosecutors said . The father then jumped into the water "  to avoid the angry passengers on the Queen who began to yell at him , " according to the statement released by Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas . Prosecutors allege the father made "  no attempt to swim to his son 's aid . " Another passing boat helped the boy out of the water , but the Queen 's crew asked that boat "  not to help Briles , who was eventually pulled back onto the Queen , " the prosecutor 's media announcement said . When sheriff 's deputies who patrol the harbor approached Briles on the boat , he allegedly ignored their orders to stand , struggled with them and made his body go limp , prosecutors said . Deputies had to drag him from the tour boat to the sheriff 's harbor patrol boat , prosecutors said . There were 85 people on the tour boat , authorities said . Deputies took the two boys to their harbor station and later turned them over to their mother , a sheriff 's spokesman said . CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	Sloan Steven Briles , 35 , of Irvine , California , is charged with felony child abuse Boy , 7 , ended up in the water , in the path of oncoming boats Father allegedly was under the influence of alcohol at the time Briles has said he 's doing nothing wrong and "  we were having fun "
Virginia State Sen. Creigh Deeds , who was stabbed multiple times by his son , said he will work to change how mental health services are delivered so that "  other families do n't have to go through what we are living . " Deeds ' son , Austin "  Gus " Deeds , committed suicide after the fight . "  I hope we can make a positive change as a result of this tragedy , " Deeds told The Recorder , a newspaper based in Monterey , Virginia . "  I think there may be a bigger problem here . I am alive for a reason , and I will work for change . I owe that to my precious son , " he said . The stabbing came one day after Deeds ' son was taken to a hospital under an emergency custody order . Police confirmed that Gus Deeds , 24 , was brought in by the local sheriff for evaluation by mental health professionals . The young man was released after the evaluation because no open psychiatric bed could be located across a wide area of western Virginia , Dennis Cropper , executive director of the Rockbridge Area Community Services Board , told the Richmond Times-Dispatch . Cropper declined to comment on the specifics of the case but said not finding a bed was unusual for his agency . Deputies called to Deeds ' home day before fatal fight CNN later learned that at least three Virginia hospitals had psychiatric beds available the day before the stabbing and suicide . Officials at Western State , Rockingham Memorial and UVA Charlottesville hospitals said beds were available , but they had not been contacted by medical personnel who evaluated the younger Deeds . The hospitals are within an hour or two from Bath County , where the incident occurred , but it was unclear whether those who had the initial contact with Gus Deeds reached out only to hospitals closer to Bath County . "  I cry a lot . I ca n't focus now and talk to anyone , " Deeds told The Recorder . "  I have very strong opinions about the CSB and feel like they are responsible . My life 's work now is to make sure other families do n't have to go through what we are living . " CNN reached out to the Rockbridge Area Community Services Board for comment but did not receive an immediate reply . Deeds , 55 , is well-known in Virginia political circles . A Democrat , he ran unsuccessfully for attorney general in 2005 and for governor in 2009 , both times against Republican Bob McDonnell , who is now Virginia 's governor . He was released from the hospital on Friday , three days after he was stabbed more than 10 times in the head and neck . Opinion : How to make mental health care work	Sen. Creigh Deeds was stabbed more than 10 times during a fight with his son The younger man then committed suicide Deeds tells newspaper he blames a local mental health agency for what happened
