Los Angeles  CNN  -- The doctor convicted in pop star Michael Jackson 's death is suffering possibly life-threatening and permanent injuries after almost a year in a small jail cell , his lawyers are warning . Dr. Conrad Murray is housed in a high-security section of the Los Angeles County jail because of his notoriety , which isolates him from the general population for his protection but means he has "  extremely limited access to exercise . " "  Death or injury at the hands of another prisoner , however , is no worse than a slow death caused by a loss of circulation and atrophy resulting from inhumane confinement of a large man in a tiny space , " lawyers Valerie Wass and Michael Flanagan wrote in a letter addressed to Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca Wednesday . Conrad Murray invites Katherine Jackson to visit him in jail Murray -- jailed since November 7 , 2011 , when he was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death -- is 6 feet 5 inches tall , but confined in a 5-foot-by-7-foot cell , the letter said . "  If one were to keep a dog in a space just a few inches larger than the dog 's length , for any extended period of time , contentions of animal cruelty possibly leading to prosecution would likely result , " it said . The sheriff 's office did not immediately return repeated calls from CNN for comment . Wass , who is overseeing the appeal of Murray 's involuntary manslaughter conviction , told CNN Thursday his jail conditions "  are the equivalent of a large individual flying coach in a middle seat for a period of a year . " Murray was taken to a hospital Sunday night for treatment of what his lawyer described as "  marked venous stasis of his lower extremities " and "  right shoulder pain and severe loss of motion . " Flanagan 's letter suggested the sheriff has "  alternatives available to protect society and punish offenders that would not likely result in causing permanent injury or death to an inmate . " California law allows Baca , at his discretion , to release Murray under monitored home confinement . Otherwise , he is supposed to remain in jail for another year . Murray was found guilty of causing Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , by administering a deadly overdose of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol in what he told police was an attempt to cure the singer 's insomnia . The doctor was sentenced to the maximum four years in prison , but he is eligible for parole after serving half of his sentence . A California law intended to relieve overcrowding in state prisons resulted in Murray being kept in the county jail . Source of leaked Michael Jackson e-mails identified His cell there is so small that Murray has "  no opportunity for physical movement throughout the day , " his lawyers wrote . "  The only actual exercise that Dr. Murray received occurs on most Monday evenings when he is transferred in chains to an 8-by-8 cage on the roof of the facility . " Murray , in a phone call to a friend Monday that was published Wednesday by the celebrity news website TMZ , complained that he feared his illness would be permanent . "  I may never be able to wear a boot again , " he said . "  The venous stasis gives rise to a high risk for deep vein thrombosis and/or migrating pulmonary embolism , " his lawyer wrote to the sheriff . "  This condition may have developed to a chronic state which has become permanent and uncorrectable necessitating a lifetime of medication and treatment . " Murray 's physical appearance has changed dramatically since he was taken into custody , his lawyer wrote . "  A review of earlier booking photos and bio-statistics of Dr. Murray , when compared to his current condition and appearance , would be shocking to persons not previously familiar with him , " they wrote . "  To those who have known him for the last year or longer , the suffering that has obviously taken its toll on his health is unimaginable . " DA drops effort to get $ 100 million restitution from Conrad Murray Keeping a human in such conditions "  would at the very least give rise to civil liability for negligent confinement resulting in a debilitating medical condition , " the letter said . "  Please consider this letter as notice of the life-threatening condition in which Dr. Murray currently exists , " they told the sheriff . "  Correction of this intolerable situation is of extreme importance . " Conrad Murray : ' I feel like a POW '	Keeping a dog in such a tight space would be animal cruelty , Murray 's lawyer says Murray suffers "  marked venous stasis of his lower extremities , " his lawyer says "  Please consider this letter as notice of the life-threatening condition , " he tells sheriff Murray has another year left to serve in jail , unless released under home confinement
Washington  CNN  -- Narrow passage of a sweeping health care bill by the House of Representatives portends a continuing difficult fight for President Obama and fellow Democrats to get a bill through the Senate and into law . The House voted 220-215 late Saturday , with 39 Democrats opposed and one Republican in favor , to approve what would be the biggest expansion of health care coverage since Medicare was created more than 40 years ago . The Affordable Health Care for America Act , or H.R. 3962 , restricts insurance companies from denying coverage to anyone with a pre-existing condition or charging higher premiums based on gender or medical history . It also provides federal subsidies to those who can not afford it . And it guarantees coverage for 96 percent of Americans , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . But turning the bill into law remains uncertain . The Senate must now pass its own version of a health care bill , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada last week signaled uncertainty over whether that will happen this year . Once both chambers have passed a bill , a congressional conference committee will merge the two proposals into a consensus version that would require final approval from each chamber and Obama 's signature . On Sunday , Obama praised the "  historic " House vote to pass the bill and called on the Senate to "  take the baton " and complete its work . "  For years , we 've been told that this could n't be done , " Obama said , citing the decades of failed health care reform efforts . "  Last night , the House proved differently . " The president called the support by many House members "  courageous " in the face of "  the heated and often misleading rhetoric around this legislation . " "  Now it falls on the United States Senate to take the baton and bring this effort to the finish line on behalf of the American people , " Obama said . "  And I 'm absolutely confident that they will . " However , Republicans and an independent senator who sits with the Democratic caucus signaled Sunday that difficulties remain for Obama on his top domestic priority . Sen. Joseph Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut , reiterated that he would join a Republican filibuster against a health care bill if it contains a government-run public health insurance option after the chamber 's amendment process . Speaking on "  Fox News Sunday , " Lieberman called the controversial public option , which is in the House bill and the Senate version being prepared by Reid , an unnecessary provision intended to bring government-run health insurance in the future . "  If the public option is in there , as a matter of conscience , I will not allow the bill to come to a final vote , " Lieberman said . He previously has said he wo n't oppose opening Senate debate on the bill despite the public option provision , and he maintained that stance Sunday . Lieberman 's stance is crucial because the Democratic caucus has the minimum 60 votes to overcome a Republican filibuster . Senate Republicans unanimously oppose the public option , though Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine has floated the possible compromise idea of a trigger mechanism that would mandate a public option in the future if thresholds for expanded coverage and lower costs go unmet . The lone House Republican who supported the bill , Rep. Anh "  Joseph " Cao , told CNN on Sunday he put the needs of his district over the desire of his party . Cao 's "  yes " vote ended up being unnecessary for House Democrats , but it gave House Speaker Nancy Pelosi license to tout bipartisan support for the controversial measure . "  I felt last night 's decision was the proper decision for my district , even though it was not the popular decision for my party , " said Cao , a first-term representative from Louisiana 's traditionally Democratic 2nd District . "  A lot of my constituents are uninsured , a lot of them are poor . It was the right decision for the people of my district . " Cao acknowledged he extracted some White House pledges to help his district deal with the continuing effects of Hurricane Katrina in exchange for his vote . Asked about the reaction of fellow Republicans , Cao said the party 's leaders "  respect my decision , and I respect theirs . " Also Sunday , Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana , the chamber 's third-ranking Republican , said on the Fox program that Democrats were ignoring the wishes of the American public by pushing through the huge health care bill . Pence said the health care bill would raise costs , increase the deficit and lead to a government takeover of the health care system . "  I think the American people are deeply frustrated with the liberal establishment in Washington , " Pence said . "  If Democrats keep ignoring the American people , their party 's going to be history . " Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland responded on the same show that the Congressional Budget Office reported that the House bill would reduce the deficit . Van Hollen chided Republicans for failing to confront rising health care costs harming the U.S. economy during the years they controlled the White House and Congress . "  We 've had a great system for insurance companies , " Van Hollen said , citing large industry profits as Americans face what he called unfair practices such as having coverage denied for pre-existing conditions . "  This is a message to the American people ; we 're trying to bring down your costs to help more Americans afford health insurance . " The House vote less than an hour before midnight Saturday was full of drama . With eight seconds left in the voting period , Democrats began counting down and erupted in roars when Pelosi declared , "  The bill is passed " and banged the gavel . Republican lawmakers stood silently across the floor , some with their arms folded across their chests . "  Well , it was about what I thought it would be , " said House Republican Leader John Boehner of Ohio as he quickly exited . Later , he issued a statement saying the $ 1.2 trillion legislation would add to the country 's "  skyrocketing " debt . "  I came here to renew the American Dream , so my kids and their kids have the same opportunities I had , " Boehner said . "  I came here to fight big-government monstrosities like this bill that dim the light of freedom and diminish opportunity for future generations . " Michael Steele , the chairman of the Republican National Committee , released an equally tersely worded statement . "  Nancy Pelosi and her liberal lieutenants made a lot of promises today to get the votes they desperately needed , " he said . "  Make no mistake -- the Democrat leadership 's assurances were based on political expediency , not principle . Anyone receiving a promise from Pelosi is guaranteed to be disappointed in the end when their votes are no longer needed . " Earlier in the day , Obama met behind closed doors with Democrats to shore up support for the bill , calling it a chance of a generation . In the run-up to the vote , Republicans and conservative Democrats joined forces to pass an amendment to the bill to prohibit federal funds for abortion services . It was considered a big win for them and for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , which used its power -- especially with conservative Democrats in swing congressional districts -- to help force Democratic leaders to permit a vote on the amendment . The prohibition , introduced by Democratic members -- including Rep. Brad Ellsworth of Indiana and Rep. Bart Stupak of Michigan -- would exclude cases of rape , incest or if the mother 's life is in danger . The GOP accounted for 174 of the votes in favor of the amendment , with one Republican voting "  present . " On the Democrats ' side , 64 voted for the measure , and 194 voted against . CNN 's Shirley Hung , Brianna Keilar , Deirdre Walsh , Lisa Desjardins and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	House voted 220-215 late Saturday to approve Affordable Health Care for America Act 39 Democrats opposed act , one Republican voted for it Measure now moves to Senate , where support is less certain If both chambers pass a bill , committee will merge the two proposals
Mexico City  CNN  -- Seven bodies that had been dismembered and burned were found in the western Mexican state of Michoacan on Saturday , authorities said . According to the state prosecutor 's office , the grisly discovery was made along a highway during an early morning army patrol . Seventeen bodies were found in the same area earlier this week . Photos : Violence in Mexico Various drug cartels -- including the Knights Templar , La Familia Michoacana , the Zetas and the Jalisco New Generation -- operate in the region and are battling for control . Michoacan is Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's home state . Shortly after taking office in December 2006 , he announced plans to deploy federal troops to help the government 's fight against organized crime . Since then , more than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico . According to Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission , more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time period , and the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified . Mexico says Gulf Cartel boss arrested Officials : Inmates walked out front door during mass prison escape in Mexico 26 killed in blaze at Mexican gas facility near border CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	The bodies were dismembered and burned They were discovered along a highway in Michoacan Various drug cartels operate in the area
London  CNN  -- China is experiencing a "  meteoric rise " in the publication of scientific papers in the past two decades , and while the United States remains on top , its dominance is slipping , a new study found this week . Fewer than one out of 20 of the world 's scientific articles came out of China in the decade up to 2003 , the study shows . But the number rose to more than one out of 10 in the period from 2004 to 2008 . That pushed it up from sixth place to second , Britain 's Royal Society found . The United States was in first place in both time periods , but its share of publications dropped from more than one in four to about one in five . The United Kingdom held steady in third place , but its share dropped from 7.1 % to 6.5 % , according to the study , "  Knowledge , Networks and Nations : Global scientific collaboration in the 21st century . " China 's influence and prestige in science may not be rising as fast as its output , the paper suggested . The Royal Society measured how often each country 's papers were cited by other researchers , a "  means of evaluating the quality of publications , " and found the United States first and the UK second . China is rising , "  although the rise does not mirror the rapidity of growth seen in the nation 's investment or publication output . " Other nations are also newly making a mark in science , including Iran , Tunisia and Turkey , the paper found . And it also discovered a rise in international collaboration on research papers . Only a quarter of articles had authors from more than one country 15 years ago , while today it 's more than one in three . The full report is available on the website of the Royal Society , Britain 's national scientific academy .	China moves from sixth place to second in the publication of science articles The United States remains on top , but its dominance is slipping China 's influence is n't growing as fast as its output The findings come from the Royal Society in Britain
CNN  -- So it looks like President Obama got the message . In his second debate with Mitt Romney , the president delivered a comeback performance that will stand as a model for future debaters of how to right a listing ship . Obama was as good in Hempstead as he was bad in Denver . In fact , this may have been the finest debate of his career and just at the moment when he needed it most . CNN Poll : Nearly half say Obama won showdown Navigating the tricky shoals of the town hall format , the president laid out a persuasive case for re-election , point by point , drawing sharp contrasts with his opponent while avoiding rudeness . Obama 's arguments were not always as succinctly stated as they needed to be , and he too often strayed far from the topic at hand . But by the end of the debate , he had checked off pretty much every item on his list of "  Things I Should Have Done in Denver . " It was Obama the community organizer who showed up , a man with a message to sell and an audience to sell it to . His interaction with the participants was confident , engaged and energetic , all the qualities he had failed to muster in Round 1 . He appeared to draw strength from the 82 citizens on the stage , strength that grew as the evening progressed . At times Romney seemed taken aback by this fresh incarnation of the debater he had bested two weeks ago . Both substantively and stylistically , Romney operated in Obama 's shadow in this match , second banana to the president 's leading man . Clearly this was not the role Romney intended to play . Romney 's defining moments were too frequently negative . His attempts to directly confront the president carried plenty of dramatic charge , but they did n't quite play out the way they must have in rehearsal . These maneuvers left an impression more of petulance than leadership . ` Binders full of women ' raises brows The thing that really gets Romney exercised in these debates is when he thinks he 's not getting his due , which means he wastes far too much time demanding another minute or the final say or a chance to go back to something from a previous answer . Romney may believe this assertiveness makes him look strong and in command . More likely it reinforces a negative perception that the candidate needs to dispel : that of a plutocrat grabbing every last crumb he thinks he deserves . The town hall debate was a particularly inappropriate setting for Romney to display this side of himself . Romney 's chief problem was that he did not connect to the audience as effectively as Obama did . This became apparent every time Romney began a response with "  I appreciate that " or "  that 's an important question , " words that signaled his discomfort with many of the topics the voters wanted to discuss , like equal pay for women , banning assault weapons or immigration . Obama 's big moments were more positive , especially , and unexpectedly , on the topic of Libya . Staring daggers at his opponent , the president said it was "  offensive " for Romney to suggest that the White House had sought political gain from the murder of an American ambassador and three others . When moderator Candy Crowley backed up Obama 's version of events over Romney 's , the president got off one of the few funny lines of the night : "  Could you say that a little louder ? " Opinion : Obama bounces back , dominates debate Obama also delivered a clever rejoinder in a back-and-forth about the candidates ' personal finances . After the president brought up his rival 's overseas investments , Romney cited Obama 's own holdings : "  Have you looked at your pension ? " "  It 's not as big as yours , " came the answer , "  so I do n't look at it that often . " Advantage , Obama . One of Romney 's lowest points came when a woman in the audience asked him to differentiate between himself and former President George W. Bush . The governor 's response might have been written by the staff of "  Saturday Night Live : " "  President Bush and I are different people and these are different times , " he said . "  That 's why my five-point plan is so different from what he would have done . " Not exactly a sound bite for the ages . Before this debate , I wondered whether Obama would acknowledge the elephant in the room : his shoddy performance in Round 1 . Would he make a joke about it , or tell a cute story about what Michelle had said that night ? Turns out he did n't need to . Obama 's performance spoke for itself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Schroeder .	Alan Schroeder : President Obama delivered a comeback performance in second debate Schroeder : Obama connected with the audience , Romney less so He says Romney 's defining moments were too frequently negative Schroeder : Substantively and stylistically , Romney operated in Obama 's shadow
CNN  -- A man known for impersonating a Rockefeller was sentenced Thursday to 27 years to life in the death of his Southern California landlady 's son , who disappeared in 1985 . A jury in April convicted German-born Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter of first-degree murder in the killing of John Sohus , 27 . Sohus ' dismembered remains were found in 1994 by workers installing a pool at a home his mother once owned in San Marino . At the time of Sohus ' disappearance , Gerhartsreiter had been renting a guesthouse from Sohus ' mother , authorities said . The bespectacled and handcuffed Gerhartsreiter , clad in a blue jail jumpsuit , on Thursday filed a lengthy motion for a new trial . "  I would like to once again to reassert my innocence , that I would like to definitively state that I did not commit the crime of which I stand convicted , " he said . When Los Angeles Superior Court Judge George G. Lomeli said evidence and testimony provided no basis for a new trial , the convicted man than withdrew the motion because he could not read it aloud in court . He still can file an appeal of his conviction and sentence . The jury found that Gerhartsreiter used a sharp instrument and blunt object to commit the crime . The whereabouts of the dead man 's wife , Linda Sohus , are unknown . At his sentencing , Gerhartsreiter said she was responsible for the killing . Before the sentence was imposed , John Sohus ' sister , Ellen , told the court there was no closure for the family . "  Why did you kill my brother ? " she said to Gerhartsreiter . "  What happened to Linda ? I believe Linda is dead , and I believe you are responsible for her death . " Sohus ' father , who died in 2002 , said there should be no memorial service until the killer was brought to justice . "  This destroyed him , " said Ellen Sohus . "  He told me that he thought of John everyday . He would periodically call me deep in his grief and say , ` Why John ? ' " Gerhartsreiter , 52 , had led a life of multiple identities , at one point assuming the identity of "  Clark Rockefeller , " a cultured poseur who never seemed to have a job . A Boston tabloid dubbed him "  Crockefeller . " A 2010 made-for-TV movie , "  Who Is Clark Rockefeller ? " starring Eric McCormack as Gerhartsreiter , aired on the Lifetime network . He was serving a prison sentence in Massachusetts for kidnapping his daughter , then 7 , from his ex-wife in 2008 when he was transferred to California for the murder trial . Gerhartsreiter came to the United States from Germany in 1978 , according to testimony at his trial for kidnapping . After spending a few years in Connecticut , he moved to Wisconsin , where he married in a green card arrangement using his true name . Gerhartsreiter then relocated to California . He settled in San Marino , a wealthy community near Pasadena , where he lived under the name Christopher Chichester from 1983 to 1985 . He posed as a film student and boasted that he was of English royalty , according to Vanity Fair magazine , which profiled him in January 2009 and quoted several people who knew "  Chichester " at the time . As Chichester , he rented a guest house from Ruth "  Didi " Sohus . John and Linda came to live with Didi Sohus during the time Gerhartsreiter lived in the guest quarters . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter is sentenced in death of landlady 's son Victim John Sohus disappeared in 1985 ; remains found 9 years later Gerhartsreiter went by the name Clark Rockefeller He maintains he is innocent
Travel + Leisure  -- Another New Year 's Eve party ? A Chinese New Year parade in Manhattan 's Chinatown is scheduled for February 1 . If you 're still recovering from December 31 , there 's no need to worry about having to do it all over again . The Chinese New Year celebration for the Year of the Ox -- which begins on January 26 , 2009  year 4707 on the Chinese calendar  -- is more laid-back than the usual Dick Clark spectacle . Of course , there are parades . No matter where the celebration , there will be a decorated dragon winding its way through crowds , streaming a trail of men behind it . You can also count on seeing a lion that "  eats " lettuce and oranges from local merchants , who give the lion red envelopes filled with money  in hopes of a prosperous year  . But mostly , Chinese New Year is a time to enjoy food with family and friends . Dumplings and pineapples are served for their likeness to certain Chinese currency , as are spring rolls that resemble gold bars . Whole fish and chickens represent abundance , and a sticky rice pudding cake is said to help people prosper . Travel + Leisure : Your 2009 travel horoscope "  I equate it to Thanksgiving , " says Stephen Chen , President of Massachusetts-based Joyce Chen Foods  and the son of Joyce Chen , the first Asian chef to have a cooking show in the U.S.  . Stephen recalls that his household was encouraged to stay up all night gambling into New Year 's Day . His mother explained that the longer you stay up , the longer your life will be . So if New York is the city that never sleeps , its residents should have very long lives . One of them , Taipei-born Hsin Lin Lee , is celebrating her first Chinese New Year in the Big Apple , and she 's excited . An assistant TV producer , Lee explains that President-elect Obama was born in the year of the Ox -- fitting , as the pronunciation of the Chinese character for ox sounds like the Chinese word for change . To join in the festivities , Lee has three Chinatowns to choose from : Flushing , Queens ; Sunset Park , Brooklyn ; and Manhattan  America 's largest Chinatown  . But Lee points out that American Chinatowns blend together people from many regions and countries , so traditions have been mixed together . "  It 's less like Chinatown , and more like Asiantown , " she says . "  But it 's a good thing to see different cultures living together . " Here 's where to celebrate that cultural melding : New York : January 26 , February 1 . More than 400,000 fireworks will rain down over Manhattan 's Roosevelt Park on January 26 , while a parade is slated for February 1 . On that day , some 500,000 spectators will watch martial arts performances , traditional dancers from Mexico and Bolivia and live bands playing from decorated floats -- all while a continual burst of confetti poppers fills the streets with brightly colored paper . The January 31 parade in Flushing , Queens , brings together all of that borough 's East Asian groups , and Brooklyn 's 8th Avenue Chinatown hosts the most homegrown parade in New York , with the whole neighborhood taking to the streets in celebration . Honolulu : January 23-24 . A 150-foot dragon snakes its way through the "  Night in Chinatown " parade , which features festival queens , dancing lions , and kung fu artists . The days prior host a bevy of events , including an all-day block party with holiday favorites like jai  vegetarian monk 's food  , gin doi  Chinese doughnut  , and gau  New Year pudding  . Singapore : January 30-31 . Singapore hosts one of the world 's largest , most elaborate , and most colorful Chinese New Year festivities : the annual Chingay Parade Singapore . The streets along Marina Bay are festooned with red lanterns , and nightly dance , song , and martial arts performances lead up to the New Year countdown . With 3,800 performers painted and preened with gold headdresses and silk costumes , mechanical dragon floats , a puppet parade , and an LED display , this celebration is a modern interpretation of ancient Chinese traditions . Hong Kong : January 26 -- 28 . The theme of Hong Kong 's New Year parade , sponsored by Cathay Pacific , is the "  world 's happiest party . " New Year 's Day here takes on an international , carnival-like atmosphere , bringing together the Washington Redskins cheerleaders , a brass band from Russia , and stilt-wearing ballerinas from Spain . A fireworks show will launch over Victoria Harbour , and horseracing fans will head en masse to the Sha Tin racecourse for the popular first day of racing in the new year . London : February 1 . Some 300,000 people are expected in London 's Chinatown , Trafalgar Square , and Leicester Square for acrobatic performances , fireworks , and food stalls serving steamed dumplings and red bean cakes . Sydney : February 1 . Sydney 's Chinese New Year Twilight Parade features illuminated floats , along with 500 dancers , martial artists , and musicians , who make their way from City Hall to Chinatown . Fireworks will light up the nighttime sky over Cockle Bay . Then , on February 7 and 8 in Darling Harbour , 3,000 dragon-boat racers will entertain 200,000 visitors . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Some 500,000 will watch a parade in Manhattan 's Chinatown on February 1 Singapore hosts one of the world 's most elaborate Chinese New Year festivities Fireworks will light up the nighttime sky over Cockle Bay in Sydney
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rare and original manuscript of one of America 's most patriotic songs has been discovered in a flea market bargain . The manuscript of the song could be worth tens of thousands of dollars . A shopper browsing through the market in New York bought a framed picture of a flower for $ 10 and found handwritten manuscript of "  America "  My Country 't is of Thee  tucked behind the picture , the manuscript 's owner said Thursday . The manuscript of the song whose lyrics were written by Samuel Francis Smith in 1831 could be worth tens of thousands of dollars , said the owner , art collector Keya Morgan . He said he bought it from the flea market shopper , who has asked not to be identified . The song was intended to be played in schools to inspire and teach children and was first played in public on July 4 , 1831 , in the First Baptist Church in Newton , Massachusetts , Morgan said . The song is written to the tune of "  God Save the Queen , " the national anthem of the United Kingdom . Take a look at the manuscript " The authenticity of the document was confirmed by Morgan , a handwriting expert who has been authenticating historical documents for nearly a decade , and Diana Yount , an archival specialist at Andover Newton Theological School . Yount reached her conclusion after comparing the handwriting with that in a hymn written by Smith . Morgan , whose collection includes artifacts from Abraham Lincoln , Marilyn Monroe , Thomas Jefferson and Ulysses S. Grant , was ecstatic . "  It 's the biggest high I could get , " said Morgan . "  It shaped the nation and reminds us that this nation is just a baby . "	"  America "  My Country 't is of Thee  found tucked behind a picture Picture sells for $ 10 at flea market ; manuscript reportedly worth thousands "  America " first played in public on July 4 , 1831
CNN  Millions played -- and prayed . But no one got all the six life-changing numbers : 5 , 10 , 21 , 34 , 58 and the Powerball , 33 . The next drawing is Wednesday , and the estimated jackpot now shoots up to $ 450 million . It 's now among the largest jackpots and inching closer to the biggest in Powerball history : $ 590.5 million won in 2013 Meanwhile , here 's some mathematical reality : you do n't stand a chance . We know , we know -- someone may get at least a share of the prize . If not this one , then in a subsequent drawing . Chances of it being you ? Virtually nonexistent . The chance of a ticket winning a Powerball jackpot is 1 in 175,223,510 . You have a better chance of becoming an astronaut , dating a supermodel -- maybe even being attacked by a shark or struck by lightning -- the latter two simultaneously . But hey , dream on ! We will , too . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	The biggest jackpot in Powerball history was $ 590.5 million , won in 2013 Your chances of winning the Powerball are ... virtually nonexistent
CNN  -- Dear Justice Scalia , Like everyone on the Internet , I read with interest your recent interview with New York magazine 's Jennifer Senior . Many sections were intriguing , including your firm belief in the existence of the devil and your passing fondness for "  Duck Dynasty . " You 're a fascinating person . But one passage troubled me deeply . Not because of what they say about you , but because of what they say about me and us and this great country that we call the United States . It would be easy for me to laugh off the interview -- to write a column with a few "  argle-bargle " or "  fairyland castle " references . All in a day 's work at the digital snark factory , right ? More "  blurbing things on the Internet , " to borrow your words . I 'm not going to do that . Because when you , the Supreme Court justice who has power over my rights as a gay citizen , said that you "  have friends that I know , or very much suspect , are homosexual , " but that you do n't have any friends who are openly gay , I was at first shocked and then puzzled and then saddened -- both for you and for all of us . "  Have any of them come out to you ? " Senior asked . Your response : "  No . No . Not that I know of . " At first that seemed unbelievable . How is it possible to live in 2013 America -- to be one of the most important and powerful people in 2013 America -- and not have any friends who are openly gay ? Then I thought about it a little more . I 'm gay , but , growing up in Oklahoma , I do n't think I was friends with an openly gay person until I left the state , after high school . I 've traveled around the country , to places such as Mississippi , where there are still people who are n't sure whether gays exist , much less whether they should befriend them . And I looked into the numbers . You 're far from alone . According to a 2013 Gallup poll , a quarter of Americans said they , like you , do not have "  any friends or relatives or coworkers who have told  them  , personally , that they are gay or lesbian . " Meanwhile , respondents listed having gay and lesbian friends as the fourth most common reason for supporting same-sex marriage . Many people -- especially the "  shrilly liberal " media -- would blame you for not knowing anyone who 's openly gay . It would be hard to expect to be accepted by someone who wrote , in 2003 , that Americans who do n't want gays to work as teachers , business partners or scoutmasters are "  protecting themselves and their families from a lifestyle that they believe to be immoral and destructive . " "  I would write that again , " you said in the New York magazine interview . That 's unfair , and it 's a sign you 're from another time -- that you need to do more to widen your influences , reading material and social circles . But I also do n't blame you , personally . I blame all of us , including the gay community . The U.S. gay rights movement , as I 'm sure you know , was founded on the idea that openness creates social and political change . It 's easy to see how this is still true in Russia and Uganda , the centers of violent struggle for dignity for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . A transgender Ugandan man , Pepe Julian Onziema , recently wrote for this site that "  visibility is magical for those of us who once roamed the land like ghosts . " Until I read your interview , though , I 'd forgotten how much this "  magical " visibility is needed in modern America . In the age of Anderson Cooper and Ellen DeGeneres , LGBT people have become invisible anew , hiding in plain sight . Either we 're afraid to speak up , as was the case with the LGBT people I met in Mississippi , who can be fired from their jobs and evicted from their rental properties for doing so . Or , on the other end of the spectrum , we 're demagogues -- screaming so loud we 're no longer heard . At least not by that quarter of America that still does n't know us . We 've stopped listening , too , and stopped reaching out to the people like you whom we too often see as enemies and bigots -- and not as people . "  We do n't know the other side anymore , " Dahlia Lithwick wrote for Slate . "  We do n't even know anyone like the other side anymore . We ca n't even believe those people exist anymore . And maybe this is really what the devil 's been up to . " I agree . And that 's why I 'm extending my hand in friendship . Not as some gay-hater snare trap , but as a genuine offer to talk through these issues if you 'd like . I 'd be honored to be your friend . I promise not to judge you . You , like me , are shaped by your personal experience . I 'm sure there are plenty of things we share . I can quote "  Seinfeld " and I sometimes question the narcissism of Facebook , too . All I would ask is that you withhold your judgment of me as well -- and to seek , whether it 's from me or one of your closeted gay friends , to understand where we 're coming from and why so many of us are offended by your opinions . I know that will be hard for someone who wears a black robe for a living . But it 's also the first step in mending two countries into one . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia gives a wide-ranging interview to magazine In the interview , Scalia says he does n't have any openly gay friends John Sutter : Do n't blame Scalia , blame all of us , including the gay community Sutter offers his hand in friendship , saying it 's a step in "  mending two countries into one "
London  CNN  -- The BBC has apologized to Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II after a reporter revealed the monarch was "  pretty upset " that British officials had failed to arrest radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri . Usually private conversations with members of Britain 's royal family remain private . But in an extraordinary breach of this convention on BBC Radio 4 , security correspondent Frank Gardner said the queen told him she had asked a government official why Hamza remained at large during his days as the imam of a mosque in London . Who is Abu Hamza ? The revelation that the queen had personally lobbied a government official over Hamza , convicted in Britain for soliciting murder and inciting hatred in 2006 , came as Gardner was discussing Hamza 's probable extradition to the U.S. on terror charges . Speaking to Today program host James Naughtie , Gardner said : "  Actually , I can tell you that the queen was pretty upset that he was , this man was , there was no way to arrest him . She could n't understand why -- surely there must have been some law he must have broken . Well in the end , sure enough there was . He was eventually convicted and sentenced for 7 years for soliciting murder and inciting racial hatred . " Naughtie , clearly taken aback by Gardner 's revelation of a private conversation he 'd had with the queen , called the disclosure a "  corker " and said , "  That 's a fascinating piece of information , Frank . " Gardner replied : "  Yes , I thought I 'd drop that in -- she told me . " Gardner said : "  She spoke to the home secretary at the time and said , ` surely this man must have broken some laws , why is he still at large ? ' " The queen rarely expresses her opinions -- let alone political views -- in public . Her role is to stay above politics , so Gardner 's disclosure is a rare insight into how she privately engaged with Britain 's government on a specific subject . CNN 's Royal Correspondent Max Foster says the convention for anyone meeting the queen at a palace event is that the conversation is private . He said : "  If you accept the invitation , you accept that anything said is off the record . " In a statement on its website , the BBC wrote : "  This morning on the Today programme our correspondent Frank Gardner revealed details of a private conversation which took place some years ago with the Queen . " "  The conversation should have remained private and the BBC and Frank deeply regret this breach of confidence . It was wholly inappropriate . Frank is extremely sorry for the embarrassment caused and has apologised to the Palace . " When reached for a comment , a Buckingham Palace spokesman told CNN : "  We never comment on private conversations . " More : Court clears way for Hamza 's extradition	BBC reporter reveals details of private conversation with Queen Elizabeth II Britain 's queen ` pretty upset ' at the failure to arrest cleric Abu Hamza Hamza convicted on terror charges in UK in 2006 , may be extradited to U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration on Wednesday abandoned plans to allow small knives and certain other banned items back on passenger flights , surrendering to fierce criticism from airlines , unions and Congress . In a statement , the TSA said it would continue to enforce the "  current prohibited items list , " which does not permit small knives . The TSA first announced the plan to allow small knives and sporting equipment in March , saying doing so would permit airport screeners extra time to focus on more dangerous objects like bombs and related components . The change would also have brought the United States into alignment with rules governing flights in most other countries , he said . Aviation safety experts said small knives and sports equipment present little threat to aircraft , largely because of the reinforced cockpit doors . Authorities say terrorists continue to plot against airlines . But the threat response has shifted away from any effort to take control of a plane , like the 9/11 hijackers did , as carriers have hardened cockpits and beefed up on board and ground security . Knives are among the most common items surrendered by passengers at screening points at U.S. airports , figures show . But aviation safety experts say small knives and sports equipment present little threat to aircraft . The emphasis now is on detecting bombs . TSA Administrator John Pistole previously said "  our greatest concern , the greatest risk " is non-metalic improvised explosive devices , or IEDs . "  That 's what I want our security officers to focus on , " he said . But his effort to roll back the small knife ban to allow unfixed blades no longer than 2.36 inches and less than a half-inch wide was met with sharp and sustained criticism from big airlines . Groups representing flight attendants , pilots , and airport screeners also were not convinced that the security situation warranted a change . Numerous members of Congress balked at the plan as well , some promising to fight it legislatively . TSA pulled back three days before the change was to take effect in April , saying it wanted to consult with key groups before moving forward . TSA officially abandoned the effort on Wednesday . "  TSA strongly values the input of our partners and traveling public and appreciates the varying points of view shared throughout the review process , " it said in its statement . It made the final decision "  after extensive engagement " with aviation advisers , law enforcement officials , and passenger advocates , the agency said . Some Pistole supporters , including former TSA chief Kip Hawley , argued the knife ban actually endangers passengers by re-focusing the attention of airport screeners away from bigger threats . But that opinion held little sway with flight attendants , who said they would be "  sitting ducks " for any passenger armed with weapons . "  We promised ` no knives on planes ever again ' and today that promise was kept , " the Coalition of Flight Attendant Unions said in a statement . It commended the agency for revising its plans . "  The result is better security policy and the assurance that our nation 's aviation security system continues to be vigilant for knives that could be used in a terrorist attack or criminal act against passengers or crew , " the group that represents 90,000 flight attendants said . The TSA has made numerous changes to its list of prohibiting items over the years . It now permits small screwdrivers , small scissors , cigarette lighters and matches , and bans large quantities of liquids and gels . Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi , the top Democrat on the House Homeland Security Committee , applauded the TSA decision . "  When established processes for creating policy are followed , common sense prevails , " he said .	TSA sought to relax rules banning small knives on commercial flights Plan never took effect following strong criticism from Congress , airlines , unions The ban on small knives was imposed after the 2001 al Qaeda hijack attacks NEW : Experts say small knives pose little threat to aircraft
CNN  -- Pentagon security officer Marvin L. Carraway Jr. saw the man walking toward him . A split second later , he saw the man 's gun . "  When I looked at the shooter , he looked at me and I recognized a certain look on his face , " said Carraway . "  Once I saw that , what went through my mind -- ` This is it , something 's about to happen . ' " Authorities say John Patrick Bedell arrived at the Pentagon late Thursday with two 9 mm semi-automatic weapons , at least as many magazines , and a vendetta . The 36-year-old had driven from California to Washington wearing a suit and a calm look . He could have passed for any tourist or worker who went through the security checkpoint every day on the way into the Pentagon . Officer Colin Richards , who mans the booth with Carraway , looked up to see Bedell point his gun at his colleague and fire . "  The shooter was so close , " Richards recalled . "  I was surprised he missed . I thought he hit Officer Carraway or hit me . " "  There was a lot of chaos , " said Carraway , a former Marine , who was grazed by Bedell 's bullets and suffered minor injuries . Officer Jeffrey Amos was manning an exit area a few strides away . Also a former serviceman , he recognized the popping sound of gunfire and ran toward it . Amos took a bullet in his shoulder , but he and Carraway kept their focus . They fired . Bedell went down , hit with a fatal shot to his head . While Richard and Carraway stood over Bedell , ensuring he was no longer a threat , Amos knew he had to make sure the shooter was working alone . "  I went back to the exit to make sure nobody was going to ambush us from the rear , " Amos said . On Monday morning , the three spoke with CNN 's "  American Morning . " They answered questions directly , letting little emotion show in their voices . Asked whether the experience will always be in his mind when he goes back to work , Amos said that it would linger , but he and his colleagues train for attacks . They expect them . "  It is going to be on my mind , " said Amos . "  But I 'm always visioning -LSB- possible attacks -RSB- on my post . " "  I guess that 's what we 're there for , " he added . "  They train us for the job and we 're there to do the job . " Bedell had repeatedly tangled with police and had been institutionalized at least three times for mental problems , according to California authorities . Court records for a man whose name and birth date match Bedell 's show that he suffered from bipolar disorder . Bedell appears to have railed against the government repeatedly on the Internet . Through podcasts and a Wikipedia page , a man identified online as JPatrickBedell cast the government as a criminal force destroying personal liberties . "  This seizure of the United States government by an international criminal conspiracy is a long-established reality , " the man said in a podcast in November 2006 , which also was published as text online . Such an organization , the man said , "  would use its powers to convert military , intelligence , and law enforcement bureacracies -LSB- sic -RSB- into instruments for political control and the domination and subjection of society , while discrediting , destroying , and murdering honest individuals within those services that work to root out corruption and faithfully serve their fellow citizens . "	Security officer on shooter : "  I recognized a certain look on his face " "  I was surprised he missed , " another officer said of being shot at Authorities : John Patrick Bedell opened fire outside the Pentagon on Thursday
CNN  -- Recent security changes at New York City 's Ellis Island and Liberty Island were under scrutiny Monday as summer started and tourists looked forward to the reopening of two of New York 's historic landmarks . Sen. Chuck Schumer and New York City Police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly have asked the National Park Service to re-evaluate a recent change in its security procedures that will allow visitors to board ferries headed to the islands and go through a security screening after they arrive . "  The NYPD and the National Park Service have differences when it comes to ideas on how to protect visitors from a terrorist attack , " Kelly told reporters Monday . "  Al Qaeda and its surrogates , those who share its jihadist goals , have continually called for attacks against America , in America . " Kelly wrote a letter to Interior Secretary Sally Jewell asking her to revisit the decision and alerted Schumer to the potential security risks . "  It 's sort of ridiculous . It 's sort of saying we are going to screen people at airports after they get on the plane , " Schumer , a New York Democrat , said . "  They 've made a serious mistake here , and we are asking them to rethink it , to change it and simply go back to the old procedure . " A park service representative did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Since 9/11 , visitors have been screened at a lower Manhattan security checkpoint before boarding the daily ferries to the islands . Liberty Island , home to the Statue of Liberty , and Ellis Island , home to the Ellis Island Immigration Museum , sustained extensive damage in Superstorm Sandy and have been closed since the storm hit in October . Liberty Island is scheduled to reopen to the public on July 4 , but Ellis Island will remain closed as it undergoes extensive repairs .	The National Parks Service wants to screen visitors after arrival at Liberty , Ellis islands Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and Sen. Charles Schumer ask service to reverse course It 's like screening "  people at airports after they get on the plane , " Schumer says Liberty Island , home of the Statue of Liberty , will reopen July 4 after Sandy repairs
CNN  Two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in South Carolina emerged Monday . The voice of Michael Slager can be heard in both . The former North Charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott . In the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen . "  Once they get here , it 'll be real quick . They 're gon na tell you , you 're gon na be off for a couple days and we 'll come back and interview you then . They 're not gon na ask you any type of questions right now . They 're gon na take your weapon , " the officer says . "  It 'd probably be a good idea to jot down your thoughts about whatever happened ... once the adrenaline stops pumping . " Slager responds : "  It 's pumping , " and then laughs . The second audio , taken from dash cam video from inside a patrol car , captures a phone call between Slager and someone CNN believes is his wife . He tells her : "  Hey . Hey , everything 's OK . OK ? I just shot somebody . " "  He grabbed my Taser , yeah . Yeah , " says Slager . "  He was running from me . ... I 'm fine . " If convicted of murder , the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty , although a death penalty case appears unlikely at this point . "  Based on the facts revealed thus far , it does not appear South Carolina 's death penalty provision applies in this case because there are no statutory ` aggravating circumstances ' present , " Scarlett A. Wilson , who is the chief prosecutor for the Ninth Judicial Circuit in the state , said on her Facebook page . Slager was charged after cell phone video emerged , showing him firing at Scott as the man ran away . Who was Walter Scott ? Pierre Fulton was riding in a car with Scott before the shooting took place . "  Walter was a dear friend and I miss him every day , " Fulton said in a statement given to ABC News by his lawyer . "  Over the past five years he helped me to become a better man and showed me the value of hard work . " "  I 'll never know why he ran , but I know he did n't deserve to die , " Fulton said . "  Please keep Walter and his family in your prayers and respect my privacy moving forward . " Scott 's passenger meets with police Scott 's death has reignited a national conversation around race and policing . Scott was black ; Slager is white . The case has also brought to light previous instances in which Slager 's behavior on the job is being questioned . On Monday , attorneys for a man named Julius Wilson announced that they were filing a lawsuit in connection with an August 2014 traffic stop . During the stop , three officers -- including Slager -- pulled Wilson out of his car . Wilson was then allegedly shocked with a stun gun . The suit claims Slager used excessive force . Slager was also named in a police complaint in 2013 after he allegedly "  Tased a man for no reason " before slamming him to the ground and dragging him , according to the North Charleston Police Department . At the time , Slager was searching for a suspect who was described as being 5-feet-5-inches tall . The African-American man he confronted was 6-feet-3 inches tall . A lawyer for Mario Givens , the man who filed the complaint , said last week that his client plans to file a lawsuit . Givens said Slager came to his door , ordered him out of the house and then Tased him . Slager was later cleared in that incident . What we know about Officer Slager CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	In the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen The second audio captures a phone call between Slager and someone CNN believes is his wife
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Aircraft manufacturer Airbus is ready to fund a third search of the Atlantic Ocean if a second search , now under way , fails to find debris from last month 's Air France crash , the company said Friday . Investigators pore over wreckage of Air France flight 447 which crashed killing 228 people on June 1 . Airbus is discussing a payment of between 12 to 20 million euros  $ 17-28 million  to help pay for a third search , but it is still too early to settle on a figure , company spokesman Stefan Schaffrath said . "  We are ready to give a significant share , whatever is needed , " he told CNN . The company is driven by the desire to understand what caused the crash of Air France Flight 447 on June 1 , he said . All 228 people aboard were killed . "  Our priority is increasing aviation safety , " Schaffrath said . "  The aviation community can learn from an accident . " Airbus is already helping in the second search alongside Air France and the French accident investigations agency , the BEA . French investigators began the second phase of their search for remnants of the flight Thursday , weeks after the locator beacons of the plane 's flight recorders would have stopped working . A ship arrived in the area of the Atlantic considered the most likely location of the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder , according to the BEA . Using two submersible units and lateral scanning sonar , search teams will look for debris sites on the sea floor that could lead to finding the recorders , the BEA said . The locator beacons of flight data recorders and cockpit voice recorders are designed to emit acoustic beacons , or "  pings , " for 30 days after a crash . Flight 447 went down in stormy weather during a flight from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Paris , France , on the first day of June . The search for the pings ended July 10 . Investigators hope the recorders will help them determine the cause of the crash . Flight debris recovered so far is being stored in France , authorities have said . Only 51 bodies were recovered from the crash of Flight 447 , the worst accident in Air France 's 75-year history .	Aircraft manufacturer Airbus ready to fund third search of Atlantic Ocean It wants to help find debris from the crash of Air France Flight 447 last month All 228 people on board were killed ; plane 's flight recorders still missing
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British television audiences will be shown an assisted suicide for the first time Wednesday , when a documentary is aired about a man taking his own life at a Swiss clinic . Craig Ewert , along with his wife Mary , hears final instructions from Dignitas escort Arthur Bernhard before taking a fatal dose of barbiturates . The documentary for broadcaster Sky will show the final moments in the life of 59-year-old Briton Craig Ewert , a retired university professor , as he takes a lethal dose of sedatives under medical supervision . The father-of-two had been diagnosed with motor neurone disease -- a rare condition caused by the breakdown of nerve cells in the brain that control the muscles -- five months before his death at Swiss euthanasia clinic , Dignitas . He decided that he did n't want to continue suffering as a prisoner in his own body . Ewert 's story follows a number of high-profile assisted suicide cases in the UK -- where the practice is illegal -- in recent years , with opinion divided as to whether those involved should face prosecution . What 's your view ? Click here to comment With this in mind , we answer some of the main questions related to the practice . What is assisted suicide ? This is where the person who is going to die needs help to kill themselves and asks for it . It may be something as simple as getting drugs for the person and putting those drugs within their reach . It differs slightly from euthanasia , which involves the deliberate killing of a person for the benefit of that person . What are the laws on assisted suicide in the UK ? Assisted suicide is currently illegal in the UK , with the 1961 Suicide Act making it an offence to "  aid , abet , counsel or procure the suicide of another . " Helping somebody to die carries a prison sentence of up to 14 years . Have people been prosecuted here for assisting suicide ? No . A decision by Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service on December 10 effectively ruled out the prosecution of families who assist in such "  mercy killings , " when it decided no charges would be brought against the parents of a paralyzed rugby player . Daniel James , 23 , died with the aid of his parents in a Dignitas assisted suicide clinic last year after deciding he was no longer able to live with the injuries he sustained playing rugby at university . Watch more about the case " In a landmark decision , Director of Public Prosecutions Keir Starmer said there was "  sufficient evidence " to prosecute the couple , but that it would not be in the public 's interest to do so . In a statement he pointed to the fact that Daniel , "  as a fiercely independent young man , was not influenced by his parents to take his own life and the evidence indicates he did so despite their imploring him not to . " Has there been a push to change the law in the UK ? The issue was brought to widespread attention in 2002 when Diane Purdy , a terminally ill woman , failed in a legal bid for her husband to be allowed to help her take her life without fear of prosecution . Her lawyers had argued that under the European Convention on Human Rights , which guarantees the right to respect for private life and bans inhuman and degrading treatment , she should be allowed to die with dignity , rather than face the distressing final stages of her disease . She eventually died in a hospice in Luton , England . Since then several attempts to legalize assisted suicide in the UK have been rejected . The most recent , in 2006 , was defeated in the House of Lords -- the country 's upper house in parliament -- by 148 votes to 100 . In Scotland , which has its own legal system , veteran MP Margo MacDonald has launched a campaign to legalize the practice . MacDonald , who suffers from Parkinson 's disease , said people should have the right to choose the time and place of their death . She hopes to bring legislation before Scotland 's parliament next year . Why can it be done in Switzerland ? Who does it ? Swiss charity Dignitas was founded in 1998 and has helped hundreds of people across Europe to commit suicide . Dignitas takes advantage of Switzerland 's liberal laws on assisted suicide which suggest that a person can be prosecuted only if they are acting out of self interest . Campaigners see the absence of a complete ban on assisted suicides as tacit permission to proceed - although their stance has never been tested in the Swiss courts . The charity is run by lawyer Ludwig Minelli , who believes that he is helping people "  die with dignity . "	Final moments in the life of 59-year-old Briton Craig Ewert shown on TV Ewert , a motor neurone disease sufferer , went to Swiss assisted suicide clinic Assisted suicide is illegal in Britain and carries 14-year prison term No-one in the UK has been prosecuted under the 1961 Suicide Act
CNN  -- The ongoing furor over U.S. Rep. Todd Akin 's remarks on rape and pregnancy was largely ignored on the campaign trail Tuesday as candidates for president and vice president refocused their attention on the issues that have dominated the election for weeks : Medicare and the economy . Speaking at a community college in Reno , Nevada , President Barack Obama spoke about education , slamming his Republican rivals for not having a clear plan . "  This country has always made a commitment to put a good education within the reach of all who were willing to work for it . That 's part of what made us an economic superpower , " he said . "  We are going to make sure that America once again leads the world in educating our kids and training our workers . " "  We 've come too far to turn back now , " the president added . Paul Ryan , the Republican vice presidential candidate , spoke at a Pennsylvania steel plant in front of a sign reading "  We Did Build It , " another reference to a now-familiar Republican line against Obama , who in July said that small businesses owed part of their success to government-provided services . "  We have this funny idea , Mitt and I , that if you encourage success you get more of it , " Ryan said at Beaver Steel Services in Carnegie . "  It 's a good thing . If you demonize success , if you resent success , you get less success and less prosperity , less jobs and less take home pay . " The attention on the economy came as Republican leaders were ramping up their calls for Akin , a Missouri congressman , to drop out of his race for the U.S. Senate after asserting that "  legitimate rape " rarely resulted in pregnancy . Mitt Romney , who spent Tuesday fund-raising in Texas , characterized the remarks as "  deeply offensive " and called on the Missouri lawmaker to step down . Akin allowed a state deadline to pass Tuesday , defiantly staying in the race to unseat Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill . Akin defies calls to withdraw from Senate race Ryan , who personally maintains an opposition to abortion in all cases except when the life of the mother is at risk , also distanced himself from Akin , echoing Romney 's call for him to withdraw , and did not mention the Republican dust-up at his stop Tuesday . The Wisconsin congressman chose instead to wade back into a debate over Medicare , which has been at the forefront of the campaign since he became Romney 's running mate . Ryan has proposed a plan in the House that would allow private insurers to compete with traditional Medicare on an exchange , a move Democrats say would amount to a "  gutting " of the government-run health care program for senior citizens . Ryan and Romney have hit back , pointing out that the House plan , as well as Romney 's own plan , would not affect seniors currently enrolled in Medicare . They also claim Obama cut funding for Medicare to pay for his sweeping health care law . Ryan continued using the attack line Tuesday , saying Obama "  treated Medicare like a piggybank to pay for Obamacare and his campaign called that an achievement . " Vice President Joe Biden , campaigning in Minnesota , pushed back hard on Ryan 's claim , saying the law put in place by Obama strengthened Medicare without "  cutting a penny . " "  We extended the life of Medicare by eight years , " Biden said . "  The very thing Romney wants to eliminate now . Saving millions of seniors hundreds of dollars a year on their prescription drugs , allowing them to go to preventative care . " Biden framed the upcoming election as a "  make or break moment for the middle class , " and took a shot at Romney for not standing by some of his claims . "  I do n't have to talk about the character or conviction of the president compared to his rival , " Biden said . "  Presidential elections come down to character , and the conviction of your character . The American public knowing that what you say , you mean . That you stand by what you said you would do . " He also took aim at Republican economic policies in general , arguing they offer nothing new . "  There 's overwhelming evidence that their policies will not grow the economy . It did n't do it before and it wo n't now . Folks , we 've seen this movie before . And we know , we know how it ends , " the vice president said . Romney , in remarks at a fund-raiser in Houston , took a jab at Obama 's campaign one day after financial filings revealed the president 's re-election team had spent more money than it raised in July . "  We 're a little wiser in our spending of dollars than the other side , apparently , " Romney said , according to pool reports . "  I 'm not managing their campaign for them , but we 're going to spend our money wisely . We 're going to spend it to win . " Money gap between Romney , Obama grows In Ohio , where he appeared earlier , Obama sharply rebuffed his Republican rivals , saying their economic plans -- specifically Romney 's suggestion that students struggling to pay for college borrow money from their parents -- unfairly benefited the wealthy . "  That 's not an answer , " Obama said . "  There is nothing a parent wants more than to give our kids opportunities we never had . And there are few things as painful as not being able to do that . " "  I do not accept the notion that we should deny their children the opportunity of a higher education and a brighter future just because their families were hit hard by the recession , " the president continued . Romney 's campaign fired back , saying the president 's own record on higher education was nothing to brag about . "  Under this president , too many young Americans are suffering from higher college costs , more debt , and a lack of good jobs when they graduate , " Amanda Henneberg , a Romney campaign spokeswoman , wrote in a statement . "  Today 's policies are just more of the same from a president who has n't fixed the economy or kept his promises to the young people who supported him four years ago . " Ryan revisits Obama circa 2008 Top Dems , Obama campaign seek to tie Romney to GOP anti-abortion stance Biden to be in Tampa during Republican National Convention	NEW : Obama slams Republican rivals over education Candidates hone in on economy , Medicare , mostly ignored Akin flap Romney and Ryan charge that Obama cut funding for Medicare to pay for health care law
CNN  -- Former baseball slugger Jose Canseco accidentally shot himself in his left finger while cleaning a gun , police said . He was in surgery Tuesday night , his fiancee tweeted . "  This is Leila . Thank you all for the kind words and prayers . Jose is in still surgery and will be ok . Please pray for his finger !! , " she said in a tweet posted to his account .	Canseco hit more than 450 home runs His semiautomatic handgun accidentally went off
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- At a morgue in Pakistan 's largest city , five linen pouches -- each the size of a loaf of bread -- line the shelf of a walk-in freezer . Wrapped inside each small sack is the corpse of an infant . The babies are victims of what one relief agency calls Pakistan 's worst unfolding tragedy : the killing and dumping of newborns . "  Sometimes they hang them , and sometimes they kill by the knife , and sometimes we find bodies which have been burned , " said Anwar Kazmi , a manager at Edhi Foundation , Pakistan 's largest privately run social service and relief agency . Records at Edhi Foundation show that more than 1,200 newborns were killed and dumped in Pakistan last year , an increase of about 200 from the previous year . Families view many of these children as illegitimate in a culture that condemns those born outside of marriage . Statistics show that roughly nine out of 10 are baby girls , which families may consider too costly to keep in a country where women frequently are not allowed to work . The babies are usually just days old . Their corpses are often dumped in Karachi 's sprawling garbage dumps , where they 're sometimes mutilated by street animals , Kazmi said . He estimates that hundreds of baby corpses are never found . The head of Edhi Foundation , 83-year-old Abdul Sattar Edhi , blames Pakistan 's crippling poverty and a government that , for decades , has failed to educate the masses , generate jobs and provide citizens with the most basic needs . "  The distribution of resources by the government is wrong , " Edhi said . "  Many people do n't pay taxes ; there 's no charity , and what you get from the government is all based on your wealth . " The Pakistani government has said it 's improving education , but 55 million Pakistanis remain illiterate , according to the United Nations . And the government is billions of dollars in debt while entangled in a costly fight against the Taliban and other Islamic militant groups . The killing of newborns gets little attention in Pakistan , and rarely are they investigated by a police force that 's often poorly trained , lacks resources and stays focused on what 's perceived to be more important crimes . In many parts of the world , female infanticide is still practiced through direct violence but also by intentional neglect , according to the World Health Organization . In some Asian countries , infanticide of girls is enough to skew the population figures in favor of males . The United Nations found , for example , that there are 130 boys to 100 girls in parts of Asia , especially in countries with extreme poverty and overpopulation such as China and India . "  Girls are seen as a burden , seen as a property which belongs to somebody else so people see that as a waste of money and the wasting of an education of a girl , " said Bhagyashri Dengle , executive director of Plan India , a nonprofit for children . "  Then when the girl gets married , the families have a big , heavy dowry . So that is one of the reasons here . " Dengle said awareness and education at the grass-roots level are ways to combat this practice . "  I think we really need to reach out to young people  to  create an awareness , to change attitudes and dispel the notion that having a boy is better than a girl , " she said . "  We launched this program ` Let Girls Be Born ' -- that campaign is reaching out to masses using televisions , through newspapers and through  the  Internet . What we are trying to do is positive messaging on the girls . That girls are n't a sect ; they are as good as boys . " In Pakistan , until things improve , the Edhi Foundation said , it will keep more than 300 cradles in front of its offices throughout Pakistan where families can drop off unwanted newborns . The foundation cares for them and puts them up for adoption , no questions asked . "  It 's for awareness -- that please do n't kill your innocent babies , " Kazmi said .	Records from group show more than 1,200 newborns killed and dumped in Pakistan last year Many of those killed are girls because of cultural attitudes and poverty In some countries , infanticide of girls is enough to skew population figures , U.N. says
CNN  -- What do you do when your baby lies limp in your arms , staring blankly into the distance while never crying ? What do you do when tests show signs of liver damage and your baby 's seizures wo n't stop , but doctors ca n't tell you what 's wrong or how to fix it ? Thanks to the Human Genome Project , which was completed in 2003 , identifying new genetic mutations has gotten easier and cheaper . But geneticists often struggle to find patients who share these rare DNA quirks . Studying multiple patients with the same gene mutations and similar symptoms is crucial to identifying a new genetic disorder . That 's why a paper published Thursday in the journal Genetics in Medicine is so remarkable . The paper identifies NGLY1 deficiency as an inherited genetic disorder , caused by mutations in the NGLY1 gene . The researchers have confirmed eight patients with these mutations who share several symptoms , including developmental delays , abnormal tear production and liver disease . And they credit an "  Internet blog " with bringing the patients and scientists together . Grace 's genome Grace Wilsey 's parents knew something was wrong right away . Their newborn daughter was lethargic . Her eyes seemed hollow and unfocused . She refused to eat . Doctors at the hospital ran multiple tests , but could n't come up with a diagnosis . Eventually , the Wilseys took Grace home . As she grew older , Grace continued to exhibit troubling symptoms . Her cognitive and motor development were far behind other children her age . She had hypotonia , a condition that made her constantly limp like a rag doll . Tests revealed she had high levels of AST and ALT liver enzymes , a sign of liver damage , but no one could figure out why . The Wilseys traveled the country with their baby girl to find an answer . They visited Johns Hopkins Hospital and the National Institutes of Health on the East Coast , and several children 's hospitals on the West . "  We 've probably seen over 100 doctors , " Matt Wilsey said . "  We 've seen the best clinical minds in the United States . " Not one of whom knew what was wrong with Grace . When Grace was 2 years old , the Wilseys started doing whole genome sequencing at Stanford University near their home in the San Francisco Bay area and at Baylor College of Medicine in Texas . It was at Baylor that they first met Matthew Bainbridge , who was working on his doctorate in structural and computational biology and molecular biophysics in Baylor 's Human Genome Sequencing Center . ` One was very bad , and one was pretty bad ' The first thing geneticists look for when searching for the cause of mysterious symptoms is known DNA mutations , Bainbridge said . "  Your first instinct should n't be ` I 'm going to find something new .  It should be  ` I 'm going to find something someone has already discovered . ' " Once he 's crossed known disorders off the list , he looks for unusual mutations . All of us have mutations in our DNA that do n't affect us in any noticeable way ; if you sequence 500 healthy people 's genomes , the same mutated genes would likely come up time and again . But unusual mutations -- like those Bainbridge spotted in Grace 's NGLY1 gene -- are a sign that a particular gene may be causing a problem . Think of your DNA as a recipe , Bainbridge said . Some gene mutations are like little typos in that recipe . Maybe your body adds a bit too much flour or an extra teaspoon of sugar . Other gene mutations are more destructive ; they make your body leave out an entire ingredient , or delete half the recipe . Grace 's mutations of the NGLY1 gene were the destructive kind . "  One was very bad , and one was pretty bad , " Bainbridge said . The scientist knew he was onto something . He began searching online for any references to the NGLY1 gene . Some work had been done in fruit flies and mice , showing the gene 's mutations could cause the lab animals to function improperly . Then he came across a paper published in the Journal of Medical Genetics that mentioned a young boy who had a genetic disorder that may be related to NGLY1 mutations . Bainbridge dug deeper and found a blog written by a man named Matthew Might , an assistant professor at the University of Utah . "  My son Bertrand has a new genetic disorder , " Might had written on May 29 , 2012 . "  Patient 0 . " Scientists at Duke University had used whole-exome sequencing to discover Bertrand had two different mutations on the NGLY1 gene , which encodes the enzyme N-glycanase 1 . N-glycanase 1 is typically found in a healthy person 's cells . It helps break down defective proteins so they can be reused throughout the body . "  My son is the only human being known to lack this enzyme , " Might wrote . Bainbridge read Might 's previous posts about Bertrand 's symptoms . They were similar to what Grace 's parents had described . But the key seemed to be Bertrand 's inability to cry . Could Grace produce tears ? Bainbridge asked Kristen Wilsey via e-mail on February 26 , 2013 . Not really , came Kristen 's reply . She 'd seen a large tear once or twice ; Grace 's eyes would become moist , but multiple tears rarely fell . It was one of those moments as a scientist , Bainbridge says , where everything falls into place . You know , the one where you would run down the street yelling "  Eureka ! " if that was something people actually said . "  You start shaking a little bit . You force yourself not to tell anyone for 24 hours , " Bainbridge said . "  Then you make a Powerpoint presentation and see if you can convince other people . " Finding others like ` Patient 0 ' When the scientists at Duke University first identified the mutations in Bertrand Might 's NGLY1 gene , they did n't know for sure that the mutations were causing the 4-year-old boy 's symptoms . With only one patient , they had nothing to compare it to . Still , "  it was a huge relief , " Might told CNN in an e-mail . "  It meant that we 'd reached the end of a long and painful diagnostic odyssey ... Being the only patient in the world was shocking , but we knew there must have been other NGLY1 patients out there that were undiagnosed , just like Bertrand . " Bainbridge e-mailed Might through his blog , and the Wilseys put the geneticist and others on Team Grace in contact with the scientists working on Bertrand 's case . Others discovered Might 's blog , as well . Clinicians and genetic researchers around the globe who had sequenced the genomes of six isolated patients and found mutations in the NGLY1 gene did the same thing Bainbridge had . They searched for "  NGLY1 " online and found hope . "  I think cognitively it 's really nice to have a label , " Kristen Wilsey said . "  Once you do have a name , you can then start looking for a cure . " Matt Wilsey teamed up with Matthew Might to write an editorial accompanying the Genetics in Medicine journal paper . In the editorial , the two fathers propose a new model for genetic researchers . Their model uses a Silicon Valley approach of sharing successes and failures , and asks scientists not to underestimate the power of social media or a parent 's need for answers . "  In order to diagnose patients , we must admit the limitations of our medical knowledge , " they write . "  Sometimes the best ideas come from individuals ` outside the box '  i.e. patients and parents  ... Sometimes the least likely gene candidate is the answer . " Thanks to the "  relentless digging " of the families , five treatment approaches are being studied , the fathers say . And the list of confirmed patients with NGLY1 deficiency is up to 14 , according to Wilsey . "  This represents a complete change in the way we 're going about clinical medicine , " said Gregory Enns , co-lead author of the paper and a geneticist at Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital Stanford . "  This is happening so quickly because ... so many people are coming at this from so many angles . "	A new genetic disorder called NGLY1 deficiency is identified in eight patients NGLY1 deficiency causes developmental delays , liver disease Kids with the disorder are usually unable to produce tears Fathers of two kids with NGLY1 deficiency propose new model for scientists
CNN  -- One question that policymakers might have overlooked in trying to come up with a long-term strategy toward North Korea is this : Could the Hermit Kingdom be the next Myanmar ? Myanmar , widely known by its former name of Burma , was once a pariah , but it has surprised almost everyone by becoming a Western investor 's dream . While there are significant differences between Myanmar and North Korea , there are similarities that prompt the same Southeast Asian investors who correctly predicted Myanmar 's turnaround to be optimistic about North Korea 's future . Until recently , Myanmar 's only ally was China . For over a decade , the international community placed sanctions on Myanmar for its human rights violations , including the house arrest of the prominent activist Aung San Suu Kyi . But the junta drastically changed direction and endorsed a U.S. road map for reform -- a process that led to the U.S. lifting its export ban in September . Today , an emancipated Suu Kyi is working with the new government on reforms , and Westerners carrying suitcases of cash  sometimes literally  are looking to invest in the country . There are many good reasons to turn to Myanmar . The country has plenty of fertile land for agriculture , an abundance of precious stones and large reserves of oil , gas , coal and metals . Office rentals in some parts of Yangon , the former capital , exceed those in central Tokyo . Children who used to beg on the streets have been spotted selling copies of the investment law  in Burmese and English  . Myanmar 's transformation is partly because of the leadership realizing that overreliance on China jeopardized the country 's national security . The government prioritized diversifying its trading counterparts , and the detente began . An over-dependence on China could become a big issue for North Korea , too . China props up North Korea with aid and diplomatic support . According to the Council on Foreign Relations , the Middle Kingdom provides North Korea most of its energy needs and consumer goods and nearly half of its food supplies . But despite the support , the North Korean leadership often ignores Beijing 's requests . North Korea conducted its third nuclear test in February despite China publicly asking it not to so . Economic and political pressures do not work well on North Korea 's leadership because its central ideology of Juche , translated as "  self-reliance , " produces a very negative reaction to outside pressure . This stems from an underdog psyche resulting from centuries of kowtowing to strong Chinese and Japanese neighbors . When the regime feels provoked , it often acts in the opposite direction to demonstrate its independence . For China , being ignored by North Korea is an embarrassment . China 's strategy is a combination of reprimand with ongoing economic engagement , hoping that its influence will change North Korea 's mind . Meanwhile , North Korea 's leadership is aware of its ever-increasing reliance on China , and the Juche ideology may catalyze diversification -- as in Myanmar . And like Myanmar , North Korea would have an appeal to investors . It , too , has large deposits of undeveloped mineral wealth , estimated by the South Korean government to be worth $ 6 trillion . The country also boasts a cheap labor force , with even higher literacy rates than Myanmar . There is one big difference between the two countries -- the attitude of the people toward the West . Even when the U.S. had sanctions on Myanmar , the people were n't taught to hate America . A steady stream of propaganda , however , has left North Koreans with a negative view of the United States . But the recent celebrated visits of Americans such as Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and former NBA Star Dennis Rodman show the appeal the U.S. still has -- and the soft power it can leverage . While the State Department criticized Schmidt , saying the timing was n't "  particularly helpful , " the timing was in fact telling . Even while going head-to-head with the U.S. on the world stage , a representative of U.S. capitalism was heralded inside North Korea . Of course , soft power strategies are difficult to employ while tensions are high . Since the nuclear test in February , North Korea has threatened to strike at U.S. bases in Asia . It has closed the joint North-South Kaesong Industrial Zone and declared a state of war with South Korea . These are actions that can not be ignored . But in deciding a response , it 's important to understand how the leadership is thinking -- and what the future could hold . In the meantime , it 's the China-North Korea relationship that the savviest of Southeast Asia investors are watching most closely . Maybe North Korea could learn valuable lessons from Myanmar . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Kim and Daniel Freedman .	John Kim and Daniel Freedman : Could the Hermit Kingdom be the next Myanmar ? Kim , Freedman : Myanmar surprised everyone by its reforms , and Western investors responded They say North Korean leadership may not want to rely solely on China for its needs Kim , Freedman : Visits to North Korea or interactions with its people should be encouraged
CNN  -- Sunday was marked by a slew of anti-regime protests and yet more violence targeting dissenters in Syria , while outside the embattled country the leaders of the United States and Turkey discussed ways to aid the opposition . The bloodshed includes what the Local Coordination Committee of Syria , a network of opposition groups , is calling the "  Morek Massacre . " The group claimed that 11 civilians calling for the regime 's ouster were murdered , among them five "  executed by firing squad . " In total , the LCC reported that at least 70 died across the Middle Eastern nation Sunday , including 17 in the province of Homs , 17 in Hama  where the town of Morek is located  , 11 in Idlib , 10 in the suburbs of Damascus , nine in Daraa , five in Aleppo and one in Hasakeh . The same group also stated that such violence did not prevent demonstrations in upwards of 18 locales around Syria -- many of which it described as "  massive , " and documented with YouTube videos . CNN can not independently confirm reports of protests , casualties or attacks in Syria , because the government severely restricts access by international journalists . Meanwhile , U.S. President Barack Obama and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan met Sunday to discuss how to aid the Syrian opposition and exert pressure on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime to end its brutal crackdown on civilians . The meeting , which took place in Seoul , South Korea , where the leaders will attend a nuclear summit this week , was aimed at "  syncing up " with Turkey -- a former Syrian ally -- before Istanbul hosts the next "  Friends of Syria " meeting on April 1 , a senior Obama administration official said . Obama and Erdogan expect the upcoming conference to enhance ways to provide "  non-lethal " aid to the opponents of the Syrian regime , such as medical supplies and communications equipment , said Ben Rhodes , a U.S. deputy national security adviser . "  We can not be spectators , " Erdogan said Sunday after the meeting in South Korea . Erdogan said 17,000 refugees have fled from Syria to Turkey . Obama said he and Erdogan "  are very much in agreement that there should be a process " to transition to a "  legitimate government , " in contrast to al-Assad 's current government . He also pledged to keep pursuing humanitarian aid as reports of carnage at the hands of the the Syrian regime mount daily . A key political opposition body in Syria said Sunday that in a post-Assad era , the Syrian state would be based on "  equality , " regardless of ethnicity , religious beliefs or political affiliation . In a new charter , the Muslim Brotherhood vowed "  to protect all rights , to dispel fears , inspire trust and confidence . " Some analysts have expressed concern about what the Sunni-dominated Muslim Brotherhood might do if al-Assad 's Alawite-dominated regime falls . In its announcement Sunday , the group said it is committed to "  democracy , pluralism , equality and human rights , " as well as rejecting and fighting terrorism . The group also said every citizen should have equal rights to run for office . Sunday 's announcement comes after a top defector from the Syrian military said armed rebel groups have aligned under the leadership of the Free Syrian Army . Uniting all efforts will bolster the anti-regime movement and safeguard the nation , Brig. Gen. Mustafa Sheikh said in a video posted on YouTube . The move addressed a key concern for observers of the Syrian crisis both inside and outside the country -- that armed rebel groups were disjointed and divided . "  In these critical and difficult times that our beloved country is going through , all the honorable men and women in this nation are required to work on uniting all efforts to overthrow this corrupt regime , " Sheikh said . "  The soldiers and officers of the Free Syrian Army pledged their allegiance to protect the people and the nation . " The Syrian government routinely blames the vaguely defined "  armed terrorist groups " for violence in the country , while most reports from inside Syria indicate the government is slaughtering civilians in an attempt to wipe out dissidents . These differing accounts were evident again Sunday of the southern city of Nawaa . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said five defected soldiers and three members of al-Assad 's security forces were killed in the fighting . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said "  six of the most dangerous wanted terrorists " were killed in clashes as authorities "  stormed a den of terrorists . " Two "  competent authorities " were also killed , the government news agency said . The United Nations estimates the Syrian conflict has killed more than 8,000 people ; opposition activists put the toll at more than 10,000 . On Sunday , Kofi Annan -- a former U.N. secretary-general who is now serving as a special envoy with that world body and the Arab League -- was in Moscow to seek help from longtime al-Assad ally Russia in helping bring about a cease-fire in Syria . Russia 's president praised Annan 's efforts and pledged to offer assistance , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . "  Perhaps , it 's Syria 's last chance to avoid a bloody civil war . We are very hopeful that your work will have a positive result , " President Dmitry Medvedev told Annan , according to the news agency . Syria 's official news agency , SANA , stated that Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov also met with Annan . Lavrov noted support for Annan 's mission , but said that mission "  requires not interfering in Syria 's internal affairs and not allowing supporting only one of the conflict parties , " according to SANA . Russia and China have blocked U.N. Security Council attempts to pass resolutions condemning the al-Assad regime . The two countries say they want the violence to stop , but would not blame the bloodshed squarely on the regime . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 70 people are killed around Syria on Sunday , an opposition group claims 11 civilians die in the "  Morek Massacre , " 5 by firing squad , according to the same group Obama and Erdogan talk about providing medical supplies to the Syrian opposition Syria state news says Russian foreign minister opposes interfering in internal affairs
Last month , President Obama announced a new initiative , My Brother 's Keeper , which aims to improve the life chances of young black men . It 's an important effort designed to help one of American society 's most vulnerable populations . Young black men are disproportionately likely to drop out of school , experience unemployment and come into contact with the juvenile and criminal justice systems . Experts disagree about the root causes of these problems , but few doubt that something needs to be done . One of the interventions Obama highlighted is called Becoming a Man , a Chicago-based program that aims to reduce teenagers ' violent behavior by teaching them "  social-cognitive skills , " such as self-control , conflict resolution and the ability to more accurately read the emotions and intentions of others . Many aggressive adolescents have short fuses , and they are quick to lash out at others unnecessarily . The program 's hope is that by strengthening teenagers ' self-control , they will become better at tamping down angry impulses and thinking through situations before acting .  Full disclosure : I am a member of a team of scientists , headed by researchers at the University of Chicago , who are evaluating Becoming a Man . Intervening to help young black males develop better social-cognitive skills is important , but if the President 's initiative is to be successful , transformations are needed in our social institutions as well . One of the most significant contributors to the difficulties that many black teenagers have is that those who have been convicted of crimes typically penetrate more deeply into the justice system than offenders from other ethnic groups . Black teenagers are not just more likely to be arrested , they also are more likely to be locked up , even when convicted of the same crimes as others . Racial disparities are especially pronounced when it comes to punishment for relatively minor offenses , such as drug possession . For example , black juveniles are nearly twice as likely as their white peers to be locked up for a drug offense . As a result of mandatory sentencing laws , courts do n't have much discretion when it comes to sentencing people convicted of serious violent crimes , which makes sentencing less racially biased in these instances . Incarcerating a young black man seriously impedes his chances of making a successful life . Spending time in jail or prison disrupts schooling , which makes it hard to get a decent job . The unemployment that often follows release from incarceration has rippling effects , contributing to high rates of single parenthood  unemployed men are less likely to marry  and family instability in the black community  divorce rates are higher in families with unemployed fathers  , increasing the likelihood that one generation 's difficulties will be passed on to the next . It 's a vicious cycle that needs to be broken . One way of breaking it is to stop locking people up who have broken the law but who do n't present a genuine danger to the community . For several years , I co-directed one of the largest studies ever conducted of juvenile felons . We monitored more than 1,300 teenagers  all but about 200 of them males  who had been arrested for very serious crimes -- like armed robbery or aggravated assault -- in Philadelphia and Phoenix . We followed the sample for seven years , as they transitioned from adolescence into young adulthood . Our study reflected what many other studies of juvenile offenders have shown : Only about 10 % of the youths we tracked continued their criminal ways beyond their early 20s . Crime is a young man 's business -- it requires the stamina , short-sightedness and recklessness of youth . What led the other 90 % to stop offending ? Mainly , it 's just growing up and developing better self-control , largely due to the maturation of parts of the brain that are still developing in late adolescence . Incarceration had no impact on recidivism . After leaving prison and returning to the community , offenders who had been locked up were just as likely to commit another crime as were individuals who had n't been incarcerated and who were put on probation and treated in the community . This has important economic implications for cities and states on tight budgets . Incarceration costs about four times as much as probation . Every time we unnecessarily lock someone up , we are wasting dollars that could be more profitably invested in education and crime prevention , or , at the very least , returned to taxpayers . Incarceration is problematic enough . Trying juveniles as adults -- also disproportionately more common among black males -- makes matters even worse . Juvenile offenders who are released from an adult jail or prison are more likely to commit another serious crime , and to do so sooner , than ones who had been sent to a juvenile facility . It 's not hard to understand why : Adult prisons are schools for crime , where juveniles spend time with seasoned criminals . They are also scary places , where younger inmates are frequently assaulted and traumatized , which also makes them more likely to re-offend after being released . The irony , then , is that while programs like Becoming a Man can help black teenage boys succeed in school and stay out of trouble , treating those who break the law as if they already are men has just the opposite effect . If My Brother 's Keeper is going to succeed , we ca n't just focus on "  fixing " young black men . We need to fix the justice system , too .	Laurence Steinberg : Obama initiative to improve life chances of young black men is a start To make impact , address disproportionate number of jailed black youth , he says He says black youth more likely to get locked up than whites ; this impedes chance for life success Steinberg : Programs do n't just need to "  fix " young black men , they need to fix justice system
Boston  CNN  -- Rebuffing his lawyers ' request , a federal judge has set the trial date for Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev for November 3 . The date was set during a status hearing in Boston federal court Wednesday . On Monday , Tsarnaev 's lawyers had filed a report requesting that the trial start no earlier than September 2015 . Tsarnaev 's lawyers said they had not had a chance to review the many pieces of physical evidence , "  including nearly 2,000 items that reportedly are still being analyzed by the FBI and items kept at additional locations . " They were unable to sway Judge George O'Toole . "  I think this is a realistic and fair date , " he said Wednesday . Judy Clarke , Tsarnaev 's lead attorney , said "  meeting the trial date will be impossible . " Prosecutors to seek death penalty Prosecutors said they estimate the trial would last approximately 12 weeks . If Tsarnaev is found guilty , prosecutors expect the sentencing hearing would last approximately six weeks . Jurors will not only weigh whether he 's guilty but also whether he deserves to die . Federal prosecutors said last month they 'll seek the death penalty against Tsarnaev , arguing that he acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner " and lacks remorse . Tsarnaev is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the April 15 attack , which left three people dead and more than 250 others injured . Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to all charges . Authorities allege Tsarnaev , a Chechnya-born American , and his brother , Tamerlan , planted two homemade bombs near the finish line of the marathon , then killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer three days later . The attacks triggered the massive manhunt that led to Tsarnaev 's capture . Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev during the manhunt . For victims , death penalty decision a ` step forward '	NEW : Judge says it 's a "  realistic and fair date " Tsarnaev 's lawyers requested that the trial start no earlier than September 2015 Prosecutors say the trial will last about 12 weeks They will seek the death penalty
CNN  -- In the past two weeks , police have killed at least four people with psychiatric disabilities , each of whom had a weapon . Most recently , police in St. Louis shot Kajieme Powell , killing him just a few miles from Ferguson , Missouri . Powell is black and his death initially ratcheted up tensions , but people have since seemed to accept police explanations . Powell acted erratically , had a knife and refused to put it down . Mental illness made it , in the eyes of many , a sad but unpreventable situation . In cases like these , we need to stop talking about mental illness and start thinking through the implications of psychiatric disabilities . We also need police whose first instinct is to de-escalate tense situations whenever and however possible , and , when necessary , solve confrontations with the absolute minimum amount of force . "  Psychiatric disability " refers to mental illness that "  significantly interferes with the performance of major life activities , " a category that clearly applies to people whose "  erratic behavior " got them killed by police . The distinction matters . In America , being disabled comes with certain civil rights protections . While we generally try to eradicate illness , we are required to accommodate disability . So how does a police officer accommodate someone behaving erratically and holding a knife ? Here are the details of the four cases . They came from different races , classes , ages and parts of the country . In each case , police demanded that a disabled person choose between not being disabled or getting shot . Now four more people are dead . After St. Louis police killed Kajieme Powell , they tried to be transparent . They called a news conference , released the incident report , 911 calls and a graphic cell phone video . According to the police , two officers arrived to deal with an individual acting "  erratically . " The officers had been trained to recognize mental illness . They got out of their car . Powell drew a knife . The officers drew their weapons and ordered Powell to drop it and stop . He advanced . On the video , you can hear them firing about seven times . Powell falls . They fire twice more . While some journalists have pointed out discrepancies between the police account and the video , the chief has defended his officers . Once the man would n't stop and was within a few feet , what else could they do but shoot ? Police in Arizona used a similar explanation after shooting Michelle Cusseaux . Police had arrived to carry out an emergency court order to take her to a mental health facility , called for by her mother . Police had trouble getting her to open the door . She 'd open and close it , repeatedly . As the officers forced their way in , Cusseaux came out with a claw hammer . According to witnesses and a spokesman , the officers told her to drop the hammer several times , then shot her when she did not comply . In the aftermath , Phoenix police have lamented the tragedy and promised to implement new training , likely to be "  Crisis Intervention Team "  CIT  training , an approach that is being implemented all over the country . It 's great , but wo n't solve everything . In San Jose , a CIT-trained officer shot and killed a 19-year-old woman holding a power drill . Diana Showman , who had bipolar disorder , had called police to claim she had an Uzi and would shoot her family . Police understandably responded in numbers and started negotiating . Showman came outside but would n't drop the object she was holding . As reported in the San Jose Mercury News , "  They told her many times to stop , to drop her weapon , " one witness said . "  And she did n't . " One of the five officers fired , just once . Powell had a steak knife , Cusseaux a hammer , and Showman a drill . Jeffrey Towe , in Sacramento , actually had a military combat knife . The actual danger of the weapon , though , does n't change the shape of the story . Police arrived at the scene because a neighbor heard Towe ranting loudly about , "  four horsemen , cutting hearts out and stuff . " Towe threatened the officers verbally and the police told him to drop the knife , but instead he charged . An officer shot and killed him . Except for the fact that Powell was shot repeatedly , a detail that intensifies the racially charged aspect of that killing , the stories follow a similar pattern . The victim had a weapon and did not respond to police commands to drop it , and so they died . Of course , a person struggling with his or her disability is not likely to follow verbal police commands in a moment of stress . Once the equation reached drop or die , death was inevitable . The only solution is for the police to avoid getting into that situation if at all possible . Unfortunately , this runs directly against police training . Police are trained to display command presence in the face of uncertainly , seizing control of a situation by issuing orders , demanding compliance and using force on those who wo n't obey . Protect and serve has become command and control . There are other models . Seattle police now teach their recruits to be "  guardians . " Others emphasize patience . When Cusseaux frustrated the police by opening and closing the door repeatedly , why not just wait her out ? Moreover , where were the Tasers ? Taser-overuse is a major problem , but if they have a place in modern policing , surely it 's when confronted by an armed psychiatrically disabled person at close range . There will always be terrible situations in which police must shoot to kill someone struggling with their disability . There could be a lot fewer . Moreover , accommodations for disability tend to have positive ripple effects for the whole population . Every time an able-bodied person uses an automatic door or wheelchair ramp while pulling a suitcase or stroller , they should thank the Americans with Disabilities Act and the power of accommodations . Similarly , if police will accommodate psychiatric disability by not forcing confrontation whenever possible , we will all be a lot safer .	In the past two weeks , police have killed at least four people with psychiatric disabilities David Perry : How does a police officer accommodate someone with mental illness ? He says one solution is to train police to act like guardians , another is to use Tasers Perry : Being disabled comes with civil rights protections , we can include the mentally ill
CNN  -- Scientists have discovered the remains of a rodent the size of a small car which used to forage the South American continent . The 1-ton creature is believed to have been about 3 meters in length and 1.5 meters tall . The fossilized skull of the new giant rodent The giant rat 's skull , which measures an impressive 53 centimeters in diameter was found by Andrs Rinderknecht and Ernesto Blanco , two scientists from Montevideo , Uruguay . The two paleontologists stumbled upon the fossilized remains in a broken boulder in San Jose along the coast of Uruguay . By looking at the size ratios of the skulls and bodies of existing rodents , scientists determined the bodyweight of the rodent must have approached 1,000 kilograms or a ton , making it the world 's largest rodent to have been discovered to date . The relatively small size of its teeth however , suggests it fed mainly upon soft vegetables and fruit . "  We can give an educated guess that the rodent would have been 3 meters long -- assuming that it was similar to a Capybara  the largest rodent alive today  and taking it into account that large mammals generally have relatively smaller heads . It 's tail probably was closer to the one of capybara or guinea pig  very short  and not like a rat , " Ernesto Blanco says . The scientists believe the rodent , named Josephoartigasia monesi , roamed the earth about four million years ago at the same time as other giant creatures , such as terror birds , saber-toothed cats , ground sloths and giant armored mammals . During this period , the now arid region was forested and rich in vegetation . The largest living rodent is the capybara , a 50 kilogram guinea pig found in South America . E-mail to a friend	Rodent the size of small car discovered in Uruguay Scientists say the rodent must have weighed 1,000 kilograms Small size of its teeth suggests it fed mainly upon soft vegetables and fruit
Washington  CNN  -- For National Rifle Association Vice President Wayne LaPierre and many other pro-gun Americans , the task is clear : The best way to protect children from becoming victims of a slaughter like the one seen last week in Newtown , Connecticut , is to make sure every school in America has "  qualified armed security . " For President Barack Obama , many Democratic leaders and a slight majority of the American public , the solution starts with tougher legislation on assault weapons , universal background checks and limits on high-capacity magazines , the first steps needed to begin to make it harder to get at the kinds of firearms that kill thousands of Americans each year . Both sides are so vested in intractable arguments that there is little room for political common ground . While both sides share a desire to keep children safe , it 's like they are living in two different worlds . On one side , the gun rights advocates argue that a well-armed populace can best defend the innocent . They say that if the teachers at Sandy Hook Elementary School were armed -- or if there were armed security at the front door -- fewer lives would have been lost . On the other side , the gun control advocates are fighting to protect lives by limiting access to guns . They say that if the weapons used in the Newtown massacre were n't so readily available -- there are at least 310 million non-military firearms in the U.S. today -- then the 27 people who were murdered might still be alive . "  It 's hard for people to come to the table to at least talk about it , " said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . Why would someone own a military-style rifle ? It took the NRA -- the nation 's most politically powerful gun lobby that boasts 4.3 million members -- one week and a bizarre press conference-turned-one-way-announcement to do just that . Where some may have hoped for concessions on the NRA 's staunch pro-gun , guns-don ` t-kill-people-people-kill-people stance , the NRA stayed the course , and even doubled down . They offered no willingness to consider any of the proposals offered this week to amend gun laws including limiting access to assault weapons , requiring universal background checks , limiting sales at gun shows and increasing the use of trigger locks . Instead , the group pointed to media sensationalism , violent video games , gun-free zones in schools , the failure to enforce gun laws already on the books , issues with the nation 's mental health system and other societal problems as feeding the spate of gun violence . NRA clear on gun debate stance : arm schools They then announced a new national program to train and arm thousands of armed security to be stationed at each of the nation 's nearly 100,000 public and 33,000 private schools . They point to the fact that Sandy Hook Elementary School -- and most other schools in America -- are considered gun-free zones as a reason why it was easily attacked . Policies banning guns at schools create a place that "  insane killers " consider "  the safest place to inflict maximum mayhem with minimum risk , " LaPierre , said Friday . LaPierre said U.S. society has left children "  utterly defenseless . " "  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " he said . The organization also indicated that it would push back against a growing legislative movement to introduce or , in some cases , reintroduce gun control legislation . "  We ca n't lose precious time debating legislation that wo n't work , " LaPierre said . The NRA 's hard line came in stark contrast to President Obama 's own plan after the Newtown shooting . The list : Despite emotions , little happens legislatively after mass shootings Obama appealed to the pro-gun lobby who he said "  has members who are mothers and fathers " likely impacted by the shooting . But then he also invited them to "  do some self-reflection . " Authorities must work to make "  access to mental health care at least as easy as access to a gun , " and the country needs to tackle a "  culture that all too often glorifies guns and violence , " he said . Obama tapped Vice President Joe Biden to lead an administration effort to develop recommendations in January for preventing another tragedy like the Newtown school shooting . "  This is not some Washington commission . This is not something where folks are going to be studying the issue for six months and publishing a report that gets read and then pushed aside , " Obama said Wednesday . "  This is a team that has a very specific task to pull together real reforms right now . " Across the rest of the nation , attitudes about guns appear to be changing . A CNN/ORC International poll released Wednesday indicated that a slight majority now favor major restrictions on owning guns or an outright ban on gun ownership by ordinary citizens and more than 6 in 10 favor a ban on semi-automatic assault rifles . iReport : NRA member cuts up card in protest Forty-three percent said the shootings in Connecticut make them more likely to support gun control laws , a 15-point increase from January 2011 following the Arizona gun rampage that wounded U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Half of those questioned said the school shootings have not changed their opinions on gun control , down 19 points from January 2011 . But there 's an ocean of difference between the two sides , a gulf broadened by heated rhetoric and an almost singular focus on being "  right . " NRA comments draw swift opposition in reactions While gun control advocate New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the NRA 's stance "  a shameful evasion of the crisis facing our country , " gun rights proponent and economist John Lott applauded the group for "  coming out strongly questioning these gun free zones . " Connecticut senator-elect Chris Murphy tweeted his disgust after seeing the NRA 's statement : "  Walking out of another funeral and was handed the NRA transcript . The most revolting , tone deaf statement I 've ever seen , " he said on Twitter . Former Republican National Committee Chairman and NRA supporter Michael Steele called the NRA 's remarks "  very haunting and very disturbing . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , considered by some as a potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate , also disagreed with the NRA 's position . "  You do n't want to make this an armed camp for kids , " he said at an event in Newark Friday morning . "  I do n't think that 's a positive example for children . We should be able to figure out other ways to enhance safety . " The differences both in perspective and approach could n't be more divergent , folks on both sides of the issue point out . "  I think that people are hard wired differently . If you look at the world as a beautiful place and I 'm in the arts , I 'm a composer , I write music , I write poetry , if you believe the world 's a beautiful place , your viewpoint is different than if you feel ' I have to have my guns to protect myself , ' " said Hollis Thoms , 64 , from Annapolis , Maryland , as he protested outside of the Willard InterContinental Hotel just after the NRA 's press conference . That 's exactly the type of rhetoric that baffles Paul Martin , who commented on CNN.com . "  I am a gun owner . I would be in favor of a ban on assault type weapons , and limiting magazines to a max of 10 rounds . It 's the crazies that say ` ban all weapons ' that make me nervous about giving any ground at all , " Martin wrote . "  Approach it reasonably , with assurances that you wo n't go bonkers and demand a total ban , and you might make progress . Approach it just from anger and you will be fought all the way . " Opinion : Madness in the air in Washington CNN 's Josh Levs , David Mattingly , Catherine Shoichet , Paul Steinhauser and Holly Yan contributed to this report	The NRA wants to staff every school in America with "  qualified armed security " Obama , Democrats and others see tougher gun control as the way to limit future massacres While both sides want to keep children safe , it seems they are living in two different worlds
EW.com  -- Good news : The shrill CG rodents , who last infested theaters in 2009 's "  Squeakquel , " are stranded on a jungle island with little hope of survival . Bad news : They 've brought us along . In their third big-screen adventure , the gang -- which now includes three harmonizing chipmunks , three dance-happy Chipettes , and their harried father figure  Jason Lee  -- tries for a relaxing cruise and ends up scavenging for mangoes alongside a brain-fried castaway  "  SNL " vet Jenny Slate  . At rare moments , you get the impression that some of the people involved in the movie actually put thought into their work . The Chipmunks ' pop song covers are meticulously arranged . Their fur is animated with care . Then Alvin makes a tween-baiting " honey badger " reference or slips into an ill-advised impersonation of a Latino gangster  no , really  , and "  Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked " reverts to nothing more than a cynical stab at grabbing kids ' attention -- and , more importantly , their parents ' cash . C - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Chipwrecked " reverts to nothing more than a cynical flick for kids The movie features three chipmunks , three Chipettes , and their father figure The Chipmunks ' pop song covers are meticulously arranged
CNN  -- David "  Kidd " Kraddick , whose morning radio show aired in nearly 100 cities , has died . He was 53 . He died Saturday in New Orleans at a golf tournament to raise money for his Kidd 's Kids Charity , his management company said . What killed Kraddick was not immediately known . "  At the appropriate time , we will release more information about the cause of death , " said Ladd Biro with Champion Management . "  He died doing what he loved , and his final day was spent selflessly focused on those special children that meant the world to him . " Kraddick is the face behind the nationally successful "  Kidd Kraddick In The Morning " show . He has been named America 's Best Radio Personality ' ; Radio and Records Major Market Personality of the Year ; and he won the prestigious Marconi Award for Radio Personality of the Year . Kraddick said his career as a disc jockey began in high school . "  We sponsored a big dance for the seniors but did n't have enough money to hire a DJ . So I snuck out my dad 's stereo and did it myself , " he said . The name "  Kidd " would n't come for several years though . He began his career in Miami . And as is common with radio personalities , he bounced around . Stints in Salt Lake City , Los Angeles and Tampa followed . It was in Tampa that a program director gave him the name "  Kidd . " It stuck . His career really took off after he moved to Dallas when his morning drive time show went into syndication . Last week , Kraddick did a humorous segment on what he 'd say to his co-hosts in his "  final moments on Earth . " "  When I die , you have permission to take a bunch of creepy pictures of my body , " Kraddick said . "  I want to thank all of you guys for being at my deathbed today . I 'm going to miss you so much . " Saturday 's golf tournament was for his non-profit Kidd 's Kids Charity , which raises money annually to send children with chronic and terminal illnesses -- and their families -- to spend five days at Walt Disney World . "  RIP Kidd Kraddick . You were an amazing man and a friend . You are already missed , " tweeted entrepreneur and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban . CNN.com readers also shared their memories . "  Such a great guy . I 've listened to the show for years , " commented Johnny MacNary . "  He was always raising money for Kidd 's Kids and giving things away . He really had a heart of gold . Mornings in Texas will never be the same . My thoughts are with his family , friends and colleagues tonight . He really made the world a better place . " People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	He was at a charity golf tournament in New Orleans His management company has not disclosed a cause of death His show aired in nearly 100 cities His charity sends chronic and terminally ill children to Disney World
CNN  -- Check in to any nice hotel , and the concierge will be more than happy to recommend or reserve a tour of the area . But in some cases , you do n't even have to leave the property to take in the sights , because what 's right there under your nose is worth further exploration . Here are a handful of hotels around the globe that offer guided tours of some of their more unique and fascinating features . CUISINART GOLF RESORT & SPA Anguilla This Caribbean gem is n't just home to five-star accommodations and amenities , it 's also the site of the world 's first resort-based hydroponic farm , which sources the vast majority of herbs , vegetables and edible flowers used in all five of the resort 's restaurants , as well as its spa . Tours of the farm are held three times each week and are led by Dr. Howard M. Resh , a noted hydroponics researcher and author , who educates guests about the unique process of cultivating plants in water rather than soil . So when you sign up for a treatment at the Venus Spa that utilizes ingredients like lavender or aloe , or when you munch on the fresh cherry tomatoes that show up in your room upon arrival , you 'll know exactly where and how they were grown . Tours are free ; open to all . www.cuisinartresort.com JW MARRIOTT DESERT SPRINGS RESORT & SPA Palm Desert , California More than 25 species of exotic birds make their home of the grounds of this 450-acre resort 13 miles southeast of Palm Springs . On daily tours , Linda Whittington , the property 's full-time animal care specialist and aviary expert , introduces visitors to the flock of feathered residents , like the African grey parrots and Australian black swans , while explaining about their origins and their eating habits and even letting tourgoers feed the flamingoes . Tours are free ; open to all . www.desertspringsresort.com America 's most charming inns SANDPEARL RESORT & SPA Clearwater Beach , Florida You may notice this plush beachfront property 's award-winning environmental efforts when you take a lap in the chlorine-free pool or sleep on the sheets washed using an ozone process rather than harsh chemicals . But every Tuesday and Thursday morning , Brian Grant , the hotel 's director of engineering , takes you behind the scenes to really delve into all of the green initiatives Sandpearl has undertaken to achieve its coveted silver LEED certification . Tourgoers visit the mechanical plant , laundry facility , garage , back of the house and other areas as Grant explains their clean-air practices and recycling efforts , their use of compostable and biodegradable products and even how , through partnership with Clean the World , discarded guestroom amenities are reprocessed and distributed to other countries to help stop the spread of disease . Tours are free ; open to all . www.sandpearl.com 7 beauties of the British Isles DOG BARK PARK INN Cottonwood , Idaho This kitschy B&B may be slightly off the beaten path , but then , considering that it 's in the shape of a 30-foot-tall beagle , it 's also slightly out of the ordinary . The one-room creation , nicknamed Sweet Willy , is the brainchild of owners Frances Conklin and Dennis Sullivan , who are both chainsaw artists . In fact , they have a studio on-site and give interested guests a tour of the space , as well as a peek at some of their works in progress and a demonstration of what goes into creating the folk-art-style canine carvings they 've been crafting for the past 25 years . Tours are free ; open to all . www.dogbarkparkinn.com THE INN AT PERRY CABIN St. Michaels , Maryland Joanne Effinger has been the head gardener at this Orient-Express lodging on Maryland 's eastern shore for 16 years now , and she can name every flower , bulb and bush on the property . She does just that on the weekly horticultural tour of the lush grounds and gardens that are such an important part of the Inn at Perry Cabin 's rich history , including a 210-year-old holly tree that clocks in as the state 's oldest . Just be sure to bring your camera along so you can capture all of the colorful hydrangeas , vitexes , hellebores , snowdrops and other seasonal and perennial blooms gracing the elegant estate . Tours are free ; for guests only . www.perrycabin.com Hotel rooms to avoid RITZ-CARLTON , MILLENIA SINGAPORE Singapore The Ritz-Carlton , Millenia has a lot to show for its five stars , like the spacious rooms with spectacular views of either the Singapore skyline or Marina Bay , but the feature that really makes it stand out is its museum-quality art collection , numbering more than 300 pieces and valued at $ 4 million . Guests are treated to a guided tour of the collection via a podcast showcasing works by artists such as David Hockney , Frank Stella , Dale Chihuly and Andy Warhol , 90 % of which were commissioned specifically for the hotel . Do n't have your own iPod to download the podcast onto ? You can borrow one from the concierge . Tours are free ; for guests only . www.ritzcarlton.com/singapore 5 hideaways that are n't the Hamptons STANLEY HOTEL Estes Park , Colorado If you like things that go bump in the night , you 'll love this legendary hotel 's regularly scheduled ghost tours . Guests and non-guests alike have several options to choose from , each of them exploring the supposed paranormal activity that goes on at the century-old property , from the mysterious piano playing in the music room to the children who have long since checked out roaming the halls on the fourth floor . Also noted is the fact that the Overlook , the haunted hotel in Stephen King 's chilling novel "  The Shining , " was inspired by a stay at the Stanley . $ 10 - $ 60 , depending on tour ; open to all . www.stanleyhotel.com SOFITEL LEGEND METROPOLE HANOI Hanoi , Vietnam During a renovation at this 111-year-old hotel in August 2011 , engineers chipped away at more than 6 feet of earth and concrete to discover an underground bunker dating to the Vietnam War . The 130-square-foot shelter is now part of the Path of History tour , which retraces the Metropole 's origins from one of Asia 's most opulent accommodations , attracting a long list of celebrities such as Somerset Maugham and Charlie Chaplin , to a stint as a government-run wartime guesthouse to its current incarnation as a luxury retreat for business and leisure travelers alike . The guides who lead the daily tours were instructed by none other than Andreas Augustin , who wrote a book on the history of the iconic property for his Most Famous Hotels in the World series . Tours are free ; open to all  maximum 10 people per tour  . www.sofitel.com	Some hotels provide interesting attractions right on the grounds In Idaho , the Dog Park Bark Inn 's unique beagle architecture is worth a stop Take a bird tour at the J.W. Marriott in Palm Desert , California
London , England  CNN  -- Last week , Global Connections asked you to find links between Panama and the United Arab Emirates . Once again you responded in your hundreds . Here are some of the connections you made . "  Amar " and "  Kurt " wrote in to say both countries are large financial centers , while Angelo Pereira from Costa Rica got in touch via iReport to say that both countries have free trade economic areas . CNN 's Becky Anderson explored these business connections with Panama 's vice minister of foreign trade , Jose Domingo Arias and Oussama El Omari from the UAE 's Free Trade Zone Authority . Becky also spoke with Tom Hall , Lonely Planet 's travel editor this week to find out what connections he could find between the two . He plumped for a bird connection as both countries feature one on their national flags - the UAE has a falcon . Panama , a harpy eagle . "  Walter Hilliger , " "  Eapen Mathew " contacted CNN via the blog and Imad Wake from Lebanon sent in an iReport to say that both countries are transport hubs . Panama 's famous canal links the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and the UAE is home to the Jebel Ali port -- the biggest in the Middle East and the largest man-made harbor in the world . Dubai is well known for its audacious building program , building a new skyline almost from scratch . But Global Connections viewer Fahima Karmostaji , who lives in Dubai , says that Panama also has many construction projects underway . Two buildings in particular share an uncanny resemblance as Panamanian viewer , Asia Sher pointed out . Panama City 's Trump Ocean Club , which is currently being built , has a similar sail shape to Dubai 's Burj Al Arab tower . It was a link that students at the Balboa Academy in Panama City also made in their video of connections which they posted on YouTube . We also spoke to the young Arab fashion designer Khalid AlQasimi , whose designs draw from his upbringing in the Middle East . As well as being a trade hub , we also learned from Javier Mateo-Vega at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute that Panama is a "  hub of biodiversity . " Keep those comments coming in and make sure you join in with our next connections challenge . This week we 're looking for links between Germany and India . The connection can be anything you like -- business , entertainment , sporting , quirky or personal . Whatever your story , we would love to hear from you . So , thinking caps on , leave your messages on our blog and we 'll investigate the best on Connect the World this week . Happy connecting !	Did your suggestion make our shortlist of connections ? Panama and UAE are important financial and world trade centers Dubai and Panama City both have modern highrise skylines
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- They 're at the top of the ocean 's food chain -- but it is still a mystery how the oil disaster is affecting the shark population in the Gulf of Mexico . Even if sharks never touch the oil slick , their sources of oxygen and food are at risk . And a reduced shark population could impact the entire Gulf ecosystem , according to Neil Hammerschlag , a researcher at the University of Miami , who has been studying sharks for a decade -- tagging them to determine their migratory patterns and other behaviors . Today , his research focus has changed . "  The oil spill opens up a whole new avenue for critical research , " says Hammerschlag . As with most weekends , Hammerschlag leads a university research team packed into a boat with interns and high school students , to fish for sharks . They research the impact of the oil on sharks and other species of fish in the Gulf of Mexico . Because sharks eat nearly everything beneath them on the food chain , they provide a lot of information about the ecosystem . "  If you see high levels of oil in a shark , you better believe it 's in the whole food chain , " says Hammerschlag 's assistant , Austin Gallagher . In order to take biological samples from the sharks , first they must be caught . Ten lines are baited in areas believed to be attractive to sharks . "  Sharks do n't chew their food they swallow it , " Hammerschlag says . The lines are equipped with special circle-shaped hooks to prevent the sharks from harming themselves when they swallow the bait . Swallowing a circle hook , with an inward point does not hurt the shark , Hammerschlag says . The shark swallows the bait and , as it starts to swim away , the hook turns and catches the animal 's jaw . He compares it to a lip piercing . "  It heals very , very quickly , " he says . Once a shark is on the line , it is pulled up to the side of the boat . Larger sharks are kept in the water . The researchers lean over the side of the boat and gather tissue and blood samples , before attaching a tag to the fin . The process usually takes just a few minutes from the time it is reeled in until the shark 's release . The information has been used for creating protected marine areas , as well as medical research . Large sharks that migrate long distances -- bull , hammerhead , and tiger sharks -- are outfitted with satellite tracking devices with sensors . When the shark breaks the water 's surface , its location is sent to a satellite . Hammerschlag then receives an e-mail containing the coordinates . The data on the sharks ' movement -- published on the University of Miami 's website -- will tell researchers whether the sharks encounter the oil in the Gulf of Mexico . Hammerschlag thinks the odds are high that sharks will swim through water filled with oil , but he ca n't be certain because there 's no precedent . He 's hopeful the sharks can outsmart the environmental disaster . "  There is a possibility that these animals might be able to anticipate the oil and sense the oil and actually move away from it , " he said . Swimming through the oil could be deadly for sharks . "  Sharks breathe through the water , " says Hammerschlag . "  They take in the water , the water goes over their gills and they extract oxygen out of the water . " If the water is mixed with oil , it would hinder their normal breathing pattern , he says . It 's still too early in Hammerschlag 's research to determine whether sharks are swimming through the oil . "  Hurley " the hammerhead shark had transmitted a signal nearly every day for three months , until just a couple of days after the rig explosion that caused the oil spill . "  The tag could have failed or it could have headed off somewhere else into deep water and just not come up in the last few months , " Hammerschlag says . "  But that 's very unlike the shark 's characteristics . " Either way , as long as there are fish in the oiled area , Hammerschlag and his team will be looking at the effects on sharks . "  You know , there 's fishing areas closed in the Gulf of Mexico because they do n't want people catching and eating that fish , " he said . "  But I do n't know if the sharks got the memo . "	Researcher Neil Hammerschlag has been tracking sharks for 10 years Now , his research is focusing on the impact of the oil spill Hammerschlag and his team catch sharks , then tag them with transmitters It 's still unclear if the sharks are avoiding the oil spill
CNN  -- Efren Peaflorida , the 2009 CNN Hero of the Year , had a run-in with a pickpocket at a Manila airport on Thursday , but walked away unharmed and ready to laugh off the encounter . CNN honored Peaflorida in November for starting a "  pushcart classroom " in the Philippines to bring education to poor children as an alternative to gang membership . He was returning to Manila from Hong Kong , where he gave a speech , when a man dressed as a woman tried to grab something out of his bag at Manila 's Ninoy Aquino International Airport , police said . Police spotted the pickpocket and made an arrest , as a CNN crew witnessed the incident . The suspect , who police say was part of a larger pickpocketing operation , later confessed , authorities said . Peaflorida kept his stride , ready to laugh off the incident , said CNN producer Alex Zolbert . The hero then headed to a rally in Manila , held in honor of his activism .	CNN Hero of the Year Efren Peaflorida targeted by pickpocket at Manila airport Peaflorida won award in November for starting "  pushcart classroom " to poor children Peaflorida was not injured , laughed off encounter before heading to rally in his honor
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe described the U.S. government and Western nations as "  quite stupid and foolish " Tuesday for trying to be involved in the African country 's affairs . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has ignored international calls for him to step down . Mugabe made the comments at the funeral for a former senior soldier , just days after a top U.S. diplomat said the United States no longer supports a power-sharing deal between Mugabe and his political rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , that might pave the way for economic , health and other reforms . Jendayi Frazer , U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs , said Sunday that the U.S. felt a viable unity government was not possible with Mugabe in power . At the funeral , Mugabe reacted : "  The inclusive government ... does not include Mr. Bush and his administration . It does not even know him . It has no relationship with him . Watch U.S. say Mugabe needs to go " "  So let him keep his comments to himself . They are undeserved , irrelevant and quite stupid and foolish . Who are they to decide who should be included or should not in an inclusive government ? " Mugabe and Tsvangirai , who leads the opposition Movement for Democratic Change , signed the unity deal September 15 , but Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party and the MDC have failed to implement it because they can not agree on who should control key ministries . Under the power-sharing proposal brokered by former South African leader Thabo Mbeki , Mugabe would remain president while Tsvangirai would become prime minister . Watch what options the international community has in Zimbabwe " U.S. President George W. Bush and other leaders have urged Mugabe to step down amid a cholera epidemic that the United Nations says has killed more than 1,000 people since August . Mugabe blames Western sanctions for Zimbabwe 's worst economic and humanitarian crisis since independence from Great Britain 28 years ago . The nation is facing acute shortages of fuel , electricity and medical drugs . The inflation rate -- the highest in the world -- is 231 million percent . Mugabe , referring to Bush 's call for him to leave office , said : "  We realize that these are -LSB- the -RSB- last kicks of a dying horse . We obviously -LSB- are -RSB- not going to pay attention to a sunset administration . Zimbabwe 's fate lies in the fate of Zimbabweans . They are the ones who make and unmake the leaders of the country . Their decision alone is what we go by . " Bush leaves office January 20 . Tsvangirai announced Friday that his party will withdraw from efforts to form a unity government unless 42 kidnapped party members are released or brought to court to face formal charges by New Year 's Day .	President Robert Mugabe describes U.S. and West as "  stupid and foolish " Power-share deal is stalled because of dispute over control of ministries Zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis Mugabe has resisted international calls for him to step down
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A Chinese passenger jet with more than 200 people on board flew through the trajectory of a North Korean rocket that had been fired minutes earlier , the South Korean government said . North Korea fired the rocket Tuesday at 4:17 p.m. without giving any navigational warning , Kim Min-Seok , a spokesman for the South Korean Defense Ministry , said Wednesday . Seven minutes later , a China Southern Airlines plane carrying 220 passengers from Japan 's Narita airport to Shenyang in China passed through the rocket 's trajectory , he said . "  It was a very dangerous situation , " Kim said during a news briefing . "  North Korea 's provocative actions violate the international navigation laws and pose a great threat to the safety of civilians . " South Korea has informed Chinese authorities about what happened , the Defense Ministry said . A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman , Qin Gang , said Thursday that the plane flew through North Korean airspace "  normally on that day without incident . " "  When relevant countries conduct military training or exercises , they should abide by international custom to take measures that would ensure the safety of civil aircraft or ships passing through their airspace or territorial water , " Qin said . He said that China attaches a great deal of importance to the safety of its civil aircraft and would "  seek verification from relevant parties and express necessary concern from our side . " Officials from China Southern Airlines did n't respond to calls seeking comment Thursday . The rocket in question was one of seven fired Tuesday by North Korea into the sea off its east coast , according to South Korean authorities . Given the speeds the plane and rocket were traveling at , the seven-minute gap means there was still "  quite a big distance " between them , said Greg Waldron , Asia managing editor at Flightglobal , an aviation and aerospace website . "  Although the chances of hitting the aircraft were extremely low , akin to hitting a bullet with a bullet , there is absolutely no need to endanger civilians , however remote the danger may be , " he said . North Korea missile capabilities North Korea defends launches North Korea on Wednesday defended the series of short-range missile and rocket launches it has carried out in recent weeks . "  It is justifiable self-defense behavior for us to conduct these military exercises in order to preserve peace in the region and to protect the safety of our people and our country , " the North 's Korean People 's Army said in a statement carried by state media . The military 's statement did n't make any mention of South Korea 's comments about the Chinese plane , but it said its recent launches had n't affected "  international navigational order . " The North 's launches have taken place as U.S. and South Korean troops conduct annual military exercises in the region . The large-scale drills anger North Korea , which says it views them as a rehearsal for an invasion . The North has fired missiles or rockets into the sea on several occasions between February 21 and Tuesday , according to the South Korean government . Seoul says some of the ballistic missiles are Scud class with a long enough range to cover the entire Korean Peninsula . North Korea on Wednesday acknowledged that it had conducted "  rocket launch training " over that period . North Korea shows off South Korean man it 's holding on spy charges Who 's provoking whom ? South Korea has said the launches -- short-range and aimed in a northeasterly direction out to sea -- are intentional provocations . The U.S. State Department said Monday that launches of the Scuds violate U.N. Security Council resolutions . "  We urge North Korea to refrain from provocative actions that aggravate tensions , and instead focus on fulfilling its international obligations and commitments , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Those comments appeared to have irritated North Korea 's military . "  The U.S. and its supporters are calling our actions provocation , but they should not talk about provocation when they do n't know what provocation is , " the North 's military statement said . "  Provocation is when somebody has intent to hurt somebody else , but what we are doing is to protect ourselves , our country , our land , our people . " The U.S.-South Korean military exercises , on the other hand , are provocative , North Korea said : "  It 's a reckless American way of provocation and they 're doing all this on somebody else 's land . " It threatened the possibility of the launch of a more powerful rocket . Pyongyang had previously called for the cancellation of the joint exercises , a request dismissed by Washington and Seoul . North Korea launches missiles into sea Calmer than last year The North 's verbal attack Wednesday did n't reach the ominous levels of its saber rattling this time last year , which included threats of preemptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea . "  Unannounced missile tests are not a good thing , but their political and military significance depends on context , " Stephan Haggard , a visiting fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , wrote in a blog post Tuesday . North Korea conducted or threatened test launches during a similar period last year , soon after it had drawn international condemnation for launching a long-range rocket and carrying out its third nuclear test . "  This year , the political setting is less confrontational , " wrote Haggard , who is also a professor at the School of International Relations and Pacific Studies at the University of California , San Diego . Despite the current military drills , ties between North and South Korea have improved slightly in recent months . Over several days last month , the two countries held reunions of families separated for decades by the Korean War -- the first such meetings since 2010 . South Korea on Wednesday said it was proposing new talks between the two sides next week to discuss the possibility of further reunions . But North Korea rejected the proposal , the South Korean Unification Ministry said Thursday . Compared with last year , North Korea is being "  remarkably quiet , " said Andrei Lankov , a professor of history at Kookmin University in Seoul . "  They had to do something because it would be politically impossible to do nothing during the joint exercises , especially after they made so much noise about it , " Lankov said . "  But they act with remarkable restraint . " Report : North Korea fires two missiles off eastern coast CNN 's Paula Hancocks reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Steven Jiang and Anjali Tsui , and journalists Lina Yoon and Stella Kim contributed to this report .	NEW : China will "  seek verification " on the matter , an official says North Korea gave no navigational warning of the launch , South Korea says The chances of collision were "  extremely low , " an aviation industry observer says North Korea says its missile and rocket launches are for training purposes
Mashable  -- As a part of the 25th anniversary of Toshiba 's laptop business , the company unveiled a dual-screen laptop concept named the Libretto W100 . Although Toshiba calls it a concept PC , it looks very finished and ready for market release , which Toshiba claims will be later this summer , albeit in a limited capacity  the price is reported to be $ 1099  . As far as specifications go , one thing definitely stands out : dual 7.0-inch multi-touch displays with 1024  600 pixel resolution , together with a virtual keyboard with haptic response . It 's powered by an Intel Pentium U5400 CPU operating at 1.2 GHz , 2 GB of DDR3 memory , and a 64 GB SSD , which makes it a fairly powerful machine . Other specs include a 1-megapixel webcam , Bluetooth , MicroSD card , Wi-Fi , one USB port , an 8-cell battery , while the operating system is Windows 7 . It 's also a very portable device , measuring merely 4.84 inches by 7.95 inches when closed , and weighing 1.8 lbs . See Scobleizer 's "  first look " video of the Libretto W100 here .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Toshiba calls it a concept PC , but it looks very finished and ready for market release Toshiba claims the Libretto W100 will be released later this summer in a limited capacity The Libretto W100 has dual 7.0-inch multi-touch displays with 1024  600 pixel resolution
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The death toll climbed higher Tuesday in Georgia as dry skies over much of metropolitan Atlanta stopped advancing floods . Floodwater surrounds homes near Atlanta on Tuesday . At least eight people have died in the state from the flooding , and one person is missing and presumed dead in Chattanooga , Tennessee . To the west of Atlanta , Douglas County was particularly hard hit with six people confirmed dead . The latest victim was a young adult male found dead in the northwest of the county , said Wes Tallon , county spokesman for the emergency management agency . The death was an "  obvious flash flood death , " Tallon said , adding that the body was found with a vehicle downstream from a roadway . See photos of flooding " Parts of northwest and south central Georgia , as well as the metro Atlanta area , were still under a flash flood watch Tuesday night . Standing water remained throughout parts of Atlanta . But CNN meteorologists said the heavier rain had shifted west of the hardest hit areas in Georgia . They expected significant rain in parts of Mississippi and Louisiana , where the ground was saturated by the earlier storms that moved up from the Gulf of Mexico to cover the southeast . But slow draining waters Tuesday left portions of highways I-285 and I-20 on the city 's west side still closed Tuesday night , and several state roads in the area were closed because of flooding , or bridges and roadways washed away . Watch interstate under water " Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue pleaded Tuesday with residents to stay off roads , noting that nearly all the fatalities so far were drivers and passengers swept away by the floodwater . "  Stuff is important but it 's not nearly as important as your life , " he said . "  Please give these waters time to recede . " Perdue said he planned to ask President Obama to declare a federal emergency in Georgia . The governor has declared states of emergency in 17 flood-stricken counties . Until just a few months ago , the area was gripped by drought . Schools in the Atlanta metro area were closed Tuesday as some isolated storms soaked areas around the city . The rains were not as widespread or heavy as they were Monday . Watch flooding in Atlanta 's urban core " In Douglas County , some of the flooding victims spoke to family members while trapped inside their vehicles . "  She said that the vehicle was being taken by water , that it was starting to take the car , " said Lori Jones , whose niece , Delena Waters , died in the flooding . She spoke to CNN affiliate WSB-TV . "  The last thing they heard was that she was floating away . " Another victim 's relative had a similar story : "  His girlfriend was talking to him at 12:30 last night , he said , ` I 'm on Pool Mill Road , water 's flooding in my car , I can not get it open , ' " the relative told WSB-TV . "  He said ' I got ta call 911 ' and then his phone went dead . " Emergency management spokesman Tallon also reported an adult woman found dead downstream from a car that had washed off the roadway . Watch what caused such torrential rain " One group in the county was more fortunate . County emergency director Jason Milhollin told CNN that a car was swept off the road during the morning commute , and four other people who tried to rescue the driver were also swept away . All five were later rescued , he said . "  They were fine , no one went to the hospital , " Milhollin said . "  Luckily they had a fence to hold on to and we got the boat to them . " Elsewhere , a 2-year-old boy and a 39-year old woman were killed . The toddler died when he was ripped from his father 's arms by fast-moving floodwater as the father struggled to hold onto bushes , officials in Carroll County , also west of Atlanta , said . Seydi Burciaga , 39 , was swept off a road in Lawrenceville in Gwinnett County , east of Atlanta , when flash flooding trapped her in her vehicle , Gwinnett County police said . She called 911 and police tried to locate her , but Burciaga could not tell them exactly where she was . Floodwater moved her minivan about 500 feet after she was swept off the roadway , and her attempts to guide rescuers by mentioning landmarks were unsuccessful , police said . By the time rescuers found the minivan , she was dead . Some areas west of Atlanta have received more than 22 inches of rain since last week , nearly half of that falling from Sunday night to Monday morning . After Georgia creeks and rivers burst , swollen by days of rain , residents struggled to escape . iReport.com : Horses pulled to safety from flooded creek An additional death was reported likely in Tennessee , where a presumed drowning victim was forced into a culvert , or underground storm water drain , Sunday evening , Chattanooga Fire Department spokesman Bruce Garner said . Sylvester Kitchens Jr. , 46 , was with friend Albert Miller when they decided to swim in a large , flooded ditch , Garner said . He said a Miller family member told him that "  basically , it was a bet . " Both managed to grab a chain-link fence while being buffeted by the strong current , Garner said . A neighbor threw a garden hose for them to grab , and Kitchens reached for it but could n't hold on . Miller clung to the fence for about 20 minutes and was eventually rescued by firefighters , Garner said . Kitchens ' body has not been found , said Garner , who added that it "  does n't appear he could 've survived . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	NEW : Heavy rain moves west , expected to hit parts of Mississippi and Louisiana Georgia death toll rises to 8 ; most caught in cars in floodwaters , governor says Those killed Monday in Georgia flooding include 2-year-old swept from father 's arms Governor declares state of emergency in 17 hardest-hit counties
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored a late headed winner as Real Madrid stayed a point behind leaders Barcelona in the Spanish title race after a dramatic 3-2 win over Osasuna on Sunday night . Real had to come from behind twice in the Bernabeu with former World Player of the Year Ronaldo grabbing a double . Trailing by four points after Barcelona 's 4-1 win over Villarreal on Saturday , Real made a disastrous start as a poor back pass by Raul Albiol allowed in Carlos Aranda to give Osasuna an early lead . Ronaldo then came to the rescue for the first time as he equalized with a fine strike from just outside the penalty area , but Real were soon behind again as Krisztian Vadocz struck home Osasuna 's second . But with time running out in the first half , Marcelo headed Real level again . Osasuna refused to lie down and substitute Masoud Soleimani missed the easiest of several chances for the visitors as Real pushed forward for a winner . The game appeared to be headed for a draw , which would have severely dented Real 's title hopes with games running out , until Ronaldo popped up to score an 89th minute goal from a cross by Gonzalo Higuain . A double from Lionel Messi had helped Barca to rebound from their Champions League exit at the hands of Inter Milan to leave them on course to defend their La Liga crown with a fine win over Villarreal . In other action on Sunday , Alvaro Negredo scored two penalties to give Sevilla a 3-1 win over Atletico Madrid to lift them into the fourth and the final Champions League place . The match was a forerunner to the Copa del Rey final later this month . Atletico , who are also in the Europa League final , fell behind to a Luis Fabiano strike after five minutes . Tiago Cardoso equalized for Atletico who were then undone by Negredo 's two spot kicks . A double from substitute Nicola Zigic saw Valencia beat Espanyol 2-0 to keep a tight hold on third place . Getafe were held goalless by Valladolid and Tenerife beat Racing Santander 2-1 but remain in the drop zone as Malaga drew 1-1 with Sporting Gijon .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice including a late headed winner for Real Madrid The 3-2 win lifts Real to within a point of leaders Barcelona in La Liga Sevilla beat Atletico Madrid 3-1 to boost Champions League hopes Valencis consolidate third place with 2-0 win over Espanyol
CNN  -- For years , Kurt Sutter has told stories of criminal activity -- first as a writer for "  The Shield " and then as the creator of FX 's wildly popular "  Sons of Anarchy , " a dramatized version of an outlaw biker gang in California . Now he 's branching out and focusing his lens on real-life criminal organizations . The Discovery Channel recently premiered "  Kurt Sutter 's Outlaw Empires , " a six-part series that looks at the micro and macro reasons behind groups that have defined their existence outside the law . Episode one tackles famed Los Angeles gang the Crips , with subsequent shows exploring outlaw bikers , the Irish mob , the Italian mafia , the Nuestra Familia and the Aryan Brotherhood . "  On ` Sons , ' we exposed a lot of people to a new world , " Sutter told CNN from Los Angeles . "  It humanized what was a stereotype for a lot of people . Yes , our show is highly dramatic , and we take a lot of dramatic licenses . But the reality of it , and details of it are very true , very specific . For me , that 's what I wanted to do with this series . " The show sprang from a different concept Sutter was pitching that looked at criminal activity from two points of view , the criminals and law enforcement . For the final act , the two sides would be brought together in the same room . "  The pitch was to have a high-level crime and get the point of view of the criminal party involved and law enforcement and hear their retelling of the same events , " he said . "  People were intrigued by the concept , but ultimately it felt a little too old school . Discovery was interested in a variation , and they 've wanted to do a high-end documentary series . " "  Outlaw Empires " explores case studies of a few people involved in the criminal organization , using their stories and knowledge to make larger connections to the context of the outlaw group . Sutter pops up from time to time in cutaways to offer insights into the story he 's trying to tell . He 's not interested in getting law enforcement officials , psychologists or other talking heads to weigh in on why these people are "  bad . " Success , for Sutter , is telling a story that does n't pass judgment . The approach that Sutter and his team took was n't the typical "  let 's pick a subject and tell their story " usually associated with documentary storytelling . For him , they started small and worked outward . "  We tapped into people that had relationships ; some of these guys have been cleaning up their acts -- there 's networks to get to these people , " Sutter said . "  We talked to people to see who had the most interesting story . It came out of character : who had the most interesting people with the most interesting stories . "  It was n't so much like ` Let 's go do the Crips . Let 's go do the Aryan Brotherhood . ' It was about let 's cast a wide net and be led into the worlds by the characters . " Sutter is putting the finishing touches on the final episodes of "  Outlaw Empires " while also in preproduction for the fifth season of "  Sons . " And like the way he portrays his fictional characters , he aims to give viewers a new look at a group of people who have been largely portrayed in a certain way . "  It 's a challenging thing to do when you 're dealing with guys covered in swastikas , " Sutter said . "  You try to go in and give it some context , so people have some point of view to why people did what they did . It does n't mean you 're going to get behind it . " He added , "  The challenge is similar to writing ` Sons . ' When you write an anti-hero , it 's that balance between ` anti ' and ` hero . ' You ca n't make them too righteous and good so they do n't feel dangerous or believable . But you ca n't write them so deplorable that the audience ca n't get behind them . It 's similar with this series . " "  Kurt Sutter 's Outlaw Empires " airs at 10 p.m. ET Mondays on Discovery .	"  Kurt Sutter 's Outlaw Empires " is a six-part series airing on the Discovery Channel Documentary series looks at people who have defined their existence outside the law Sutter is also the creator of "  Sons of Anarchy , " the FX show about a biker gang
CNN  -- Police have smashed an illegal betting syndicate in Macau for allegedly taking the equivalent of US$ 645 million in bets on World Cup matches . It 's believed to be the biggest ever raid on an illicit football bookmaking racket in the Asian casino capital , according to police . The gambling ring used three hotel rooms to take internet and phone bets from around the world , a first coordinator for the Macau Judiciary Police told CNN . One gambler placed a bet valued at around US$ 5 million , initial investigations found . Police arrested some 22 people from mainland China , Hong Kong and Malaysia in the raid on Thursday . Two of the suspects , from China and Malaysia , were believed to be the ringleaders of the syndicate . Officers seized cash worth around US$ 248,000 , along with 17 computers , at least 10 cell phones , and betting slips . A second gambling syndicate was busted in the same hotel hours later , with police arresting four Chinese men early Friday morning . According to police , the second betting ring took around US$ 645,000 in illegal bets on World Cup matches in a single day . Police have not released the name of the hotel . The arrests are part of a cross-border campaign to crack down on illegal betting in Macau , Hong Kong and China 's southern Guangdong province around the World Cup . Authorities from the Pearl River Delta region are also cooperating with Interpol and seven other Asian nations to tackle illicit gambling . More than half of the world 's illegal sports bets are placed in Asia , according to a recent study by the International Center for Sport Security and Paris Sorbonne University . Since the tournament began , Hong Kong police have arrested a total of 39 suspects over illegal gambling and seized betting slips worth around US$ 10 million , according to the South China Morning Post . The city 's legal gambling authority , the Hong Kong Jockey Club , is the second biggest betting operator worldwide . The club said illicit sports betting in Hong Kong generated an estimated HK$ 500 billion  US$ 64.5 billion  last year -- almost four times the amount the Jockey Club turned over in the same period . In Singapore , 15 people have been arrested for allegedly receiving illegal football bets equivalent to US$ 640,000 in the past two weeks , police said Monday . Police in Malaysia have also arrested dozens of suspected illegal bookmakers since the World Cup began . WATCH : Interpol investigates World Cup betting	Police bust international betting rings operating from Macau hotel More than US$ 600 million in illegal bets placed on World Cup games Arrests are part of campaign to crack down on illicit bookmakers in Asia during World Cup
CNN  -- President Obama named Solicitor General Elena Kagan as his nominee to replace retiring Justice John Paul Stevens on the Supreme Court . CNN.com asked legal experts and commentators the significance of Obama 's selection , what to expect from Kagan as a Supreme Court justice and what lies ahead in the confirmation hearings . Patricia Millett , a partner at Akin , Gump , Strauss , Hauer & Feld in Washington , D.C , who co-chairs its Supreme Court practice . She has practiced extensively before the Supreme Court , where she has briefed approximately 70 cases and argued 28 cases . She spent 11 years appearing before the court as an assistant solicitor general during the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations : While many have said that President Obama 's replacement of Justice Stevens will not affect the direction of the court , it must be remembered that Supreme Court nominations are long-term investments for a president . In that regard , Elena Kagan is an excellent investment . If she follows her predecessor 's lead , she will spend four decades serving the nation on the court . While I agree that her arrival is unlikely to shift the court 's jurisprudence significantly in the short term , she will likely remain on the court long after some of its leading conservative justices have retired . Her brilliant intellect , affable personality , persuasiveness in oral and written advocacy and proven ability to build bridges and develop common ground among very independent thinkers  such as Harvard Law School faculty  will make her a true judicial leader on the court and will ultimately have a weighty influence on the development of the law throughout her tenure . Even in the short term , her powerful reasoning and consensus-building will likely influence the outcome of some cases . Remember that 90 percent of the court 's decisions are workaday rulings that do not capture headlines , yet that is the field in which the justices ' inter-relationships and patterns of dialogue are forged . Finally , like all of the female justices who have preceded her on the court , Elena Kagan has impeccable qualifications and ability . I sincerely hope that , with her appointment as the court 's third sitting female justice and fourth in history , we will find ourselves coming to the point where the female gender of a nominee is no longer a novelty . It is past-due time for the appointment of women on the court to be accepted as a commonplace . Julian E. Zelizer , professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School in New Jersey : With a year under his belt , we can now say that Elena Kagan is a quintessential Obamanian pick . Foremost , she has impeccable academic credentials ; Obama likes to fill positions with the best and the brightest . When she appears before the Senate , her knowledge of the law will be impressive and can put senators on the defensive . Furthermore , her positions are difficult to characterize politically . Like Obama , she is somewhat elusive . Kagan has enough on her record , such as supporting certain expansions of executive power , to concern the left and enough on her record , such as her position on military recruitment on campuses , to anger the right . This will make her more difficult for Republicans to target effectively during the confirmation hearings . Ilya Shapiro , senior fellow in constitutional studies and editor-in-chief of the Cato Supreme Court Review at the Cato Institute , a libertarian-leaning think tank in Washington , D.C. : Kagan is not the worst choice , but other short-listers would have been better in various ways . While any Obama nominee would have similar views on hot-button issues like abortion and gay rights , Diane Wood would have been great on antitrust and complex commercial litigation , for example , and Merrick Garland would bring a stronger understanding of administrative law . Generally , there is no indication that the solicitor general is anything but a standard modern liberal , with all the unfortunate views on the scope of federal power that that entails . Another concern is her mediocre performance in her current position . I question the choice of arguments she made in Citizens United and United States v. Stevens , for example -- in the first case abandoning the court 's rationale in the precedent she was defending , in the second asserting that protection for speech varies inversely on the speech 's social value . But she may be better suited to a judicial rather than advocacy role . With Democrats holding a large Senate majority , Kagan 's confirmation is in little doubt . More interesting will be the debate over constitutional limits on government . Guy-Uriel Charles is a law professor at Duke Law School in North Carolina , where he is the founding director of the Center on Law , Race and Politics . He is Haitian-American and blogs at http://www.coloreddemos.blogspot.com/// We know a lot about Elena Kagan 's biography and background . She was an academic , the first woman dean of Harvard Law School , worked for President Clinton , and is the current solicitor general . But we know very little about her views . With the exception of some strong comments about military recruitment at Harvard , she has not expressed or taken any positions on the significant public policy issues of the day . She has not developed or communicated any ideas about the role of the Supreme Court in a democratic society . She has not been at the forefront of legal thinking on any difficult constitutional matter . Indeed , the fact that we know so little about her views is apparently one her qualifying characteristics . Her nomination thus sends a very clear message to aspirants to the Supreme Court : If someday you wish to be nominated to the Supreme Court , say nothing of substance . We have created a process by which our most thoughtful leaders , individuals such as Harvard 's Lani Guinier , University of California Irvine 's founding dean Erwin Chemerinsky , University of Chicago 's Geoffrey Stone , Stanford 's Pamela Karlan and so many others , would be deemed unqualified for the court simply because they have dared to substantively and courageously engage the issues of their time . Would Thurgood Marshall or Ruth Bader Ginsburg be nominated under this current framework ? One wonders whether a game that promotes politics over principle is worth the candle . Ed Whelan , a former law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , is president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center in Washington , D.C. , a nonprofit organization that describes itself as an "  institute dedicated to applying the Judeo-Christian moral tradition to critical issues of public policy . " He served during President George W. Bush 's first term as principal deputy assistant attorney general for the Office of Legal Counsel in the U.S. Department of Justice : President Obama claimed he was searching for a Supreme Court justice who would protect the concerns of American citizens . By that standard , Elena Kagan is a very strange pick . While American soldiers were fighting Islamic terrorists abroad and defending our national security , Elena Kagan kicked military recruiters off the Harvard law school campus . In doing so , she elevated her own ideology above what Congress , acting on the advice of military leaders , had determined best served the interests of national security . Kagan has no judicial experience , hardly any real-world legal experience and a scant record of legal scholarship . She 's been adept at cultivating the powerful , as her paid role as a Goldman Sachs adviser shows . Her primary advantages over the other contenders for the nomination were that she 's an Obama insider and that she 's largely succeeded in hiding her legal views . Her nomination deserves rigorous scrutiny . Rene M. Landers , faculty director and professor of law at Suffolk University Law School in Boston , Massachusetts : The nomination of Solicitor General Elena Kagan for the Supreme Court reflects President Obama 's characteristic preference for caution and conciliation rather than political confrontation in dealings with Congress . First , the president is calculating that it will be difficult for the same senators who voted recently to confirm Kagan as solicitor general to decide that she should not be confirmed as an associate justice on the Supreme Court . Second , even though she does not have judicial experience like every other sitting member of the court -- and while if confirmed , she would become only the fourth woman to serve on the court -- in educational background and her work as a law professor and presidential appointee , Kagan 's experience will not add diversity to the court . Third , her views of presidential power  expressed in her writings and particularly in the path that the Obama administration has pursued on the Guantanamo detainees and on trials for those suspected of ties to terrorist organizations  would not seem to cause concerns among senators on national security grounds . As solicitor general , however , Kagan recently declined to pursue an appeal in Limone v. United States , the case in which the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit upheld a damages award of more than $ 100 million to four men who spent decades in prison because the FBI framed them for a murder they did not commit . Two of the men died in prison . Kagan 's decision indicates not only a careful review of the law , but the implicit judgment that the government can not use any and all means in pursuit of its law enforcement objectives , especially when those means involve a deliberate disregard for the rights of innocent individuals . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the authors .	Obama has nominated Solicitor General Elena Kagan to fill empty Supreme Court seat Experts weigh in on the nomination and the chances for approval Opinions are mixed on whether she was a wise choice
CNN  On most days , the gorgeous Gideon Putnam Resort & Spa in Saratoga Springs , New York , looks like the perfect place to start a new romance . This Valentine 's Day , however , it 'll be used to end one . That 's the day a couple from Long Island , New York , with help from a company called DivorceHotel , will come together for the last time as husband and wife to finalize legal proceedings and make their divorce official . Married for 25 years with four children , Antonio and Kathie  who prefer not to provide their last names  are both in their mid-40s . Antonio works in the construction business in New York City , Kathie is a medical professional . Amid the lush grounds of the resort in the foothills of New York 's Adirondack Region , the details of their split will be made official over three days , with wine and maybe spa treatments on the side . "  The hotel is actually known for weddings , " says Kathie . "  It 's got a great spa and it 's in a great town with really good atmosphere . "  If you get stressed you can get a massage or a facial . " Though they share a "  warped sense of humor , " the couple insists their Valentine 's Day divorce is no joking matter . "  We 're not trying to be flip about divorce , " says Kathie . "  It was a long hard road to finally make this decision -- whether you 've been married five or 10 or 25 years , divorce is never easy -- but it 's best for both of us and our family , the six of us . "  We do n't hate each other and we wo n't hate each other and this has lot to do with it . We 're not taking this as a joke , but we can still joke about it . " If that attitude about something as potentially soul-crushing as divorce surprises you , the story behind the company that 's facilitating what it calls a "  special ceremony " might make you a believer . Though combining divorce and vacation might seem as American  and heart-friendly  as fried chicken and waffles , DivorceHotel is actually a Dutch company , founded in the Netherlands in 2011 on , if you can believe it , Valentine 's Day . The company does n't actually own or operate any hotels -- it partners with various properties to host divorce proceedings -- but says the concept behind its vision of "  divorce vacations " is both pragmatic and positive . "  We started DivorceHotel because a lot of divorce procedures end up in fights that drag on for months and sometimes years , " says company founder Jim Halfens , who is neither married nor divorced . "  The element of time destroys a lot of divorce procedures and a lot of lawyers and other professionals delay procedures on purpose based on their hourly rate . " DivorceHotel provides mediation services prior to the final divorce procedures , during which it enforces a strict three-day timeline to wrap things up . It operates on a flat fee . The couple tells CNN they 're paying a total of $ 6,500 for their divorce -- that includes mediation and dealing with the legal end of the divorce , the hotel bill and resort weekend , including some meals , and $ 1,000 or so in state filing fees . "  The longer a divorce procedure takes the bigger the risk the procedure will fail , because more and more people with opinions will be involved and make it complex , " says Halfens . "  We are able to split up our spouses in a clean and positive way . " "  We have friends we 've seen go through divorces and it usually takes years , " says Antonio . "  Even when it starts off amicably , by the time it gets to trial everybody 's seething with hatred and making all sorts of crazy accusations . "  A buddy of mine was married for five and a half years and over $ 30,000 that they could n't agree about  in mediation  , it ended up costing him $ 200,000  mostly in legal fees  and it 's probably going to cost him his house . " Antonio and Kathie will travel to the resort separately and stay in separate rooms . "  I 'm not looking forward to this weekend , but it 's taking a lot of stress out of an already stressful situation , " says Kathie , emphasizing that the couple 's split is amicable . "  It makes it much easier to deal with . " Making a tough situation easier sounds good , but why target the day associated with heart-shaped chocolate boxes and other hopeful "  Be Mine " sentimentality ? "  When you think about it , this weekend has twofold meaning , " says Kathie , who , along with Antonio , says the Valentine 's Day timing is pure coincidence . "  Friday is Friday the 13th . Then we have Valentine 's Day ... We are trying to keep our sense of humor . " Does Halfens have something against Valentine 's Day ? "  We started DivorceHotel in 2011 on Valentine 's Day to show the world we believe it is possible to split up in a positive way , " he says . "  It 's more that we have an association with Valentine 's Day -- positivity . "  You could say this is one special . It will be the first time in our existence we will process a divorce on Valentine 's Day . " "  Special " might not be the word Antonio and Kathie would settle on -- both make it clear the divorce decision process has been incredibly difficult and painful -- but they 're at least satisfied with their decision to take care of the details the way they have . "  The whole notion of sitting in the cold , antiseptic environment of a courtroom or a conference room with attorneys and hash out all the details of my life , I did n't want it , " says Antonio . "  That 's not how we began our relationship and it 's not how we should end it . "  This is civilized . "	Couple 's Valentine 's Day split makes point about emotional toll of divorce DivorceHotel says its service is cheaper than going through courts "  It is possible to split up in a positive way , " says company founder . Couple has been married 25 years and has four children
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military has launched a fresh offensive against militants in its tribal region , the country 's top military spokesman said Monday . The offensive is targeting militants in Kurram , one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said . He gave no further details . Pakistani security forces have conducted operations in Kurram as far back as 2009 , but this appears to be the largest . A Pakistani military official said air force fighter jets were "  softening " targets on the ground to open the way for ground troops . The official asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media on the record . Thousands of troops are taking part in the operation , according to two officials who did not want to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . The offensive coincides with several others taking place in Pakistan 's tribal region and is likely to please U.S. officials who are pressing Pakistan to do more in the fight against militancy . The military has launched more than 10 offensives against violent extremists in northwest Pakistan in recent years , but for the United States , what matters most is North Waziristan , which U.S. officials call an epicenter of terrorism and a haven for the Haqqani network and other al Qaeda-linked militants killing American troops across the border in Afghanistan . Washington has pressured Pakistan to launch a major offensive in North Waziristan , but the Pakistani military has refused . Some U.S. officials fear that the army here has held off because Pakistan 's spy agencies have links with militant groups in North Waziristan . Kurram is just north of North Waziristan and is believed to be a destination for many militants escaping other offensives in the region . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : The offensive is targeting militants in Kurram , a military spokesman says NEW : Jets are "  softening " targets to open the way for ground troops , official says Thousands of troops are taking part , officials say Kurram is one of seven districts bordering Afghanistan
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  Joint Iraqi forces have started what they believe will be the conclusive push to retake the Iraqi city of Tikrit from ISIS , a paramilitary force participating in the offensive said Tuesday . The forces have started "  the decisive operation " to liberate Tikrit just over a week after the overall operation began , advancing toward the city from several directions , according to a statement from the predominantly Shiite paramilitary force Hashd Al-Shaab . ISIS was n't making it easy , however . The Sunni extremist group blew up a key bridge near Tikrit , preventing the joint Iraqi forces from using it to cross the Tigris River to approach the city from the east . Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces on March 1 to retake Tikrit and Salahuddin province . Tikrit , best known to Westerners as the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , fell in June to ISIS , which has captured parts of Iraq and Syria for what it says is its Islamic caliphate . In the past few days , forces progressed roughly 50 miles  80 kilometers  down one road toward the city and , by Monday , were about a mile from its center . ISIS fighters have retreated toward the city center from frontline positions , Hashd Al-Shaab 's media office said Tuesday . Al-Shaab 's forces appear to be leading the fight for Tikrit , with support from the Iraqi army and Sunni tribesmen . Also assisting is Iran , which has provided advisers , weapons and ammunition to the Iraqi government . According to the Pentagon , there may be Iranians operating heavy artillery and rocket launchers as well . There have been several failed attempts to recapture Tikrit since the second half of 2014 . If Iraq regains control of the city , it could mean that retaking Mosul -- a city 10 times bigger -- is possible . The Tikrit offensive involves around 30,000 fighters . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report from Atlanta .	A major offensive for the city was launched just over a week ago ISIS forces are retreating toward the center of Tikrit , says a Shiite force participating in the offensive
PEOPLE.com  -- Melissa McCarthy is no longer just a bridesmaid . She 's the bride . The "  Mike & Molly " Emmy winner and "  Bridesmaids " scene-stealer has some big plans on her plate -- from launching her own plus-size fashion line to getting hockey 's prized Stanley Cup  for a movie  -- during what is already a stellar year for her . But none of her professional plans can top her favorite pastime , being mom to her two daughters with actor-husband Ben Falcone : Vivian , 4 , and Georgette , 1 1/2 . McCarthy tells the Hollywood Reporter that being a mother actually helps her feel less insecure about her looks . "  The stupid stuff like what I wear or how I look I ca n't control , so I just try not to give too much energy to it , " she says , calling her body a work in progress after giving birth to Georgette . "  At 20 , I would have been like : ` Do n't they like me ? Was it my hair ? ' At 41 , I think the things that define me , I hope , are a lot more than those kinds of petty things . " As for those red-carpet moments , "  Trying to find stuff that 's still fashion-forward in my size is damn near impossible . It 's either for like a 98-year-old woman or a 14-year-old hooker , and there is nothing in the middle , " McCarthy wisecracks . Case in point : trying to outfit herself for the Emmys , which required sifting through "  nine million dresses with taffeta or shiny bows . " The final result was McCarthy 's own line that she is co-designing with couturier Daniella Pearl . Hosting SNL This Weekend Fans need n't fret , however -- she 'll still be doing comedy , including hosting this weekend 's "  Saturday Night Live . " She psyched for this , too , admitting to having an emotional reaction when the producers invited her to do it . "  I went into such an embarrassing , weird , inappropriately loud cry , " says McCarthy . "  I 'm bent over , literally , in the rug section of Living Spaces , wailing . " Also ahead : starring in and co-writing a movie with "  Bridesmaids " scribe Annie Mumolo , which is about hijacking the Stanley Cup to cheer up her sick husband ; costarring with Jason Bateman in a movie comedy  still in the talking stage  ; and appearing in Judd Apatow 's as-yet-untitled "  Knocked Up " spin-off -- and that , reportedly , is only for starters . See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Melissa McCarthy as two daughters with actor-husband Ben Falcone McCarthy says that being a mother actually helps her feel less insecure about her looks McCarthy will be hosting this weekend 's "  Saturday Night Live "
Baltimore Ravens star running back Ray Rice was indicted Thursday on an aggravated assault charge stemming from an altercation with his fiance at an Atlantic City , New Jersey , casino last month , prosecutors said . Rice was charged with third-degree aggravated assault , a crime that carries a potential penalty of three to five years ' imprisonment , according to Acting Atlantic County Prosecutor Jim McClain . Rice 's attorney , Michael Diamondstein , could not be immediately reached for comment Thursday . Police were called to the Revel Casino and Hotel in the early morning hours of February 15 to respond to a domestic dispute between the Pro-Bowl running back and his girlfriend , Janay Palmer . "  After reviewing surveillance footage it appeared both parties were involved in a physical altercation , " read the Atlantic City Police report . Both Rice , 27 , and Palmer , 26 , struck each other with their hands , according to the complaint . Both were arrested on assault charges and released the next morning . Shortly after the incident , TMZ.com posted surveillance video of a man it said was Rice dragging an apparently unconscious woman from an elevator at the Revel Casino . The video does not show either party striking the other . Diamondstein confirmed to CNN 's Alexandra Field that the man in the video was indeed his client shortly after TMZ posted it . "  There 's a significant set of facts that the public does n't know about yet , " Diamondstein told Field . "  As soon as those facts come to light , we believe the public will have a different opinion . " "  No party committed any crime , " Palmer 's lawyer , Robert Gamburg , told CNN at the time . The simple assault against Palmer was dismissed , according to McClain . "  This is part of the due process for Ray , " Baltimore Ravens Director of Media Relations Chad Steele said Thursday of the indictment . "  We know there is more to Ray Rice than this one incident . "	Baltimore Raven running back Ray Rice is indicted on an assault charge The accusation stems from an altercation with his fiancee at a New Jersey casino "  This is part of the due process for Ray , " Ravens representative says
CNN  -- The head coach of the Australian cricket team has been replaced ahead of the Ashes , following a string of poor performances by the sport 's traditional powerhouse . Cricket Australia confirmed on Monday that Mickey Arthur had been replaced as coach by Darren Lehmann , the current Queensland coach who was touring England as coach of the Australia A squad On a turbulent day for Australian cricket , captain Michael Clarke also stood down as a team selector . The Ashes , the regular series of five Test matches between Australia and England that is one of the most celebrated rivalries in world sport , is scheduled to begin on July 10 in Nottingham . England enters the series as the bookmakers ' favorite and the current holder of the Ashes , having regained them in 2009 and defended them successfully in 2011 . A South African former domestic cricketer , Arthur had coached Australia since November 2011 , following a five-year stint in charge of the South Africa national side . "  Naturally I 'm very disappointed with how this has all ended , " said Arthur , who was the first foreigner to coach Australia and had been contracted to lead the team until the end of the 2015 World Cup . "  I certainly wanted to see the job through but I accept that the team has n't been completely galvanized under my leadership and our performances have been inconsistent . "  I 'm certainly a believer in good culture and traditions much like all Australians and feel we were starting to get a shift in the right direction . We certainly need the team to be absolutely unified if we 're any chance of beating the English . " Lehmann represented Australia in 27 Test matches between 1998 and 2004 , scoring 1798 runs . "  Darren Lehmann has been appointed as the new Australia head coach , " said Cricket Australia chief executive officer James Sutherland . "  He has had outstanding success in a short time with Queensland Cricket winning the Bupa Sheffield Shield , Ryobi One-Day Cup and KFC T20 Big Bash League all within the last two years . "  Lehmann will be contracted until June 2015 -- post the 2015 Cricket World Cup . " Arthur 's dismissal comes amid troubled times for Australian cricket , on and off the pitch . This month the one-day side was knocked out in the group stages of the ICC Champions Trophy , failing to win a match in a tournament it had won the previous two times it had been held . Earlier , the side had been beaten 4-0 in Tests during its tour of India . Once the dominant force in international cricket , Australia also recently lost the series against South Africa , going down 1-0 in Tests in November , and against England , losing 4-0 in a series of one-day internationals in 2012 . Poor discipline and rumors of disunity have plagued the squad , with four players -- including then vice-captain Shane Watson -- controversially ruled ineligible to play during the recent Indian tour for failing to complete a "  homework " assignment set by Arthur on how to improve performances . Earlier this month , batsman David Warner was disciplined for throwing a punch at England player Joe Root in the early hours of the morning in a Birmingham bar , just weeks after the Australian had found himself in hot water for an expletive filled Twitter rant at journalists . He pleaded guilty to bringing the game into disrepute over both incidents .	Mickey Arthur is replaced as Australia cricket coach by Darren Lehmann Arthur dismissed after a string of poor performances Lehmann played 27 Test matches for Australia between 1998 and 2004 Captain Michael Clarke has stood down as a team selector
TROY , Michigan  CNN  -- Thousands of screaming teenage girls waving "  We love Cody Simpson " posters did n't pack a mall outside Detroit just to hear the Australian-born teen singer perform over the weekend . They also were there to support the recently launched anti-bullying campaign called Defeat the Label . Celebrities Miley Cyrus and Paula Abdul also are supporting the initiative , which is encouraging kids to speak out against bullying and put a stop to name calling , hateful Facebook and Twitter posts and actions that hurt feelings , incite depression and possibly drive some kids to end their lives . About 3,000 teens , children , parents and shoppers filled three floors of Somerset Mall for the free concert . Fans received florescent cards stamped with the words "  dork , " "  weird , " "  odd " and "  nerd " and tore them up when Simpson instructed everyone to destroy the stereotypes . Simpson , a 14-year-old often referred to as the next Justin Bieber , has become the face of Defeat the Label . With his 1.2 million Twitter followers and teen fan base , he said he believes he can help create a movement that shows bullying is n't cool . "  If enough people really stand up to it , I feel like it 's something that can really be defeated , " he said . One in five high school students have been bullied , according to the 2009 National Youth Risk Behavior Survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . And with many teens and kids using Facebook , Twitter and other social networking sites , cyberbullying is pervasive among youth . Entertainment manager , speaker and philanthropist Ken Kragen made a special appearance at the concert to announce Defeat the Label 's plan to have every student in the country stand up against bullying on May 4 , 2012 , at 12 p.m. ET . Kragen orchestrated the 1986 Hands Across America event , when 6.5 million people held hands from New York to California in one line to raise awareness about homelessness and poverty . A year earlier , he had helped organize the recording of the song "  We are the World , " written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie and sung by the top recording artists at the time , to raise money for African famine relief . "  My philosophy is it 's easier to accomplish the impossible than it is the ordinary , " Kragen said . Kragen has turned his focus to bullying because he sees it as a growing epidemic that is affecting people everywhere . "  The attention in this country is on bullying , " he said . "  Since I got involved in this , every time I turn on the television or I look at what movies are being made , constantly people are addressing these issues of bullying . " In the coming months , Kragen plans to get more celebrities to support the day against bulling and possibly coordinate a song similar to "  We are the World . " It 's hard to get bullies to stop , but you can create an attitude that says , "  Bullying just is n't the thing to do , " Kragen said . "  If somebody is being pushed off to the side and having to eat alone and people go and sit with them and say , ` I 'm your friend . Forget what they say , ' you change the whole dynamic , " he said . Defeat the Label spokeswoman Lila Lazarus said , "  Our goal is to end bullying  $ " to get people to wake up and stand up against the bully , not just in Detroit , not just in Michigan , but across the nation . " While some anti-bullying programs target the bully or victim , this one is aimed at the bystander . As Lazarus explained , bystanders  $ " whether they 're students , parents or teachers  $ " do n't necessarily know how to respond . "  We want the bystander to say ` no , ' to stand up against the bully just as much as we want the victim to stand up against the bully , " Lazarus said . But not everyone agrees with that strategy . A 2010 Youth Voice Research study of 11,893 students in grades five through 12 found that victims do n't want their peers to call out a bully . Instead , they want their peers to talk with them , sit with them at lunch and walk to class with them . Davis , who co-wrote the report , said it 's these small day-to-day actions that are needed to reduce bullying . "  Getting to know somebody who you think is a dork is way better than saying , ' I think dorks should be treated fine , ' " he said . The survey also found that students who tried to solve a bullying problem themselves did n't improve the situation . For example , 16 % said telling the bully his/her feelings made the problem better . But 34 % of students reported that the issue improved after seeking help from an adult . Defeatthelabel.com offers kids a weekly anti-bullying task such as sharing what they would do to defeat a stereotype or apologizing to someone they have hurt in the past . Jessica Jarrell , a rising singer who also performed at the Detroit show , said she supports Defeat the Label because she was bullied in middle school and mean things were said to her . Today , many of her fans send her messages about how they are being bullied . "  I ca n't believe that people can be so cruel to other people ... by being a part of this , I hope I can change people 's opinions in school and other places , " she said . Katie Long , 16 , from Traverse City , Michigan , drove 4.5 hours to show her support for the cause . She said the campaign is needed to help stop bullying , which is "  getting out of hand . " "  At our school , it was crazy , " she said . "  There were so many kids who were getting bullied , and it was n't OK . " While the campaign is just stirring up support and getting under way , Simpson said the ultimate goal is quite simple : "  No more bullying . "	Singer Cody Simpson is urging teen fans to stand up to stop bullying He gave a free concert to kick off Defeat the Label campaign Ken Kragen wants students across the U.S. to stand up on May 4 , 2012
Tell your friends . Do n't get discouraged . It 's worth the struggle . Sounding like a motivational speaker , President Barack Obama asked young supporters on Wednesday to encourage their peers to sign up for health coverage under his embattled reforms known both affectionately and derisively as Obamacare . At a White House Youth Summit , Obama used the opportunity to rally a key demographic for the success of the 2010 Affordable Care Act now that the system 's problem-plagued website appeared to working smoothly for most users . Obamacare enrollment ramps up in days after website fix He compared the never-ending political fight over the health care reforms to struggles that surrounded social progress milestones of the past century . "  I hope you have n't been discouraged by how hard it 's been because stuff that 's worth it is always hard , " Obama said . "  The civil rights movement was hard . Getting women the right to vote -- that was hard . Making sure that workers had the right to organize -- that was hard . It 's never been easy for us to change how we do business in this country . " Joking he had more gray hair because of relentless attacks on the reforms led by conservative Republicans , Obama added it was worth it and told the laughing summit participants to "  be persistent " in spreading information about new benefits and helping others enroll . "  You may get a few gray hairs as a consequence , but at the end of the day , you 'll think it 's worth it , " he said . The botched October 1 launch of the HealthCare.gov website for enrolling in new insurance exchanges set up under the reforms undermined the administration 's efforts to create early momentum for the new system . White House begins three-week Obamacare blitz Meanwhile , critics led by conservative Republicans have tried to dismantle the health care law at every turn . With the website now functioning relatively smoothly , Obama launched a three-week blitz on Tuesday to promote the reforms as uninsured consumers now required to obtain health coverage face a December 23 deadline to sign up in order to be covered as of January 1 . A properly functioning HealthCare.gov is crucial to implementing the most vital provisions of the health law that require people to have health coverage . In theory , the law would create large pools of younger , healthier participants whose premiums would help offset the cost of providing care for older policy holders who use the health care system more . The program depends on convincing younger people who might be less inclined to pay for coverage they do n't think they need . Obama told the youth summit participants to urge their friends and peers to "  imagine what happens if you get sick ; what happens with the massive bills . " Because of the reforms , he said , most young people without insurance are likely to get health coverage for less than they pay for their smartphones . Administration officials hope the new ability of HealthCare.gov to handle 800,000 users a day or more without major problems signals a major step forward in getting people to sign up . However , officials including Obama warn that glitches will persist and describe the website as a work in progress . "  There will be other things that come up during the course of the next several months because you are starting off a new program that has an impact on one-sixth of the economy , " Obama said Wednesday , adding that "  we are just going to keep on working on it and improving it and refining it , and if we see a problem , we are going to fix it . But we are not repealing it . Not as long as I am president . " Insurance companies say some "  back-end " aspects of the HealthCare.gov system continue to malfunction . In particular , insurers cite problems with applications from people who signed up through the website , including erroneous or missing information . Insurers still reporting errors on Obamacare applications White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that tech experts were working on the processing problems , offering assurances they would be fixed in time for coverage on January 1 . 3 questions the administration wo n't answer about Obamacare Republican criticism continues Republicans seeking to eliminate the health care reforms leap at any opening to attack the law that passed Congress without any GOP support . They accuse Obama and Democrats of lying about the effects of the reforms , noting several million people had policies canceled despite pledges they could keep coverage they liked , and they describe the Affordable Care Act as an example of big government run amok . On Wednesday , the Republican National Committee demanded that the administration make public the problems cited by insurers with the 834 forms for applying for coverage on HealthCare.gov . "  Democrats are spending this week telling people how great they think Obamacare is , but they ca n't even get a website to function correctly , " said a statement by RNC Chairman Reince Priebus , adding that "  the entire law -- not just the website -- is riddled with errors and needs to be repealed and replaced . " Meanwhile , the Republican National Committee 's national youth director , Elliott Echols , called Wednesday 's White House event an attempt to distract young Americans from the problems of the reforms . "  I 'd love to see the White House use this time to answer some important questions from people , like ` Why are premiums doubling ? ' and ` Why ca n't I keep my doctor ? ' and ` Why did you lie to us ? ' , " Echols said in a statement . Obama and Democrats accuse Republicans of seeking to eliminate benefits of the reforms -- such as guaranteeing coverage for people with pre-existing conditions and ending caps on coverage costs -- without proposing anything substantive to help millions of uninsured Americans get affordable health insurance . He told the summit participants that they can play a significant role in helping people learn more about the reforms and signing up . "  The truth is that for your friends , for your family , the most important source of information is not going to be me , it 's going to be you , " the President said . "  They are going to trust you . " Obama OK with ` Obamacare ' label Getting specific , Obama urged student body leaders to organize conferences and bartenders to organize happy hours "  and also probably get health insurance because most bartenders do n't have it . " The President also cleared up any question about whether he had a problem with calling the reforms Obamacare , a label used pejoratively by Republican foes . Repeating a line from his successful re-election campaign last year , Obama said to laughter and applause Wednesday that "  I know people call this law Obamacare and that 's OK because I do care , I do , " adding , "  I care about you , I care about families , I care about Americans . " Wording matters : Obamacare or Affordable Care Act ? A source familiar with the website said Wednesday that 29,000 people had enrolled through it since officials announced Sunday that they had fixed the most egregious problems plaguing HealthCare.gov for the two previous months . The three-day figure is a vast improvement over October , the first month of the six-month enrollment period , when fewer than 27,000 people signed up through the HealthCare.gov website that was supposed to be the main enrollment portal . Overall , the total of enrollees in October topped 100,000 , including those who used alternate channels and successful exchanges set up by 14 states . Marilyn Tavenner , the official charged with implementing Obamacare as director of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , said at a congressional hearing last month that the administration initially hoped to enroll 800,000 people by the end of November . The overall enrollment target by the March 31 deadline for 2014 is 7 million . Poll : Quarter of uninsured say they 'll pay Obamacare fine Some Reid staffers exempt from Obamacare	President Obama says health care reforms worth some gray hairs Do n't get discouraged by partisan fight over Obamacare , President says Young Americans are a key demographic for the success of Obamacare With website working better , the administration launches a pro-reform campaign
CNN  -- The Capitol Hill hearing on the IRS scandal this week upstaged another Senate investigation into how U.S. technology companies shelter earnings from domestic taxes . That was just as well , since the real culprit here is n't tax-dodging corporations ; it 's America 's absurd corporate tax code . The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations had hoped to make a media splash by landing a big fish rarely seen in Washington : Apple CEO Tim Cook . It released a 40-page report on the eve of the hearing , excoriating Apple 's use of "  gimmicks " to avoid paying U.S. taxes on $ 44 billion in offshore income between 2009 and 2012 . Chaired by Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , the subcommittee has been investigating the tax avoidance strategies of major U.S. tech firms . Last year , Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard were in the dock ; Tuesday , it was Apple 's turn . "  Apple was n't satisfied with shifting its profits to a low-tax offshore tax haven , " Levin told the New York Times . "  It has created offshore entities holding tens of billions of dollars while claiming to be tax resident nowhere . " At issue are foreign subsidiaries that U.S. multinationals use to manage their overseas operations . The subcommittee report says that tech companies can shuffle their intellectual property as well as earnings among such entities to shield them from America 's steep corporate tax rates . Cook , however , denied that Apple funnels any of its U.S. profits into offshore tax havens . The company has amassed more than $ 100 billion in foreign earnings , he said , because international sales of iPhones and other products account for 61 % of its revenues . Apple pays taxes in the countries where its products are sold , he told the panel , adding that it is probably also America 's largest corporate taxpayer , with expected 2013 liabilities of $ 7 billion . The Senate inquisitors are n't accusing the tech companies of doing anything illegal but of cleverly exploiting loopholes in U.S. tax laws that allow them to shelter income overseas . Lawmakers want the firms to "  repatriate " their overseas profits so that they can be taxed here . But the companies say that would be tantamount to taxing them twice , putting them at a disadvantage with foreign competitors who pay taxes only where their products are sold . At a time when America urgently needs to rebuild its revenue base and continue unwinding its public debts , it 's little wonder that lawmakers cast a covetous eye on the overseas profits of U.S. firms . But while grilling CEOs may make for good political theater , it does n't get to the heart of the problem : America 's outdated and dysfunctional corporate tax code . How flawed is it ? Let us count the ways . First , it subjects U.S.-based corporations to a top marginal rate of 35 % , among the highest in the world . Designed at a time when U.S. companies competed mainly with each other , the code now hobbles them in global competition . Second , the code is riddled with special tax deductions , credits and exemptions , which make it both fiendishly complicated and economically inefficient . As economist Robert Shapiro noted in a recent Progressive Policy Institute study , these provisions entail significant administrative and compliance costs and , more damagingly from the standpoint of economic growth , undercut markets ' ability to allocate capital to its most productive uses . They also make the code highly inequitable as some companies get breaks while others do n't with little rhyme or reason other than how effective their lobbyists are . Third , the United States is one of the few remaining countries  PDF  that has a "  worldwide " tax system , meaning that we apply the 35 % top rate to the worldwide profits of U.S-based companies : that is , on the profits made by foreign subsidiaries as well . Almost every other major economy has a territorial tax system , which taxes only the business profits earned in that country . While U.S. companies get a credit for the taxes they pay overseas , they are still liable for the difference between what they pay abroad and the higher U.S. marginal tax rate . These glaring defects have engendered a rare bipartisan consensus in Washington for sweeping reform of the corporate tax code . The basic idea , endorsed by the Obama administration and House Ways and Means Chairman Dave Camp , is to radically simplify the code by phasing out special preferences and using some or all of the revenues to cut the tax rate .  Progress toward reform is snagged , however , on a dispute over whether any of those revenues should be used for deficit reduction . More controversial is adopting a territorial system . Some progressives are leery of this approach , since it would put the foreign earnings of U.S.-based companies forever beyond Washington 's reach . But as Progressive Policy Institute economist Michael Mandel notes , those foreign profits are already taxed by the countries in which the money is earned . In today 's increasingly globalized economy , it makes sense to move toward a simpler system that is easier to enforce . Unlike Apple , U.S. lawmakers have the power to fix our broken corporate tax system . That 's probably a better use of their time than villainizing America 's most innovative and successful companies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Marshall .	Congressional committee strongly criticized Apple 's handling of taxes Will Marshall : Do n't make Apple the scapegoat for a flawed corporate tax code He says corporations face world 's highest rate and a dysfunctional system Marshall : U.S. corporate tax code should empower firms in global competition
CNN  -- Four more cases of hantavirus have been reported among people who visited Yosemite National Park in California , bringing the total number of cases to six , the California Department of Public Health said Thursday . Two of the six people infected have died . The health department is "  working closely with the National Park Service and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to further investigate the cluster of Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome cases in Yosemite and reduce the risk of other visitors becoming ill from this virus , " said Dr. Ron Chapman , health department director . Those infected visited the park between early June and mid-July , the health department said . Most stayed at the park 's popular Curry Village "  tent cabins . " Yosemite closed the tent cabins indefinitely on Tuesday . The park sent letters to around 1,700 summer visitors on Monday and Tuesday , explaining that hantavirus cases had been uncovered and that visitors should see their doctors if symptoms surface , park spokesman Scott Gediman said . Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome is a rare lung disease that kills about a third of those who get infected . Symptoms can include fever , muscle aches and fatigue , though it is not communicable from person to person . Yosemite advises medical help for those with hantavirus symptoms "  However , if the individual is experiencing fever and fatigue , and has a history of potential rural rodent exposure , together with shortness of breath ,  that  would be strongly suggestive of HPS , " the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . In September 2010 , the Tuolumne Meadows Lodge at Yosemite was assessed for hantavirus risk by the health department and received a rating of "  high risk " for hantavirus activity . The evaluator made a number of recommendations to decrease the risk . CNN was unable to determine what , if any , action the park took on the recommendations . The lodge is not in the same area of the park as Curry Village . In the United States , the carriers of hantavirus are deer mice , cotton rats , rice rats and white-footed mice . The virus can be present in the rodents ' urine , droppings and saliva , and it is spread to people when they breathe in air contaminated with the virus , the CDC says . Don Neubacher , Yosemite 's superintendent , said that people typically do n't fall ill with hantavirus until between one and six weeks after they are exposed . "  The health of our visitors is our paramount concern , and we are making every effort to notify and inform our visitors of any potential illness , " Neubacher said . Officials have focused on deer mice , common in the high-elevation eastern Sierra Nevada region . The mice are gray or brown on top , with white bellies . Their ears have no fur . "  Rodents can infest a whole range of these structures , " said Dr. Vicki Kramer , chief of the health department 's vector-borne disease section . "  Deer mice can get in a hole one-quarter inch in diameter . " In addition to cleaning the 400 camp structures , park officials have said they have increased routine measures to reduce the hantavirus risk . "  You can not eliminate all the mice , " Kramer said . "  There are a lot of people and snacks that people bring into their tents or cabins . " Before this year , Yosemite National Park saw one hantavirus case each in 2000 and 2010 . There is no specific treatment for a hantavirus infection , according to the CDC , but the earlier a patient is brought to intensive care , the better . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	Six Yosemite visitors have been infected ; two have died Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome is a rare but sometimes fatal lung disease Hantavirus is n't communicable between people ; symptoms include fever , aches and fatigue In the U.S , deer mice , cotton rats , rice rats and white-footed mice carry hantavirus
CNN  -- Rumors that Apple is preparing major design changes with iOS 7 continue to heat up , with new reports suggesting a more muted and flat design aesthetic . Last October , Jonathan Ive became responsible not only for the look and feel of Apple hardware , but also its software . By most accounts , Ive is not a fan of the skeuomorphic heavy design cues that currently dominate iOS . While we previously heard rumors that Ive was planning a broad UI  user interface  overhaul with iOS 7 , we did n't have many specific details . Now , 9to5 Mac is reporting that Ive 's look for iOS 7 will be "  black , white and flat all over . " According to 9to5 Mac 's sources , many of the textures currently present in iOS  $ " linen on the notifications panel and leather in the calendar app  $ " will be replaced with flat black and white colors . As for the home screen , apps will no longer have gloss , shadows and shine applied to the icons , but their corners will remain rounded . 9to5 Mac also suggests that apps such as Mail , Calendar and Maps will gain a more unified look . The report suggests that all apps will share a similar white base each with its own unique color scheme . The green felt from Game Center and the wooden shelves from Newsstand have also reportedly been removed . These moves coalesce with more general trends we 've seen in the last 12 to 18 months in mobile and web design . In fact , we 've seen concept videos from fans that mirror many of the rumored changes headed towards iOS . Apple is expected to unveil the new iOS 7 at WWDC 2013 , its developers conference that kicks off June 10 . The big challenge with an iOS overhaul , of course , will be balancing the need for something new with the familiarity the system has with hundreds of millions of users . What do you think of the rumored plans for iOS 7 ? Let us know in the comments . See the original story on Mashable  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple is expected to unveil iOS 7 at its developers conference that kicks off June 10 Blog 9to5 Mac is reporting that Ive 's look for iOS 7 will be "  black , white and flat all over " Apps such as Mail , Calendar and Maps will reportedly gain a more unified look
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . If you 've rewritten that rsum several times and sent out dozens of applications but your job search still shows no promise , you might not be the problem . One frequently overlooked but critical factor in finding a new job is your state 's unemployment rate . You can have the experience and skills of an employer 's dream , but they wo n't do you any good if there just are n't enough jobs available . The unemployment rate is the percentage of job seekers in the work force who are still looking for work . The higher the percentage , the more difficult it is to find a job . The national unemployment rate is 5 percent , based on the most recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics  BLS  . If you 're looking for a job , you should see how your state compares to the rest of the country . Here are the 10 worst states to find work ranked by their unemployment rates . 1 . Michigan Unemployment rate : 7.6 percent Population : 10,071,822 Mean annual wage : $ 41,230 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  18.4 percent  *** 2 . Mississippi Unemployment rate : 6.8 percent Population : 2,918,785 Mean annual wage : $ 30,460 Top industry : Government  21.2 percent 3 . South Carolina Unemployment rate : 6.6 percent Population : 4,407,709 Mean annual wage : $ 33,400 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  19.4 percent 4 . Alaska Unemployment rate : 6.5 percent Population : 683,478 Mean annual wage : $ 43,920 Top industry : Government  25.9 percent 5 . California Unemployment rate : 6.1 percent Population : 36,553,215 Mean annual wage : $ 44,180 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  18.9 percent 6 . District of Columbia Unemployment rate : 6.1 percent Population : 588,292 Mean annual wage : $ 61,500 Top industry : Government  33.3 percent 7 . Ohio Unemployment rate : 6 percent Population : 11,466,917 Mean annual wage : $ 37,360 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  19.3 percent 8 . Arkansas Unemployment rate : 5.9 percent Population : 2,834,797 Mean annual wage : $ 30,870 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  20.6 percent 9 . Nevada Unemployment rate : 5.8 percent Population : 2,565,382 Mean annual wage : $ 36,000 Top industry : Leisure and hospitality  26.5 percent 10 . Kentucky Unemployment rate : 5.7 percent Population : 4,241,474 Mean annual wage : $ 33,490 Top industry : Trade , transportation and utilities  20.4 percent * Unemployment rates , mean annual wages and industry percentages obtained from BLS in January 2008 . Percentages based on nonfarm payrolls , seasonally adjusted . ** Population figures based on U.S. Census Bureau data . *** Top industries are those that employ the largest percentage of a state 's labor force . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	High unemployment rates can handicap job seekers Michigan , Mississippi and South Carolina have highest rates Alaska 's top industry is government
London  CNN  -- The streets of London are paved with Olympic gold . Visa Europe , Dow Chemical and Panasonic branded taxis drive down central London 's Oxford Street , now bedecked with Olympic flags and banners . McDonald 's and BT branded telephone boxes stand on street corners , lit by lamp posts emblazoned with the LOCOG sign of the organizing committee . The business Olympics are well underway . Blog : Olympics : Money spinner or dud ? There are eleven global "  top-tier " sponsors of the games , each paying around $ 100 million for a contract , and 44 other sponsors . These companies are the only ones that can display the London 2012 logo -- or any Olympic branding . The brand police , made up of 280 enforcement officers from the Olympic Delivery Authority , along with a LOCOG brand protection team , will be clamping down on businesses that use pictures of the Olympic rings and words that include "  Olympics , " "  2012 , " "  medals , " "  gold , " and even "  London . " Read also : Is the Olympics worth more than Google ? The $ 100 million price tag to official Olympic sponsorship is well protected , but what will these companies get in return ? According to Luc Bardin , group chief sales and marketing officer of top-tier sponsor BP , the biggest benefit is the association with such a powerful brand . "  Selling petrol is one way in which we express and serve society , but it is by a long distance not the only one , " he said . " -LSB- What 's -RSB- incredibly important is the way in which we are part of this country , in other countries ' lives , and in many villages and communities . " Cadbury is the official "  treat provider " with a sponsorship covering the UK . Norman Brodie , general manager of the Cadbury London 2012 program , agrees with Bardin . "  It makes fantastic business sense if you can use this to excite people , " he said . "  It 's the catalytic property , the transformational property of being a part of the Olympics -- that 's the gold dust , the magic dust and what we have done is sprayed it around . " The Olympics is the second most valuable brand in the world , after Apple , according to a report by Brand Finance . They calculate the Olympic brand is worth more than all of its other major sponsors -- including Samsung , GE and Coca-Cola -- put together . They have valued the Olympics brand at $ 47.6 billion , an 87 % increase since the Beijing Olympics in 2008 . Comment : Olympic sponsorship : Must it be so unhealthy ? David Haigh , chief executive of Brand Finance said , "  Companies will cough up large amounts of money to sponsor sports , events , teams and individuals if they believe they are going to get the money back . " According to Haigh , it is now mainstream for companies to use high level analysis to determine how much of a return they can expect to get from sponsorship of events . "  The Olympics seem to work , " he said , "  and -LSB- those companies -RSB- are getting bigger and bigger budgets . " CNN 's Anna Stewart contributed to this article	The business Olympics are now well under way -- and the streets of London are paved with branding gold There are eleven global "  top-tier " sponsors of the games , each paying around $ 100 million The investments are fiercely protected by branding police The attraction is n't just sales -- it 's being involved in the second most valuable brand in the world
CNN  -- MotoGP 's shining star Marc Marquez has been rapped over the knuckles and "  told to take more care " when riding his bike by the sport 's organisers . Running away with the MotoGP World Championship in his debut season , the 20-year-old Spaniard has been handed a penalty point and his Repsol Honda Team docked their points scored for Marquez 's Aragon Grand Prix victory following his collision with teammate Dani Pedrosa . The pair had been scrapping for second place in the race two weekends ago when Marquez made contact with Pedrosa after misjudging the braking point at Turn 12 . It broke a sensor cable on his fellow Spaniard 's rear wheel and eventually led to Pedrosa crashing out of the race . The latest punishment takes Marquez to three penalty points this season as part of a points system that was introduced at the end of last year . Should the Spaniard pick up another penalty , he will have to start the next grand prix from the back of the grid . The penalty was dished out following a half-hour meeting with race direction , both riders and team management at the Sepang International Circuit , which will host Sunday 's Malaysian Grand Prix . "  We are sending a message to Marc , very clearly , " said race director Mike Webb . "  We understand that he is an extremely talented rider but he is also intelligent enough to understand there has to be some margin for error -- especially , as we have seen a number of times this year , under braking when the rider behind has the responsibility of not getting too close to the rider in front who is riding his own lines . "  For us , that is a signal  even though the contact itself was quite minor  to make a formal warning by way of a penalty point to Marc to say he has to take more care . " Repsol Honda Team boss Livio Suppo admitted the team penalty was down to what was considered a safety lapse -- the failure of their traction-control system and the back-up unit , which , along with contact with Marquez , caused the Pedrosa crash . "  We need to think about it and see whether we have to make an appeal or not , " said Suppo . As for the Marquez penalty , Suppo added : "  Marc has been penalized with one point on his license . "  That means there is no consequence for this race . Basically , they said that in this case it was more or less OK but they are taking Marc 's whole season into consideration and he has been close to touching the rider in front of him on more than one occasion . "  The message was basically , ` this time it was OK but realize that you have been doing this quite often ' . "	Marquez handed penalty after collision with Pedrosa at Aragon Grand Prix MotoGP championship leader takes 2013 penalty count to three after incident Repsol Honda Team docked 25 manufacturer points after traction-control failure Team boss Livio Suppo considering whether to appeal that decision
Canada 's largest airline announced Monday it has suspended flights to and from Venezuela capital Caracas as violent protests continue in the country . "  Due to ongoing civil unrest in Venezuela , Air Canada can no longer ensure the safety of its operation and has suspended flights to Caracas until further notice , " said the airline in a statement . Air Canada said its last flight departed Caracas on Sunday , March 16 . Prior to the suspension , Air Canada operated three return flights per week between Toronto and Caracas . The airline said customers holding tickets for later flights will receive a refund . "  Air Canada will continue to monitor the situation and will evaluate the re-introduction of flights with the objective of resuming operations on the route once Air Canada is satisfied that the situation in Venezuela has stabilized , " said the statement . For more than a month demonstrators have been clashing with security forces in Venezuela , marking the biggest threat President Nicolas Maduro has faced since his election last year . Students and other anti-government protestors are unhappy with Venezuela 's economy and rising crime . Despite being one of the world 's top 10 oil-producing countries , more than 25 % of Venezuelans live below the poverty line . More than 20 people have been killed during the demonstrations , according to government figures . IATA : Venezuela not playing by the rules Air Canada 's cancellation of its Caracas services comes amid a financial dispute between airlines and Venezuela 's government . International Air Transport Association 's CEO Tony Tyler said in a speech March 12 that the Venezuelan government is stopping airlines from repatriating around $ 3.7 billion in earnings . For several months , airlines have reportedly been unable to access money earned in ticket sales in Venezuela due to the company 's tight currency controls . Ecuadorean flag carrier Tame suspended flights to Venezuela for three days in January over blocked payments . "  It is unacceptable that the Venezuelan government is not playing by the rules to which it is treaty bound , " said Tyler . "  The impact of this blocked cash is quite easily seen when you consider that airlines this year will only make $ 18.7 billion globally . Of course this is cash and not pure profit . "  Airlines certainly can not sustain operations indefinitely if they ca n't get paid . I have written to President Maduro asking for his urgent attention to this issue . " According to a report by Venezuela 's Spanish-language daily el Nacional , Maduro told reporters on March 14 that any airline that pulls its operations from the country will not be allowed to return while he 's in power .	Citing safety concerns , Air Canada suspended all flights to Venezuela Violent clashes between opposition demonstrators and government forces ongoing for over a month IATA CEO says Venezuelan government blocking airlines from repatriating $ 3.7 billion
CNN  -- A combination of old and new hooked up off the coast of San Diego Monday to give the U.S. Navy a glimpse into its future . The moment was the first arrested landing aboard an aircraft carrier for the military 's new Joint Strike Fighter , the F-35C Lightning II . An arrested landing means the jet was brought to a stop using a tailhook grabbing a wire stretched across the carrier 's deck . The wire is attached to a gear system that brings the plane to a stop . "  This will be one landing out of thousands more that will happen over the next few decades , " Lt. Gen. Chris Bogdan , executive officer of the Pentagon 's F-35 program , said in a statement . Monday 's landing came aboard the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz , the oldest active carrier in the Navy 's fleet . "  I 'm very excited to see America 's newest aircraft on the flight deck of her oldest aircraft carrier , " said Navy Cmdr. Tony Wilson , the test pilot who landed the F-35C aboard the Nimitz . Carrier turns donor : USS Enterprise gives anchor to USS Lincoln Tests of the F-35C aboard the carrier will continue for a few weeks , the Navy said . It is expected to be operational in the Navy 's carrier air fleet in 2018 , joining F/A -18 E/F Super Hornets , EA-18G Growler electronic attack aircraft , E-2D Hawkeye control aircraft , MH-60R / S helicopters and Carrier Onboard Delivery logistics aircraft , according to a Navy statement . The F-35C is just one version of the aircraft that the Pentagon has developed for use by the Marines and Air Force as well . The F-35B , the Marine Corps version , is equipped with short take-off and vertical landing capability and began testing aboard the amphibious assault ship USS Wasp in 2011 . The F-35 was developed at a cost of nearly $ 400 billion so far and beset for years by cost overruns and delays . The plane 's primary contractor , Lockheed Martin , puts the cost of each F-35C -- the most expensive of the three versions -- at $ 116 million , not including the engine . The company says on its website that the price has dropped 55 % since the initial planes were contracted . Engine manufacturer Pratt & Whitney said last month it has been awarded a contract worth just over $ 1 billion for a batch of 48 engines for the F-35 . The Pentagon ultimately wants more than 2,400 of the fighter jets , while hundreds more are expected over time to go to allies such as South Korea , Japan and Australia . More than 100 planes have been built so far , most for testing , but the program is still in its development and training phases . The jets were temporarily grounded earlier this year following a fire on the runway at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida . No one was hurt . The military says the stealth fighter will be "  the most affordable , lethal , supportable and survivable aircraft ever to be used " by so many services worldwide . Navy 's future : Electric guns , lasers , water as fuel	An F-35C lands aboard the USS Nimitz The Navy hopes to have the jet operational by 2018 Variants of the F-35 are also in the works for the Air Force and Marines
Mental Floss  -- Through the years , there have been many unforgettable and sometimes unfortunate hairstyles . Recording artist Travis Barker of Blink 182 was topped by a mohawk at an event in 2005 . 1  MOHAWKS The Style : Originally sported by warriors of various Native American tribes , the hairstyle was adopted by a squad of the U.S. Army 's bad-to-the-bone 101st Airborne Division during World War II , before being commandeered by punk rockers in the 1970s . The Story : Up until a few years ago , no one would have questioned the mohawk 's roots . However , in 2003 , an Irish peat harvester made a discovery that would change the hairstyle 's history forever -- a 2,300-year-old corpse , remarkably well preserved by the unique chemistry of a peat bog , sporting a bonafide ` hawk . The Shocker : The ancient Irish punker , dubbed Clonycavan Man , had gel in his hair , which archaeologists determined was made from vegetable oil mixed with a resin from southwestern France or Spain . Imported hair product ? Today , scientists are still working hard to determine whether Clony was a prehistoric punker or just an Iron Age metrosexual . 2  POMPADOURS The Style : If the word brings to mind images of pink Cadillacs and bouffant ` dos , you 're on the right track . But in the same way America borrowed rock 'n' roll from the blues and method acting from the Russians , the key to those 1950s locks lies in 18th-century France . The Story : The Marquise de Pompadour was King Louis XV 's ber-fashionable mistress , and her elaborately teased , upswept hair was imitated by high-society women throughout the country . While 20th-century pompadours were considerably tinier than those of its namesake 's , the modern version claims one definitive advantage : technology . Where today 's science has yielded hair wax , putty , glue , and paste to cement them into place , pomps of yore depended on beef tallow , bear grease , and other artery-cloggers . The Shocker : Not surprisingly , slathering one 's hair with animal remains tended to attract animals  insects and other nasties  , which occasionally turned the original pompadour into , quite literally , a rats ' nest . 3  BEEHIVES The Style : Speaking of rats ' nests  and the Marquise de Pompadour , for that matter  , the beehive of the 1960s is itself a 200-year throwback to the 1760s Big Hair Days . The Story : There 's more to those 18th-century bouffant styles than meets the eye . Whereas the modern beehive is nicknamed "  the B-52 " for its uncanny resemblance to the B-52 bomber 's distinctive nose , Marie Antoinette and her gal pals stowed actual warships in their hair -- or at least miniature replicas of them . The Shocker : Like precursors to the Cracker Jack box , these 18th-century ` dos served as treasure troves , housing exotic prizes like tiny caged birds , cupid dolls , and other bulky curios . Of course , not every hairdo was a winner . When millions of hungry peasants revolutionized France , the over-the-top hairstyle quickly fell out of fashion -- landing in that little basket just below the guillotine . 4  QUEUES The Style : When the Manchu invaded China in the 17th century , they brought over a killer fashion trend killer as in , adopt it or else . The Story : The Manchu sported the queue , a shaved-in-front , ponytail-in-the-back haircut , and forced the Han Chinese to do the same . The effect ? Quite a lot of protest . The Shocker : While much of China eventually submitted to the do-or-die trend , many thousands bravely chose to keep their hair -- and lose their heads . So what was the big deal with getting a little shave ? Aside from the queue not being such a flattering cut  even compared to , say , the mullet  , it also happened to be against the religion of millions of long-haired Confucian Chinese , who believe that one 's skin and hair are sacred . 5  MULLETS The Style : A fad gone bad or the most reviled haircut in history ? Popularized by David Bowie and others during the glam ` ol days of the 1970s , the mullet was adopted  and expanded voluminously upon  in the 1980s by hard rockers and their headbanging army of fans . As hair metal gave way to grunge and alternative music in the early 1990s , a term was coined to describe those who still clung to the headbangers ' signature cut -- "  mullet heads . " The Story : According to the Oxford English Dictionary , which inducted "  mullet " into its venerable lexicon in 2001 , the word  as it refers to a hairstyle  was "  apparently coined , and certainly popularized , by U.S. hip-hop group the Beastie Boys " in their 1995 song "  Mullet Head . " The Shocker : Since making it into the OED , ridicule of the bemulleted has grown increasingly vocal and , judging from a random sampling of anti-mullet Web sites , rather virulent . The mullet is the one haircut Americans love to hate -- and give funny names to . To list a few : The Tennessee Top Hat , The Kentucky Waterfall , and The Camaro Crash Helmet . Our personal favorite , however , is The Missouri Compromise , which manages to reference both the haircut 's "  business in the front , party in the back " policy , as well as the shameful Compromise of 1820 , which regulated slavery in developing U.S. territories . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Army 's 101st Airborne Division wore mohawks during World War II The mullet may be the most reviled haircut in history Mullet nicknames : Tennessee Top Hat , Kentucky Waterfall Grease held original pompadours in place
The Orange love their red cups , according to the Princeton Review , which on Monday named Syracuse University the top party school in the nation . "  I 'm excited about it , " said Matt McGee , a junior information technology and philosophy major from Cape Cod , Massachusetts . "  I was definitely a little surprised , but it 's a cool title to have . " The university administration does not share his joy . "  Syracuse University has a long-established reputation for academic excellence with programs that are nationally and internationally the best in their fields , " the school said in a statement on its website . "  We do not aspire to be a party school . " Rounding out the top five schools were last year 's winner , the University of Iowa ; University of California-Santa Barbara ; West Virginia University ; and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . And apparently , the title means something . PJ Grund , who is set to begin his final semester at the University of Iowa this fall , told CNN that he and his fellow Hawkeyes were quite aware of being the "  No. 1 party school " and frequently bragged about it . University of Iowa has ranked among the top five schools for four years straight . "  We took pride in it , " he said . "  It 's always nice to know that your school has a good atmosphere and you want a fun campus to be on . " "  Win or lose , Hawks still booze , " he said , quoting a popular saying . However , Grund and other University of Iowa students stressed the title also had a negative connotation for parents , administration and people from other schools . And they said it frequently distracted from the first-class education they received in Iowa City . Liz Lindeman graduated this spring from the university with a degree in social work . "  It was the best four years of my life , " she said . "  But when you have a reputation as a party school , you also want your school to have a good reputation for education as well . " "  I 'm also going to be a professional . " McGee said he understood those concerns , as well as school officials ' disappointment , and said he worried that "  partying would overshadow Syracuse 's academic success . " However , this has n't stopped some current students from being overjoyed . McGee said the only worry is that school administration will overcompensate with disciplinary action to limit student enjoyment . "  The second the news broke , everyone was pretty pumped , " he said . "  I 've never seen anything chaotic and do n't really think the school needs to do more to limit partying . ... It 's pretty controlled . " The title now rests in the East , but Lindeman does n't expect Syracuse to hold onto it long . Frankly , she sees Midwestern schools as the collegiate party capital of America . "  There 's something about the Midwest , " she said . "  I guess we have nothing else to do . "	Syracuse tops Princeton Review 's yearly list of the nation 's top party schools In a statement , Syracuse says it 's disappointed , but one student says the title is "  cool " "  Win or lose , Hawks still booze , " says a student of former No. 1 University of Iowa
CNN  -- The outlook for the underequipped members of the Syrian opposition appeared to brighten Thursday on the eve of a Friends of Syria meeting in Tunisia . Diplomatic sources told CNN that a number of Arab nations are supplying arms to the Syrian opposition . The sources would n't identify which countries . In London , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton predicted the opposition will find willing sources to supply them with munitions to counter the Syrian government onslaught blamed for thousands of deaths since last March . "  There will be increasingly capable opposition forces , " she said Thursday . "  They will find somewhere , somehow the means to defend themselves , as well as begin offensive measures and the pressure will build on Russia and China . World opinion is not going to stand idly by . " Russia and China both vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have condemned the Syrian government for attacking its people . Also Thursday , U.S. officials told CNN they are considering providing the opposition with nonlethal aid -- such as secure radio communications and training . That is a step beyond what the Obama administration was saying Tuesday , when it was still clinging to the hope that political solutions would end the bloodshed . "  We do n't believe that it makes sense to contribute now to the further militarization of Syria , what we do n't want to see is the spiral of violence increase , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . "  That said , if we ca n't get Assad to yield to the pressure that we are all bringing to bear , we may have to consider additional measures . " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu has recently suggested that , beyond humanitarian aid and diplomatic solutions , "  we need to think about contingencies as well . " Both the U.S. military and intelligence community have expressed concern about providing arms to an opposition whose composition is unclear . The 70-plus countries and international organizations gathering Friday in Tunis are expected to unveil a plan for delivering emergency aid to the Syrian people and issue a stern warning to President Bashar al-Assad . They want him to agree to an immediate cease-fire and provide access to humanitarian groups to deliver the aid or face a yet-to-be mentioned response from the world community . A draft of the document , shared with CNN , calls on "  the Syrian government to implement an immediate cease-fire and to allow free and unimpeded access by the United Nations and humanitarian agencies to carry out a full assessment of needs in Homs and other areas . " Diplomats cautioned the draft was subject to change . What 's more , the communiqu  will recognize the opposition Syrian National Council , members of which will be at the session , as a credible representative of the Syrian people . The United States insists it will not provide weapons to the Syrian opposition , and will leave it to others who have expressed an interest in doing so . Nobody told Washington they armed the Libyans and officials said they expect the same nod-wink in Syria . Neither Russia , which is a Soviet-era ally and arms dealer to Syria , nor China is participating . Preparations for the Tunis meeting coincided with the release Thursday of a U.N. report that identifies Syrian commanders and high-ranking officials who may be responsible for "  widespread , systematic and gross human rights violations " and apparent crimes against humanity . The violations have been conducted with the "  apparent knowledge and consent " of the country 's "  highest levels , " the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic says . Thousands have died in Syria since mid-March of 2011 , when the government launched a crackdown against protesters . At least 101 deaths were reported Thursday , including 14 children and a soldier killed when he refused to open fire on people , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Seventeen unidentified corpses were found in a military prison in the Zawiya Mountain area of Idlib province , the group said . Residents told the LCC they believe it 's likely most of these unidentified bodies were of soldiers who had defected . Opposition forces reported more shelling of Homs , the 20th consecutive day of attacks on the besieged city at the center of resistance . On Thursday , the United Nations announced the appointment of former Secretary-General Kofi Annan as joint special envoy of the United Nations and Arab League on the Syrian crisis . Annan will be tackling an environment described by the U.N. commission report as one in which most of the citizenry is "  in a state of disarray . " "  The government has manifestly failed in its responsibility to protect the population , " the report says . "  Anti-government armed groups have also committed abuses , although not comparable in scale and organization with those carried out by the state . " Meanwhile , Britain and France demanded Syrian President Bashar al-Assad cease attacks against Homs so three journalists can receive medical care , even as reports emerged Thursday of renewed shelling in the flashpoint city . The journalists were in Homs to document attacks by al-Assad 's forces when they were wounded in shelling , which also killed American reporter Marie Colvin and French photographer Remi Ochlik . Al-Assad has denied targeting civilians , saying his forces are after "  terrorists " and foreign fighters bent on destabilizing Syria . Evidence that civilians are being killed by government forces has been documented by citizen journalists who post their work on social media websites and YouTube . The opposition reports the death toll exceeds 9,000 . CNN and other media outlets often can not independently verify opposition or government reports because the Syrian regime has severely limited access to the country by foreign journalists . The Syrian Foreign Ministry denied Syria was responsible for the deaths on Wednesday of two journalists "  who infiltrated its territory on their own , " according to a banner on Syrian state TV . The British Foreign Office summoned Sami Khiyami , the Syrian ambassador to the United Kingdom , and Political Director Sir Geoffrey Adams said Syria was expected to facilitate the return of the bodies of the two journalists and to provide medical treatment to British photographer Paul Conroy . Conroy and French reporter Edith Bouvier of Le Figaro were wounded in the shelling in the Homs neighborhood of Baba Amr . Bouvier said in a YouTube video that she needed immediate medical treatment . "  My leg is broken , the length of my femur . I need to be operated on as quickly as possible , the doctors have treated me as best as they can except they can not perform any surgical operations , so I need as quickly as possible , during a cease-fire , a car with medical equipment or at least in good condition to take me to Lebanon to be treated as quickly as possible , " she said . Dr. Mohammed Al-Mohammed , who has been treating the wounded journalists in Baba Amr , said Bouvier was in critical condition and Conroy had been moved to a "  safe house , " which the physician said was a misnomer . "  The problem is that we do n't have a safe place , anywhere secure , in Baba Amr , " Al-Mohammed told CNN Thursday in an telephone interview . He bemoaned the lack of medical supplies . "  We just have the basics , " he said . "  I have to admit , all very primitive . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Hamdi Alkhshali , Brian Walker , Arwa Damon , Hala Gorani , Tom Watkins and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Arab nations providing arms to opposition , sources say At least 101 people were killed in Syria on Thursday , opposition group says Ex-U.N. chief Kofi Annan will be the U.N. envoy to Syria China and Russia wo n't attend conference in Tunisia on Syrian crisis
CNN  -- One of the most highly anticipated apps for Apple devices was made available on Wednesday . At least , until it was n't . Google announced a Gmail app for the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch that was designed to make it easier for the service 's more than 190 million users to navigate their mail . "  We check email pretty much everywhere these days , " Google content manager Matthew Izatt wrote on the Gmail blog . "  And when we do , we want easy access to our important messages so we can respond quickly and get back to life -- or slinging birds at thieving green pigs . " Users of Apple 's operating system could already access Gmail through a mobile site or set it up as their default e-mail account . But the new app promised a smoother experience with a host of new features . The tech blogosphere was delighted . "  Go get the iPhone app for Gmail ! " popular blogger Robert Scoble wrote on his Google + page . Then , a few minutes passed . "  UPDATE : DO NOT . The Gmail app is really a piece of crud , " he wrote . "  Not worth loading . Very disappointed . " Google had obviously already noticed what Scoble did . Shortly after it was unveiled , the app was pulled from the Apple Store . "  The iOS app we launched today contained a bug with notifications , " Google posted on its Gmail Twitter account . "  We have pulled the app to fix the problem . Sorry we messed up . " Later , a fuller explanation was added to the original blog post . "  Earlier today we launched a new Gmail app for iOS , " Google posted . "  Unfortunately , it contained a bug which broke notifications and caused users to see an error message when first opening the app . We 've removed the app while we correct the problem , and we 're working to bring you a new version soon . Everyone who 's already installed the app can continue to use it . " The app ... at least the fully working version of it ... will send push notifications and sound cues when new messages are received , search your inbox for an e-mail , autocomplete e-mail addresses and upload photos to messages . It will also feature the same Priority Inbox that Gmail 's Web version has and add a new mobile interface that will allow users to navigate their inbox more quickly with touch controls . There was no word from Google Wednesday afternoon as to when the fixed app might be back up .	Gmail mobile app is released , then pulled , from Apple 's online store The app was made available for the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch Google said bugs broke the app 's notification system and caused error messages No word on when fixed Gmail app will be released
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Prince Harry has been withdrawn from Afghanistan because of the media 's disclosure of his deployment there , the British Ministry of Defense said Friday . Prince Harry 's tour of duty in Afghanistan has ended following media reports of his deployment . The prince had been deployed to Afghanistan since December . Major news outlets agreed to keep the information secret for security reasons , but a Web site broke the news blackout Thursday , prompting the British military to withdraw the prince for security reasons . "  This decision has been taken primarily on the basis that the worldwide media coverage of Prince Harry in Afghanistan could impact on the security of those who are deployed there , as well as the risks to him as an individual soldier , " the Ministry of Defense said in a statement issued Friday . The ministry termed "  regrettable " the decision of "  elements of the foreign media " to reveal Prince Harry 's service in Afghanistan . "  Whilst it had been intended that Prince Harry should return in a matter of weeks with the remainder of the Household Cavalry Regiment Battlegroup , " the ministry said , "  the situation has now clearly changed . " Watch Prince Harry head home " The British Ministry of Defense confirmed to CNN that Harry was en route late Friday from Afghanistan to Great Britain . Gen. Richard Dannatt , the chief of Britain 's General Staff , said in a statement released Thursday that he judged it safe to send the prince to Afghanistan -- so long as the media did n't reveal his location . "  I am very disappointed that foreign Web sites have decided to run this story without consulting us , " Dannatt said . "  It was my judgment that with an understanding with the media not to broadcast his whereabouts , the risk in  deploying him to Afghanistan  was manageable . " British Defense Secretary Des Browne said Friday that Prince Harry was able to deploy to Afghanistan only "  because of the cooperation of the media , who exercised a degree of discipline and I think that they should be commended for the fact that they have allowed him that space and time so we could manage the risks associated with that . " Watch the prince 's redeeming tour of duty " He added , "  It is disappointing that the story has broken in the way in which it did . " Withdrawing Prince Harry from Afghanistan was "  a decision that has been made by the defense staff , and I think everybody will respect that to be the right decision , " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Friday . "  What matters is the safety of Prince Harry . " He added , "  I think the whole country owes Prince Harry a debt of gratitude for his service , his courage , his bravery , under the most difficult of circumstances in Afghanistan . " The 23-year-old prince holds the rank of cornet -- equivalent to a second lieutenant -- and serves as a forward air controller with a group called Joint Tactical Air Control , or JTAC . "  At the end of the day I like to sort of be a normal person , and for once I think this is about as normal as I 'm ever going to get , " he said in a recent interview . "  As far as I 'm concerned , I 'm out here as a normal JTAC on the ground and not as Prince Harry . " Watch reaction to Prince Harry 's withdrawal " Queen Elizabeth II , who was visiting an elderly care home in Windsor on Friday , acknowledged a resident 's compliment of her grandson . "  Can I say to you , ma'am , I 'm very proud of Harry , Prince Harry , of the job he 's doing , " said the man , a former soldier who was not identified . Because of the unique circumstances of the deployment , CNN , as well as other news organizations , chose to honor an embargo requested by the military . His duties included calling in airstrikes and air support when necessary , guaranteeing the accuracy of bombing on the ground and guarding against incidents of friendly fire . Prince Harry is the younger son of Prince Charles , the heir to the British throne , and the late Princess Diana , who died in a Paris car crash in 1997 . Last year , the military ruled he could not be sent to Iraq because publicity about the deployment could put him and his unit at risk . But Dannatt said the experience has demonstrated "  that it is perfectly possible for Prince Harry to be employed just the same as other Army officers of his rank and experience . " "  His conduct on operations in Afghanistan has been exemplary , " the general said . "  He has been fully involved in operations and has run the same risks as everyone else in his battle group . In common with all of his generation in the army today , he is a credit to the nation . " Shortly after the news of the prince 's deployment broke , several Islamist Web sites posted messages alerting their "  brethren " in Afghanistan to be on the lookout for the royal soldier . "  O brothers of monotheism , if you find anyone with unusual security in his battalion , know that this could be the Prince Harry . We ask God that he gets caught on your hands , " one such posting read . Several members of the British royal family saw combat in the past century . Prince Harry 's grandfather , Prince Phillip , served aboard warships in World War II ; his great-grandfather -- the future King George VI -- took part in the World War I naval battle of Jutland ; and Prince Andrew , Prince Harry 's uncle , flew Navy helicopters during Britain 's 1982 war with Argentina over the Falkland Islands . Prince Harry 's brother , Prince William , is also an army officer . But as second in line for the throne , he is specifically barred from combat . The last sitting British monarch to lead troops in battle was George II , who defeated a French force at the Battle of Dettingen in 1743 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : British officials confirm that Prince Harry on his way back to UK Decision was made to pull prince from Afghanistan amid fears for safety Breaking of a news embargo has put the prince at risk , UK military said Islamist Web sites have alerted militants to capture the prince
CNN  -- A day after 16 died in an accident at a concert in South Korea , a man responsible for safety measures was found also dead , the country 's semi-official news agency reported . It was an apparent suicide . On Friday , a ventilation grate gave way , and more than two dozen people standing on it plunged some 20 meters  66 feet  -- or four stories -- into an underground parking structure below , a government accident response task force said . In addition to the deaths , eleven people were injured , three seriously . On Saturday , the body of the 37-year-old safety official was found on a street near his office , Yonhap news agency reported , citing police . They think he jumped to his death . He left a brief message on his Facebook page . "  I apologize to the victims . I 'm sorry to my family . " On Friday , Prime Minister Chung Hong-won inspected the gaping concrete hole that swallowed up concertgoers . Some media reports indicate the victims were standing on the grate in order to get a better view of the stage . A witness told CNN affiliate YTN , "  There was a sudden , loud screaming and when I turned , it looked as if people were being sucked down into a hole . " About 700 people were attending the concert , which featured South Korean artists , including the popular all-female group 4Minute , Yonhap reported . A ferry sinking in April killed more than 300 people , many of them schoolchildren , and caused nationwide outrage . Critics contend safety measures and regulation are not keeping pace with the fast-paced economic development in the country . CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	The official handled safety at a concert , where an accident killed 16 on Friday A ventilation shaft gave way , dropping more than two dozen concert goers four stories The man was found dead on Saturday He posted a message to Facebook apologizing to the victims and his family
CNN  -- It was a sea rescue made for Hollywood : A horse in a photo shoot on a Southern California beach gets spooked and runs into the water , only to be rescued after swimming more than two miles offshore . That 's what happened to a 7-year-old white Arabian named William , said Santa Barbara Harbor Patrol Officer Ryan Kelly . The drama unfolded Tuesday about 6:30 p.m. when the horse bolted from the beach in Summerland , just south of Santa Barbara , and ran into the ocean . "  The initial call came in as a missing horse , " Kelly said . Several more calls followed about a horse swimming out to sea . Rescue personnel from the nearby Carpenteria Fire Department , along with state lifeguards , took to the water to search for the horse , and a helicopter was launched by Santa Barbara County 's search and rescue team . William was spotted more than two miles offshore in the Santa Barbara Channel , swimming toward oil rigs , according to an incident report . "  Firefighters were able to hook the animal 's reins with a boat hook and bring it alongside a paddleboat , " the report said . Floats were put under its neck to help keep its head above water . Photos and video taken of the rescue show Kelly and others placing a tow line under the horse 's saddle and securing it to the boat . Harbor patrol personnel and lifeguards appeared to take turns holding the horse 's head up . "  It took about two-and-a-half hours to escort the horse back to dry land and into the hands of a vet , " Kelly said . The horse was taken to an animal clinic in the area and released back to the owner . CNN 's Irving Last contributed to this report .	A 7-year-old Arabian horse named William got spooked and ran into the water , rescuers say The horse was found swimming more than two miles offshore , a rescuer says Rescue teams spent more than two hours trying to get the horse to land
CNN  -- Sudanese billionaire and communications mogul Mo Ibrahim has issued a warning to African leaders clinging to power , saying people are no longer prepared to put up with bad governance on the continent . Ibrahim says the face of Africa has changed and the Arab Spring has shown the world that the younger generation are not afraid to demand change . "  There 's a lot of African people who are educated and well informed and that 's a better generation than ours and those people wont take nonsense , " he said . "  These are the people that went out in Tahrir Square , Tunis and Libya and bred havoc , " he added . The businessman 's remarks come as his foundation awards its annual prize for good governance and leadership in Africa . It has been two years since the Mo Ibrahim Foundation has awarded the accolade , which goes to candidates based on their "  exercise of leadership and the performance of their country during their time in office , " according to the Mo Ibrahim Foundation website . The committee , made up of former leaders and Nobel Prize winners , said that there had been no worthy candidates in the previous two years . "  They have a strict criteria , this is not a pension , this is a prize for excellence in leadership , it 's not easy , " said Ibrahim . Former Cape Verde President , Pedro Verona Pires , who stepped down in August after 10 years in power , was recognized this year . The group said that the leader had turned the cluster of islands off the West African coast into "  a model of democracy , stability and increased prosperity . " The chair of the prize committee , Salim Ahmed Salim , said . "  Under his 10 years as president , the nation became only the second African country to graduate from the United Nation 's Least Developed category and has won international recognition for its record on human rights and good governance . " The Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership is one of the world 's most valuable individual prizes . Ibrahim made a fortune in the cell phone industry , established the foundation bearing his name in 2006 . Previous winners include Mozambique 's former President , Joaquim Chissano and Botswana 's President , Festus Mogae . The $ 5 million award is paid over 10 years and $ 200,000 annually for life thereafter . The Foundation will also consider funding good causes supported by the laureate . Ibrahim says the prize is needed as leaders in African countries can sometimes be tempted to hang on to power for monetary reasons . He says he had to start the foundation because leaders were not doing the job they were supposed to do . President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo of Equatorial Guinea and Angola 's President Jose Eduardo Dos Santos are two of the longest running leaders in Africa . Both have been head of their respective countries for 32 years . While Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has been in power for 31 years since 1980 . The foundation uses an 84-criteria index to grade governance in Africa . The top-governed African nations , according to the index , are Mauritius , Cape Verde , Seychelles , Botswana and South Africa . But while there may not have been an award in the previous two years , Ibrahim predicts the foundation will be giving out more money in the future . "  I think the quality of leaders coming to Africa now are really improving a lot and what is important in Africa is the rise in civil society , " he said . "  The pressure from civil society , I 'm sure is going to bring forward and produce more and more wonderful leaders for our future , " he continued . The hope of the foundation is to help the continent move towards greater democracy and peaceful transitions of power . However , Ibrahim believes that the game is up for leaders who cling to power for 30 to 40-years . His cites Libya 's former leader for 41-years , Moammar Gaddafi , as an example . "  The message is clear to all this kind of generation of leadership : gentlemen time is up , " he said . "  Please retire , otherwise Tahrir square is coming to your country . "	Sudanese mogul Mo Ibrahim warns long-running leaders that continent has changed Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership was not awarded for two years running Former Cape Verde President , Pedro Verona Pires won prize this year
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- For the second time in two days , a deadly blast shook a northwest Pakistani city as worshippers marked the sacred holiday of Ashura . The explosion occurred near a Shiite Muslim procession in Dera Ismail Khan . The bomb was planted inside a bicycle repair shop , killing five people and injuring more than 70 others , said Mian Iftikahr Hussain , the provincial information minister . A spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban said the group was behind Sunday 's bombing on the procession and warned of more attacks . A day earlier , the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for a blast that killed seven people , including three children , during a Shiite religious procession in the same city Saturday . That bomb was planted in a garbage container and exploded as the last section of the procession , in which children were following adults , was passing by , police spokesman Khalid Sohail said . Eighteen people , including five children and two police officials , were wounded in Saturday 's attack . The spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , Ihsanullah Ihsan , said the group would continue "  its mission " and attack Shiite Ashura processions across Pakistan . Pakistan has been on high alert because of the two-day holiday of Ashura , in which believers mourn the death of a key imam from the 7th century . The government increased security for the Ashura observance . Taliban claim blasts killing dozens in Pakistan Shia Islam is a minority sect in the mainly Sunni Muslim country , and its members face persecution from extremists . The Pakistani Taliban took responsibility for similar attacks earlier this week . Interior Minister Rehman Malik temporarily blocked cell phone services in cities , where gathered intelligence indicated the possibility of bombs detonated by cell phone . He also banned motor bikes , often used to conceal bombs , for two days in some cities . Malik said the safeguards were specifically meant to protect Shiites . Pakistan Taliban threaten to target India after execution of Mumbai attacker Despite heightened security , at least 31 people were killed and 68 wounded in multiple bomb attacks Wednesday . A Taliban spokesman said those attacks targeted Shiites , whom the terrorists believe denigrate the Prophet Mohammed with their religious observance . Ashura commemorates the death of the Prophet Mohammed 's grandson , killed in the Battle of Karbala in 680 AD . The battle and subsequent death of Imam Hussein caused the split between Shiite and Sunni Muslims .	NEW : The Pakistani Taliban say they are behind Sunday 's bombing Shiite Muslims have been marking the sacred holiday of Ashura The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for an earlier fatal attack The terrorist group has vowed to attack Shiite Ashura processions across Pakistan
CNN  -- Mark Hasse "  had an absolute passion for putting away bad guys , and he enjoyed nothing better , " his boss said . Now investigators are looking into whether that passion led to Hasse being gunned down outside his office in Kaufman , Texas , where he was an assistant district attorney . Hasse was killed in the parking lot of the Kaufman County courthouse Thursday morning , shot several times after "  a very small , very short confrontation , " Police Chief Chris Aulbaugh said . "  It was apparent that he was not expecting to have anything happen , " Aulbaugh said . "  He was on his way to his office . " Investigators are looking into whether Hasse 's killing was retribution for any of the prosecutions he led , Aulbaugh said , "  but we ca n't say we 're confident that that 's where it came from . " District Attorney Mike McLelland called Hasse "  a stellar prosecutor " who knew that threats were part of the job , and he vowed to put away the "  scum " who killed his assistant . "  I hope that the people that did this are watching , because we 're very confident that we 're going to find you , " McLelland said at a news conference Thursday afternoon . "  We 're going to pull you out of whatever hole you 're in , we 're going to bring you back and let the people of Kaufman County prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law . " Hasse was one of 13 prosecuting attorneys in Kaufman County , each of whom handled between 380 and 390 cases , McLelland said . "  He was a lot of fun . He was the premier storyteller of the office . He had lots of stories to tell , " including surviving the crash of a World War II aircraft that left him in a coma , "  caved in half his skull " and cost him his sense of smell . "  It was five kinds of miracles he survived that , " McLelland said . There have been no arrests , and Aulbaugh and other officials who addressed reporters Thursday afternoon appealed to the public for help . The local CrimeStoppers group and a Kaufman businessman have put up a total of $ 20,000 in reward money for information leading to a conviction , Aulbaugh said . The Texas Rangers , the FBI and agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives have joined the manhunt , and "  we are in the process of running down many leads right now , " he said . Kaufman County sheriff 's spokeswoman Pat Laney said investigators are looking for an older-model , four-door sedan , either brown or silver , but it was n't clear whether there were one or two suspects Thursday afternoon , Laney said . "  We have officers going over all of this case , " she said . "  Nothing has been identified yet that could have prompted this assault . " CNN 's Michael Martinez , Rich Phillips , Marlena Baldacci , Nick Valencia and John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : A "  very short confrontation " came before the shooting , police chief says "  We 're going to pull you out of whatever hole you 're in , " district attorney vows Mark Hasse was an assistant district attorney in Kaufman County , east of Dallas He was shot and killed while getting out of his car
CNN  -- The recent drought has ruined millions of acres of farmland in Texas , turning lakes into mud puddles , but in the East Texas city of Nacogdoches , authorities say , the drought may have done something good : Unearthed a piece of the space shuttle Columbia . The object , which is about 4 feet in diameter , was found in a local lake . NASA says it is a tank that provides power and water for shuttle missions . "  It 's one of ours , " said Lisa Malone , a spokeswoman for the agency . Malone added that NASA is trying to develop a plan to recover the item , but it could take weeks to get it . "  We 're looking into whether we 'll send a team out or local authorities can , " Malone said . Authorities say the object was found after the drought caused the waters to recede in Lake Nacogdoches , and they notified representatives from NASA on Friday . "  The lower water level has exposed a larger than normal area on the northern side of the lake , " said Sgt. Greg Sowell of the Nacogdoches Police Department . The item is full of mud and is in a remote area near a private shoreline , Sowell said . Nacogdoches made headlines in 2003 when debris from the shuttle Columbia disaster was found there . The spacecraft broke up while re-entering Earth 's atmosphere near the end of its mission on February 1 , 2003 . "  We want to remind everyone that the rules are the same as they were back in 2003 . If this object is indeed a part of the shuttle , it is government property , and it is a criminal offense to tamper with it , " Sowell said . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The object is a tank that provides power and water for shuttle missions It was found after drought caused lake waters to recede Columbia broke up while re-entering atmosphere in 2003
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , in negotiations with the African Union , has agreed in principal to a deal that would end the conflict in the nation he 's ruled for 42 years , South African President Jacob Zuma told reporters Sunday . Negotiations remained under way Sunday night between Gadhafi and the African Union delegation . Details of the agreement were not available , though it is believed to include an immediate ceasefire in the nearly two-month long war between Gadhafi 's forces and those fighting to unseat him . In his comments , Zuma also discussed an end to NATO airstrikes aimed at enforcing a no-fly zone and targeting Gadhafi 's troops . After staying overnight in Tripoli , the African Union delegation will fly Monday to the Libyan rebel stronghold of Benghazi to meet with opposition leaders there . Gadhafi has been a strong supporter of the African Union and has channeled large sums of money its way . Libya also holds a seat on the 15-member Peace and Security Council . As such , opposition leaders have voiced skepticism that mediation would end the conflict in a way that would satisfy their goals , which include Gadhafi 's ouster . Tony Blair 's take on Libya The African Union 's special committee on Libya is represented by Mauritania , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Mali , Uganda as well as Zuma 's South Africa . As Gadhafi left one meeting at his compound in Tripoli , he made a rare public appearance for international media before riding off in a car as he waved to supporters near his tent . The leader then entered a second meeting with the delegation . Earlier Sunday , Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz told journalists that the meetings "  will discuss the ways to resolve the crisis in Libya , and our main goal is to stop the military operations and find adequate solutions for the problem between our Libyan brothers , " according to a Mauritanian news agency . Report tracks "  sweeping changes " in Mideast After a series of setbacks driven by the advances of pro-government forces , Libyan rebel fighters this weekend recaptured the besieged city of Ajdabiya after apparently holding off Gadhafi 's better-equipped forces . In a hospital , witnesses told CNN on Saturday that three of Gadhafi 's fighters who were killed were carrying identification cards from Syria , Algeria and Chad . Meanwhile , in Misrata , NATO airstrikes hit parts of the city overnight and Sunday , an eyewitness told CNN , who did not want to be named for security reasons . At least eight people were killed and 22 injured from Saturday 's fighting between the pro-Gadhafi forces and the rebels , according to medical sources in the city . On Sunday , two rebel fighters died as they attempted to hunt down pro-Gadhafi snipers near the city center , another eyewitness said . The rebels were able to recover the bodies of 15 such snipers shot earlier Sunday . The snipers took positions on top of residential and commercial buildings , the eyewitness said . NATO airstrikes on Sunday hit various positions in and around the city , destroying 14 tanks , the eyewitness said . Sporadic fighting continued Sunday , but had decreased from recent days as the airstrikes kept pro-Gadhafi forces busy . Graffiti artist killed in Libya Some youths , captured in recent days by rebels , said they were teenagers and secondary-school students who had been forced to leave their homes in nearby towns and villages and undergo mandatory weeklong military training before fighting in Misrata , according to the second eyewitness . Pro-Gadhafi forces continued shelling parts of the city Sunday morning , the eyewitness said . A steel mill near the port was targeted but the port is now under rebel control , eyewitnesses said . However , the port still holds about 4,000 foreign workers who are trying to leave the city . Civilians living in the western sections of Misrata have been forced to leave their homes and have gathered in schools and friends ' and relatives ' homes near the city center , eyewitnesses said . In a statement Saturday , NATO said its aircraft destroyed pro-Gadhafi ammunition stockpiles east of Tripoli that were supplying troops shelling Misrata and other cities . The alliance also made attacks on armored vehicles near Misrata and Ajdabiya , NATO said . Opposition spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah told CNN that rebels flew two attack helicopters from Tobruk to join the fighting in Ajdabiya . "  There were some 50 regime pickup trucks with machine guns and rocket launchers that attempted to enter Ajdabiya , " Abdulmolah said . "  The helicopters destroyed several of the trucks , and the rest took off . " Abdulmolah did not know what kind of helicopters the rebel forces used in Saturday 's attack and could not confirm whether rebel forces coordinated the operation with NATO . NATO is operating under a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing the use of force to protect Libyan civilians from attack . The United Nations said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will travel to Cairo Thursday to head meetings on Libya at the Arab League headquarters . Among the participants will be Catherine Ashton , the representative for foreign affairs and security for the European Union . While Gadhafi has largely stayed out of the public eye in recent days , state TV aired images Saturday of the leader visiting what appeared to be a primary school in Tripoli . The anchor said the school was a target of international airstrikes and was going to be attacked . But NATO said in its statement that Gadhafi 's forces continue to use civilians as human shields . "  We have observed horrific examples of regime forces deliberately placing their weapons systems close to civilians , their homes and even their places of worship , " said Lt. Gen. Charlie Bouchard , commander of NATO 's Operation Unified Protector . "  Troops have also been observed hiding behind women and children . This type of behavior violates the principles of international law and will not be tolerated . " CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Reza Sayah , Nic Robertson and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report	NEW : A cease-fire , including an end to airstrikes , is thought to be part of talks NEW : The African Union group on Monday will hold talks with rebel leaders The rebels have recaptured Ajdabiya NATO says Gadhafi 's forces are using civilians as human shields
CNN  -- David Bill is n't annoyed when Twitter gets so bogged down with traffic that he ca n't post a message . Twitter 's "  fail whale , " which appears when the site is overrun , is so popular it 's on T-shirts and even tattoos . That 's because in the moment when frustration would hit , he 's greeted on the popular Web site by a cartoonish image he loves : a giant whale being lifted out of an ocean by a small flock of tweeting birds . The icon -- which Twitter users call it the "  fail whale " because the creature appears only when the site has failed to load -- has gained a cult following as the social media site grows at breakneck pace . The conversational Web site , which lets users post 140-character microblogs , saw a 1,374 percent jump in unique visitors between February 2008 and February this year , up to 7 million from only 475,000 , according to Nielsen NetView . By comparison , Facebook grew 228 percent , to 65.7 million users , during the same period . With all of those new Twitterers , fail whale sightings and site crashes seem more frequent . Bill  mr_bill on Twitter  and other fail-whale followers are n't bothered , though . The 36-year-old San Franciscan has organized parties in honor of the whale . The most recent , held in California in February , was attended by more than 300 people , including Yiying Lu , the artist in Australia who created the image . Bill says the whale represents a contrarian philosophy . "  It 's sort of an adorable whale but also this thing that represents the Herculean tasks that we sometimes go about from day to day , " he said . "  We 're all trying to do a lot of things that seem pretty impossible , " Bill said . "  It 's nice to identify something positive with those failures . " Not every Twitterer is sympathetic to the site 's troubles , though . Some users say Twitter has outgrown its core audience and is irrelevant to the technophiles who made it popular in the first place . Others are annoyed by the flood of spammers and profiteers who now use the site 's popularity to make a buck . Celebrities and members of Congress have been jumping onto the site in recent months , adding to the site 's mainstream popularity and , some users say , causing glitches in the system . "  I keep getting the fail whale . Twitter got too popular too quickly . I blame Shaq , " wrote Jessica Roy , a 21-year-old New York University student who goes by suchamessica on Twitter . Basketball player Shaquille O'Neal , or THE_REAL_SHAQ , has more than 470,000 followers on the site . Nova Spivack , a blogger whose article "  Can Twitter Survive What is About to Happen to It ? " has been passed around the site , said a rift is developing between Twitter 's original "  in crowd " and its newer , more mainstream users . Early adopters find many of the new users annoying , he said . "  A lot of people come in , and they take that ` What are you doing ? ' question literally , and so they put very inane things on Twitter , " he said . iReport.com : How do you feel about tweets and status updates ? The site used to feel "  insulated " from the mainstream , and now it does n't , he said . But for all the complaints , there seem to be just as many people who are almost excited about Twitter 's growing pains . It is inevitable that a Web site seeing Twitter-style growth would face some glitches and a backlash from early adopters , said Laura Fitton , a consultant and co-author of the book "  Twitter for Dummies . " "  There 's going to be all kinds of people using it all kinds of different ways , " she said . "  The purists can go pound rocks . " Major news such as the Mumbai terrorist attacks and the Hudson River plane landing has broken over Twitter , and that 's added to the site 's popularity , she said . Amy Gahran , who writes on social media at contentious.com , said the backlash against Twitter stems from the fact that people are uncomfortable with change . Early users see new people coming to the site , and that creeps them out , but it should n't , she said . "  Change is freaking good , " she said . "  Roll with it . " As the site gets filled with fresh users , people are creating pieces of software to help Twitterers sort through the noise , Gahran said . She said Twitter is popular because it mimics real-life conversation and because it 's easy to use . She also expects Twitter to expand , especially as people in developing countries use cell-phone text messages to communicate through the site . "  People talk . That 's what we do , " she said . "  We 're social creatures . We 're kind of wired for this . " Twitter says it is addressing breakdowns in that wired communication . "  We have made amazing progress from a technical perspective as far as accommodating this rapid growth goes and will continue to improve system and subsystem performance moving forward , " Twitter co-founder Biz Stone wrote in a statement to CNN . Critter Gewlas of Cary , North Carolina , believes so much in the site 's ability to overcome adversity that he recently got a tattoo of the fail whale on his leg . "  The site itself has suffered a few scrapes and bumps along the way , but for the most part , I definitely think it 's a good thing , " said the 36-year-old . The fail whale 's account on Twitter has more than 2,265 followers . A Facebook group dedicated to the whale has more than 4,400 members . The whale has spawned art and merchandise , from coffee mugs to baby clothes . A Current.com parody of the whale has spun around the Internet , too . Bill , whose fail whale parties have featured an aquamarine martini in honor of the icon 's color , said the whale 's popularity comes from the idea that failures are worth celebrating and learning from . Twitter will use that philosophy to continue to grow , he said . "  Twitter is a powerful enough thing that it should succeed in a broad way , and I would like it to succeed in a broad way , " he said .	Twitter saw growth of more than 1,300 percent in the year up to February Its swift growth has caused a backlash among some of the site 's early users Other rally around the "  fail whale , " an icon of the site 's shortcomings Site users host parties in honor of the whale ; one even has a tattoo of the image
CNN  -- U.S. forces have handed possession of a tanker carrying an illegal oil shipment back to the Libyan government , the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli said Saturday . The tanker , which had been seized by three armed Libyans earlier this month , had sailed last week from the rebel-held port of As-Sidra in eastern Libya . It was carrying oil owned by Libya 's National Oil Company . U.S. Navy SEALs boarded the Morning Glory last weekend in waters southeast of Cyprus at the request of authorities in that country and Libya . Saturday 's handover also was carried out in international waters . The transfer of the Morning Glory "  went smoothly and as planned , " the U.S. Embassy said . Speaking on Libyan television , Libyan navy spokesman Col. Ayoub Qassim said three Libyan navy vessels had received the tanker early Saturday along with the three Libyan detainees , the crew and the illegal oil shipment . They are bringing the Morning Glory back to the port of Zawiya , a city about 30 miles west of the capital , Tripoli , he said . The oil will be unloaded in the Zawiya refinery , but it 's not clear who the detainees will be handed over to . In a statement on Tuesday , rebel leader Ibrahim Jadran , who heads the federalist armed group that is holding key Libyan oil ports in the east and who attempted to sell this illegal oil shipment , denied the tanker was hijacked and accused the United States of "  blatantly violating international maritime law " by boarding it . He warned the United States against handing those on board over to the Tripoli authorities , saying they would get tortured and receive unfair trials . The government said they would be safe and treated according to Libyan and international law . The situation remains unsettled in the North African nation , which the government is struggling to control more than two years after the ouster of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . The conflict over oil wealth is stoking fears that Libya may slide deeper into chaos as the fragile government fails to rein in the armed brigades that helped remove Gadhafi in 2011 but now do as they please . Libya , rebels argue over who controls oil tanker -- and Libya 's oil Ousted PM left Libya on way to ` another European country ' CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	U.S. forces have handed a tanker with an illegal oil shipment back to Libya Three armed Libyans who had taken control of the tanker are also handed over The transfer of the Morning Glory "  went smoothly and as planned " Rebel leader claims the tanker is legal and those on board should not be handed to Libya
CNN Student News  -- September 30 , 2014 Afghanistan swears in a new leader , but two new bombings remind the nation of the challenges that lie ahead . Hurricane prediction is not an exact science , but researchers hope technology will help in the future . And a lot of people agree that music is good for you , but is there science behind that ? These subjects and more are covered on today 's show ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
A decreasing number of American gun owners own two-thirds of the nation 's guns and as many as one-third of the guns on the planet -- even though they account for less than 1 % of the world 's population , according to a CNN analysis of gun ownership data . The data , collected by the Injury Prevention Journal , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , the General Social Survey and population figures from the U.S. Census Bureau , found that the number of U.S. households with guns has declined , but current gun owners are gathering more guns . The United States tends to have better data on gun numbers than other countries , for instance Somalia or the Democratic Republic of the Congo , which may account for the high percentage , according to Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the School of Criminal Justice at The University at Albany . Gun owners debate in wake of Aurora tragedy However , within its own borders , the U.S. gun owning population is on the decline and those gun owners are stockpiling more firearms . "  Those who own guns , own more guns , " said Josh Sugarmann , the executive director and founder of the Violence Policy Center , a Washington-based gun control advocacy group . Last year the organization released an analysis of figures from the General Social Survey , which found that both the number of households owning guns and the number of people owning guns were decreasing . Politicians from both parties have tip-toed around gun control after the Aurora , Colorado , movie theater massacre to avoid political implications in the upcoming election . However , studies suggest they are bowing to a smaller number of American gun owners . Those gun owners tend to live in swing states , explained Lizotte . "  You can see where -LSB- the gun debate plays out -RSB- in the presidential election , " said Lizotte . "  Where rural states are swing states and urban states are not . " Candidates show little appetite for new gun control laws A study published in the Injury Prevention Journal , based on a 2004 National Firearms Survey , found that 20 % of the gun owners with the most firearms possessed about 65 % of the nation 's guns . A 2007 survey by the U.N 's Office on Drugs and Crime found that the United States , which has 5 % of the world 's population , owns 50 % of the world 's guns . The number of households owning guns has declined from almost 50 % in 1973 to just over 32 % in 2010 , according to a 2011 study produced by The University of Chicago 's National Opinion Research Center . The number of gun owners has gone down almost 10 % over the same period , the report found The concentration comes , in part , because guns are "  marketed by and large to people who already own guns , " Lizotte said . He also said that guns are specialty items , like tools in a tool box , so those who own guns are more likely to buy additional guns for different hunting purposes , for instance . "  If you use a 12-gauge shotgun to shoot a rabbit , the rabbit wo n't exist after you shoot it , " Lizotte said . Therefore a gun owner who is a hunter will use a different gun for different types of hunting , for instance a small-caliber rifle instead of a high-powered shotgun . Both studies also found that men were more likely to own guns , though the General Social Survey found that male gun ownership is down almost 20 % since 1980 . The Violence Policy Center 's analysis of the General Social Survey data also found that part of the reason the gun owning population is declining is because those weapons are largely owned by white males , a group whose population is aging . One in 10 women own a gun , the General Social Survey found . Opinion : Do guns make us safer ? Still , while it is possible to collect accurate data on the number of guns in the United States using manufacturing , import-export and life-cycle data for the guns , the federal government has little idea of who the guns owners are , gun policy experts said . "  The federal government does n't have good data on anything on guns and that 's been done on purpose , " said David Hemenway , director of the Harvard Injury Control Research Center and senior author of the Injury Prevention Journal study . "  The gun lobby has lots of power ... -LSB- their -RSB- goal is not to have any sort of registration system . " "  We asked , ` Where 'd the guns go ? ' The answer -- it looked like the people that had lots of guns were buying more guns , " Hemenway said . The false perception that there are more gun owners has helped bolster a political narrative , emboldened the National Rifle Association and left politicians worried about losing support , gun policy experts say . " ... It gives them more power to say they are representing more gun owners and there are more gun owners , " said Hemenway . Sugarmann agreed . "  There is a myth pushed by the gun industry , the NRA and the trade associations for gun makers that gun ownership is up , " he said . " -LSB- That -RSB- there are more gun owners , when the opposite is true , gun ownership is declining . " The NRA did not respond to repeated requests from CNN for comment . Opinion : Fear drives opposition to gun control	The number of U.S. gun owners has declined as more guns are concentrated in fewer hands CNN analysis shows gun owners in the U.S. own one-third of guns on the planet Many gun owners live in swing states , key to the fall election
CNN  -- The "  lowest places in hell " are reserved for people who force animals to fight , an Alabama district attorney said Monday after announcing that more than 350 pitbulls have been rescued from a massive illegal dogfighting ring . They rescued 367 pit bull terriers in Alabama and Georgia . Authorities arrested 11 people on Friday for violations of the federal dogfighting and gambling statutes . Warrants were executed and arrests were made in Alabama , Georgia , Mississippi and Texas . The dogs were taken to temporary shelters in undisclosed locations . "  It 's really a sad day to me and a sad day of affairs in the state of Alabama to have to even indulge in this type of criminal activity and prosecution , " said U.S. Attorney George L. Beck Jr. . "  I believe if Dante were alive today and were rewriting ` The Inferno , ' that the lowest places in hell would be reserved for those who commit cruelty to our animals and to our children . " He was referring to "  The Divine Comedy , " the epic poem by Dante Alighieri . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Montgomery , Alabama ; the Auburn , Alabama , police ; and the FBI teamed up with the Humane Society of the United States and the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to investigate the dogfighting and free the canines from captivity . The result , the ASPCA said , was believed to be the second-largest dogfighting raid in U.S. history . "  Today , we ended the torture of hundreds of abused and neglected dogs , " said Matt Bershadker , president and chief executive officer of the ASPCA . Many of the dogs appeared emaciated , the ASPCA said . Smugglers drive Thailand 's grim trade in dog meat "  In one yard , 114 dogs , the majority tethered to heavy chains , sat in 90 degree heat , scratching at fleas , with no fresh water or food visible anywhere on the property . Some appeared to have no access to water at all , and many exhibited wounds , scars and other conditions consistent with dogfighting , " the ASPCA said in a statement . "  Makeshift , filthy doghouses -- many improvised from plastic and metal barrels and others made of chipboard with rotting wood floors and rusted metal roofing -- provided the only shelter in the sweltering heat and humidity . Some dogs pulled at chains and cables that were tethered to cinder blocks and car tires . A female dog did her best to tend to six puppies , just weeks old , with no food or water , in a pen littered with trash and feces . " A 30-count federal indictment charges that from 2009 to 2013 , the 11 suspects conspired to promote and sponsor dogfighting and to possess , buy , sell , transport and deliver dogs for fighting . Agents seized $ 500,000 from dogfighters . "  These defendants were betting between $ 5,000 and $ 200,000 on one dogfight , " Beck said . "  These dogfighters abuse , starve and kill their dogs for the supposed ` fun ' of watching and gambling on a dogfight . Their behavior is deplorable , will not be tolerated , and will be punished to the full extent of the law . " Beck said the suspects , if convicted , could face "  lengthy " prison terms . Romanian princess arrested in Oregon cockfighting sweep	Authorities rescue 367 pit bull terriers in Alabama and Georgia The dogs have been taken to temporary shelters in undisclosed locations Attorney says it 's a "  sad day " for Alabama ; 11 suspects could face "  lengthy " prison time
CNN  -- Wildfires raging in Northern California briefly halted the search for extraterrestrial life on Tuesday . The Eiler Fire , burning some 200 miles north of Sacramento , forced employees at the SETI Institute 's Allen Telescope Array to evacuate and temporarily shut down all of their computers , Internet and power . "  We ca n't listen when all that is down , " said Seth Shostak , senior astronomer and director of SETI Research . At SETI -- which stands for Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence -- scientists search the heavens for signs of extraterrestrial life by "  listening " with an array of small satellite dishes . The blaze came within a mile of the facility , located near Hat Creek , California , on both the east and west , according to Shostak . "  The fire on the west had jumped the road , burnt down our favorite lunch place , got within a mile of the telescopes , " he said . As the flames got closer , the staff fled to safer ground and shut down the satellites . "  We just lost some search hours , " he said . "  To expect that E.T. will somehow reach out at this moment , that would be very bizarre . " The Eiler Fire may not have cost the researchers their chance to find aliens , but it 's already burned more than 31,000 acres and threatened over 700 homes . However , fire offficials say the fire is 35 % contained and is expected to be fully contained by August 20th . The search for life can continue at SETI 's telescope array . The scientists were eventually given the all clear to return to the facility . Pacific Northwest wildfires char a million acres , spur warnings of bad air Citizen scientists shape ` destiny of humanity ' with SETI Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Scientists at SETI Institute 's telescope array had to flee as wildfires closed in Blazes approached facility from both the east and west Scientists were later given the OK to return
CNN  -- Every American community has its borders . Manhattan , for example , has East 96th Street . It divides , in a squishy and always-changing sort of way , East Harlem , the poorest neighborhood on the island , from the Upper East Side , which is among the wealthiest . Stand on the street and you 'll see people crossing from one world to the other in both directions . But the boundary does have real meaning for some . This summer , I met Giovanni Classen , a young father and college student who was living in one of the public housing projects in East Harlem . He told me he once took a girlfriend on a date on the Upper East Side . The questioning stares of richer New Yorkers tainted the experience . His date 's interest in window shopping did n't help either . Across 96th , he felt different . Or was made to feel that way . The river , the highway , the tracks . All of these unspoken lines have shaped American consciousness . This is increasingly true in the age of income inequality . As the gap between rich and poor continues to grow , so does the gulf in understanding between the classes . We 're not helped by the fact that , as Harvard 's Michael Norton put it to me , the ends of the income spectrum are mostly invisible . We do n't see billionaires picking up their morning papers . The extremely poor are among the most stigmatized groups in the United States . We see past them , as one man who works in Chelsea , the ritzy-poor Manhattan neighborhood , told me recently . We pretend they 're not there , that these divisions do n't exist in the richest country in the world . Maybe one way to help shrink the gap between rich and poor , then , is simply to stare these divisions right in the face -- to remind ourselves that these boundaries were created and can be erased . To that end , I 'd like to invite you to participate in a collaborative storytelling experiment called "  Cross the Gap . " Here 's how to participate : 1 . Take a photo of something that divides your community . 2 . Upload the image to CNN iReport or to an online social network . 3 . Include the hashtag #crossthegap with your submission . 4 . In the caption , write why this particular thing -- it could be a highway , a sign , a language barrier , a park , a building , whatever -- divides your community . Say a little bit about yourself or your hometown . Which side of the gap do you inhabit ? And what could you do to help make that barrier less formal or significant ? I 'll give a few examples to help clear things up . In Oklahoma City , where I used to live , the Oklahoma River and Interstate 40 broadly split the community in two . Everyone asks whether you 're from the north side or the south . The social circles are pretty different . In Lake Providence , Louisiana , where I traveled recently to report a story on income inequality , a beautiful , cypress-lined lake largely separates rich from poor . And New York is a maze of shifting and unspoken dividers . Go to Chelsea and you 'll find blocks where the rich and poor stare at each other out of their windows . I 'm excited to see what you come up with for this assignment . As you take the photos , I 'd ask you to think about the economic and cultural forces that keep us apart -- and what each of us could do to bring everyone , regardless of income , closer together . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	The rich-poor gap in the United States has been widening since the 1970s John Sutter asks readers to help narrow the gap Sutter : Take a photo of something that divides your community Upload the images to CNN iReport or to social networks with the hashtag #crossthegap
CNN  Ever had a headache so big , you felt like drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out ? In Neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines . It could even have been a form of emergency surgery for battle wounds . But while there is still conjecture about the real reasons behind the mysterious procedure , what is known is that the implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian . Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels . At 30 angstroms -- a unit of measurement equal to one hundred millionth of a centimeter -- an obsidian scalpel can rival diamond in the fineness of its edge . When you consider that most household razor blades are 300-600 angstroms , obsidian can still cut it with the sharpest materials nano-technology can produce . Even today , a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions that they say heal with minimal scarring . Dr. Lee Green , professor and chair of the Department of Family Medicine at the University of Alberta , says he routinely uses obsidian blades . "  The biggest advantage with obsidian is that it is the sharpest edge there is , it causes very little trauma to tissue , it heals faster and more importantly it heals with less scarring , " he said . "  It makes for the best cosmetic outcome . " He explained that steel scalpels at a microscopic level have a rough cutting edge that tears into tissue , a function of the crystals that make up the metal . Obsidian , meanwhile , cleaves into a fine and continuous edge when properly cut . Dr. Green said he once helped documentary makers produce a program on surgical technology in ancient Egyptian , setting up a blind test on the cutting power of obsidian . Using cultured-skin burn dressing , a substance composed of skin cells , he made an incision with a modern scalpel and a parallel incision with an obsidian scalpel . The host of the program was then invited to look at the cuts under a video microscope and tell the difference . "  It was n't hard to tell the difference at all -- as soon as he turned around everyone in the studio was like ` Ohhh ' , " Dr. Green said . "  Under the microscope you could see the obsidian scalpel had divided individual cells in half , and next to it the steel scalpel incision looked like it had been made by a chainsaw . " Modern obsidian scalpels look nothing like the decorative flint-knapped knives of Neolithic man , often resembling their modern counterparts in everything except for the blade edge , but Dr. Green said they are a very different animal . "  The feel is very different because obsidian has no ` bite , ' " he said . "  If you look under the microscope at a steel scalpel edge it looks almost like a saw , it has teeth , whereas obsidian is smooth even microscopically . "  It 's a very different feel to work with and you have to practice before you start using it in surgery . "  You also have to be careful not to nick yourself with it because you do n't even feel it ! " And Dr. Green believes incisions made with these blades heal faster . He said a colleague who needed a mole removed agreed to undergo an experiment where half the procedure was carried out with an obsidian scalpel and the other half was removed with steel . "  What 's really fun is seeing it heal , " he said . "  Four weeks later the difference was quite remarkable -- there was very much a difference in scarring . " In Germany , the manufacturer Fine Science Tools produces obsidian scalpels which can be used in situations where the patient may have an allergy to steel or metal . "  For studies where trace metals from ordinary scalpel blades can not be tolerated , these very special obsidian scalpels may provide the answer , " the company says . At $ 99 per scalpel  $ 107.40  , they represent a considerable saving on their diamond cousins which the company prices at $ 712.50  $ 772.60  . But there has been little academic research into the efficacy of obsidian blades compared to steel scalpels , and they do have disadvantages : Obsidian scalpels are not Food and Drug Administration  FDA  approved , and they are extremely brittle and prone to breaking if lateral forces are applied -- meaning they are unlikely to ever be in widespread use . Dr. Green , whose scalpels were manufactured for him by an expert flint-knapper and archaeologist Errett Callahan , concedes the Stone Age scalpels are not for everyone . "  If it was let loose on the market there 'd be far too many injuries from it , " he said . "  It 's very fragile and it 's very easy to break pieces off . "	Obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels Some surgeons still use the blades in procedures today
AOL Autos  -- Automotive expert Tom Torbjornsen answers a question about how to diagnose an exhaust problem and what to do about it . Dear Tom , Smoke is coming out of the tailpipe of my 2002 Chrysler Sebring with 90,000 miles . Is this a big problem ? I have to put a quart of oil a week in the engine . What should I do ? -- Sally , New York Sally , Generally , engines burn oil due to a few reasons : bad valve seals , worn valve guides , pressurized crankcase  oil pan  due to a clogged PCV valve or breather system , and blow-by from worn piston rings . Bad valve seals : The valves are located in the cylinder head above the combustion chamber . Oil is pumped at 40 to 80 PSI  pounds/square inch  of pressure into the top of the head , lubricating the valve-train . The valves have seals to stop the flow of oil down into the engine when the valve is open . If the seals fail then oil is allowed to flow down into the combustion chamber and is burned . Worn valve guides : A small cylindrical chamber called a valve guide does just what its name says ... it guides the valves . These guides wear out over time causing eccentricity  slop  . The excess gap that forms allows oil to flow down the valve stem into the combustion chamber to be burned . Normally the valve seal stops this flow . However , in this case the gap is too great for the seal to work . AOL Autos : Should you use synthetic motor oil ? Pressurized crankcase due to clogged PCV or breather system : Your car 's engine is a giant air pump , consequently it must breathe . The PCV  Positive Crankcase Ventilation  system allows the engine to exhaust the excess pressure buildup  which is a natural phenomenon of the internal combustion engine  . Carbon is a by-product of an engine and can build up in the PCV system , clogging the breathing passages . This in turn pressurizes the oil pan and pushes oil up into the fuel delivery system where it is fed into the engine and burned . AOL Autos : Do I need to replace my air filter ? Blow-by from worn piston rings : The pistons in your car 's engine have seals around them in the form of rings . These rings have two functions :  1  they seal the combustion chamber so that the power developed from the firing of the cylinder is not lost .  2  They provide vital lubrication to the cylinder walls . When the rings wear out , the pressure from combustion reverses down into the oil pan , pressurizing it , and forcing oil into the valve covers . From there it goes through the breather system , back into the fuel delivery system , and into the engine to be burned . I have to put a quart of oil a week in the engine . Is this a big problem ? It 's hard to say without performing some diagnostics on the engine . A quart of oil a week is excessive . It could be due to a plugged PCV or excessive internal engine wear . Take the car into the shop for engine diagnostics . My guess is that the tech will perform a compression test along with a cylinder leak down test after he/she determines if the PCV system is open . During these tests the tech tries to determine if there is loss of engine compression , blow-by , or excessive oil consumption due to ring wear . If excessive ring wear is discovered then further engine teardown will be necessary to determine if the engine needs to be rebuilt or replaced . AOL Autos : How often should you change your oil What is the difference between blue and white smoke ? The engine can emit different colors of smoke : Blue smoke : Blue typically means that engine oil is being burned in the combustion chamber . In rare cases , when a vehicle is equipped with a transmission that uses a device called a vacuum modulator valve  to soften shifts between gears according to engine vacuum  the diaphragm can break inside the valve and cause transmission fluid to be sucked into the engine via the vacuum line feeding the valve and burn . AOL Autos : Fluid leaks : unsafe and expensive White smoke : White can mean one of two things .  1  Water condensation from a blown and leaking head gasket : This gasket is the seal between the cylinder head and engine block . Water runs through channels called water jackets that line the cylinder walls and thus carry away heat . When the head gasket blows , the seal between the cylinder head and engine block breaks and water is allowed to enter the combustion chamber . This water is emitted from the engine in the form of water vapor or steam and it is white in color . 2  Excessive gas : Fuel delivery systems sometimes falter and dump excessive amounts of raw fuel into the intake plenum . When this happens , the amount of fuel is too much for the engine to process . Hence , it exits the engine and tailpipe in the form of pure white fuel vapor . It stinks like raw gas and can be dangerous if it ignites in the hot muffler and catalytic converter . I have witnessed exhaust systems literally blown off the vehicle from the explosion that ensued from ignition of a gas-filled catalytic converter . This condition must be fixed immediately to prevent internal engine damage or worse yet , a serious fire . Can I add oil or coolant and keep driving the vehicle until I can afford to fix it ? Yes . However , be advised that such maladies never get better by themselves ; and they always get worse with time . There is a real possibility that you will get caught on the road driving at highway speeds  thinking you added enough oil , transmission fluid or engine coolant  and the oil runs out , causing a catastrophic failure . In general , when it comes to a need for auto repair , conditions never improve on their own . You must maintain your vehicle if you want to get the maximum life out of it and , in the long run , spend the least amount of money . AOL Autos : How to avoid common car problems	An oil-thirsty engine and smoke coming from car 's tailpipe are signs of trouble Bad valve seals or worn guides , clogged PCV valve , worn piston rings among causes White smoke : Water condensation from blown head gasket , too much gas Blue smoke : Engine oil is being burned in the combustion chamber
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- When we requested an interview with members of the Communist Youth League , I expected an army of suits with well-rehearsed answers . Instead , we met three students casually dressed in jeans , just 18 to 23 years old . Christina Zhang wants to be a linguistics teacher or professor . She plans to attend graduate school . The interview was arranged by the State Council Information Office , in advance of the upcoming 60th anniversary of the founding of the People 's Republic of China . Unlike many government-sanctioned shoots , it was not carefully choreographed or closely monitored . The students did arrive with a "  minder " of sorts , but he was no older than them and did n't interrupt the conversation . We sat down for tea at Ritan Park in downtown Beijing . My questions seemed to be more sensitive than they expected , but the students remained poised and answered every one . All of the students are members of the Chinese Communist Party and the Communist Youth League , the same organization that launched the successful careers of Chinese President Hu Jintao and many of China 's other top leaders . "  I think Communism is an ideal state of society that everyone should pursue , " said Natalie Chen , an 18-year-old freshman and finance major at Peking University 's Guanghua School of Management . "  In the Communist society , everything is fair in economics , in politics , in education . Everybody has equal opportunity and that 's a great society . " "  Do you think everything is fair in China ? " I asked Natalie . "  At present I have to say no , " she said . "  But , we are of course making progress towards it . " Watch Chang 's interview with the students " Young students like Chen are the future of the Chinese Communist Party , which now is the largest political party in the world with 75 million members . It has come a long way . In 1949 , the Communist Party was a group of mostly revolutionary farmers , who came to power on the heels of civil war . See how China has changed over 60 years " "  The party was a rag tag organization you might say , " said David Shambaugh , a visiting fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and political science professor at George Washington University . "  They had no experience in ruling , but a lot of experience in fighting and they were faced with a number of problems of how to set up a government and run the country . " The first three decades of Communist rule were tumultuous , marred by backward isolation and a destructive Cultural Revolution . However , the next 30 years transformed China from the inside out , with the implementation of new economic goals and gradual openness to the outside world . The Communist Party now is largely credited with delivering the country from isolation to economic prosperity . Despite this achievement , perhaps the party 's most astounding achievement in 60 years is , quite simply , surviving as the one and only political party in a massive country . "  To be adaptable and flexible is a path to survival , " said Shambaugh . "  So this has been a very adaptable , and I would argue , eclectic party , borrowing bits and pieces from different political systems all around the world and studying other political systems . " Yet , in being so adaptable , analysts say the party has run the risk of having a lot of slogans and little substance . Slogans such as "  the scientific mode of development , " "  socialism with Chinese characteristics , " and "  harmonious society " often can not be explained by the average Chinese citizen . "  These are all current slogans , but people are not really sure what they mean , " Shambaugh said . Indeed some of the party 's youngest members provided vague answers when asked for what exactly the Communist Party stands . "  I think we have a goal , " said 23-year-old Christina Zhang , an undergraduate in linguistics at Beijing Normal University . "  That is to reach a harmonious society . That is our dream ... I believe we are sure to realize our dream . " "  We discuss science , we discuss thought , we discuss everything , " added Lin De-yuan , a 23-year-old first-year graduate student in Marxist studies at the Chinese Youth University of Political Sciences . He also suggested I read "  the book by Karl Marx , " referring to the Communist Manifesto . China 's younger generation has been criticized for caring too much about securing good jobs instead of about policy and politics . These days , it is widely regarded that many young people join the party , not because they share Communist ideals , but because it looks good on their resumes . Chen , Zhang and Lin denied joining the party for personal gain . Chen plans to become a banker or a politician , Zhang aspires to be a teacher and Lin dreams of becoming an NBA referee . However , they do acknowledge joining the party may have some benefits and some members actively use their party credentials to achieve certain career goals . "  Admittedly , some people join the party with their own purpose of getting a good job , or getting a promotion , " Chen said . "  But that 's why we are still having a fierce battle with corruption in the party . " In fact , corruption is one of the biggest challenges the Communist Party will face in the years ahead . Young Communists like Chen , Zhang and Lin will be responsible for rising to these types of challenges and shaping the party 's future . Their generation may determine whether the Communist Party is still China 's one and only ruling party 60 years from now .	Unlike many government-sanctioned shoots , this one was not closely monitored Young students are the future of the Chinese Communist Party Youth have been criticized for caring too much about securing good jobs Analysts say the party runs the risk of having many slogans but little substance
CNN  -- Rita Moreno is one of the rare performers to have won an Oscar , Emmy , Tony and Grammy award . But it took her nearly a lifetime to feel comfortable playing herself . The 81-year-old Puerto Rican legend , who will be awarded a Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award in January , credits her ability to adapt quickly as key to her survival in life and the limelight . She was 5 years old when she and her mother braved a perilous ocean voyage from Puerto Rico to New York , before boarding a bus to the Bronx to stay with relatives . "  My mami , Rosa Maria Marcano Alverio , was looking for a new start , a new husband , " Moreno wrote in her memoir . "  She was seeking love and fortune . ... " Her mother 's girlfriend suggested putting little Rosita into dance classes , and soon , she was learning Spanish dance from Rita Hayworth 's uncle , who was also her dance teacher . Moreno found a home on the stage , and as her talent grew , she was able to contribute to her own , and her mother 's dreams . In her memoir , now available in Spanish , she shares her journey . Moreno went from dancing in bars to performing for bar mitzvahs and independent movies . She was invited to a fateful "  go-see " with Louis B. Mayer of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film studio . The 16-year-old did her best to dress as her inspiration to impress the studio head . It worked . " ` She looks like a Spanish Elizabeth Taylor ! ' " Moreno recalls Mayer saying at their meeting . " ` How does a seven-year contract sound to you , young lady ? ' " Rosita Dolores Alverio was born in Juncos , Puerto Rico , but Rita Moreno was hatched in Hollywood , California . An MGM studio executive christened her in honor of Hayworth . "  Your name has to go , " he told her . "  Too Italian . " Over a decades-long run , she survived a contentious affair with Marlon Brando , a suicide attempt and unpredictable employment to build one of the most storied careers in entertainment . Now , as she prepares to play a grandmother on NBC 's "  Welcome to the Family , " Moreno shared with CNN the struggle to find her own identity , when she stopped trying to be her idols and why she rejected playing George Lopez 's mother on his hit TV show . An edited transcript of the conversation is below . CNN : What incredible accomplishments : an Oscar , a Tony , an Emmy , a Grammy , and now the SAG Award . How does all that fit with how you perceive yourself ? Moreno : I do n't know how to answer that question -- it 's all pretty fabulous . You know I 'm 81 now . I 'm going to be 82 in December and I stand here absolutely astonished at what 's happened ! Inevitably , when something very prestigious and meaningful like the SAG awards happens , I immediately go back to Puerto Rico and my little hometown and I see this little girl and I go back to being that little girl ! And I 'm saying , "  Is it really possible ? " "  Is this really happening ? " I ca n't tell you how stunned I am . I 'm thrilled to pieces . Really thrilled . CNN : One of the things you describe in the book is playing the role of the "  spitfire " and various stereotypical roles of people of color in your desire to work , but you describe your personality as being very different : "  quite prudent and conservative " when you first came to Los Angeles . Moreno : You know , I spent a good part of my life looking for an identity that was safe . And , in retrospect , we all know that that is simply not possible , it 's not feasible . It does n't work . I did n't want to be this "  Latina girl . " I did n't want to be this "  sexpot . " I had no role models , so I chose one : Elizabeth Taylor . But that does n't work . And what happens as a result is you live a very muddled life with respect to identity . And when you try to do that , you lose something extremely valuable and important : and that is , self-respect . And the struggle was very painful . CNN : When do you feel like you stopped "  trying to be Elizabeth Taylor " and began embracing Rita Moreno ? Moreno : Well , you know it really did n't happen until "  West Side Story . " It took , unhappily , a very long time . That happened with the Oscar , and then of course I also got the Golden Globe  for best supporting actress in "  West Side Story "  , which was pretty fabulous . I said to myself "  I must be worth something . This is pretty terrific . " And then I had the heartbreak of my life , practically , because I did n't do a movie again for seven years . I was offered a couple of gang-type movies , and you know I was n't going to do that anymore . Once I had that little gold man under my arm , I said to myself : "  That 's it . That day is over . " CNN : So "  West Side Story " really affirmed your talents and you , personally . For you as an actress , what determines what roles are stereotypical and which ones are true to life ? Moreno : Well , gee , that 's not a hard question to answer . I mean it 's the way it 's written . You 're either a coffee pourer , or you play someone that 's real . Before the George Lopez  show went on the air ,  Lopez  wanted me desperately to play his mother and I just kept saying that is the most disrespectful Hispanic woman I have ever seen and I ca n't do that . I mean , he really courted me , he sent me bottles of wine and stuff , "  I 'm here because of you , " that kind of thing . And , I know he meant it , he was very sincere and respectful but I just thought that she gave all of us a very bad name . I know she was funny , but I just could n't see myself doing that part , it really bothered me . And you know , by the way , the lady who played it was wonderful ! And what a darling woman . God , what a neat gal she was . But I could n't do that . I had been there and I had done that , in a manner of speaking , and I just could n't do that again . CNN : Has there been a difference in how audiences have responded to your memoir in Spanish versus English ? Moreno : It 's surprising to the  English  speaking people and Hispanic people because both of them have always seen me as a very strong personality . You know the Latinos  have seen me as  el orgullo de Puerto Rico  the pride of Puerto Rico  . El orgullo de los Latinos , de la comunidad Latina . And Americans have always seen me that way , too . So  my  struggle is a huge surprise to everybody . They just think you got this way overnight . And I keep telling them , you know what ? It took me 81 years to reach this Rita Moreno !	Actress Rita Moreno 's new memoir is out in Spanish She was born Rosita Dolores Alverio in Puerto Rico , raised in New York Moreno : "  I spent a good part of my life looking for an identity that was safe "
At least 60 people were killed and more than 110 were wounded Sunday in a Lahore , Pakistan , suicide blast near the country 's border with India , police said . A suicide bomber detonated his vest after a daily parade at the Wagah border crossing , police said . It appeared the bomber entered the parade area as people were leaving and set off an explosive vest near a checkpoint , police said . Spokesmen for two groups linked to the Pakistani Taliban -- Jundallah and Jamaat-ul-Ahrar -- separately claimed responsibility for the bombing , with the spokesman for the latter , Ehsanullah Ehsan , calling the Jundallah claim "  baseless . " Ehsan 's statement promised more attacks . "  We will soon release the video of this attack , " the statement said . "  This attack is the revenge of the killing of those innocent people who have been killed by Pakistan Army , particularly of those who have been killed in North Waziristan . " Footage from CNN affiliate GEO News showed authorities scrambling through the streets , some of them ferrying the injured on stretchers to ambulances . Many onlookers were crying as they spoke to reporters . More than 5 kilograms  11 pounds  of explosives were used in the blast , which was conducted by a male from 18 and 20 years old , Inspector General Mushtaq Ahmad Sukhera of the Punjab police said . Some of the bomber 's body parts were found at the scene , he said . The latest numbers of dead and wounded were reported Monday by Amin Wains , the Chief Capital Police Officer of Lahore . Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi sent his condolences to the families of the deceased , he tweeted shortly after condemning "  the dastardly act of terrorism . " Authorities were aware of threats of terrorism , and Pakistan 's paramilitary security force , the Rangers , was prepared , but the crowds at the border were larger than normal so Rangers were n't able to check everyone as they departed the area , Sukhera said . Every evening for 55 years at the Wagah border crossing between Lahore and Amritsar , India , Pakistan 's Rangers and India 's Border Security Force take part in a lowering-of-the-flags ceremony before sunset . The ceremony , which ends with soldiers folding their countries ' flags and shaking hands , draws attendees from both sides of the border , as well as international tourists . The "  beating retreat " ceremony , as it 's known , is postponed until Thursday , officials said .	The death toll rises to 60 ; the number of people wounded climbs to 110 Two groups claim responsibility for bombing , and one promises more attacks 5 kilograms of explosives used , police say ; suicide bomber 's body parts found Pakistan and India take part in daily "  lowering of the flags " ceremony at border
Hong Kong  CNN  The captain of a Hong Kong passenger ferry has been sentenced to eight years in jail for his role in a fatal collision that left 39 people dead in 2012 - the city 's worst maritime disaster in four decades . Lai Sai-ming was sentenced at the city 's High Court on Monday . A jury on Saturday had found him guilty of 39 counts of manslaughter and endangering the lives of others at sea . Chow Chi-wai , the captain of the other vessel , which was owned by the Hong Kong Electric Company and had been carrying company employees and their families to watch a scheduled fireworks display , was sentenced to nine months in jail . He was found guilty of endangering lives , but not manslaughter . Survivors recount chaos , horror of ferry collision In sentencing , judge Brian Keith said that Lai 's actions were not minor errors of judgment or momentary lapses of distraction but "  fell way below the standard of professionalism " required in Hong Kong 's busy waters . Lai failed to keep a proper lookout and take any effective steps to avoid a collision , according to court documents . The judge agreed with the prosecutor 's view that Lai did n't see the other vessel before the crash . In mitigation , the judge noted that both captains had suffered from post traumatic stress disorder and were haunted by what happened that night , but said "  it can not be compared to what was suffered by those who lost their families in the tragedy . " Thirty nine people , including eight children , were killed after the two vessels collided near Lamma Island , on October 1 , 2012 . Survivors described how the collision upended one of the vessels , flinging passengers into the water . Rescuers picked up 123 survivors but at least 92 passengers were injured in the incident . Passengers on board the ferries said how they had only moments to escape . The narrow sea lanes leading into Hong Kong 's main deepwater harbor are some of the busiest in Asia , with giant commercial freighters , ocean liners , passenger ferries and private boats of all sizes sharing the water . Hong Kong is home to more than 200 outlying Islands , including Lamma . The collision was Hong Kong 's most lethal maritime accident since 1971 , when 88 people died after the ferry Fat Shan capsized between Hong Kong and Macau during a typhoon .	Hong Kong ferry captain found guilty of manslaughter Follows fatal ferry collision in 2012 that left 39 people dead He has been sentenced to 8 years in jail
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- More than 4,000 people were isolated by flood waters and as many as 1,800 have been evacuated in the Australian state of New South Wales after a week of heavy rains , the government said Monday . As a result of this week 's rains , the government has so far issued disaster declarations in 17 of the state 's rural and suburban districts , predominantly in the south and west . They join 17 other districts declared disaster areas after flooding in October . The flooding , which is expected to continue as a new storm front is forecast to bring extended heavy rains through Friday , has already destroyed an estimated $ 500 million in crops in the region , according to a statement issued by New South Wales Emergency Services . The hardest-hit communities include Wagga Wagga and Coonamble , both located in the southern part of North South Wales , which is located in Australia 's southeast . The community of North Wagga Wagga was completely isolated on Monday , the emergency services agency said . Some evacuated residents of Eastern Coonamble have been allowed to return to their homes , although the government warned further flooding expected from the rains forecast for later this week could renew the danger . Flood warnings remained in effect Monday for communities along 13 rivers in New South Wales , including Castlereagh River , MacQuarie River and Murrumbidgee River . The Australian Bureau of Meteorology issued a flood watch Monday for northwest , southwest and central New South Wales , warning that another significant storm approaching the region could cause additional flooding . Since the most recent flooding began Nov. 29 , emergency workers have executed 67 flood rescues and received more than 1,300 requests for assistance , the emergency services agency said . Most of the requests involved damage caused by flash flooding .	Heavy rains this week have resulted in major flooding in parts of New South Wales More than 4,000 people remained isolated by flood waters Additional rain is expected to renew the threat mid-week
New Brunswick , New Jersey  CNN  -- The man Tyler Clementi was intimate with just days before he committed suicide took the stand Friday , telling jurors that he had noticed a web camera aimed at Clementi 's bed . The witness , who prosecutors named only as "  M.B. " to protect his identity , testified during the sixth day of the trial of a former Rutgers University student , Dharun Ravi . Ravi is accused of spying on and intimidating Clementi , his former university roommate , because he was gay . M.B. , 32 , testified Friday that he first met Clementi on an internet social networking site for gay men and that they eventually met in the student 's dorm room three times . The two conversed online , exchanged text messages and later had sex . At one point when they were together in the dorm room , M.B. glanced over at Ravi 's desk and saw "  a camera lens pointed at  Clementi 's  bed . " He also testified that he had briefly met Ravi while visiting Clementi . Ravi on one occasion allegedly left the room and came back , "  walked to his desk , shuffled around a bit and then walked out . " M.B. testified that on September 19 , 2010 , he drove to meet Clementi at his building , three days after the first visit . When he left , M.B. said he saw about five people milling around the hallway who seemed to be looking at him . "  They did n't say anything , " he said . But they were looking at him in a way that made him wonder why they were staring , he said . "  But as I was a guest in their building , I just brushed it off . " Ravi 's lawyer , Steve Altman , has said M.B. looked out of place at the university because of his age , which had prompted the stares . Students also testified that he appeared to look "  shabby . " Altman has argued that his client had switched on the web cam to monitor his personal items because he did not trust his roommate 's visitor . But prosecutors say Ravi and another student placed the camera in the room without Clementi 's knowledge to spy and humiliate the student because he was gay . After one particular visit , M.B. testified , "  We were both laying together in  Clementi 's  bed . I could hear people talking in the courtyard . People joking , people laughing . " M.B. said he last met Clementi on September 21 . Just days later , the 18-year-old student took his own life by leaping from the George Washington Bridge and into the Hudson River . During his testimony , M.B. appeared uncomfortable , shifting his eyes between Clementi 's family and the ground . On Thursday , Rutgers graduate Geoffrey Irving testified that Ravi had told him after an ultimate Frisbee practice that he set up the web cam and was planning to do it again that evening , September 21 . Ravi , 20 , now faces a 15-count indictment in Clementi 's death that includes charges of bias intimidation , invasion of privacy , tampering with physical evidence , witness tampering and hindering apprehension or prosecution . His trial began last Friday . If convicted , he faces up to 10 years in prison . Last year , he turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . Less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Obama released a videotaped message condemning bullying . In November , Clementi 's family consented to the use of his name on federal anti-harassment legislation called the "  Tyler Clementi Higher Education Anti-Harassment Act . " The proposed law would require schools that receive federal student aid "  to create policies prohibiting the harassment of any student , " said Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey .	Friday is the sixth day of the trial of a former Rutgers University student accused of spying An unnamed witness offered his account of the encounter Just days after the alleged spying incident in 2010 , Tyler Clementi committed suicide
CNN  -- A new audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden claims responsibility for an attempt to blow up a plane en route to Michigan on Christmas Day and warns the United States of more attacks . The tape , which aired on the Arabic-language news Web site Al-Jazeera on Sunday , says "  the United States will not dream of enjoying safety until we live it in reality in Palestine . " The tape continues : "  It is not fair to enjoy that kind of life while our brothers in Gaza live in the worst of miseries . " CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the message , but the CIA has in the past confirmed Al-Jazeera reports on tapes from the al Qaeda leader . President Obama 's senior adviser David Axelrod told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that while there was no immediate confirmation that the message was authentic , it "  contains the same hollow justification for the slaughter of innocent people . " In another section of the audio tape that Al-Jazeera broadcast , the voice says : "  God willing our attacks will continue as long as you support the Israelis and may peace be on those who follow guidance . " Bin Laden also claims responsibility for the foiled attack on Delta flight 253 in December . "  The message intended to be sent to you was through the hero fighter Omar Farouq , may God release him , confirming an earlier message that the -LSB- September -RSB- 11th heroes delivered to you and it was repeated before and after -LSB- that event -RSB- , " he says . A Nigerian man , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , has been charged with attempting to blow up the Delta Airlines plane as it approached Detroit from Amsterdam , Netherlands . "  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the failed attack on Christmas Day . That 's clear , " a U.S. counterterrorism official -- who is not authorized to speak publicly -- told CNN . "  So a message like this -- no matter whose voice it may be -- should come as no surprise . Al Qaeda has , from time to time , tried to build support for its program of murder by talking about the Palestinian issue . That line 's never gotten them much in the past , and it 's unlikely to now , either . " Bin Laden had six messages in 2009 . The last was on September 25 and was "  to the European people . " In that message , he urged the countries to reconsider their involvement in the Afghanistan war . "  Today Europe is suffering an economic crisis , and its export reputation does n't hold true anymore , while America is bleeding economically because of all the wars it is involved in , " his last message said . "  Think about how Europe will fare when America pulls out of Afghanistan . You will be left to suffer alone the rage of the people you oppressed . " A security expert said there 's a possibility bin Laden did not know about the attempted attack in December and al Qaeda branches may be using it to prove themselves to the group 's leadership . "  They were able to get their man on an American plane on an American soil so it is successful by all means , " said Mustafa Al-Ani at the Gulf Research Center . "  The strategy is there , outlined by the mother leadership and now we will see the branches doing their best to please their leadership and implement al Qaeda vision in their own ways . " Bin Laden is thought to be hiding in the Pakistan-Afghanistan mountain region , according to intelligence experts .	NEW : Obama aide says tape tries to justify "  slaughter of innocent people " Tape allegedly of Osama bin Laden claims al Qaeda behind terror attempt "  The United States will not dream of enjoying safety " bin Laden purportedly says Tape aired on the Arabic-language news Web site Al Jazeera
CNN  -- Tregg Duerson , his face drawn and his eyes exhausted , expressed confusion and dismay about many of the details surrounding his father 's suicide last week . But he is sure about one thing . "  I wish I knew more answers . All I can do is trust what he 's told me ... what he asked me to do with his brain , " Duerson said . Last week , David Duerson , a 50-year-old former player for the NFL 's Chicago Bears , committed suicide by shooting himself in the chest . The details remain hazy , but family members believe that Duerson avoided injuring his brain so that it could be tested for disease . In the coming months , a group of scientists at the Boston University School of Medicine will scour his brain tissue for evidence of an insidious disease among footballers called chronic traumatic encephalopathy . "  That has to take a lot of strength and a lot of courage to do that , " said Otis Wilson , Duerson 's best friend and former Bears teammate . "  To donate your brain and the way that things went down . He 's always been a strong person on and off the field , and even at the end , he 's trying to help someone . " Warner : Playing through concussion ` part of the game ' Although Duerson did not say explicitly that he suspected chronic traumatic encephalopathy , his ex-wife said he knew that "  something was not right . " Recently , his vision had been failing him ; so had his ability to form coherent sentences and spell . And there was piercing pain on the left side of his brain . "  He felt the left side of his brain was the cause of many of his problems that he was experiencing , " said Duerson 's ex-wife , Alicia Duerson . The disease is associated with depression , cognitive problems and suicidal thoughts -- all of which Duerson seemed to suffer before his death . Dr. Robert Stern , a co-director of the Boston University School of Medicine Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy , stressed that as of now , "  We have no idea whether he had a disease . " It will be months before scientists can confirm whether Duerson 's cognitive and emotional problems were related to chronic traumatic encephalopathy . Once a brain is donated , Stern gets to work , quizzing the donors ' family members to get an accurate picture of the person 's health , behavior changes and the amount of brain trauma he or she suffered . At the same time , Dr. Ann McKee , a neurologist and co-director of the center , examines thin slivers of the donor 's brain and spinal cord tissue under a powerful microscope . "  McKee  does her determination of brain tissue without knowing much about the individual history and symptoms , " Stern said . "  So it does n't bias her interpretation of the brain exam findings . " What McKee has found in most of the brains she has examined is a central nervous system riddled with brown tangles -- damage characteristic of chronic traumatic encephalopathy -- in athletes with evidence of repeated brain trauma . Of more than 40 brains studied at Boston University , more than three-quarters have shown evidence of the disease . "  It is quite striking to see case after case , especially the ones who took many years of brain trauma , to find this in nearly every one , " said Chris Nowinski , co-director of the Boston University center . Alicia Duerson said her ex-husband suffered countless concussions on the field . "  Sometimes he would come home  from football games  with extreme headaches , " she said . "  We would meet after the game , and he would want me to drive because he felt dizziness or he just did n't feel stable . " Concussions , and traumatic brain injuries generally , have been implicated as a prime factor in chronic traumatic encephalopathy . It is a fact that has dogged the National Football League , which , for its part , has implemented more rigorous testing of players and rules changes to combat the trend . NFL head hits may mean sideline exams The NFL has also expressed an interest in sharing donated brain tissue , in cases such as Duerson 's , so that it can perform analysis of brain tissue in conjunction with institutions like Boston University . The league is seeking collaboration among experts studying the disease and is partnering with the National Institutes of Health and the University of Pennsylvania for more eyes , so to speak , on the issue . "  More people looking at this might give us a better answer , " said Dr. Richard Ellenbogen , co-chairman of the NFL Head , Neck and Spine Medical Committee . "  We are taking this very seriously , and accelerating research on  the disease  will help get us more insight . " For Duerson 's family , the first clue that something was wrong came by way of a cryptic text : "  a bizarre text message that he sent to my mother saying that he loved her and he loved my family and to please get his brain to the NFL brain bank , " Tregg Duerson said . If the text at first seemed mysterious , the same wish echoed by Duerson in a suicide note seemed to cement his resolve . It contained a simple , haunting final request : "  Please , see that my brain is given to the NFL 's brain bank . " Despite the chilling details of Duerson 's suicide last week -- and the questions still looming -- his family and friends cling to the hope that something good will come of their pain . "  It gives us a lot of comfort knowing that something positive and something great is going to come out of this for future players , for little leaguers , for everyone , " Alicia Duerson said of her ex-husband 's suicide . "  I think that is what we 're holding on to as a family . ... We 're just so proud of him at this very moment . " As difficult as it is to think about his friend 's demise , Wilson said he hopes that it will all make sense someday and that something substantive will happen as a result of Duerson 's donation . "  And once they find out what the cause is ... that the NFL takes a stand and says , ` OK , we 're going to try to alleviate this problem , because if you do n't , then all this was for nothing , " Wilson said .	David Duerson , former NFL player , shot himself in the chest last week Duerson requested that his brain be donated to test for disease NFL has joined fight against chronic traumatic encephalopathy Scientists at Boston University will study his brain tissue
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- The bodies of 152 people killed in a fiery plane crash in Iran Wednesday have been returned to their families , an Iranian state broadcaster reported Sunday . An Iranian Armenian woman places flower at crash site . Ahmad Majidi , the head of the special working group investigating the Caspian Airlines crash , also said a Russian team had arrived in Iran to help study the crash of the Russian-made plane , Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting said . The plane went down in a field near the city of Qavzin Wednesday , killing all 168 people on board and leaving a huge smoldering crater . Majidi did not say what had happened to the 16 bodies that have not been handed over . The plane 's flight data recorders have been recovered and are being studied by Iranian and Russian experts , IRIB said . Fragments of the plane are also being examined to help determine the cause of the crash , Majidi said . The plane "  disintegrated into pieces , " said Col. Masood Jafari Nasab , security commander of Qazvin . See a map of the crash location " Video of the crash site showed a huge crater in the earth scattered with charred pieces of the plane and tattered passports . Watch as the flight data recorders are recovered " "  The aircraft all of a sudden fell out of the sky and exploded on impact , where you see the crater , " a witness told Iran 's government-backed Press TV from the crash site . Ten members of the country 's youth judo team were aboard the plane , several sources including Press TV reported . The government-backed network said the dead included eight athletes and two coaches . It was at least the fifth major airline accident in the world this year , following crashes of planes flown by Colgan Air , Turkish Airlines , Air France and Yemenia Airways . A US Airways pilot managed to land his plane safely on the Hudson river in New York City in January , with no major injuries , after the plane lost power . But aviation safety expert John Wiley said there was no reason to fear air travel in general , and no one airline or aircraft is particularly dangerous . Caspian Airlines Flight 7908 -- a Russian-made Tupolev Tu-154M plane -- went down near the village of Jannatabad near Qazvin at 11:33 a.m.  2:03 a.m. ET  Wednesday , Press TV reported . Conversations between the pilot and the ground were normal and did not indicate any technical problems , the network 's Web site reported , citing the managing director of Iran 's airport authority without naming him . The Tupolev 154 is essentially banned in the West because it does not comply with European noise and pollution regulations , but it has a safer-than-average accident record , Wiley said . Wednesday 's crash is the first on record for Caspian Airlines , which was founded in 1993 , he added . The plane crashed 16 minutes after takeoff , said the newspaper Hamshari , quoting a spokesman from Iran 's civil aviation organization . That would have put the flight in one of the safest stages of travel , according to International Air Transport Association data . Only about 5 percent of accidents take place during the phase called en-route climb , 16 to 20 minutes into a flight , when a plane climbs to cruising altitude of 35,000 feet . About half of accidents take place during landing .	Bodies of 152 people killed in plane crash in Iran returned to their families Russian team arrives in Iran to help study crash of Russian-made plane Iran 's Press TV says flight data recorders of crashed plane damaged All 168 aboard killed when Tupolev Tu-154M went down near Qazvin
CNN  -- Every time I think the Republican Party can not get any more tone-deaf on issues involving race and equal rights , someone in leadership proves me wrong . In case you missed it , a group of Republican senators -- Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , Jefferson "  Jeff Davis " Sessions of Alabama and Jon Kyl of Arizona -- have decided that we might need to revisit the 14th Amendment 's provision granting citizenship to people born in the United States . This development , in response to illegal immigrants whose children are born in the United States , is simply stunning and reckless . Can anyone seriously argue that the Republican Party has not been hijacked by extremists ? Even once-sensible conservatives like Graham have drifted to a hard-right ideology so extreme that people of color , in this case Hispanics , will be hard-pressed to find a home in the GOP . These calls to revisit and possibly repeal the 14th Amendment 's naturalization clause is a very bad sign of things to come on the immigration front , and we should all pay close attention as we head into the 2010 election cycle . Ironically , if you look at the RNC website "  GOP.com , " a timeline shows that the party founded in part by Abraham Lincoln was once very progressive . It points out that a Republican Congress drafted and passed the 14th Amendment without a single Democratic vote . The lead sponsor was a GOP congressman from Ohio . Boy , have times changed . The 14th Amendment , adopted in 1868 in the aftermath of the Civil War , granted citizenship to "  all persons born or naturalized in the United States , " including recently freed slaves . The 14th Amendment intended to ensure civil rights to ex-slaves , or as we like to say , "  equal protection , " to those slaves under the laws . According to the Department of Homeland Security , about 10.8 million illegal immigrants were living in the United States in January 2009 . The Pew Hispanic Center estimates that in 2008 , 3.8 million illegal immigrants had children who were U.S. citizens . From the viewpoint of these conservative senators , repealing the citizenship clause could put a very swift end to the practice of people illegally crossing our borders to give birth so their children will be legal citizens of the United States . But here is what troubles me most as an African-American : Once again , the GOP is clueless to the ramifications of its public policy stances . Even Sen. John McCain , who is in a tough primary fight , has said we should look into the citizenship-by-birth provision . Tinkering with the 14th Amendment opens the door to further tinkering with the Constitution -- and when it comes to that , we should all take a hard pause . Like many Americans , I am concerned about the immigration challenge confronting our nation . But revisiting or reviewing the 14th Amendment is the wrong answer . To the Republican leadership I would simply ask : What are you thinking ? How in the world can you believe that this latest stunt will help you broaden your outreach to Hispanics and blacks ? How in the world can a party that did so many things right during its early days in the 19th century -- ended slavery , championed the 13th , 14th and 15th amendments , started Reconstruction -- end up so lost and monolithic in the 21st ? I would respectfully suggest that leaders in the Republican Party , who want to achieve a governing majority once again in this century , had better get under control , or better yet oust , those members who are playing to the worst of racial fears this fall . Immigration is a serious problem indeed , but it is not one that will be solved by stripping away the rights of citizenship to those born in the United States . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sophia Nelson .	Sophia Nelson : GOP , once progressive , now tone-deaf on race and ethnicity Immigration woes wo n't be helped by GOP revisiting 14th Amendment , she says GOP helped pass 14th Amendment granting citizenship to those born in U.S. Nelson : Tinkering with Constitution wrong ; would alienate blacks , Hispanics
Washington  CNN  -- A forensic psychologist endorsed a proposal to allow presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. more freedom away from his mental hospital , giving his opinion that Hinckley "  would not pose a significant risk . " Paul Montalbano 's testimony in federal court on Tuesday came on the 11th day of proceedings to determine whether Hinckley can spend more time visiting his mother in Virginia and might eventually be released as a permanent outpatient . Montalbano , an expert on risk assessments , is one of a number of mental health professionals who has been following Hinckley 's case for more than a decade . He was called by Hinckley 's legal team to support the view Hinckley is ready for more privileges and would not be a danger to himself or others . Hinckley , 56 , was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shootings of President Ronald Reagan , press secretary James Brady , Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy and Thomas Delahanty . Hinckley currently is allowed to spend 10 days a month at the Williamsburg , Virginia , home of his 86-year-old widowed mother . Montalbano said he supports St. Elizabeths Hospital 's plan to first give Hinckley two visits of 17 days and then six stays of 24 days . After that St. Elizabeths wants the authority to decide whether Hinckley can be placed on "  convalescent leave " to live in Williamsburg . Government prosecutors oppose the plan . During court proceedings , mental health professionals have presented varied views about the man who tried to kill Ronald Reagan in an attempt to impress actress Jodie Foster . Hinckley 's experts say his most serious mental diseases are in remission , that he 's made progress and can make even more if he 's allowed more time outside his mental hospital . Witnesses for the government say Hinckley is isolated and has made no friends during his trips to Virginia . They say he can be deceptive and has problematic relationships with women , most of whom he has met at St. Elizabeths . Hinckley has not testified . His voice has occasionally been heard by court spectators when he enters the court and says "  good morning " to his lawyers and the judge . He sits quietly listening to experts . The hearing resumes on Wednesday and could conclude this week . U.S. District Court Judge Paul Friedman is expected to take some time to review all the evidence before issuing a ruling on the hospital 's proposal .	Testimony in 11th day in hearing on giving John Hinckley more freedoms Forensic psychologist says he believes Hinckley "  would not pose a significant risk " Government prosecutors oppose mental hospital 's visitation plan Hinckley , 56 , wounded four people in the 1981 attempt on President Reagan 's life
London , England  CNN  -- The drone of the vuvuzela will not be heard in any European competitions after the continent 's governing body banned them from all stadiums hosting UEFA matches . The plastic trumpets that were used by fans at the FIFA World Cup in South Africa , will be banned from the Champions League and Europa League , as well as all Euro 2012 Qualifying matches . "  UEFA has decided that vuvuzelas may not be brought into stadiums at matches in UEFA competitions , " a statement on the governing body 's website said . The organization believes the instrument is integral to the football culture of South Africa , and its use in Europe would be inappropriate . "  The World Cup was characterized by the vuvuzela 's widespread and permanent use in the stands . In the specific context of South Africa , the vuvuzela adds a touch of local flavor and folklore , " the statement read . "  UEFA feels that the instrument 's widespread use would not be appropriate in Europe , where a continuous loud background noise would be emphasized . "  UEFA is of the view that the vuvuzelas would completely change the atmosphere , drowning supporter emotions and detracting from the experience of the game . " The plastic horns have divided opinion since July 's competition in South Africa , with numerous English Premier League clubs banning them from their stadiums . Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal were among the first clubs to issue a ban , citing irritation and safety concerns as their reasons . West Ham have also banned the vuvuzela , stating the horns could be considered a weapon .	UEFA have banned the vuvuzela from matches in any of their competitions Ban includes Champions League and Europa League matches , and Euro 2012 Qualifiers UEFA believe the horn is integral to football culture in South Africa
CNN Student News  -- May 15 , 2014 Today on CNN Student News : Turkey mourns the loss of hundreds in a mining accident , MERS makes its way to more countries , and an emotional tour through a museum recalls a day that changed a nation . We 'll also get you up to speed on how a twin managed to help her injured sister and keep their race on track . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What credible online sources might you consult to learn more about the possible outbreak of a disease ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . carbon monoxide 2 . MERS 3 . September 11 , 2001 Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where is the nation of Turkey located ? Why is Turkey a nation in mourning ? How many miners have been saved so far ? Why are hopes fading for rescuing more people ? 2 . What is MERS ? Where was this virus first confirmed ? How is the disease spread ? What common illness is in the same disease family as MERS ? What is the mortality rate for MERS ? What are its symptoms ? Where do experts think this virus may have come from ? What does the CDC advise people to do to protect themselves from MERS ? 3 . When is Patriot Day ? What event is remembered on this day ? In what year did the attacks happen ? Where is the 9/11 Memorial Museum located ? What are some of museum 's artifacts and reminders of the tragedy ? What is located behind the blue art installation ? Why is this an especially emotional place ? Why are only family members allowed behind this wall ? What is in the reflection room ? 4 . What is the focus of the exhibit that has become the biggest source of controversy at the museum ? Why are some criticizing the film in this exhibit ? How does the museum 's president respond to those who think al Qaeda should not be mentioned in the museum ? What is at the end of the museum ? What kinds of messages are on the Last Column ? 5 . What happened to Chloe Gruenke as she was running in a recent state track meet ? What did her sister Claire do to help her ? Why did Claire say she did this ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about the attacks of September 11 , 2001 ? Do you have any memories of that day ? Have you talked with relatives or friends who remember it ? What emotions are associated with that date ? What emotions do you think visitors might experience as they tour the 9/11 Museum ? 2 . What is your opinion of including al Qaeda in the 9/11 Museum ? Do you agree or disagree with the museum president 's rationale for including the terrorist group as an exhibit ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Having cycled around the world and then swum the length of Britain , adventurer Sean Conway is taking on an altogether different challenge -- to restore a historic wartime ship which was set for the sailing scrapyard . As well as saving a piece of maritime heritage , Conway says there was a more practical necessity behind his unusual purchase . "  Basically my swim from Land 's End to John O'Groats left me flat broke and I need somewhere to live , " he told CNN . "  I 'm 32 and have had to move back in with my mother . "  People have the impression that adventurers and explorers are all rich but nothing could be further from the truth . " Conway has sold the support boat that was his constant companion during his 900-mile  1400 km  four-and-a-half-month swim up the west coast of Britain last year to fund his purchase of Lady Sybil H , a six-berth motor yacht with historical connections . Titanic connection It was made in 1931 by famous Belfast shipbuilders Harland and Wolff , who were also responsible for the ill-fated Titanic . "  I love the history behind this , " said Conway . "  It has a double teak hull and being 82 years old was more of an attraction for me than just having a boat to live in . " Conway is writing a book and capitalizing on his new-found celebrity  "  the last month or so have been crazy "  to help fund the project , hoping to equip Lady Sybil so he can live completely self-sufficiently . "  That means solar panels and a wood-burning stove and other environmentally-friendly features , " he said . There is a "  growing demand " for wooden boats of this type , according to Paul Leinthall-Cowman , the owner of Classic Yacht Brokerage which sold Conway his piece of history , said "  It 's like owning a classic car , they stand out from the crowd , " he told CNN . Leinthall-Cowman has dealt in boats which have belonged to royalty and foreign heads of state , but it is doubtful he would have had such an unusual customer as the intrepid Conway . "  He actually brought Lady Sybil during the middle of his epic swim and had not actually set eyes on her , " he revealed . Online purchase Conway takes up the story : "  I saw it on eBay and thought , ` They must have got the price wrong , ' so I got my mother Badette to check it out . Living nearby , Badette was able to arrange a quick viewing and the purchase was completed . "  It needs a lot of work and it 's not habitable at the moment , " Conway admitted . Leinthall-Cowman , who has a special affection for Lady Sybil H and wanted her to go to a "  good home , " said he had no doubt Conway could achieve anything he set his mind to . "  He 's an extraordinary guy who breaks the mold , " he said . "  To do his swim on a shoestring budget makes it a remarkable achievement and it took quite a while for the penny to drop with a lot of people . " Conway and his four-strong support team left Land 's End on the southwestern tip of England on June 30 -- only able to start their adventure because of late help from swimwear manufacturer Speedo . By his own admission "  a pretty average swimmer , " the combination of difficult weather and his lack of experience put them behind schedule . Herculean task Conway 's coach Mark Kleanthous , himself a 36-time Ironman triathlete , had done his best to teach him better technique but knew he faced an herculean task even with such a determined athlete . "  He was below average as a swimmer , great fitness but with heavy dense legs that dropped in the water , " he told CNN . Helped by continuous tips from Kleanthous , Conway made painstaking progress along England 's west coast , averaging about 15 km per day spent in the water . He was severely hampered by tides , and especially jellyfish . Conway was stung so often he grew a "  ridiculous " ginger beard to protect his face with lashings of Vaseline . Conway , who once climbed Mount Kilimanjaro dressed as a penguin , cut an almost comic figure with his emaciated body -- his weight plummeted to below 10 stone  63 kg  -- topped by a giant and straggling mass of ginger hair and beard . But his determination to succeed was no laughing matter and , as he neared John O'Groats at the northern tip of Scotland , his feat began to capture the media 's attention . After completing the final agonizing stretch in freezing cold waters on November 11  "  way behind schedule , " said Kleanthous  Conway could perhaps perhaps afford to rest on his laurels and bask in the glow of his success . New challenge But for a man who needs to test himself in everything he does , from building a home on an old ship to raising money for his charities with his incredible endurance tests , it has not taken long for him to get itchy feet . "  My next challenge is running from Cairo to Cape Town , " he announced in a matter-of-fact way about a 7,000-kilometer journey across the continent of Africa . Not one to let the grass grow under those feet , Conway has already purchased a website domain to publicize his attempt . After his swimming and cycling feats , it would complete an "  ultimate triathlon " and he is planning to attempt the final leg in 2015 . He will again enlist the help of Kleanthous , who has run 75 marathons plus completing a triple Ironman where the final leg was a 126-km foot race . Kleanthous is warning that this will be the "  toughest challenge " yet for Conway . "  From first meeting Sean I knew he could cycle around the world and possibly swim the length of Britain , but this will be much harder despite him being slight in stature , " he added . "  Running long distances day in , day out is very destructive on the muscles and joints . " Rhino run ? Not only that , Zimbabwe-born Conway -- whose father is a rhino conservationist -- has been dabbling with the idea of running for an animal charity . But even he may baulk of running the whole thing in a rhino suit . "  Perhaps they can make me a lightweight version , " he joked . Assuming sales of his book and other media work bears fruit , Conway may also have the time between his training to restore Lady Sybil H to former glories . The 63ft Pinnace was a real work horse of the RAF Marine fleet , being used for the recovery of torpedoes , sea survival exercises and ferrying duties for service personnel . She was professionally converted to a motor-yacht in the late 1940s and owned by the same family until recently . Conway has already registered her with Britain 's National Register of Historic Vessels ahead of the further works . Cowman-Leinthall hopes the peripatetic Conway will use Lady Sybil H on Britain 's extensive network of canals to best "  show her off to the public . " Simple philosophy For now Conway will keep his mother company and prepare for his next epic adventure , but he is keen to emphasize that he is not some "  super human " individual and does not take himself too seriously . "  I do n't have titanium bones and I was not good at sports at school , " he said . "  My message is anyone can do this . " But Kleanthous believes his prot  g  does indeed belong to a special breed of individuals who can push themselves to the limit and beyond to achieve their goals . "  Humans have a natural instinct to explore and see what is possible , " he said . "  Some people dream but only a few go and find out what is possible . " Conway certainly falls into that category .	Sean Conway has cycled around the world and swum length of Britain His latest swimming feat left him drained of financial resources He has purchased a former wartime naval vessel to live on The 32-year-old is now training to run the length of Africa
CNN  -- A professional rugby league player has been jailed for two years for a drunken assault in Sydney , amid national soul-searching over the prevalence of alcohol-fueled violence in Australian society . Russell Packer , a former New Zealand representative who plays for the Newcastle Knights in Australia 's National Rugby League , attacked the victim during a night out drinking in Sydney 's CBD in November , stomping on the man 's face as he lay motionless . The severity of Monday 's sentence apparently came as a surprise , with Australia media reporting that Packer 's lawyer , Murugan Thangaraj , told the judge that he had no idea jail time was being considered . Packer 's long-time mentor , former player David Lomax , speculated to Fairfax Media that the 24-year-old 's "  harsh " sentence may have been a reaction to public concern over recent high-profile street assaults . The most recent victim , 18-year-old Daniel Christie , was critically injured after being punched in the face in Sydney 's King Cross nightlife district on New Year 's Eve . The assault , which left him in a coma with a fractured skull , occurred close to the spot where another 18-year-old , Thomas Kelly , was killed with a single punch in July 2012 . Kelly 's death drew public attention to the potential damage wreaked by "  king hits " -- a term widely used in Australian media for single , devastating punches -- and prompted the New South Wales state government to move to introduce a new "  one punch " law , that will remove the legal requirement to prove assailants know a blow will kill in order to secure a conviction . The recent assault on Christie has sparked calls from doctors , politicians and victims ' families for a concerted effort to tackle the problem of street violence , including an overhaul of Australian society 's relationship with alcohol -- and its close association with sporting culture . Prime Minister Tony Abbott has weighed into the debate , urging police and the courts "  to absolutely throw the book at people who perpetrate this kind of gratuitous , unprovoked violence " during an interview with an Australian radio station . He said the trend reflected the "  rise of the disturbed individual . " Steve Hambleton , the president of the Australian Medical Association , told CNN that changing habits of alcohol consumption was essential to tackling street violence . "  Australia seriously needs to think about its culture , that alcohol is connected next to nearly every gathering that occurs , " he said . "  You would be forgiven for thinking you ca n't be successful in life , you ca n't be successful with the opposite sex , you ca n't be a successful sportsperson unless you drink . " He said the current regime for the responsible service of alcohol had "  failed , " with "  too many intoxicated people being served alcohol . " Potential solutions included introducing early closing times , restricting the number of alcohol licenses and implementing "  no re-entry " policies in hotspots for violence , as well examining the relationship between alcohol and sport . "  All our youth are exposed to enormous amounts of alcohol advertising through sport , " he said . The acting leader of the Australian Greens , Richard Di Natale , called for a Senate inquiry into the promotion and advertising of alcohol . "  We need to have a close look at how the promotion of alcohol is contributing to a culture of drinking in this country that is unhealthy and dangerous , " said Di Natale , a former drug and alcohol clinician . "  Perversely linking healthy pursuits like cricket and football with alcohol through sponsorship and alcohol advertising is the dark side of Australian sport . " Christie 's family said even the widespread term "  king hit " should be abandoned . "  We do n't agree with the popular term ` king hit , ' " read a statement from the family . "  We have heard it referred to as a coward punch , which seems more appropriate . " New South Wales Police Minister Michael Gallacher said there was "  no silver bullet for alcohol-fueled violence , " but that initiatives rolled out in recent years had seen assaults in Kings Cross drop 33 % last summer . "  We will continue to work with NSW Police to curb alcohol-related violence , but individuals also need to take responsibility for their actions , " he said . Packer has launched an appeal of his sentence , which will be heard on February 11 . His lawyer , Thangaraj , did not return calls to CNN . Another National Rugby League player , Reni Maitua , is currently facing assault charges after a night out in Kings Cross in November .	Rugby league player Russell Packer was jailed for a late night assault in Sydney His mentor believes the "  harsh " sentence reflects public concern over drunken street violence An 18-year-old is in a coma after being punched in Sydney on New Year 's Eye Many public figures are calling for an overhaul of Australia 's relationship with alcohol
CNN  -- Authorities in Saudi Arabia targeting al Qaeda-linked militants have embarked on a large counterterror operation across the country , authorities said Tuesday . Security forces arrested 62 members of a terror cell linked to al Qaeda in Yemen and Syria , Saudi state media reported , citing the Interior Ministry . Police still sought 44 others suspected of involvement with the terror cell , the Saudi Press Agency said . The terror group planned to target installations inside the kingdom with the support of al Qaeda , state-run TV reported . The arrests were made across the country over the past two months , Saudi Interior Ministry spokesman Maj.-Gen . Mansour Al-Turki told CNN . "  This was a very significant counterterror operation and sweep that showcases quite clearly how committed the Saudi government is to combating al Qaeda within its borders and beyond , " one senior-level Saudi government official told CNN . "  This operation is not over yet . " This source , not authorized to speak to the media , requested anonymity . "  One of the most important aspects of this was focusing on and disrupting support these terrorist cells in the kingdom were giving to al Qaeda-affiliated fighters and cells in Yemen and in Syria , " the official said . "  As announced , this operation is not over yet -- the Interior Ministry is still on the hunt for dozens of others . " With the exception of a Palestinian , a Yemeni and a Pakistani , those seized were Saudis , Al-Turki said . The raids were not done in conjunction with the counterterror operations staged in Yemen over the past two weeks . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	With the exception of a few , most seized are Saudis Police are still hunting for 44 others allegedly tied to terror cell This was separate from raids staged in Yemen
Seattle  CNN  -- Washington teachers on strike for seven days reached a tentative agreement Wednesday to end their protests , following the intervention of the governor , a spokesman for the teacher 's union said . "  There 's a tentative agreement , which we will now vote on , " Union spokesman Rich Wood told CNN . "  All of the big issues , class size , teacher pay and transfers we were able to agree on . " Wood said more details of the planned deal would be discussed at a Thursday meeting for some 2,000 teachers who left the classroom for the picket line after negotiations with the Tacoma school district for a new contract broke down . Wood said teachers could go back to school as early as Friday if they approve the deal . A spokesman for the school district did not respond to CNN requests for comment on the proposed agreement . Earlier Wednesday , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire announced she would referee the feud between the Tacoma school district and striking teachers that had kept 28,000 students from classrooms for seven days . Negotiations at her office lasted about seven hours Wednesday before the agreement was announced . "  This agreement provides a long-term solution , meets the districts needs and ensures teachers remain proud to report to their classroom every day , " Gregoire said in a statement . Last week , a state judge ordered the teacher 's union and school district to restart stalled negotiations and told striking teachers to get back into the classroom . But the teachers , who have rejected school district proposals for a new three-year contract , continued their protests . Bryan Chushcoff , the judge hearing the case , said teachers and the union are defying his order . A hearing had been scheduled for next Tuesday to determine what penalties the teachers and union could face . Chushcoff said last week that an agreement could prevent further litigation from taking place over the strike . Contract talks between the school district and union fractured over teacher pay , class size and how educators are transferred between schools . Across Washington , state services cuts are in the works after the governor 's office last week said the state is expected to collect $ 1.4 billion less in revenue between now and June 2013 than previously forecast .	Washington 's governor intervenes in negotiations A meeting will be held Thursday to discuss details of the deal More than 2,000 Tacoma teachers have been on strike for a week Teachers could go back to class Friday
New York  CNN  -- Alex Rodriguez 's ongoing arbitration hearing into his record-setting 211-game suspension for allegedly violating Major League Baseball 's drug policy is supposed to be private . But baseball fans have already gotten a taste of how far each side is willing to go to prove their case , including paying huge sums of money for evidence and -- one man who has worked for Rodriguez claims -- allegedly intimidating a witness . The man asked for his identity to be concealed out of fear of retribution from Major League Baseball . We asked him if he ever saw Rodriguez use a performance-enhancing drug . "  Never , " he said . He claims MLB investigators pressured him to say he saw Rodriguez and other players use PEDs and that if he did n't he might not work again . "  I did n't see it , no , but I was pressured . ... A certain pressure on the part of Major League Baseball , " he said , according to a CNN translation . The man told CNN he was not paid by baseball or Rodriguez , a three-time Most Valuable Player and one of baseball 's all-time great sluggers . The man 's attorney says his client was questioned for eight hours at his house . "  It was definitely Major League Baseball investigators , " Roberto Cuan said . Rodriguez : ` I 'm fighting for my life ' Major League Baseball Chief Operating Officer Rob Manfred strongly denied any improper conduct on behalf of his legal team . "  Our investigators have complied with all legal and ethical requirements throughout the process , " he said . He said that included the legal purchase of evidence . Manfred confirmed authorizing $ 125,000 for documents to find out about violations of the league 's drug policy . "  There is nothing that is illegal or unethical about paying for documents . It 's sometimes necessary to pay for documents for information . " But what if those documents are stolen ? Attorney : Rodriguez had ` consulting relationship ' with Biogenesis The files in question come from the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in South Florida , which MLB says supplied steroids to at least a dozen baseball players . A police report obtained by CNN shows the files were reported stolen from the car of a former Biogenesis worker . The worker told police that MLB representatives had "  offered him a job and up to $ 125,000 for the client files . " The last offer was March 18 and the documents were stolen six days later , according to the police report . Manfred told CNN that no one from Major League Baseball knew the documents were reported stolen . "  In fact the people we bought them from made representations to the contrary , " he said . One of Rodriguez 's attorneys , Joe Tacopina , does n't buy it . "  Shocking . Shocking and deplorable , " he said . "  The things that they have done , the lines that they have crossed , the laws that they have ignored , the ethical violations that have been committed by members of the legal team . It 's disheartening because Major League Baseball is supposed to be the pinnacle of a sports organization in this country . " Alex Rodriguez sues Major League Baseball Major League Baseball points out it is n't the only one paying for evidence . It was revealed during the arbitration hearing on Rodriguez 's suspension that his representatives admitted paying a lot of money for "  evidentiary material . " "  We 've paid far less than they 've paid in this case , first and foremost , " Tacopina said . He said his side had paid $ 105,000 for "  actual documentation from two witnesses " and made a $ 200,000 deposit for a videotape they had yet to receive . The hearing went on hiatus two weeks ago so the arbitrator , Fredric Horowitz , could tend to other matters , It resumed Wednesday . Rodriguez was one of 14 players suspended in connection with the Biogenesis scandal and is the only one who appealed his suspension . Performance Enhancing Drugs in sports Rodriguez , 38 , is fifth on MLB 's list of all-time home run leaders , just six behind Willie Mays . He would make $ 25 million in 2014 , if his suspension is overturned . If his suspension is upheld , he wo n't be eligible to return until 49 games into the 2015 season . He has filed suit against MLB and retiring Commisioner Bud Selig , alleging they "  engaged in tortuous and egregious conduct with one and only one goal ... to destroy the reputation and career of Alex Rodriguez . " Tacopina said in August that Rodriguez was a consultant to Biogenenis . Opinion : How A-Rod let us down "  Clearly there was a relationship -- a consulting relationship , " Tacopina said . "  I mean , Biogenesis , that lab has consulted with many professional athletes . Not every single one of those athletes has been accused of or found guilty of using illegal substances . " He said Monday that Rodriguez had "  absolutely not " taken steroids recently and MLB does n't have any evidence that he had . However , Rodriguez has said he used drugs in the past . In 2009 , Rodriguez admitted to taking performance-enhancing drugs while a shortstop for the Texas Rangers between 2001 and 2003 . He won the first of his MVP awards in 2003 . He was traded to the New York Yankees before the 2004 season . He played 44 games this year , batting an underwhelming .244 with seven home runs after spending the first part of the season on the disabled list . A look at the life of Alex Rodriguez	Alex Rodriduez 's reps have paid $ 305,000 for documents , video in his suspension case MLB says it paid $ 175,000 for evidence but did n't know the papers were stolen Source says MLB tried to pressure him into saying ARod used steroids Rodriguez faces a potential 211-game suspension , longest in MLB history
CNN  -- Investigators have found the bodies of three small children and the father who allegedly abducted them from their home in Columbus , Georgia , two weeks ago , the FBI said Wednesday . Eddie Harrington threatened to kill his children before disappearing with them , police say . "  It is my sad duty to report that deceased bodies of these children and Eddie Harrington were located this afternoon , " said FBI Special Agent Gerald Green . A coroner would confirm the identities , he added . The remains were discovered in a wooded area of Columbus by a person walking nearby , Green said . Watch the FBI say the bodies were in a car " Eddie Harrington , 28 , whom police described as depressed , took the children March 5 , police said . Before he left , Harrington sent a letter indicating his intent to kill his twin 23-month-old girls , Aliyah and Agana Battle , and his son , Cedric Harrington , 3 , officials said . The day before Wednesday 's grisly discovery , the children 's mother told CNN 's Nancy Grace that Harrington had threatened them before . "  He 's just told me he 'll do anything to keep me at that time , and he said that he was going to take them and ... kill himself and the kids , " Agena Battle said . "  But then later on , he told me that it was just to prove to me that , you know , what he 'll do for me . " Battle also described the moment earlier this month when she knew something was wrong . "  I got home and I realized that the kids were n't there , and Eddie was n't there either , and when I looked on the dresser and read the note , that 's when I realized that my kids are in trouble , " she said . A week ago , a tearful Battle publicly begged her boyfriend not to harm the children . "  I am asking the public to please help me . I want my children home where they belong , with me , " she said at an FBI news conference . "  Please , if you see Eddie , the car or the children , please call 911 . Please help me and keep them in your prayers . " Watch the mother 's tearful plea " A child abduction alert was issued in Georgia after the children disappeared . "  We have great concern for the safety of these children , " Green said at the time . It was unclear what sparked Harrington 's decision to take the children , authorities said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Children 's mother says Eddie Harrington had threatened the kids before Harrington was last seen in Columbus , Georgia , March 5 Police say he was depressed , threatened to kill kids He took twin girls , 23 months , and boy , 3 , from their home
CNN  -- A major winter storm is expected to dump snow and ice across the southeastern United States Sunday night and Monday , potentially triggering power outages and possibly impacting travel throughout the country . The latest computer models show wintry weather extending from northeast Texas through the Carolinas , bringing freezing temperatures , snow and ice to areas that normally do n't see heavy winter precipitation , according to CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . The northern regions of Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia and the Carolinas should expect heavy snow , while ice storms are expected to affect the southern regions of those states , he said . Below freezing temperatures through Tuesday could leave trees and power lines across the south with a heavy coating of ice , said Hennen , which could cause numerous long-duration power outages . A winter storm warning has been issued by the National Weather Service for parts of Texas , Arkansas , Louisiana , Tennessee , Mississippi and Alabama . The agency warns that significant snow amounts could make travel difficult and dangerous . Three to eight inches of snow could fall by Monday evening and roads are expected to be hazardous through Monday night , especially secondary roads . A winter storm watch has also been put in place by the weather agency , stretching from northeast Texas to the far western corner of Virginia . Snow should begin falling in Atlanta during the evening hours Sunday , Hennen said , and it should continue to accumulate through Monday afternoon . Temperatures at or below freezing are expected to remain in place through Tuesday , keeping roads dangerous and travel difficult , he added . Hennen expects the storm to severely impact Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport . He said hundreds of flights could be cancelled , which would affect air travel all over the U.S. Parts of Louisiana could get up to an inch of ice , while other states in the region could get between a quarter and a half-inch of ice coating power lines , trees , bridges and roadways , CNN meteorologist Reynolds Wolf said . Alabama 's Emergency Management Agency began warning residents on Friday of the weekend storm . "  It is really important for Alabama residents to take this threat of severe weather serious , freezing weather over an extended period of time has the potential to cause power outages and an interruption in communication services , " Alabama EMA Director Brock Long said in a statement . Meanwhile , airlines were preparing for possible travel snarls ahead of the storm . "  Our big concern from an operating stand point is Dallas-Fort Worth . It depends on how quickly the snow moves eastward , " said American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith . American had not canceled any flights in the region as of Saturday morning , but was monitoring the forecast , Smith said . Anthony Black , a spokesman for Delta , said the airline expects "  to start seeing an impact tomorrow night  Sunday  around 6 p.m. " "  We will have flights canceled beginning then  and  probably through until as late as early Tuesday morning , " Black said . Meanwhile , snow moved into the Northeast but the region was spared a repeat of the Christmas blizzard that virtually shut down such large cities as New York and Philadelphia . Emergency management officials were able to quickly recover from the comparably light dusting of snow that began blanketing the region Friday . AirTran Airways had canceled only three flights Saturday morning into or out of New York 's LaGuardia and Boston 's Logan airports . All of the major airports were operating as normal Saturday with the exception of Philadelphia International Airport , which was under a ground delay due to the snowfall . "  In addition to being under an air traffic control ground delay program , they 're also de-icing aircrafts and that could tend to slow things down , " Southwest Airlines spokesman Chris Mainz said . More than 400 flights were canceled Friday due to the storm . Several major airlines -- including American , United/Continental , U.S. Airways and Delta -- announced that their customers could voluntarily reschedule flights to and from snow-affected areas without penalty . The heavy snow over the Christmas weekend hampered morning commuters , delayed first responders and even prevented aircraft service personnel from reaching airports where 29 international flights were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours , officials said . Following sharp criticism of the city 's slow response , John Doherty , the chief of the sanitation department , has made management and personnel shake-ups in Brooklyn . An investigation is currently under way into whether sanitation workers intentionally delayed cleanup efforts over frustrations about demotions and citywide budget cuts . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Snow , ice and freezing temperatures are expected across the southeastern U.S. NEW : Weather conditions in Atlanta could impact air travel across the country The storm is expected to begin hitting the area late Sunday Airlines are monitoring the forecast ahead of the storm
CNN  -- Film and television actor Ernest Borgnine , who won an Academy Award for his portrayal of a lovelorn butcher in 1955 's "  Marty , " has died at age 95 , his manager said Sunday . The thick-set , gap-toothed Borgnine built a reputation for playing heavies in early films like "  From Here to Eternity " and "  Bad Day at Black Rock . " But he turned that reputation on its head as the shy , homely title character in "  Marty , " taking home the Oscar for best actor -- one of four awards the film claimed . 1955 Oscars : A year of firsts His manager , Lynda Bensky , said Borgnine died of kidney failure Sunday afternoon . His wife , Tova , and children were at his side at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , she said . "  It 's a very sad day , " Bensky said . "  The industry has lost someone great , the caliber of which we will never see again . A true icon . But more importantly , the world has lost a sage and loving man who taught us all how to ` grow young . ' His infectious smile and chuckle made the world a happier place . " Born in Connecticut to Italian immigrants , Borgnine -- originally Ermes Effron Borgnino -- began taking theater classes after serving in the Navy during World War II . Some things you may not know about Ernest Borgnine He had joined the service after graduating from high school during the Great Depression and had been discharged in 1941 , but re-enlisted after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor launched the United States into World War II . He made the move to films and then television in 1951 , racking up more than 200 credits in projects ranging from the era of live television drama to the children 's cartoon "  SpongeBob SquarePants . " He starred in the 1962-66 sitcom "  McHale 's Navy , " was one of the original celebrities on the game show "  The Hollywood Squares " and played William Holden 's right-hand-man in Sam Peckinpah 's revisionist Western "  The Wild Bunch . " He also was a regular on the 1980s television drama "  Airwolf " and a frequent guest star on a variety of shows . In addition to his Oscar for "  Marty , " Borgnine was nominated for three Emmys -- the most recent in 2009 , for a guest spot on the hospital drama "  ER " -- and won a life achievement award from the Screen Actors Guild in 2010 . Tova Borgnine , whom the actor married in 1973 , was his fifth wife . His previous marriages included a brief 1964 union with Broadway legend Ethel Merman that lasted barely a month before the couple separated . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	NEW : Borgnine died of kidney failure in Los Angeles , his manager says Borgnine won an Academy Award for 1955 's "  Marty " He went on to television stardom in the 1960s in the comedy "  McHale 's Navy " One of Borgnine 's late-in-life credits was the cartoon "  SpongeBob SquarePants "
