CNN  A Canadian couple has reached out to the Internet to help save their twin 3-year-olds . Binh and Phuoc Wagner both require a liver transplant to survive . The problem is that their father , Michael Wagner , can donate to only one of the pair . Wagner and his wife , Johanne , have taken their search for a second donor to social media , establishing a Facebook page , Liver Transplants for our Vietnamese Twin Girls , which has garnered more than 5,000 likes as of Monday afternoon . The Kingston , Ontario , couple also has a blog , One More Potato in the Pot , about their lives with nine children , four of whom are adopted . "  We need people to come forward , people who are willing to be assessed to be live liver donors , " Johanne Wagner told CBC News on Sunday . "  Things could turn around very quickly on us , and their condition could get worse . " The twins were adopted from Vietnam in November 2012 , when they were 18 months old . The pair are afflicted with Alagille syndrome , a genetic disorder that causes liver damage because of bile duct abnormalities , according to the National Institutes of Health 's Genetics Home Reference . Among other issues , the ailment causes the twins to itch severely -- enough that they scratch while they sleep , creating sores . The Wagners ask interested parties to contact the following : Toronto General Hospital  UHN Living Donor Assessment Office 416-340-4800 ext. 6581 and specify that you are willing to be assessed to donate to either Thi Binh La or Thi Phuoc La  date of birth May 14 , 2011  . You can also go to this website or print the Donor Health History and fax it to 416-340-4317 . "  When we went to Vietnam , before we went , we knew that they were very ill , and we knew it was liver-related , " Michael Wagner told CBC News . "  We said , ` All right , we 're committed , and we 're going to move forward with the hope that everything is going to be OK . ' " The Wagners have been updating their Facebook page since establishing it December 26 . What 's needed , they say , is someone who meets the following qualifications : 1  be older than 18 and younger than 60 . 2  be in good overall health and physical condition . 3  have a compatible blood type : A or O  rhesus factor positive or negative does not matter  . 4  have a BMI of less than 35 to be worked up for consideration and no greater than 32 at the time of surgery  transplant  . Livers do regrow , but a donor would have to be in a hospital for several days and take another few weeks to recover . In the meantime , the Wagners and the girls ' doctors are monitoring the situation . If things take a turn for the worse , the twins ' doctor Dr. Binita Kamath told CBC News , the girl who will receive Michael Wagner 's liver will be chosen based on immediate need . "  I think we will make the decision based on facts and keep it as dispassionate as possible , " she said . "  We feel comfortable making this decision . "	The twins need liver transplants , or they 'll die The girls are afflicted with Alagille syndrome ; their father can help just one
CNN  -- Colombia 's largest rebel group said it plans to release French journalist Romeo Langlois some two weeks after taking him "  as a prisoner of war . " Colombian rebels called for a committee composed of former Colombian Sen. Piedad Cordoba , a representative of newly elected French President Francois Hollande and the International Committee off the Red Cross to arrange for the journalist 's transfer . Cordoba , a human rights activist , has been instrumental in many hostage releases involving the rebel group . She most recently spearheaded this year 's release of the last 10 government hostages held by the guerrilla group . ICRC Spokesman Daniel Munoz said the group is ready facilitate the release . "  We hope  the rebels  will contact us again , this time to give us a date and time , " Munoz said . "  We reiterate we are at their disposal with our boats , with our cars , with all our logistics , with all our delegates , anywhere in the country . " Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said this month that his government would do whatever was necessary to guarantee Langlois ' release . "  The Colombian government is willing to provide all the facilities so the release occurs as quickly as possible , but if you really want to be viewed well by the world , release him now and simply tell us where he is and we will go get him . " Langlois , who works for France 24 and is a war reporter with more than 10 years experience in the country , was reporting alongside soldiers when the rebel group attacked , the Colombian government said . During the raid , a sergeant , two soldiers and a national police officer were killed , the Ministry of National Defense said ; six others were injured . The Colombian government is expected to hold a hearing on the April 28 operation . Colombian defense minister Juan Carlos Pinzon , along with the Commandant of the Colombian Army Gen. Alejandro Navas are expected to take part . . Kidnapping government forces and civilians has been a key strategy of the rebel group . Dramatic rescues , escapes and hostage handovers have revealed harsh conditions in jungle camps , including stories of prisoners chained to trees , grueling marches between hideouts , torrential rain and blistering sun . While severely weakened in recent years , the rebels have continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . The 10 hostages released last month were members of the military and police that FARC said were its last government hostages . In February , FARC also said it would stop kidnapping civilians for money . The rebels did not address the fate of its civilian captives then , nor did it renounce kidnapping for political purposes .	Officials say Romeo Langlois has been missing since an April 28 rebel attack The International Committee of the Red Cross says it ready to help with a release Kidnapping government forces and civilians are a key strategy of the rebel group , FARC . Colombia 's president calls on rebels to free the reporter "  and simply tell us where he is "
CNN  -- I wanted to believe the man in front of me was n't a rapist . I knew he was a former Sudanese soldier , I knew he wanted to talk about rape in Darfur . A humanitarian group working on Darfur issues had introduced him to us . They told us his testimony was important to hear . A woman left homeless by conflict in Darfur walks along railway tracks . Last year in Darfur aid workers told me children as young as five were being raped in the huge displacement camps that are home to several million Darfuris . In some camps , they told me , rape had become so common that as many as 20 babies a month born from rape were being abandoned . As I sat inches from Adam -- not his real name -- I feared the revulsion I knew I would feel at my own questions as I asked about rape and his involvement . I have interviewed rape survivors in Darfur . I have two daughters . I am a human being with a conscience . It would be hard to listen to his replies . He told me he was conscripted by force in to the Sudanese army in the summer of 2002 . He thought he was being taken for six months ' national service and then would be released . The conversation was slow going at first . We were both holding off from delving into the sordid details he 'd come to discuss . His answers were short , he told me he got no pay from the army , only food and drink . He said he was rounded up in an army truck from a market in Darfur and trained to kill . He said he was armed with Kalashnikovs and told to "  shoot targets . " Watch ex-soldier describe brutal attacks on children to Nic Robertson " Then , he says , his officers told him "  we will be taken to a patrol and then soon after that we were asked to join other people to go and burn and kill people " . That 's when he says he realized he was n't getting national service training , that in fact , he was being forced into war against his will , with his own people . "  They are black , " he told me , noting the difference between the lighter skinned rulers of Sudan and the darker farmers of Darfur . "  I am black , " he said , "  this should n't be happening . " But , he said , worse than being told to kill his own people , was that if he tried to resist , he himself would be killed . "  The order is that the soldiers at the front , and there are some people who are watching you from behind , if you try to escape or do anything you will get shot . The order is that we go to the village , burn it and kill the people . " It felt as Adam was beginning to open up a little -- not easy , given the topic , and the lights and cameras all around us . He was beginning to talk a bit more , answer questions with more than one or two words . But it was following a pattern : I 'd have to lead the way . We were both waiting for the inevitable . How he came to know of rape in Darfur . And that 's when he said it . Watch warrant being issued for president " He brought up the rape by himself . He was talking through a translator but his voice was quiet . I thought I heard anger , heard him slow and his voice drop : "  I had no choice , " he said "  but I will say that I did n't kill anybody but the raping of the small children , it was bad " I knew this was going to be difficult and now it had begun . What happens with the children , I asked . "  They cry out , " he answered . "  And what happens when they cry out ? " "  Two persons will capture her while she is crying and another raping her , then they leave her there , " came his reply . Silence . "  What do I ask now ? " I thought . Be forensic . Get the story . This is important testimony , I reminded myself . And so we continued , Adam describing in detail how soldiers raped girls as young as 12 . How officers ordered them to do this to make people flee their villages , run away and never come back . Through all of this , Adam did n't once mention whether he actually had been directly involved in the raping . He said he tried to desert the army as soon as he could , but was caught and tortured . He showed me the scars where he said he was tied down beneath a tree and officers set fire to tires above him , dripping burning rubber on his body . Eventually , he said , he did get away , went to his sisters , tried joining the rebels to fight the army . But even there , his troubles were far from over . Incredibly , he said , the rebels did n't trust him ; he was kept at their camp and only escaped when it was bombed by the army . The end of his story , but we were n't really done . One more question . Had he been forced to rape children ? "  Yes I did , they were government orders , " came his reply . How many ? "  Well it did n't feel like raping , I was feeling very bad but as I was ordered , I had to do something . What I did was take off my trousers and lay myself on top of the girl but I did n't feel like raping , so I lay there for about 15 minutes . " I want to be sure I understand him . "  So you did n't actually penetrate the girls ? " I ask . No , he says , "  because I had no feeling for it , my penis did n't actually wake up , so there was no actual penetration , " he replied . There were other people in the room , the translator , a cameraman , our producer Jonathan Wald , but I had forgotten they were there . My thoughts were entirely locked on Adam . What more could I ask ? I was emotionally drained . There was no way of knowing whether he was telling me the truth . Only in the measure of his voice was there a clue . Here , sitting on an office chair , thousands of miles away from Darfur , the memories come flooding back . The many , traumatized women and children we 've interviewed , distraught families , unable to protect themselves . The pain we put them through , to recount , to relive , their nightmares . Each time , I 've asked myself can I justify the suffering these questions cause ? Each time , I tell myself it is only their own accounts that can cast light on the darkened corner of humanity they inhabit . Only their own accounts that can help break their cycle of suffering . Time and again , though , it seems telling the world their stories has little tangible impact on their reality of their lives . And now I 'm face-to-face with a man who says he was part of the suffering , albeit by his own account not complicit and not guilty . I am left with the thought perhaps Adam 's words carry even greater power . If his story is true -- and it mirrors other accounts emerging from Darfur -- then it implicates the government in these terrible crimes . He says he has trouble sleeping at nights . I can understand why . He is not alone . Aid workers say millions of women in Darfur not only have trouble sleeping at nights , but live in fear of rape 24 hours a day .	Former soldier says he was armed with a Kalashnikov and told to kill "  Adam " describes taking part in rape attacks on children in Darfur Victims included girls as young as 12 , he says
Hong Kong  CNN  Please be more like sheep . Believe it or not , that 's the Lunar New Year message for the people of Hong Kong from the city 's leader C.Y. Leung . "  In the coming year , I hope that all people in Hong Kong will take inspiration from the sheep 's character and pull together in an accommodating manner to work for Hong Kong 's future , " he said . Hong Kong 's leader is hoping his flock wo n't rock the boat after one very tumultuous year . For 79 days in late 2014 , student-led protests for democratic open elections took over major streets in the heart of the city . It was the biggest political challenge to Beijing since the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests . And while the Umbrella Movement , so named after umbrellas were used to shield protesters from the tear gas and pepper spray deployed by police , is no longer blocking the roads , Hong Kong 's young protesters have vowed to return in force in the Year of the Sheep . "  I believe within this year they will have a new act , they will have occupy action or civil disobedience again , " says Joshua Wong , the teenage face of the Occupy protests and co-founder of the student activist group Scholarism . "  And Occupy action will be happening more often in the future . " As pledged in their "  we 'll be back " slogans at the end of the protest in December , the demonstrators plan to return and will once again rely on the civil disobedience tactics that eventually turned public opinion against them . "  It 's the only way I see now that will actually give pressure to the government because you are actually blocking the roads , causing some problems and some trouble to the government , " says student activist Glacier Kwong of Keyboard Frontline . "  It will increase the ruling cost of the government so that they will have to react . " Young people have been at the forefront of the democracy movement in Hong Kong , where they face a growing shortage of university places , disappointing job prospects , and a widening wealth gap . But they -- and the pro-democracy legislators who have joined their protest -- insist the reason for their protest is both economic and political . "  The livelihood issue of the people of Hong Kong is very much affected by the political structure which completely swings over to the upper class and the elite , " says Lee Cheuk-Yan , a pro-democracy lawmaker and former student activist who was detained during the Tiananmen uprising . "  For young people in Hong Kong , if you want to climb that so-called ladder of mobility , you have to be politically ... correct and that is horrible . " Since the handover from Britain in 1997 , Hong Kong has been governed under China 's principle of "  one country , two systems " -- giving it rights and freedoms unseen in the mainland . But Hong Kong 's student protesters want more . They want the right to vote on candidates for chief executive who are independent of Beijing . "  It 's not like the Chinese government owes us anything , " says Kwong . "  We have the right to have these things . We have the right to have democracy -- true democracy -- and universal suffrage because this is a human right . " Creating ' a miracle ' Idealistic words . And her teenage ally is not shy to admit the challenges ahead . "  Fighting for true universal suffrage in Hong Kong is trying turn something impossible to possible , " concedes Joshua Wong . "  Under the democracy movement , every activist is trying to create a miracle . " In the early days of the Umbrella Movement , Kwong posted an earnest online appeal to "  Please help Hong Kong . " The clip quickly went viral , reaching more than a million views . After making the cover of Time magazine 's international edition , Wong was included in the magazine 's annual list of most influential teenagers . Their struggle for democracy was also mentioned this week in an Oscars acceptance speech , as musician Common linked the American civil rights movement to Occupy Hong Kong . Such global attention is coveted by the territory 's pro-democracy activists . "  What we need is international public opinion to keep a watch on China , so that they should leave Hong Kong alone , " says Lee . "  We in Hong Kong , we have nothing . We do n't have arms , we do n't have anything to protect ourselves . We have just the people . " And people in Hong Kong are nothing like sheep , especially its young activists . They are dauntless and determined to have a say in Hong Kong 's political destiny .	In his Lunar New Year message HK leader C.Y. Leung urged residents to be more accommodating , like sheep But activists behind the pro-democracy Umbrella Movement have vowed to return to the streets They tell CNN they see civil disobedience tactics as the only way to put pressure on the government
CNN  -- If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , then fast food giant Burger King is paying its longtime industry rival a royal compliment . In a new television commercial , Burger King 's mascot , a slightly sinister king with an outsized , motionless plastic head , breaks into the headquarters of McDonald 's and steals the recipe to their Sausage McMuffin with egg and cheese . The advertisement is a parody of super agent derring-do , with high-tech gadgets and a swift getaway . But it 's also a sly wink at Burger King 's new BK Breakfast Muffin Sandwich 's undeniable resemblance to the classic Sausage McMuffin . But are McDonald 's executives upset with this campaign ? Have lawyers been rallied and accusatory calls been made ? "  We have n't received any direct feedback from competitors , " said Brian Gries , Burger King 's vice president of marketing impact . Gries further defends his company 's choice to be up-front about the similarities between the BK Breakfast Muffin and the McMuffin , saying , "  We are not above taking a product that we know customers like and delivering it to our guests at a great price . " In fact , many others in the fast food arena are n't averse to this , either . For instance , both the BK Breakfast Muffin and the Egg McMuffin are part of special breakfast "  dollar menus . " But , as Gries points out , "  we were the first to launch a national breakfast value menu , and now you see that becoming an industry norm . " But it 's a "  norm " that is rarely acknowledged . When asked about Burger King 's campaign admitting to "  stealing " the Sausage McMuffin , a McDonald 's representative said , "  We remain focused on our business and serving our business . " The proof , however , is on the record . Even if Burger King had n't publicly admitted "  burglarizing " McDonald 's , the McMuffin arrived to market first . The original Egg McMuffin was conceived in 1972 . Fortunately for competitors , McDonald 's does n't own the rights to eggs , sausage , cheese or English muffins . Just the powerful brand-name "  McMuffin . " But even "  the House That Ronald Built " is n't above finding inspiration in the products of other fast food innovators . In 2008 , McDonald 's faced criticism for launching its Southern-Style Chicken Sandwich , which featured a fried chicken cutlet on a buttered bun with two pickles . To fast food connoisseurs , it appeared nearly identical to the chicken sandwich that made Georgia-based Chik-fil-A famous . These allegations were disputed by McDonald 's . And this is n't the first time Burger King has created a product that mirrored its longtime rival . The Big Mac is McDonald 's signature burger : two all-beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese , pickles , onions , served on a sesame seed bun . But in 1997 , Burger King released the Big King , which was two all-beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese , pickles , onions , served on a sesame seed bun . The difference between the Big Mac and the Big King ? It was n't the "  special sauce , " a variation on Thousand Island dressing . It was the beef patties : Burger King "  flame-broils , " but McDonald 's "  grill fries . " The Big King was discontinued in 2003 .	Some food fights are so polite that the public may not notice But Burger King commercialized its copying of McDonald 's Sausage McMuffin Burger King executive : No direct feedback from competitors In 2008 , McDonald 's launched chicken sandwich similar to Chik-fil-A 's
EW.com  -- You 've seen it a hundred times , in any thriller that finds the hero perched on a ledge or on the edge of a building 's rooftop . The camera moves up and tilts downward , in a smooth unbroken shot , so that we can all know that the actor is really standing there . By now we 're more than ready for that shot  it 's become fairly ho-hum  . But there 's no way that I was ready for the extraordinary , dread-inducing Look Ma , no safety net ! sequence in "  Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol " where Tom Cruise makes his way across the surface of the Burj Khalifa in Dubai -- the world 's tallest skyscraper -- while clinging to the building 's glass panels with a pair of electrified adhesive gloves . Cruise , as IMF agent Ethan Hunt , is trying to break into the suite that houses the skyscraper 's - computer servers , and this is the only way he can do it without being detected from within . Brad Bird , the director of Ghost Protocol , knows all too well that the audience will be on the lookout for any tell-tale cut , any obvious digital image , anything at all that reveals that Tom Cruise is n't really on the side of that skyscraper . And damned if we can find one ! This is a sequence so ingeniously conceived and shot that even the audience does n't want to look down -- a sequence so death-defying that it gets you laughing at your own susceptibility  especially if , like me , you happen to have a fear of heights  . Shimmying up and down and around the building 's surface , with the ground looking as if it must be a mile below , Cruise becomes a fearless human bug  think Spider-Man without the superpowers  . Then , just as we 're sure that our hearts could n't dig any deeper into our throats , one of his gloves begins to short out and lose adhesive power . Do n't you hate when that happens ? ` American Horror Story ' : Ryan Murphy talks the game-changing season finale "  Ghost Protocol " brims with scenes that are exciting and amazing at the same time ; they 're brought off with such casual aplomb that they 're funny , too . Early on , Hunt and a fellow agent , the nattering tech nerd Benji  Simon Pegg  , have to penetrate the archive room of the Kremlin , and they do it in captivating silence by hiding behind a scrim that projects , to the security guard , an exact image of the hallway they 're in  minus the two of them  . It 's the spy equivalent of a magic trick , and that 's the spirit of the whole movie . "  Ghost Protocol " is fast and explosive , but it 's also a supremely clever sleight-of-hand thriller . Brad Bird , the animation wizard  "  The Incredibles , " "  The Iron Giant "  , makes the leap to live action with the kind of skill Paul Greengrass brought to the "  Bourne " films , only Bird , showing an animator 's miraculously precise use of visual space , has a playful , screw-tightening ingenuity all his own . ` The X Factor ' recap : You Oughta Show After an epic explosion rocks the Kremlin , the entire IMF gets " disavowed , " and Hunt and his team find themselves cut off , without backup . Suddenly they 're rogue agents , like an espionage version of the Ocean 's gang , only with far more important priorities . Their mission is to stop Hendricks  Michael Nyqvist , dour costar of the Swedish Girl With the "  Dragon Tattoo " films  , a lone terrorist who has stolen the Russian nuclear codes , from launching a missile and kicking off a nuclear war . All because he 's a nihilist nut who really wants to . Hunt 's team , aside from Benji  played by Pegg with impish timing  , includes the terrific Paula Patton as the dangerously beautiful and ruthless Jane , and Jeremy Renner , all moody reticence , as a desk jockey named Brandt with a backstory that makes it look , for a time , like he 's Ethan 's ambiguous adversary . Together , these four execute fake seductions and underworld meetings , take parking-garage fight scenes to new heights of layer-cake suspense , and race against the clock of a nuclear countdown that 's just jittery enough to make the unthinkable credible . Kathy Griffin kalls out Kim Kardashian in latest stand-up special It 's become easy to take Tom Cruise 's skill for granted  even his fans do  , but in "  Ghost Protocol " he has a pulsating presence , a dynamic mind-body fusion . From the moment he gets broken out of a Russian prison cell , only to argue with Benji via video feed as chaotic violence swirls all around him , Cruise energizes the film with his no-sweat bravura . He kicks a ** like an Ultimate-Fighting bruiser , he races vehicles like a demon -- but more than any of that , he invests every line , every situation , with the cleanly intense , fired-up concentration of an actor who means it . Powered by Cruise 's moxie , "  Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol " proves that in a Hollywood action-ride , culture drenched in fake adrenaline , it 's cathartic to encounter the real thing . A See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Ghost Protocol " brims with scenes that are exciting and amazing at the same time Tom Cruise plays IMF agent Ethan Hunt in the flick "  Ghost Protocol " is fast and explosive , but it 's also a supremely clever sleight-of-hand thriller
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian lawmakers denounced Monday 's protests in Tehran and called for the execution of two opposition leaders for inciting the demonstrations , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported Tuesday . Members of the Iranian parliament issued fiery chants against opposition leaders and former presidential candidates Mehdi Karrubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi . Press TV aired video Tuesday of lawmakers chanting "  Moussavi , Karrubi ... execute them . " Lawmakers also named former President Mohammad Khatami in some of the death chants . The calls for the leaders ' executions come after a particularly deadly month in Iran . At least 66 people were executed in January , according to Iranian media reports . Most of the executions were reportedly carried out for drug offenses , although at least three involved political prisoners , a U.N. statement said . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay expressed alarm earlier this month over the number of executions . Iranian leaders have praised Egypt 's revolution , but Monday when protesters in Iran took to the streets the government cracked down hard . Last week , the Iranian government rounded up activists after Karrubi and Moussavi called for supporters to gather at Azadi Square -- the site of mass protests by Iran 's opposition movement after the disputed 2009 presidential elections . Despite the security crackdown , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched in Tehran Monday . Patrolling security forces battled protesters with batons and tear gas for much of the day . The massive crowd was largely cleared from the city 's streets by nightfall and the main squares near Tehran University remained free of police , security forces or protesters . Dozens of demonstrators were detained during Monday 's protests , while videos posted on the showed others had been chased and beaten . One person was shot and killed during the protests , according to Iran 's semiofficial Fars news agency . Several others were injured and listed in serious condition as a result of the shooting , which the Iranian government blamed on "  agitators and seditionists . " The official Islamic Republic News Agency reported that nine security force members were among those injured in the protests , which the country 's deputy police chief called "  illegal gatherings ... directed from America , England and Israel . " "  The hands of sedition leaders are drenched in blood and they should answer for these actions , " Ahmad Reza Radan said , according to IRNA . Video uploaded to YouTube showed throngs of demonstrators marching , burning posters of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and in one instance beating a man who appeared to try to remove a poster from the hands of protesters . Other YouTube video showed police in riot gear pursuing dozens of people running away from the baton-wielding officers . Other videos show similar protests going on in other cities in Iran such as Shiraz and Isfahan . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the videos and witnesses declined to be named for fear of retribution . Reporting from Iran proved extremely difficult Monday -- foreign journalists were denied visas , accredited journalists living in the country were restricted from covering the demonstrations and internet speeds slowed to a crawl in an apparent attempt to both limit protest organizing and restrict information from being transmitted out of the country . Catherine Ashton , the European Union foreign policy chief , released a statement Tuesday urging Iranian officials to "  fully respect and protect the rights of their citizens , including freedom of expression and the right to assemble peacefully . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Lawmakers call for the execution of opposition leaders Mehdi Karrubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi A European Union official urged Iran to "  fully respect " the rights of its citizens Protesters were largely cleared from the streets by Monday night
CNN  -- Real Madrid kept the pressure on Spanish leaders Barcelona with a 2-1 victory in the capital derby against Atletico on Saturday . Barcelona earlier defeated Getafe by the same scoreline to move eight points clear at the top , but Jose Mourinho 's men responded by beating Atletico for the fourth time this season . Karim Benzema continued his recent hot scoring run to put Real ahead in the 11th minute at the Vicente Calderon , with the France forward netting for the eighth time in five games after a clever stabbed pass from Sami Khedira . Khedira 's fellow Germany midfielder Mesut Ozil made it 2-0 in the 32nd minute with his sixth La Liga goal this season , sidefooting a powerful left-foot effort from Marcelino 's left-wing cutback that Atletico keeper David de Gea could only help into the net . The lead at times flattered Real , who needed a string of fine saves from goalkeeper Iker Casillas to keep Atletico at bay . Striker Sergio Aguero finally scored a deserved goal in the 86th minute after a well-worked one-two with Koke inside the penalty area , but Atletico did not seriously threaten again in the three minutes of time added on . It capped a fine week for Mourinho , who guided Real into the quarterfinals of the European Champions League for the first time since 2004 , with a tie against England 's Tottenham awaiting . Barcelona are also through to the last eight of that competition , facing Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk with the winner to play either Real or Spurs in the semis . Pep Guardiola 's team went into the home match against Getafe without veteran French defender Eric Abidal , who had an operation to remove a liver tumor last Thursday , plus captain Carles Puyol , winger Pedro and Maxwell . But with the likes of Lionel Messi and David Villa in the line-up , the Catalans always had too much firepower against a team which has slumped out of European qualification contention . That star duo did not add to their formidable goal tally this season , as Brazil fullback Dani Alves broke the deadlock in the 17th minute with a fierce half-volley from outside the penalty area . Villa was booked for diving before halftime , then Messi helped 20-year-old Bojan Krkic make it 2-0 four minutes after the break with a low shot that took a huge deflection . It was Krkic 's 100th La Liga outing for Barcelona , and featured his second successive goal and sixth of the campaign . With Barca coasting , Getafe gave the home fans a late scare when Manu del Moral volleyed home a cross in the 87th minute . In Saturday 's other game , Real Mallorca moved up to ninth place with a 1-0 win at home to Real Zaragoza , who remained four points above the bottom three . In Italy , Serie A leaders AC Milan suffered a shock 1-0 defeat at Sicilian club Palermo on Saturday . Defender Dorin Goian 's 11th-minute winner gave defending champions Inter Milan the chance to close to within two points of their city rivals by beating lowly Lecce on Sunday . Third-placed Napoli can cut Milan 's lead to three points by beating Cagliari in Sunday 's late match . In Saturday 's other game , Lazio moved back into fourth place with a 1-0 win at home to struggling Cesena thanks to a second-minute goal from striker Mauro Zarate .	Barcelona remain five points clear of Real Madrid after both teams win on Saturday La Liga champions Barca cruise to a 2-1 victory at home to Getafe Real respond by beating Atletico by the same score in the Madrid derby Italian Serie A leaders AC Milan suffer a shock 1-0 defeat at Sicilian club Palermo
CNN  -- Just under ten years ago , the Dutch-British physicist Andre Geim stumbled across a substance that would revolutionize the way we understand matter and win him and his colleague Kostya Novoselow the 2010 Nobel Prize for Physics . It was graphene -- a one atom thin substance . The Professor of Physics at Manchester University talks to CNN about discovering the first ever 2-dimensional material . CNN : Graphene has been described as a ` miracle material ' , but what exactly is it ? Andre Geim : It 's the thinnest material you can get -- it 's only one atom thick . A tiny amount can cover a huge area , so one gram could cover a whole football pitch . It 's the strongest material we are aware of because you ca n't slice it any further . Of course , we know that atoms can be divided into elementary particles , but you ca n't get any material that is thinner than one atom , or it would n't count as a material anymore . Graphene is stronger than diamond ; it shows extraordinary heat conductance ; it conducts electricity a thousand times better than copper -- the list goes on . We 're talking about probably 20 superlatives which apply to graphene . Another surprise is that you can just about see it with the naked eye , even though it 's only one atom thick ! CNN : Your scotch-tape method for discovering the material has gone down in science history . Tell us about that . AG : We were trying to make graphite as thin as possible using lab equipment and for many months we struggled to make it thinner than 10,000 layers . Then we had a kind of Eureka moment . We were using scotch tape on a regular basis in the lab to clean the surface of the graphite . We would look at what was happening on the surface of the graphite and throw the scotch tape in the bin . Then we decided to take the tape out of the bin and look at it under the microscope and we saw really transparent pieces of graphite -- graphene . CNN : Your discovery was certainly a surprise to the science world , but was it a surprise to you ? AG : Yes . We live in a 3-dimensional world . My physics intuition , developed over the last thirty years , told me that this material should n't exist . And if you had asked 99.9 % of scientists around the world they would have said the idea of a 2D material was rubbish and that graphene should n't exist . And in most cases they would have been right , but in the case of graphite or graphene , and a dozen other materials like it , our intuition was completely wrong . You can reach this limit of one-atom-thin layers . CNN : But what exactly is graphene useful for ? AG : Because of its range of extraordinary properties , people are considering using graphene in a myriad of different applications . For example , because graphene is so strong , people want to use it to reinforce plastics , making them conductive at the same time . Because it 's transparent and conducts electricity , people want to use it in applications like mobile phone screens , touch screens , TV screens and so on . People are also considering using it to go beyond silicon technology and make our integrated circuits even denser and speedier . Those are just few examples . CNN : What is the future for graphene ? AG : I do n't dare try to predict the future , but if the speed of development of the last ten years is of any guidance we can expect to see graphene everywhere soon . Typically it takes 40 years for a new material to move from an academic lab into a consumer product , but within less than ten years graphene has jumped from our lab into an industrial lab and now there are pilot products all over the world . Governments around the world and probably more than 100 companies are spending billions on researching these materials . So , it probably deserves the superlative of the fastest developing material as well . ` Miracle material ' chips away at silicon dominance Frances Perraudin contributed to this report .	Andre Geim and Kostya Novoselow discovered graphene in 2004 . At one atom thick , it is the thinnest material ever discovered . They made their discovery by pulling scotch tape off graphite . Graphene is very strong , flexible and a good electrical conductor .
Instagram , the iPhone photo-sharing app that turns almost anyone into an artful photographer , is growing at an astonishing rate . The app now has 27 million registered users -- up from 15 million in December , its co-founders announced Sunday . And a long-awaited version of Instagram for the Android platform is coming soon . "  We 've been able to put together one of the most incredible Android apps you will ever see , " said CEO Kevin Systrom told audience members during a session at the South By Southwest Interactive conference , waving an Android phone with a prototype on it . "  It 's extremely fast . " Systrom said he 's been using the Android phone since shattering his iPhone while climbing out of an Austin pedicab . Systrom said the Android app is in private beta but will be released to the public "  really soon . " Instagram also is looking at WIndows Phone 7 as another possible future platform , he said . "  It 's a very exciting time for us . We 're growing faster more quickly than anyone right now , " he said . Launched by Systrom and partner Mike Krieger less than two years ago , Instagram already has more users than location-based network Foursquare , despite only being available on Apple 's iOS . Systrom and Krieger attributed their dramatic growth rate to the popularity of the iPhone 4S and Apple naming Instagram as its 2011 App of the Year . The pair also were featured in a Best Buy ad that aired during the Super Bowl last month . The app lets users enhance their photos with filters , share them with their friends or other people and comment on friends ' photos . Like Twitter , Instagram also allows people to follow other users . The Wall Street Journal reported last week that Instagram is raising a new round of funding that would value the company at up to $ 500 million . Systrom declined to comment on that Sunday .	Photo-sharing app Instagram has almost doubled its user base since December Instagram CEO says an Android version of the app is in private beta
CNN  -- This week Thomas Frieden , the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , stepped up to the microphone and took responsibility for the worst mistake in Dallas ' Ebola-stricken hospital : its utter lack of preparedness . After insisting for months that any U.S. hospital could handle an Ebola case by following CDC guidelines , Frieden now wishes he had provided Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital with the robust CDC clinical support team it desperately needed to care for Thomas Eric Duncan -- the first of three people to be diagnosed with Ebola on American soil . What now ? The federal government 's last major health care scandal -- at the Department of Veterans Affairs -- offers a road map out of this mess , and it begins with finding new leadership for the CDC . The times call for a person with unique talents and vision that Frieden lacks . Americans were shocked this spring to learn about falsified treatment numbers and hidden , lengthy wait lists at Veterans Affairs hospitals . After a grueling , monthlong drumbeat of bad news , culminating with revelations that veterans died while on those secret wait lists , Secretary Eric Shinseki finally resigned . His resignation came only after President Barack Obama was essentially forced to fire him . After helming an agency that similarly proved ill-prepared to meet its most important mission , Frieden should n't force the resignation issue like Shinseki did . In announcing Shinseki 's resignation , Obama hailed his fine career as a U.S. Army general , and Frieden similarly came to his leadership post with a stellar resume , the highlight of which is having helped up to a half million people in India by controlling the spread of tuberculosis . He was also the innovative New York City health commissioner who took on one of the top health scourges , tobacco , with a smoking ban in workplaces and bars that has now been replicated in many major cities . He tackled obesity and cardiovascular disease with a ban on trans fats and rules that chain restaurants post calorie counts -- moves that have also proved popular elsewhere . But while at the CDC 's helm during one of its greatest public health crises , Frieden has n't demonstrated the same kind of entrepreneurial spirit and foresight that he displayed in New York . In fact , at times , he 's seemed completely out of touch . This weekend Frieden told reporters : "  I 'm not familiar with any prior patient with Ebola who has undergone either intubation or dialysis , " and speculated that such measures could have increased the risk of contamination surrounding Duncan 's care in Dallas . He did n't seem to be aware that Emory University Hospital in Atlanta used both measures in its treatment of Ebola patients . Dr. Bruce Ribner , who 's heading Emory 's Ebola team , discussed these procedures in a conference call with hospitals and health care workers Tuesday . Frieden 's out-of-the-loop status on core clinical details seemed to have pointed him in the wrong direction entirely for a cause of contamination , as further details about the Dallas hospital 's difficulties with Ebola protective garb have come to light . In fact , using chocolate sauce as a stand-in for bodily secretions , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta demonstrated how easily self-contamination can occur : While taking off the CDC 's recommended personal protective gear , he inadvertently smeared his arm and his neck . As it leaves necks exposed , the gear does n't compare to the hazmat-style suits aid workers are using in West Africa , and workers use at Emory -- and in fact Frieden wore such superior protection when visiting Liberia . When the first nurse 's infection was announced Sunday , Frieden immediately blamed a "  breach in protocol " for her situation . It was perhaps beyond his imagination that the CDC protocols themselves -- including the training and infrastructure -- failed in Dallas . Finding an effective way to handle and dispose of medical waste from Ebola has been a problem as well , and the CDC should have solved it long before the first domestic diagnosis . The fact that more than 70 health care workers were involved in Duncan 's care points to Presbyterian 's lack of preparedness ; hospitals that have a plan know it 's essential to limit staff coming into contact with Ebola patients , who become progressively more contagious the sicker they become . In transferring the third patient , Amber Vinson , to Emory , the CDC is admitting that Presbyterian is n't prepared . I do n't think Presbyterian is that different from most American hospitals . It has a fine reputation in its community . Yet it was n't up to the job despite Frieden 's repeated insistence that any American hospital can do this . On the call Tuesday with Ribner , one participant listener from a California hospital said implementing Emory 's care recommendations would "  bankrupt " them . That 's the kind of practical detail leaders need to know to be effective , and Frieden has proven he does n't . Frieden should have known the closest equivalent to the level of personal protective equipment required by Ebola in American hospitals is found in operating rooms , and even that does n't compare . In ORs we 're mostly concerned about not infecting the patient , and we 're able to remove garb with little fanfare . Now we 're learning that doctors and nurses treating Duncan did n't wear the recommended protective suits for two days while they suspected Ebola but did n't have the diagnosis confirmed . Why was n't the CDC guiding them ? When Frieden said this week he 'll now send a robust , hands-on clinical team anywhere in America that Ebola is diagnosed , I thought , my word , we are n't doing that already ? Instead , once his lab confirmed Duncan 's diagnosis , Frieden provided epidemiologists and contact tracers , and the CDC offered passive guidance . Far too passive , it seems , as Vinson , the Presbyterian nurse , flew to Cleveland , a violation of the CDC 's guidance on controlled movements while under monitoring , which does n't include such public transportation . Frieden has been playing catch-up for too long . In mid-August , his agency touted a total of 55 CDC employees on the ground in West Africa , as if that was a remotely proportional response to the growing epidemic . By that time I and other critics had been recommending a military-grade operation . It would be another month , when the case numbers had doubled , before the administration would announce such an initiative . "  We are fulfilling our promise to the people of West Africa , " Frieden said back then , in words he must now sorely regret . He did n't change his tune and lobby the President for the military option until he returned from a visit to the region several weeks later . At the VA , new leadership is in place , and the agency is picking up the pieces . America could use a surgeon general right now , and that we do n't have one represents a failure of our partisan politics . But it 's entirely within the President 's authority to identify and appoint new leadership at the CDC , the central agency managing this crisis . Frieden is clearly a good man and will go on to do good things . But the President must now choose someone better attuned to the crisis leadership role that has overtaken the rest of the CDC director 's job description .	Ford Vox : CDC 's Thomas Frieden took responsibility for lack of Ebola preparedness Frieden has stellar resume but has seemed out of touch with clinical realities in crisis , he says Vox says he 's lagged on treatment , protective garb , waste disposal , effort in Africa Vox : Frieden 's a good man but lacks vision , leadership for this crisis
CNN  -- Just 24 months before the showdown in the Midwest , CNN 's Peter Hamby reported this week that possible presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton may have an Iowa problem -- and may again have difficulties winning the state in the 2016 caucuses -- because of weaknesses among the state 's most progressive voters . But that analysis fails to understand and appreciate the country 's changing demographics and where U.S. politics is heading . Clinton has n't announced whether she 'll run for president again . But whether or not she has an Iowa problem , Iowa is largely unrepresentative of America 's changing composition . It 's 91 % white in a country that 's 64 % white , and it will have a shrinking role in choosing future U.S. presidents . And , even if Clinton does have an Iowa problem , she will probably have a Georgia solution . The composition of the South and Southwest has now changed to the point where Democrats have a real chance of winning statewide elections for seats long held by Republicans . Here are the facts : Nine out 10 of Iowa 's 3 million residents are white . The state has six electoral votes and 65 delegates . In contrast , 63 % of Georgia 's 10 million residents are white . They have 16 electoral votes and 124 delegates . In 2012 , President Obama lost Georgia by 300,000 votes in a state that has 600,000 eligible , non-voting African-Americans . And the Georgia solution begins with Michelle Nunn . The 47-year-old daughter of respected of Georgia Sen. Sam Nunn -- who served for 24 years as one of the state 's leading Democrats -- is running for Senate and is poised to prove that a Democrat  and a woman  can win the Georgia seat held by a Republican for the past decade . Nunn is tied in the polls and has proven to be a formidable fundraiser . Her campaign paves the way for a Clinton win in Georgia because the ground operations and campaign infrastructure she 's built will probably assist Clinton 's efforts in the state . As the first woman to hold a Senate seat from the state of Georgia , she readies the electorate to vote for a female president . In a similar way , Wendy Davis ' gubernatorial bid in Texas helps a potential Clinton campaign . Texas is another battleground state with significant numbers of voters of color -- who could one day help turn that state from red to purple -- and Davis ' statewide win may pave the way to a Clinton victory in Texas .  PAC + has publicly endorsed the candidacies of both Nunn and Davis . There is a new majority emerging in America , and it 's not about Iowa . It 's about Georgia , Texas and other states where people of color will make the difference . These are states where rapid population growth over the past 10 years has resulted in increased electoral votes . Arizona 's population increased nearly 25 % , and it now has 11 electoral college votes -- one more than they had last time around . Colorado 's population increased 17 % , and it has nine votes . Florida gained two electoral votes for a total of 29 , based on a nearly 18 % population increase . Nevada gained one electoral vote , bringing its total to six to reflect a whopping 35 % population increase in 10 years . It 's a trend that experts expect to continue , and these are all states with large and growing populations of people of color . In Georgia -- whose primary has usually been held well after Iowa 's caucuses -- a changing political landscape is not the exception , it 's the rule . Democrats must look forward and invest in the coalition of the future . They must meaningfully connect with communities of color and progressive whites and champion policies that address inequality and immigration and education . That way , as the Iowa caucuses continue to recede in significance , the Democrats still can win for years to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aimee Allison .	Aimee Allison : Questions about Hillary Clinton in Iowa are n't as bad as they sound She argues that changing demographics in Georgia and Texas may help Clinton Allison says two women running for top offices in the South could help Clinton
CNN  -- A Texas actress in a troubled marriage was arrested and charged Friday in connection with ricin-tainted letters that were mailed last month to President Barack Obama and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , authorities said . Shannon Richardson , 35 , also known as Shannon Rogers and Shannon Guess , initially told the FBI that her husband , Nathaniel , sent the ricin-laced letters , but a polygraph exam found her to be "  deceptive " on the matter , court papers said . Investigators found that her computer storage devices contained the text of threatening letters sent to the president , but the couple 's computer records show her husband could n't have printed them out because he was at work at the time , an FBI arrest affidavit said . On Thursday , Shannon Richardson told investigators she mailed the ricin-tainted letters , but she claimed that her husband typed the letters and forced her to print and mail them , the affidavit said . New poison letters put ricin under microscope Her husband denied involvement and claimed his wife wanted to end their marriage and leave him , the affidavit said . He told investigators that his wife was "  intentionally misleading " them , the court papers said . Shannon Richardson is accused of mailing a threatening communication to the president and faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted , according to a statement from U.S. Attorney John M. Bales ' office in Texas . Also on Thursday , Nathaniel Richardson filed for divorce . His wife is pregnant , and the anticipated birth date and sex of the fetus is not known , the divorce lawsuit said . The couple married on October 8 , 2011 , the suit said . Shannon Richardson allegedly also mailed a third letter with the toxin ricin to Mark Glaze , director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns , which was founded and co-chaired by Bloomberg , the FBI arrest affidavit said . The group 's office is in Washington . She made an initial appearance Friday afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Caroline Craven in Texarkana , Texas , the prosecutor said . She was arrested in Mount Pleasant , Texas , authorities said . The three letters were mailed from Shreveport , Louisiana , last month , federal authorities say . The FBI found "  very low concentrations " of ricin on the letters , a spokesman said last month . Richardson has had minor roles in TV series , including "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries . " A law enforcement official told CNN that investigators believe Richardson sent the letters herself . She was angry at her husband , the official said . CNN reported early in the investigation that the FBI considered Richardson to have serious credibility issues when they began interviewing her . What is ricin ? CNN 's Joe Johns and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Shannon Richardson , 35 , initially told FBI her husband sent ricin-tainted letters But she failed polygraph , and husband said she wanted to end marriage , FBI says Before her arrest , she allegedly admits to mailing letters , but says husband forced her Her husband files for divorce ; she 's also pregnant , divorce lawsuit says
CNN  -- The chief executive of Formula One team Sauber has backed recent calls for a budget cap saying that it would make the sport "  more interesting . " "  In my view , the future should indeed lie in some kind of budget cap under which each and every team could do what they want to , because we all have different strengths , " Monisha Kaltenborn , CEO of the Swiss-based team , said in an interview with Formula1.com . "  How much longer will it take for the big teams to understand that the smaller teams are just as important to Formula One as the four big ones ? " Prior to the season opener in Australia last month , F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone told the sport 's elite teams to cut their spending , while suggesting a mandatory budget cap could be introduced . "  The teams have to learn to be competitive without tons of money . They have to refocus again on the basics -- on racing , spending on the sport -- and not on baronial motor homes and all kinds of entertainment , " Ecclestone told Formula1.com . The division of prize money and television revenue in F1 is dictated by the Concorde Agreement , a contract between the sport 's governing body , the FIA , the rights holders and the Formula One Teams Association  FOTA  which is due to expire in 2013 . Ecclestone is keen to explore the possibility of restricting teams ' spending in the future . "  I would welcome it , " he said . "  Yes , I think it could happen . We are in the middle of discussions ... They  the teams  want to get more money -- to be able to spend more ! " he said . Monisha Kaltenborn : The woman racing ahead in F1 Kaltenborn is hoping to see a "  major step forward " soon . "  When the current Concorde Agreement comes to an end at the end of this season , I think it would be a good time to set some kind of rules , " she said . The Sauber team has started the 2012 season impressively with 22-year-old Mexican driver Sergio Perez claiming second place behind Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso at the Malaysian Grand Prix . After what Kaltenborn described as "  painful " second half to last season , she says the team is now settling down after the departure of manufacturer BMW at the end of 2009 . "  I certainly hope we can keep up this momentum ! I am pretty confident that we are moving in the right direction and hopefully we can maintain this level , " she said .	Sauber team CEO calls for budget caps for Formula One teams Monisha Kaltenborn says "  some kind of budget cap " would make the sport "  more interesting " F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone said in March that elite teams need to cut spending Sauber enjoying a strong start to 2012 season with second place at recent Malaysian Grand Prix
CNN  -- By now it should be painfully obvious that this latest round of the Israeli-Palestinian crisis in Gaza is fundamentally different than its predecessors . Unlike the two previous rounds in 2008-09 and in 2012 , which ended after three weeks and one week , respectively , this round , now in its fourth week , is infinitely more complex . The rapid failure of the cease-fire put in place by Thursday 's agreement only emphasizes that fact . Getting to de-escalation , let alone a durable endgame , will be hard . And here are the five reasons why : 1 . Hamas , the political/military paradox : One of the reasons the conflict has dragged on for so long is Hamas ' anomalous situation . It entered the crisis -- indeed may have helped to trigger it -- because it was weak , financially bankrupt and politically isolated , and thought it could get Israel and the world 's attention through violence . This political weakness has now raised the stakes . Hamas ca n't stand down without major deliverables that will justify to its supporters and residents of Gaza the death and destruction its rockets have courted . And right now as attacks against Israeli forces attest , the military wing is dominant . Indeed , militarily it has the power to continue the fight . So there 's no real urgency to back off without big gains . Political desperation , combined with military resilience , ensures the conflict will go on . Indeed , Hamas ' goal is probably to launch more rockets against Israel the day before the cease-fire is concluded than on the first day the conflict began . 2 . Iron Dome buys space and time : Perhaps the most stunning success of this crisis on the Israeli side has been the Iron Dome missile defense system 's capacity to neutralize the threat of Hamas ' high trajectory weapons . With only three civilian casualties , economic damage that is relatively limited and not that dramatic a change in the routine of most Israelis  at least those who do n't live close to Gaza  the anti-missile defense system has reshaped the basic contours of the conflict . On one hand , Iron Dome has pre-empted or at least delayed the need for a large-scale ground incursion into Gaza . But on the other it has given Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , the political elites and the public the latitude to continue to achieve Israel 's objectives . In short , for Israel , too , there 's no real urgency to stand down . With the home front secure , the government needs to worry about two things : Israel Defense Forces casualties  so far apparently tolerable at more than 60 even though that 's four times the number in both previous confrontations  and international pressure as a result of the horrific Palestinian civilian death toll in Gaza . And both of these could become magnified in the event Israel decides to launch a massive ground incursion into Gaza . 3 . No good mediator : In 2008-09 , Israel withdrew its forces and unilaterally declared a cease-fire that held more or less ; in 2012 , the Egyptians brokered one pretty quickly to end that round . This time around you have plenty of would-be mediators , including the United States , the United Nations and Egypt , all of which were involved in the Thursday agreement . But that agreement reflects the reality that none of these mediators had much influence with Hamas ' military wing . Moreover , all of them misjudged the degree to which Hamas on the ground in Gaza was prepared to end the fight . There is not a single mediator among them that 's trusted by both sides . Egypt -- no longer run by the pro-Hamas Mohamed Morsy -- is bent on squeezing the Islamists and is working closely with Israel . And the United States has no ties or influence with Hamas . And we do n't even have a situation where one mediator can work on Israel and party X could mediate with Hamas in a kind of diplomatic tag team . Indeed , the flaws of trying to negotiate a cease-fire by committee were all too apparent in the collapse of the Thursday accord . 4 . Expectations , the real problem : Unlike the two previous confrontations or even the second intifada where Israel and Hamas squared off , this crisis is driven by expectations on each side that will be hard , if not impossible , to meet . Even if the two sides wanted to stand down , they have raised the hopes among their respective publics that can only constrain each of them and prove disappointing to Israelis and Palestinians as well . Netanyahu wants to avoid a massive ground incursion , yet he 's identified an endgame -- demilitarization of Hamas -- that would require the forceful disarming of an organization that is n't going to agree to give up its weapons voluntarily . And the Israeli public , which has backed the current strategy of trying to pummel Hamas into submission , expects an outcome that is more decisive than in previous rounds . Hamas , on the other hand , seems -- in a cosmic roll of the dice -- to be holding out at all costs and somehow banking that if it does so , Israel will be forced to agree to open up Gaza  or will do so willingly  , release Hamas prisoners and expand fishing rights and that Egypt will agree to open up the Rafah crossing . The more death and destruction in Gaza , the more Hamas needs an explanation at the end of the day to justify the sacrifices and the pain of Gaza 's 1.8 million residents . And it 's not even clear what the objectives of Hamas ' military wing really are . The real tragedy is that the odds against any lasting trade-off of demilitarization for economic freedom seem long indeed without some dramatic change in either Israel 's or Hamas ' calculations or Hamas ' total collapse and defeat . 5 . Not enough urgency : It 's an inconvenient fact , but the reality is that right now , there does n't seem to be enough urgency , let alone an imperative for Israel or Hamas to back down . Gaza 's public does n't have much say in the matter when it comes to the Hamas military wing 's strategy , and the Israeli public , according to opinion polls , seems enthusiastic about keeping up the pressure . Israel 's calculations seem to be to neutralize the tunnel threat and pummel Gaza with air and artillery until Hamas agrees to a cease-fire on Israel 's terms . Hamas wants to survive with its military and political leadership intact , and it hopes that massive Palestinian casualties will galvanize the international community to press Israel to stop and that more IDF deaths will cause Israel to sour on the operation . So where is this headed ? In both previous confrontations , we might have confidently predicted some diplomatic endgame . Not now . For the moment , the focus has shifted from a brief foray into diplomacy back to escalating conflict . The prospects of some kind of an expanded Israeli operation into Gaza are highly likely , with all the casualties that could entail . What separates this round of the Israel-Hamas battle from the others is that there 's no predictable path away from much more bloodshed . And that -- given the tragic loss of life -- is the terrifying truth . Note : This article was updated to delete references to the capture of an IDF soldier ; Israeli authorities now say the soldier was among those killed by a suicide bomber .	Cease-fire fails in Gaza after less than two hours Aaron Miller : The latest events demonstrate that this conflict is very different from earlier ones Both sides lack the urgency to make concessions needed for a lasting peace , he says Miller : Iron Dome has given Israel more room to fight ; Hamas is going all-out for unlikely victory
CNN  -- Regardless of whether or not you 're religious , you ca n't help but feel a sense of awe when coming face to face with the grand statues that devout throughout the ages have built in honor of their deities . And these monuments just keep getting bigger . The Nepalese government recently unveiled the world 's largest trident -- a religious statue depicting Shiva -- at a Hindu temple in Dang . The trident is made from five different minerals , weighs more than six tons and stands 12 meters  42 feet  tall . It joins an already impressive roster of Hindu , Buddhist and Christian statues built around the world -- including these 10 greats . Lord Murugan Statue  Selangor , Malaysia This statue , measuring 42 meters  137 feet  in height , is said to be the world 's tallest depiction of a Hindu deity . Fifteen skilled sculptors from India carried out construction on the Lord Murugan Statue , found outside Malaysia 's famed Batu Caves . The statue took three years to complete and the finished product -- made up of 250 tons of steel , 1,550 cubic meters of concrete and 300 liters of gold paint -- was unveiled during the annual Thaipusam festival in 2006 . Incidentally , it 's just meters away from what must rank as one of the world 's strangest statues -- a five-legged bull . Batu Caves , Selangor , Malaysia ; +60 3 6189 6284 Christ of the Abyss  Key Largo , Florida This 2.6 meter  8.6 foot  submerged bronze statue of Jesus Christ in Key Largo , Florida is one of three created by Italian artist Guido Galletti  the others can be found in the waters off Grenada in the Caribbean and in the Mediterranean sea near Italy  . The statue weighs 260 kilograms and is held in place with a 9-ton concrete base . It was dropped into place in 1965 and its location , just seven meters below the surface of water , means that it 's visible to swimmers as well as scuba divers . It 's also a highlight of the local glass-bottom boat tours . John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park , Key Largo , Florida ; +1 305 451 6300 Tian Tan Buddha  Hong Kong This enormous statue -- the world 's largest seated outdoor bronze Buddha -- took 12 years to complete . It 's located next to Hong Kong 's Po Lin Monastery , regarded as the territory 's center of Buddhism . Tian Tan Buddha stands 34 meters  112 feet  high , weighs 250 tons and can be seen from as far away as Macau . Beneath the Buddha are three floors that are said to contain the remains of Shakyamuni , the sage on whose teachings Buddhism was founded . There is also an enormous carved bell that 's rung every seven minutes , symbolizing the release of 108 kinds of human vexations . Po Lin Monastery , Ngong Ping , Lantau island , Hong Kong ; +852 2985 5248 Leshan Giant Buddha  Sichuan , China This 71-meter  232 feet  stone statue was built during the Tang dynasty and can be found at the confluence of the Minjiang , Dadu and Qingyi rivers . Construction of the Buddha , which forms part of a UNESCO-listed site , started in 713 AD , though it was n't finished until 803 . A local Chinese monk called Haitong believed that the presence of a stone Buddha would calm the rivers it overlooked . Funding ran out and Haitong killed himself in despair , but when a local governor decided to undertake completion of the project , Haitong 's wish came true -- though not quite in the way he intended . During construction , so much rock was removed from the cliff face and deposited in the river below that the water became shallower and easier to navigate . Leshan Giant Buddha , Mount Emei Scenic Area , Leshan , Sichuan , China ; +86 833 230 2296 Laykyun Setkyar  Monywa , Myanmar Myanmar 's Laykyun Setkyar is one of the largest statues in the world , with a height of 116 meters  380 feet  . Construction of the statue , which depicts the Gautama Buddha , started in 1996 and finished in 2008 . There are 32 stories within the Buddha , 12 of which are dedicated to detailed descriptions of hell . Khatakan Taung , Monywa , Myanmar Christ the Redeemer  Rio de Janeiro This 30-meter  98 feet  Brazil icon weighs 635 tons and was constructed between 1922 and 1931 , although the concept for such a statue was first brought up in the 1850s . However , in 1889 the country became a republic and , with the separation of church and state , the idea was dismissed . In 1920 the Catholic Circle of Rio started collecting donations from Brazilian Catholics to fund the construction of the statue , commissioning local engineer Heitor da Silva Costa to design it . It has lightning rods on the arms , head and hands -- on average , it 's hit by lightning 12 times every summer . Parque Nacional da Tijuca , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; +21 2491 1700 Cristo de la Concordia  Cochabamba , Bolivia The Cristo de la Concordia is the second-largest statue of Jesus in the world and the third largest statue in the southern hemisphere . At a height of 33 meters  one for every year of Christ 's life  , it 's just a few centimeters higher than the Christ Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro . On Sundays , visitors can climb to the upper section of Cristo de la Concordia for breathtaking views from observation decks located inside the arms . Av de la Concordia , Cochabamba , Bolivia ; +591 4 422 8530 Sendai Daikannon  Sendai , Japan This gleaming white statue located in Sendai , Japan , is the sixth tallest statue in the world and depicts a Japanese Bodhisattva , or enlightened being . At 100-meters high  328 feet  , she holds a wishing stone in her right hand and a water jug in the left . An internal elevator allows visitors to access the higher sections . Travel tip : The statue faces Sendai station , which is in the center area of the city , so if you ever get lost simply follow the statue 's gaze to the center of town . Sendai Daikannon , Sanezawa , Izumi-ku , Sendai , Miyagi Prefecture , Japan ; +81 22 278 1227 Wat Pho 's reclining Buddha  Bangkok Located just meters from Bangkok 's Grand Palace in the Wat Pho temple complex , this reclining Buddha measures 15 meters  49 feet  high and 43 meters  141 feet  long . The most ornate parts are the feet , which are inlaid with mother-of-pearl panels featuring symbols that represent the Buddha , including flowers , elephants and tigers . Above the statue is a seven-tiered umbrella representing the state of Thailand and 108 bronze bowls are placed along its length . Visitors are invited to make a wish as they place a coin in each of the bowls . All donations go towards maintenance of the Wat Pho temple . Wat Pho , 2 Sanamchai Road , Grand Palace Subdistrict , Pranakorn District , Bangkok , Thailand ; +66 2 226 0335 Buddha Dordenma  Thimphu , Bhutan When completed , this gold and bronze sculpture will be one of the tallest Buddha statues in the world , with a height of 51 meters  169 feet  . Originally due for completion in 2010 , it 's now hoped that work will finish next year , by which time , $ 47 million will have been spent on construction . China 's Aerosun Corporation is covering this cost . The interior will house 125,000 smaller Buddhas and a meditation hall . Buddha Dordenma , Kuensel Phodrang , Thimphu , Bhutan ; +975 2 328 295	Key Largo 's Christ of the Abyss statue is submerged seven meters below the water surface The feet of Wat Pho 's reclining Buddha are inlaid with ornate mother-of-pearl panels Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro is hit by lightening 12 times a year on average
CNN  -- Indian doctors have successfully removed a 1.2-meter rod from a 3-year-old boy after he was impaled on it at his grandparents ' house . Indian doctors say Mehul Kumar is out of danger after operation to remove 1.2-meter iron rod . The Times of India reported that Mehul Kumar had fallen on the rod while playing on his grandparents ' under-construction roof terrace in Ranchi , the capital city of Jharkhand state . The rod pierced through Kumar 's body and he then fell to the ground , the newspaper reported . He was rushed to a nearby hospital and then taken to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences in Bariatu , six kilometers away . Dr. Sandeep Agarwal , the leader of the five-strong team of doctors who spent five hours operation on Kumar , told the Times the boy was out of danger . "  We first removed the rod following which an operation was done to repair the vital organs that had been injured , " he said .	Indian doctors successfully remove 1.2-meter rod from three-year-old boy Mehul Kumar impaled himself while playing on terrace at grandparents ' house Doctors spend over three hours removing rod and repairing damage to organs
London  CNN  -- Edvard Munch 's "  The Scream " -- "  the world 's most stolen work of art " -- has gone on display in London ahead of its sale in New York next month , where it is expected to fetch more than $ 80 million . The work is one of four versions of the same subject created by Norwegian artist Munch  1863 - 1944  in the 1890s -- and the only one still in private hands . Simon Shaw , of Sotheby 's in New York where the piece will go under the hammer on May 2 , said "  The Scream " was "  the second most famous work of art in the world , after the ` Mona Lisa . ' " Copies of the painting have appeared on everything from postcards and umbrellas to mousemats . The image inspired Wes Craven 's "  Scream " film franchise , and was referenced in posters for the "  Home Alone " movies , starring Macaulay Culkin . "  It has a double life , " Shaw told CNN . "  It is a key image in the history of modern art , but on the other hand , it has also become a cornerstone of popular culture : We all know it from the films and the cartoons , the parodies , the pastiches and the toys . "  What is fascinating for me is that while everybody knows ` The Scream ' -- it is one of the most recognizable paintings anywhere -- relatively few people have actually seen the original . What we know are the cartoons and the parodies . " Shaw , head of Impressionist and Modern Art at the auction house , said the picture 's status as a high-profile target for thieves had only boosted its popularity . "  Of the four versions , three are in public collections in Oslo , and of those , two have been stolen in the past 20 years , " he said . "  Happily in each case the work was recovered , but that status as ` the world 's most stolen work of art ' has only added to its celebrity . "  The thefts got ` The Scream ' onto the cover of newspapers and on television around the world , so it became more and more famous . "  When the National Gallery of Norway had its version stolen in 1994 , visitor numbers actually went up -- people came from around the world to look at the nail and the empty piece of wall where ` The Scream ' was supposed to hang . " The picture -- a vivid pastel , produced in 1895 -- is owned by Petter Olsen , a member of the Olsen shipping dynasty . His father Thomas was a friend and neighbor of Munch , and amassed a large collection of the artist 's work . Olsen is selling "  The Scream " to fund the construction of a museum and arts center , Ramme Gaard , at Hvitsten , Norway , in which he plans to display the rest of his paintings . The new venue is set to open next year , the 150th anniversary of Munch 's birth . "  I have lived with this work all my life , and its power and energy have only increased with time , " said Olsen . "  Now , however , I feel the moment has come to offer the rest of the world a chance to own and appreciate this remarkable work . " Sotheby 's says it expects huge interest in the piece , which it says has the potential to draw visitors from around the world to any collection which stumps up the cash to buy it . "  The opportunity for a museum or a private collector to buy one of the great icons of art history is unlikely to be repeated any time soon , " said Shaw . "  We know there is a lot of demand , and very little supply . It has truly global appeal , and could go anywhere . "	"  The Scream " on display at Sotheby 's in London ahead of its sale in New York Vivid orange and blue pastel is due to go under the hammer next month Experts say it is likely to sell for more than $ 80 million 1895 work is one of four versions of the subject , and the last still in private hands
Phillip Steel , a resident of Deer Trail , Colorado , is ready to fight for the Old West values he feels are being threatened by drones . Asked what exactly he 's proposing to do when he sees an unmanned aircraft , Steel points his weapon to the sky . "  I am proposing to shoot it down , " he said . Deer Trail -- population 598 -- was scheduled to vote Tuesday on a measure that would allow its residents to hunt for federal drones and shoot them down , but Mayor Frank Fields said Tuesday that the vote has been postponed while a district court decides whether the ordinance is legal . The vote probably wo n't happen until next year , the mayor said . Steel said he wrote the ordinance after he learned the Federal Aviation Administration "  loosened regulations that would allow the flight of drones in domestic airspace . " The FAA recently announced plans to create six drone test sites around the country , none of which has been publicly listed . It plans to allow widespread use of domestic drones in 2015 . U.S. launches drone from submerged submarine "  The overall purpose of this test site program is to develop a body of data and operational experiences to inform integration and the safe operation of these aircraft in the National Airspace System , " the agency said . Drones are cheaper to operate than helicopters . They can be used for multiple tasks , such as monitoring crops and livestock and assessing building damage . It 's not drones , per se , Steel says he is against . He recognizes they can be helpful in some situations , such as a search and rescue effort , but believes they do n't belong in his backyard . 15 ways drones will change your life "  What has me fired up is it 's trespassing , " he said . "  It does n't belong there . Yes , it 's privacy . But that 's only one part of it . Who 's going to be flying these drones ? " The ordinance specifies the kinds of weapons and ammunition residents could use and puts a bounty on recovered parts -- $ 25 for the fuselage or wing , $ 100 for a whole drone that has U.S. government markings . The idea has found some support in Deer Trail , which takes up less than one square mile and is about 50 miles outside Aurora . "  I would shoot a drone down if it 's peering in my window , scanning me , and it 's within elevation where I can nail it , " said Robert Copely , a resident . 2 injured when drone malfunctions , crashes into Navy ship But not everyone in town is in favor . "  That 's a federal offense to destroy government property , and on top of that it 's a ridiculous thing and embarrassing the town , " said Daniel Domanoski . In fact , the FAA is keeping a close watch on Deer Trail 's special election . It issued a statement that sounded like a warning . "  Shooting at an unmanned aircraft could result in criminal or civil liability , just as would firing at a manned airplane , " it read . Steel says he wo n't be deterred from shooting at drones . But he hopes the ordinance , if passed , would encourage them to steer clear of his town . "  There are many things that are illegal , but the United States federal government declared war on us . This is our response , " he said . Amazon 's drone delivery : How would it work ?	Vote is on hold while a court determines the ordinance 's legality , mayor says The ordinance would allow Deer Trail residents to hunt for federal drones The response to the measure is mixed "  Shooting at an unmanned aircraft could result in criminal or civil liability , " says the FAA
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The woman who stabbed pregnant actress Sharon Tate to death will be considered for parole from prison a month after the 40th anniversary of the killings that cast a shadow of fear over southern California . Susan Atkins , shown here after her indictment in the Manson murders , has been denied parole 17 times . Susan Atkins , 61 , has been denied parole in 12 previous hearings , but the former "  Manson Family " member now is terminally ill with brain cancer and is paralyzed . Charles Manson used his hypnotic powers to direct Atkins and other "  family " members to kill seven people , including the pregnant Tate , in a two-night rampage that terrorized the city of Los Angeles , California , in August 1969 . Atkins -- who was initially sentenced to death along with Manson and three others -- will have her 13th parole hearing on September 2 , according to a spokesman with the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . In July of last year , Atkins -- California 's longest-serving female inmate -- was denied a compassionate release in a unanimous decision by the California Board of Parole Hearings . She has repeatedly been described as a model prisoner who has accepted responsibility for her role in the slayings , and she now shuns Manson . By her own admission , Atkins held Tate down as she pleaded for mercy and stabbed the pregnant woman 16 times . In a 1993 parole board hearing , Atkins said Tate "  asked me to let her baby live . ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . " After stabbing Tate to death , according to historical accounts of the murders , Atkins scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home Tate shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski . Polanski was not home at the time , but three of Tate 's house guests were also slain by the killers , as was a teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his nearby cottage . A Web site maintained by her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse , says Atkins is now paralyzed over 85 percent of her body and can not sit up in bed or even be moved into a wheelchair . However , despite her declining condition and her impressive prison record , the site says , "  there is still a very real chance the Parole Board will nonetheless insist her release would be a danger to society . " Atkins ' compassionate release was opposed by Tate 's sister , Debra , Los Angeles County prosecutors and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , among others . However , the former prosecutor who won her conviction , Vincent Bugliosi , said he supports Atkins ' request for release . "  She has paid substantially , though not completely , for her horrendous crimes , " Bugliosi told the Los Angeles Times last year . "  Paying completely would mean imposing the death penalty . " Bugliosi is the author of several books on the Manson case , including "  Helter Skelter . " Debra Tate told CNN in an e-mail in March that she does not believe any Manson family member convicted of murder should ever be set free , saying the slayings were "  so vicious , so inhumane , so depraved , that there is no turning back . " "  The ` Manson Family ' murderers are sociopaths , and from that , they can never be rehabilitated , " Debra Tate said . "  They should all stay right where they are -- in prison -- until they die . There will never be true justice for my sister Sharon and the other victims of the ` Manson Family . ' Keeping the murderers in prison is the least we , as a society who values justice , can do . " In a manuscript posted on her Web site , Atkins , who was known within the Manson family as Sadie Mae Glutz , wrote that "  this is the past I have to live with , and I have to live with it every day . " "  Unlike the reader , or the people who seem to think Charles Manson was cool , I ca n't think about it for an hour or so and then go on with my life . Just like the families and friends of the victims , this is with me every day . I have to wake up every day with this and no matter what I do for the rest of my life and no matter how much I give back to the community I will never be able to replace what my crime took away . And that 's not ` neat , ' and that 's not ` cool . ' " Atkins was housed in the California Institution for Women at Frontera until May 2008 , when her declining health caused her to be moved to Central California Women 's Facility at Chowchilla . Manson and those convicted along with him in the murders -- Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , Leslie Van Houten and Charles "  Tex " Watson -- have been in California prisons for more than three decades . All were initially sentenced to death , only to have their sentences commuted to life in prison when the Supreme Court struck down death penalty laws in 1972 , establishing a four-year moratorium on executions . Van Houten was released for six months after her conviction was overturned , but was reconvicted . CNN 's Ashley Broughton contributed to this report	Susan Atkins has admitted she stabbed pregnant actress to death She has been denied parole on 17 previous occasions Atkins is said to have terminal brain cancer and just months to live She was denied compassionate release earlier this year
CNN  -- Democratic leaders took the initiative Monday to go after one of their own , U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner , hours after he admitted to lying about posting an explicit photo on his Twitter account and carrying on inappropriate relationships with women he 'd met online . Two Democratic sources said that Weiner , in a brief telephone conversation Monday with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , made it abundantly clear that he was not going to resign . At his press conference later that day , the New York Democrat said that Pelosi was "  not happy " but "  also told me that she loved me and wanted us to ... pull through this . " Pelosi , D-California , who until last January was House speaker , reacted by calling for the chamber 's Ethics Commission to open an investigation into the seven-term congressman "  to determine whether any official resources were used or any other violation of House rules occurred . " Weiner apologizes for lying , ` terrible mistakes ' Such a probe is rare , especially when called by a member of one 's own party , the Democratic sources said . One question that is sure to be central to such an investigation is whether Weiner used congressional resources while sending -- as he admitted -- explicit photos and messages to "  about six women " over a three-year period . The New York Democrat claimed that his BlackBerry device is not paid for by the government , and added , "  I do n't believe that I used any government resources " in conducting the illicit , largely electronic affairs . iReport.com : Share your reaction to Rep. Weiner 's press conference In a statement , Weiner said he will "  welcome and will fully cooperate with an investigation by the House Ethics Committee . " Other Democrats , many of whom initially rallied behind Weiner and his initial claim that his Twitter account had been hacked , backed Pelosi 's call for an investigation . Rep. Steve Israel , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , chastised his fellow New Yorker for what he called "  a deep personal failure and inappropriate behavior that embarrassed himself , his family and the House . " He threw his support behind the ethics probe "  to remove all remaining doubt about this situation . " Katie Grant , the spokeswoman for House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer , told CNN that "  if there have been any questions regarding ethics that have been raised in the public sphere that the Ethics Committee should look at them . " But while some Democrats are touting the ethics probe as a bold and significant step , one Republican source calls it "  hollow . " The GOP source said it is noteworthy that Pelosi called for an investigation but did not demand Weiner step down -- as happened with former Rep. Chris Lee . The married Republican from western New York resigned in February , following a report that he had tried to meet a woman on Craigslist . CNN 's Kate Bolduan , Deirdre Walsh and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi calls for an ethics probe into Rep. Anthony Weiner 's behavior He admits to having inappropriate relationships with women and lying about it Other Democrats have said they welcome such a probe , as does Weiner But a Republican calls Pelosi 's move "  hollow , " saying she should have told him to resign
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Two members of the U.S. Olympic delegation -- both gold medalists from previous Olympics -- suffered minor injuries Sunday in an accident as they were traveling in Vice President Joe Biden 's motorcade , the White House said . Peggy Fleming and Vonetta Flowers were taken to a hospital "  as a precaution " after a van in the motorcade was involved in a minor accident , according to Biden spokesman Jay Carney . Both were later released from the hospital . Neither Biden nor anyone else in the motorcade was involved in the incident , Carney said . The statement did not provide further details about the accident . Fleming , a champion figure skater , won gold during the 1968 Grenoble , France , games . She was the only American to place first during those games , according to the International Olympic Committee Web site . Flowers earned gold in the 2002 Salt Lake City , Utah , Olympics in the two-person bobsled competition , according to the IOC .	Peggy Fleming , Vonetta Flowers in Vice President Biden 's motorcade in Vancouver Two receive minor injuries in accident involving van in motorcade , White House says Both ex-Olympians have been released from a hospital Fleming , Flowers are part of U.S. delegation at 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver
Evangelical leaders are taking a step back from their decades-long fight against gay marriage , softening their tone and recalibrating their goals . In recent interviews with about a half-dozen prominent evangelicals , no one listed opposition to gay marriage as their top priority . The leaders said they 're more focused on protecting religious liberties as same-sex marriage becomes legal in a growing number of states . "  Is it time to differentiate between religious ceremony and civil ceremony ? " Jim Daly , the president of Focus on the Family , said in an interview with CNN . "  Civil ceremony to the Christian community is no different than getting your car registered . " The shifting attitude comes as the Supreme Court could take up gay marriage as early as next year . Meanwhile , Republicans , who will take full control of Congress in January , are largely ignoring the issue -- just like most of the leading potential GOP contenders for the 2016 presidential nomination . "  There is a recognition that while the fight should not be given up on upholding the several thousand-year-old definition of marriage , the courts are probably very quickly going to undo that , " said Erick Erickson , a conservative pundit and editor of RedState.com . "  Behind the scenes , a lot of evangelical leaders inside and outside of politics are laying the groundwork for religious liberty and conscience protections . " Implications for GOP The new stance could have big implications for Republicans heading into the 2016 presidential election . Evangelicals are an influential bloc of the party and if the community eases its opposition to same-sex marriage , that could make it easier for candidates to do the same . The party is under pressure to expand its appeal to young people and minorities and an openness to gay marriage could help that effort . Hambycast : Rand Paul 's campus challenge Of course , there 's still plenty of opposition to same-sex marriage among Republicans . And the issue is a big fundraising motivator for the party and its allies . Vincent Harris , a 26-year-old digital strategist who 's worked for evangelical favorites like Ted Cruz and Mike Huckabee said social issues including gay marriage "  remain very potent to the Republican electorate . " ` Joke notion ' Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , dismissed talk of an evangelical shift as a "  joke notion . " "  People are still charged up about this , " Brown said . "  There 's not been enough standing up for marriage especially in the wake of what is essentially a constitutional crisis . " Daly , whose daily Focus on the Family radio broadcast reach more than 2.9 million listeners weekly , is nowhere close to endorsing same-sex unions and insists that the legalization of gay marriage in the U.S. is n't a "  fait accompli . " But his vision for the evangelical movement is focused on reaching out to , rather than attacking or rejecting , other segments of society -- what he calls taking a "  gracious attitude . " He frequently mentioned his "  friends in the gay rights community . " One of those friends is Ted Trimpa , a prominent gay activist and Democratic strategist . The two struck up an unlikely friendship after Daly reached out to Trimpa 's office about two years ago to team up and fight child trafficking in their home state of Colorado . They see their bond as an example of where the dialogue is heading , through Trimpa said "  people faint when they see us together . " ` Common ground ' "  With Jim , it 's a new day , " Trimpa said . "  The reality of it is gays are n't going away and evangelicals are n't going away so we 're figuring out common ground . " Russell Moore , the president of the Southern Baptist Convention 's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission , is also advocating for a more open approach and has called for Christians to "  love your gay and lesbian neighbors . " "  If we do n't recognize  the culture shift  , we 're clueless as to what is happening , " Moore said in an interview . How Supreme Court 's non-decision helps gay marriage Matthew Vines , meanwhile , is an openly gay evangelical who recently published a book attempting to debunk Biblical interpretations that define homosexuality as a sin . He went to a conference sponsored by Moore 's group in October and was surprised that even his staunchest critics constructively interacted with him . He said he would have been "  completely ignored " at the convention five years ago . "  There 's definitely a coming divide between evangelicals , but it 's not public yet , " Vines said . "  Over the next year in particular , people will start to show their true colors . " Generational divide About 43 % of white evangelical millennials support same-sex marriage , according to a 2014 Public Religion Research Institute poll , while 7 in 10 white evangelicals overall oppose same-sex marriage . The generational split is even more pronounced among the GOP : nearly two-thirds of Republicans under 30 favor same sex marriage compared to 39 % of all Republicans , according to the Pew Research Center survey . GOP leaders are eyeing those polls closely and in the last two years , four Republican senators have announced their support for same-sex marriage . This year , the GOP fielded two openly gay Republican candidates for Congress -- though neither won . Some , like Republican strategist and LGBT activist Margaret Hoover , say the party is changing too slowly and needs to put its opposition to gay marriage to rest . "  I think the fact that the majority of Republicans do n't support same sex marriage or LGBT freedom is detrimental to reaching out and connecting to a new generation of voters , " said Hoover , who is also a CNN political commentator . Hoover runs the American Unity PAC , which spent more than $ 4 million in the 2014 cycle to support pro-gay marriage and LGBT rights Republican candidates , according to the group 's pre-election Federal Elections Commission filing . The GOP could see at least one pro-gay marriage presidential candidate in the 2016 elections if Sen. Rob Portman -- who has a gay son and endorsed same-sex marriage in 2013 -- decides to seek the party 's nomination . "  When Mitt Romney was the nominee of the party , could you have imagined that there could be a Republican nominee the next time around who is in favor of same-sex marriage ? Even I could n't have imagined that , " Hoover said . Same-sex marriage : Fast facts What 's next in the fight over same-sex marriage ?	Evangelical leaders are n't listing opposition to gay marriage as their top priority They 're instead more focused on protecting religious liberties GOP is largely ignoring the issue
Yemen is going through its greatest upheaval since protests erupted during the Arab Spring more than three years ago . Only this time , it 's not a cry for democracy but a bitter sectarian battle for power -- pitching al Qaeda and other Sunni groups against Shia Houthi rebels . The Houthi -- whose stronghold is northern Yemen -- swept into the capital , Sanaa , a month ago , where they met little opposition . Since then , they 've taken control of Yemen 's second port , Hodeida , on the Red Sea . Now they 're trying to challenge al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  in its heartland in central Yemen . Hundreds of Houthi fighters converged on the provinces of Ibb and al Bayda in recent days . Yemeni Interior Ministry officials tell CNN Houthis have taken heavy casualties because of roadside bombs planted by AQAP . "  Houthis are used to military clashes , while al Qaeda uses guerrilla tactics against its enemies , " said Abdul Salam Mohammed , president of the Abaad Strategic Center in Sanaa . Officials estimate that at least 75 people have been killed in fighting since Saturday , the great majority of them Houthis -- including 22 killed by a roadside bomb Monday in the town of Rada'a . There were further clashes in the town Tuesday , with AQAP claiming it inflicted heavy casualties on Houthi fighters . AQAP has taken control of the town of Al Odayn in neighboring Ibb province , as Yemen threatens -- again -- to become a patchwork of rival fiefdoms where the central government has little influence . Al Qaeda claims that some Sunni tribes have joined it in repelling the Houthi incursions . Writing in Al Monitor , commentator Maysaa Shuja al Deen says AQAP is "  forging political alliances with tribes that view the Houthis as enemies ... Indeed , the organization has expanded to new areas in response to Houthi control . " Jalal BalEidi , a senior figure in AQAP , said the group will confront the Houthis ' advance , in what appears to be a new front in the larger Shia/Sunni struggle across the Middle East . The Houthis have long complained that they have been marginalized and persecuted by Yemen 's Sunni majority , and have been involved in series of rebellions since 2004 . But never before have they taken so much territory across such a wide area of central and northern Yemen . They are demanding a substantial presence in a new government and a voice in the writing of a new constitution . After taking control of ministries , the state television headquarters and other government facilities in Sanaa last month , Houthi leaders signed a peace agreement with President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . But their presence has sparked protests among hardline Sunni parties and groups and has given al Qaeda a new rallying call . Al Deen says the agreement tried "  to legitimize the fall of the capital and cover the truth on the ground , which is the collapse of the Yemeni state and its replacement by militia forces taking control of its streets and expanding militarily to the rest of the country 's provinces . " Adding to an increasingly volatile situation , a secessionist movement in the south of Yemen , al Hirak , is stepping up protests in Aden , Yemen 's chief port and the largest city in the south . Al Qaeda resurgent in Yemen amid political turmoil For Washington , Yemen 's descent into a conflict of many groups -- whose alliances can change quickly and unpredictably -- is the worst-case scenario . For al Qaeda , it is fertile ground . In some ways , events in Yemen , with outside powers all jockeying for advantage , are beginning to mirror the disintegration of Syria .	Houthi rebels battle al Qaeda-linked group for territory in Yemen Houthis took over some ministries in Sanaa last month , demanding role in government Analyst says Yemeni state is collapsing and militia forces are taking control
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Web site that encourages girls as young as seven to give virtual dolls breast implants and put them on crash diets has caused concern among parents and children 's activists . The provocatively named "  Miss Bimbo " Web site launched in the UK last month and is described as a "  virtual fashion game for girls . " Girls are encouraged to compete against each other to become the "  hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo in the whole world . " When a girl signs up , they are given a naked virtual character to look after and pitted against other girls to earn "  bimbo " dollars so they can dress her in sexy outfits and take her clubbing . Sound off : What do you think about the "  Miss Bimbo " Web site ? They are told "  stop at nothing , " even "  meds or plastic surgery , " to ensure their dolls win . Users are given missions , including securing plastic surgery at the game 's clinic to give their dolls bigger breasts , and they have to keep her at her target weight with diet pills , which cost 100 bimbo dollars . Breast implants sell at 11,500 bimbo dollars and net the buyer 2,000 bimbo attitudes , making her more popular on the site . And bagging a billionaire boyfriend is the most desirable way to earn the all important "  mula " or bimbo dollars . Working , it seems , is a bit of a chore in bimbo world . The site says : "  Bimbo dollars is ` the cabbage , ' ` bread , ' the ` mula ' you 'll need to buy nice things and to get by in bimbo world . To earn some bimbo cash you will have to  gasp  work or find a boyfriend to be your sugar daddy and hook you up with a phat expense account ! " The advice on feeding the dolls is even more spurious , encouraging them to feed the dolls "  every now and then " even though they want to keep their Bimbos "  waif thin . " The British version already has nearly 200,000 players , most of whom are girls aged between 7 and 17 , according to the Web site . Although it is free to play , when the contestants run out of virtual dollars they have to send cell phone text messages costing $ 3 each or use PayPal to top up their accounts . In France , where "  Miss Bimbo 's " sister Web site , "  Ma Bimbo , " was criticized by dieticians and parents when it began last year , one parent threatened the creators with legal action after his daughter ran up a $ 200 mobile bill sending texts without his knowledge , according to the Times of London newspaper . Parents ' groups are horrified that the game is taking off in Britain , fearing it could send the wrong message about eating disorders and plastic surgery to young girls Bill Hibberd , of parents ' rights group Parentkind , told the Times the game sends a dangerous message to young girls . He said : "  It is one thing if a child recognizes it as a silly and stupid game . "  But the danger is that a nine-year-old fails to appreciate the irony and sees the Bimbo as a cool role model . Then the game becomes a hazard and a menace . " One parent also told The Times the creators were irresponsible . Nick Williams said he was appalled when he saw his daughters Katie , nine , and Sarah , 14 , playing the game . Williams , 42 , an accountant , said : "  I noticed them looking at possible breast operations and facelifts for their bimbos at the game 's plastic surgery clinic . "  Katie is far too young for that kind of thing and it is irresponsible of the site 's creators to be leading young girls astray . They are easily influenced at that age as to what is cool . " However , the creators of "  Miss Bimbo " claim it is "  harmless fun . " Nicolas Jacquart , the 23-year-old Web designer from Tooting , south London , who created it was quoted in the Daily Mail as saying : "  It is not a bad influence for young children . They learn to take care of their bimbos . The missions and goals are morally sound and teach children about the real world . " He added : "  The breast operations are just one part of the game and we are not encouraging young girls to have them , just reflecting real life . " E-mail to a friend	Young girls can buy their virtual dolls breast implants on Miss Bimbo Web site Girls compete to become the "  hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo " Site is popular among girls aged 7 to 17 years old
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Toyota returned to profits for the fiscal year ending in March , despite the continuing economic downturn and a series of recalls that rattled consumer confidence in the United States , the Japanese automaker said Tuesday . Toyota reported an annual profit of 209 billion yen  $ 2.2 billion  over the last year , the company said at a news conference . That figure compares to a loss of 437 billion yen for fiscal year 2008 . This is "  still in a tough storm , but we are starting to see some sun on the horizon , " Toyota President Akio Toyoda said , noting the challenge his company has faced in the wake of a continuing economic downturn and the recall of some 10 million of its cars . Net revenues for the fiscal year decreased of 7.7 percent compared to 2009 , while operating revenue for the year recovered from a loss of 461 billion yen to a profit of 147.5 billion yen , the company announced . Cost-cutting measures helped make Toyota profitable . Vehicle sales for the fiscal year totaled 7.24 million units , a decrease of 330,000 units from the preceding fiscal year , Toyota said . Sales were up by 218,00 vehicles in Japan and another 74,000 units across the rest of Asia . The story was different in the United States and Europe , where sales fell by 114,000 and 204,000 units . Toyota cars and trucks have been the subject of at least three separate major recalls in the past year . One was for the "  sticky pedal " situation in which gas pedals , as they age , begin to stick in a partially depressed position . Another was for gas pedals that can stick on some floor mats , and a third was for braking problems on Toyota Prius hybrid cars . In April , Toyota indicated to the U.S. government it would pay a $ 16.4 million fine -- the largest ever against an automaker -- for failing to notify the Department of Transportation of the "  sticky pedal " defect for at least four months . Despite the problems , Toyota announced in late April that production soared more than 80 percent in March compared to year-ago levels . Toyota Tuesday predicted sales growth across the board for 2011 , pinning its hopes on green cars and the emerging markets like India and China .	Toyota reports $ 2.2 billion profit for fiscal year 2009 that ended on March 31 , 2010 Operating revenue recovers from 2008 losses to profit in 2009 , Japanese carmaker says 2009 sales were up across Asia and Japan , but down in both North America and Europe Carmaker has been the subject of at least three separate major recalls in the past year
CNN  -- This month on MainSail Shamrock V , a 1930 's Americas Cup challenger at the J-class race in the Solent , Isle of Wight , in 2001 . What makes a "  classic " yacht ? Is it age , or era ? Are classics born or made ? Is it size and value , or cultural significance ? Classics can be modern and old -- from three-mast 1930s teak works of art like the original America 's Cup racers , to cutting edge , contemporary monsters , like the "  Maltese Falcon " and the exclusive fleets of luxury boat builders like Perini Navi and Wally . This month CNN 's Mainsail investigates what makes a classic yacht at one of the world 's great yachting regattas . Les Voiles de St Tropez St Tropez , playground of the rich and famous , a bastion of class , richesse and style , plays host for the 26th year to Les Voiles de St Tropez , a classic event in every possible sense of the word . The regatta gathers together the most extraordinary modern sailing boats alongside the most beautiful traditional yachts , as sailors from all over the world gather to do battle in the Mediterranean 's most glamorous bay . During the week 's racing , presenter Shirley Robertson hitches a ride on board some of the world 's most iconic yachts both ancient and modern , and attempts to find out what makes them "  classics . " Ernesto Bertarelli Reporting from Genoa in a world exclusive , Shirley chats to Alinghi team boss , Ernesto Bertarelli and drives the new "  Alinghi 5 " -- the defender of the America 's Cup . Robertson is likely to be the only person in the world outside of the Alinghi team to get her hands on the wheel of the spectacular 90-foot catamaran . Will this boat , just a few months old , become an instant classic ? And in a report from the Perini Navi Cup in Sardinia , boat builders and skippers of the most glamorous luxury yachts on the planet explain what makes their machines the classics of the future .	What makes a ` classic ' yacht ? Mainsail takes up the challenge to find out Shirley Robertson hitches a ride on some of the world 's most iconic yachts She drives the new Alinghi 5 , while chatting to Alinghi team boss Bertarelli
CNN  -- A soldier trying to scare another soldier out of hiccups shot his comrade in the face , killing him , authorities said Tuesday . Both soldiers , joined by a third man , were drinking alcohol and watching football at the time of the Sunday night incident , authorities said . "  The victim had the hiccups . The suspect pulled out a gun to scare him in order to stop the hiccups , " said spokesman Carroll Smith of the Killeen , Texas , Police Department . Pfc. Patrick Edward Myers , 27 , was charged on Tuesday with manslaughter , and Justice of the Peace Garland Potvin set his bond at $ 1 million , police said . Killed was Pfc. Isaac Lawrence Young , 22 , of Ash Grove , Missouri , a motor transport operator at the Army base , the military said . Young entered active duty in May 2011 and arrived at Fort Hood in October 2011 , the Army said . Myers is a soldier at the base , as was Young at the time of his death , said Fort Hood spokesman Chris Haug . Police responded to a shooting shortly after 10 p.m. Sunday and found a man shot in the face and two other men at the residence , Killeen police said . Myers allegedly "  produced a handgun and while handling it in an unsafe manner , discharged the handgun striking the victim in the face , " police said . Young was pronounced dead during the ambulance transport to Skylark Field , where he had been scheduled for an airlift to a hospital , authorities said . Young received the National Defense Service Medal and Army Service Ribbon , the military said . Accused Fort Hood shooter hospitalized Military leaders : We 're too fat to fight	Two soldiers are drinking alcohol while watching a Sunday night football game One soldier gets the hiccups ; the other uses a gun to try to cure him with a scare But Patrick Myers , 27 , allegedly uses the gun in "  unsafe manner " and shoots other soldier in face Myers charged with manslaughter in death of Pfc. Isaac Lawrence Young , 22
CNN  -- "  The Searchers " may be the greatest movie Western , and that reputation has only grown since its 1956 premiere . It boasted three major reasons for its stellar reputation : actor John Wayne , director John Ford and the spectacular location shooting in Monument Valley , Arizona . But perhaps the key ingredient to its success lies in the foundation of all creative endeavors : the story . "  The Searchers " is a mix of truth and legend , obsession and violence -- played out on the rim of a growing nation . A young white girl is abducted by warring Indians and assimilated into the tribe , while a vengeful uncle launches a years-long quest to find her . Modern directors like Martin Scorsese , Steven Spielberg and George Lucas have sung the film 's praises and borrowed its themes of racial hatred , obsession and redemption . For the first time , this movie -- and the true story of the girl , Cynthia Ann Parker -- is fully chronicled , in Glenn Frankel 's new book "  The Searchers : The Making of an American Legend "  Bloomsbury USA  . The author , a former Washington Post foreign correspondent and now director of the University of Texas at Austin 's journalism school , brings a reporter 's sparkling eye for nuanced detail and context to explore the film 's creation . It is a winning account filled with larger-than-life characters : women and men who share the power to endure through personal and creative trial . CNN spoke with Frankel recently about his New York Times best-seller . CNN : This is a chronicle of myths and truths meshed together . Was your goal in writing this book to divide them ? Glenn Frankel : As a journalist , we 're always trying to separate fact from fiction as best we can , but the farther back in time we go , the more dangerous an exercise that is . I never pretended that I was going to be able to provide a definitive version of the kidnapping of Cynthia Anne Parker in 1836 by Comanches . It was more that I was going to put things into the right perspective . When I started out , I had n't planned on doing any of that . I was just going to do a making-of-the-movie book . But I quickly found that there was a story that it was loosely based on and that there were all these layers . Once I went there , there was no escape . CNN : The Western is seen as essential to understanding the American identity . Frankel : Novelist and screenwriter Alan LeMay takes that true story and changes the focus in the movie from the kidnapped little girl to the people who were searching for her over the years .  Director  John Ford put a real emphasis on the uncle who searches for her , because he asked John Wayne to play the character . So they deepened and darkened that character . And they go on to make a movie that is really about the impact of the kidnapping and of the violence of the Comanche/Texas wars -- the impact on the pioneer families . By the early 1950s , the Western had become a deeply embedded film genre . It has its own myths -- the themes of the lone gunman , the laconic guy on horseback , the Indian fighter . And John Ford was the ultimate Western myth-maker . Ford gives us both John Wayne in all his charismatic glory and at the same time , undermining this myth all through this movie . He gives us the great hero , and yet the great hero is on this quest that is very dangerous and one that becomes almost homicidal . CNN : Cynthia Ann Parker 's story of survival was incredible -- was she a victim of competing cultures ? Frankel : Texas history has different ways of thinking about her . She 's the Comanche white princess and in a sense they 've glorified her , especially in recent history , as this tough Texas woman who is a survivor and comes through the ordeal in high spirits . Painting her as the ultimate victim has its problems , too , because victims are n't very interesting , are they ? Cynthia Ann was a victim of the war because she was damaged and traumatized by both sides . First , these Comanches and Kiowa come along in 1836 , they murder her father and grandfather in front of her , they haul her off with four other young people . She does n't know if they 're going to kill her , they speak a foreign language . She spends 24 years as a Comanche and then a second traumatic event . This time Texas Rangers and U.S. Cavalry descend on the little camp she 's in . They kill the people around her , they haul her off again . She never sees her Comanche husband or her two Comanche sons again . So really she 's wrenched , and both sides feel they have a right to do this , they feel that she should be grateful for this in some way . I see her as a symbol of the damage and the violence of this protracted Comanche/Texan war . She left no narrative . When it became clear to her family that she was miserable , she became an embarrassment to them , and they packed her off to a sawmill in East Texas . This onetime celebrity died in obscurity . CNN : The movie was ignored at first to a large extent , then later fully appreciated . What changed ? Frankel : It initially got pretty good reviews , but nobody was digging into the layers of this movie , especially with racism and gender . It was before its time . It starts emerging , I 'd say , in the 1970s . Scorsese and Spielberg -- it was very formative for them . They quoted from it in many of their own films . It 's an enduring film -- it 's a beautiful piece of visual storytelling . Yet it 's so ambiguous , and it 's about such important themes , not just racism and sexism , but also about this conflict between love and hate that 's going on in the movie . CNN : You write that what entranced you most were the Comanches . Frankel : They 're such a fascinating group . They were up on the limestone plains , it was a real hard life . They were great horsemen , developed an empire , they were raiders and traders . And there were never that many of them , the tribes started kidnapping basically to replenish their population . They treated their enemies with great cruelty at times and yet they treated each other with great love and dignity . Parker 's  Indian and white  families are still around , they have annual separate family reunions . CNN : Tell us about John Ford . Frankel : Ford was a tough guy . He was a lifelong alcoholic , but he was a great filmmaker . He managed to get this loyal band of actors and craftsmen around him , people who worked for him time and time again . He could be very abusive to them . At the same time , they would bleed for him . They knew that Ford was special and that the kind of films he was making were enduring . Wayne knew he would be stretched here as an actor . CNN : This is John Wayne 's movie . Frankel : I think it 's his greatest role . A lot of us have a problem with John Wayne . We have this vision of him as this guy in the 1960s and 1970s who was very right-wing , very pro-Vietnam War , a caricature . But before he was that guy , he was this very supple and interesting character . On the one hand , he 's John Wayne -- he 's very charismatic and we 're rooting for him to succeed on his quest and yet , what is the quest ? Our white knight is planning to kill the young damsel . He 's very burdened by this mission , but he 's driven by vengeance and his brand of justice . CNN : It 's a pretty amazing cast of characters . Frankel : In many ways , they 're all storytellers , they 're all trying to explain themselves through stories and trying to find a safe place in the world . For Cynthia and her Comanche son Quanah , it 's trying to survive . For LeMay and Ford , it 's about turning this into art . I took great joy in studying these storytellers . It 's a great American story they 're telling and it 's one that 's still being told by the families .	Glenn Frankel 's new book reveals the true story behind the film "  The Searchers " The author chronicles the life of the young girl at the center of the tale , Cynthia Ann Parker The classic John Wayne Western has inspired modern directors like Scorsese , Spielberg , Lucas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House is blasting Congressional Democrats for not sending a bill that would fund veterans ' care programs to the president 's desk by Veterans Day . The White House 's Dana Perino accused Democrats of holding veterans care funding hostage . "  There 's absolutely no reason that the veterans ' bill could not have been signed by the president today , except for the political games that the Democrats decided to play with it , " White House press secretary Dana Perino said Sunday in Crawford , Texas . Congressional Democrats had attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $ 150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities , including health , labor and education . Democrats also added $ 3.7 billion to what the president budgeted for veterans programs . The labor-health-education bill would increase funding by more than $ 10 billion over last year 's funding for those programs . The president has threatened to veto the bill because of the added spending . The House passed a health-labor-education bill 269-142 last week with the veterans funding attached , but the Senate later voted to strip out the veterans funding and send the health-labor-education bill to the president . Perino accused the Democrats of "  trying to hold hostage our veterans to extra domestic spending or increases in taxes . " "  The president wants clean legislation , a clean bill to fund the veterans , " Perino said . On Saturday , the Democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to President Bush saying they welcomed a dialogue on spending , sayings disagreements over funding levels "  have never been so great that we can not reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the American people . " "  Key to this dialogue , however , is some willingness on your part to actually find common ground , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said in the letter . The leadership said last year 's Congress , which was still under Republican control , had never passed a separate bill funding veterans programs . Congress also sent to the president legislation that would fund veterans care at the levels requested by the president through December 14 , the leadership said . The current funding level "  is still below the $ 3.9 billion extra that we passed , " said Nadeam Elshami , spokesman Pelosi . "  We are committed to getting the extra funding that the Congress already voted on the president 's desk for his signature . " The leadership blamed Republican members of Congress for stalling the funding for the veterans programs by blocking its inclusion in the larger spending bill . Perino , though , said the Democrats could still send a separate bill to the president funding the veterans program that passed both chambers of Congress . "  The Democrats decided not to send the president this bill , " Perino said . "  That has to be laid at their feet . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	White House accuses Democrats of holding hostage funding for veterans care Funding was attached to large health-labor-education bill White House says it wants a clean bill that only funds veterans programs Democrats call on White House to engage in a dialogue on spending levels
CNN  Three teenage British girls suspected of traveling from London to Turkey with the goal of joining ISIS are now believed to have made it to their target country -- war-torn Syria -- London 's Metropolitan Police said Tuesday . Police did n't elaborate , other than to say in a statement that they "  now have reason to believe that  the girls  are no longer in Turkey " and have crossed into neighboring Syria , parts of which have been taken over by the Islamist terror group . If true , that would unsuccessfully end British and Turkish authorities ' efforts to find the teens in Turkey before they could cross the Turkish-Syrian border . British police announced last week that three east London classmates -- Shamima Begum , 15 ; Kadiza Sultana , 16 ; and Amira Abase , 15 -- had flown aboard a Turkish Airlines plane from London 's Gatwick Airport to Istanbul on February 17 . The next day , police contacted foreign liaison officers at the Turkish Embassy in London , a Scotland Yard spokesman said . A British counterterrorism officer said police had been "  reaching out to the girls using the Turkish media and social media " in an effort to persuade them to return home . The girls ' parents also publicly begged for them to come home . Earlier Tuesday , a top Turkish official blamed British authorities for the girls ' disappearance . "  It is condemnable and shameful on the part of Britain that three girls can just go from Heathrow Airport to Istanbul , " Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc told reporters in Ankara on Tuesday , naming a different airport of departure than British police . Arinc accused British authorities of waiting three days before telling Turkish counterparts that the missing girls had flown to Istanbul . That would be two later than British police had said , though it 's not clear exactly when top officials in Turkey -- not just at its embassy in England -- learned what was happening . "  The search efforts are ongoing . If we can find them , great . If not , then it is the British authorities who are responsible , not Turkey , " Arinc added . In the days before they left for Turkey , at least one of the three girls allegedly contacted a young woman , Aqsa Mahmood , who left her home in Scotland to travel to Syria in 2013 and is accused of seeking to recruit others via social media . Aamer Anwar , an attorney for the Mahmood family , told CNN on Tuesday that the family was "  somewhat surprised , horrified " that that contact had not prompted police action , "  because they understood that Aqsa 's social media content was being closely monitored by the security services in this country . " "  And the real concern that arises is that if a known member of ISIS who 's now a poster girl for ISIS , seen to be recruiting and spreading propaganda , is in touch with young people in our country -- that one would expect the courtesy of a knock on the door of these families , to advise them that their children may be on the cusp of radicalization or going off to Syria . " The Mahmood family released a statement over the weekend in which they condemned their daughter 's actions , saying : "  Your actions are a perverted and evil distortion of Islam . " But they also said the UK security services "  have serious questions to answer " over their failure to intervene after one or more of the missing girls was in touch with Aqsa via Twitter . "  Sadly despite all the government 's rhetoric on ISIS , if they can not even take basic steps to stop children leaving to join ISIS , what is the point of any new laws ? " the statement asked . Anwar also queried how the three girls were able , as unaccompanied minors , to go through airport security controls and board a flight to Turkey -- known to be a transit route to Syria -- without any questions being asked . Despite their condemnation of her actions , Aqsa Mahmood 's parents still hope she will return safely one day . She remains in intermittent contact with them through social media but wo n't answer questions , Anwar said . Her messages are mostly "  extremely religious " in nature and justifying what she 's doing . "  They are just literally hanging on to her words , hoping that she 's alive when the contact comes through , that she has n't been killed by a drone or a bomb or whatever , " he said of her parents . Turkey has become the most traveled route for volunteers trying to join Syria 's many armed factions since an anti-government uprising erupted in Syria more than three years ago . Initially , Ankara maintained an "  open door policy , " allowing hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees to flee to safety in Turkey . At the same time , Turkish border guards looked the other way , taking few steps to stop activists , volunteers and journalists from crossing into Syria . But with the rise of the ultra-violent Islamist group ISIS in Syria , the Turkish government increasingly came under criticism at home and abroad for not doing enough to stop jihadists from going through Turkey to get into Syria . Some critics have accused Ankara of actively supporting ISIS against rival Kurdish rebel groups , charges the Turkish government has angrily denied . Last year , the Turkish government showed CNN new barricades , thermal cameras and fences aimed at better fortifying the border . Historically , the Turkish-Syrian border , which runs more than 800 kilometers  500 miles  , has been notoriously difficult for Turkish security forces to control . Before the Syrian civil war , both smugglers and Kurdish separatist guerrillas were known to operate illegally between the two countries . Turkish government officials have bristled in response to accusations that they are not stemming the flow of foreign fighters joining ISIS . Millions of tourists visit Turkey every year , where visas can be obtained upon arrival for citizens of many countries . In a report on border security released last year , the Turkish Prime Minister 's office said , "  It is easier to prevent people suspected of being members of radical groups from entering into Turkey than it is to prevent them from exiting from the Syrian border of Turkey . " A spokesman for the Turkish President said British and Turkish security forces and intelligence agents are now working together to try to find the three British girls . CNN 's Damien Ward , Laura Smith-Spark , Greg Botelho , Claudia Rebaza and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	London 's Metropolitan Police say they have reason to believe girls are n't in Turkey Family of woman who went to Syria in 2013 says security services have questions to answer Turkish official calls it "  shameful " the teenage girls flew from London to Istanbul , Turkey
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A U.S. Marine in Iraq has been removed from duty amid complaints that he was handing out coins with Bible verses at an American checkpoint , the military said Thursday . A military spokesman said Iraqis in Falluja complained that the Marine was giving the coins , which were printed in Arabic , to people at an entry control point in Falluja . U.S. military regulations prohibit religious proselytizing . "  This has our full attention , " said Col. James L. Welsh , chief of staff of Multi-National Force , West . "  We deeply value our relationship with the local citizens and share their concerns over this serious incident . " At least one of the coins is stamped with the words "  Where will you spend eternity ? " according to a report published Thursday by McClatchy Newspapers . The other side of the coin reportedly contains a verse from John 3:16 that reads , "  For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son , that whoever believes in him shall not perish , but have eternal life . " Several Falluja residents said they were given the coins over a two-day period and complained that U.S. troops , whom they consider foreign occupiers , were acting as Christian missionaries . "  Regulations prohibit members of the coalition force from proselytizing any religion , faith or practices , " said Col. Bill Buckner , a coalition spokesman . "  Our troops are trained on those guidelines before they deploy . " A military statement said "  appropriate action " will be taken if the reports are substantiated . The reports stoked religious concerns in Iraq just weeks after Iraqi police discovered that a U.S. soldier had used the Quran , Islam 's holy book , for target practice . The U.S. commander in Baghdad took the unusual step of holding a public ceremony and reading a letter of apology from the soldier , a sniper section leader , to local Iraqi leaders . Many in attendance were members and leaders of Sunni militias that the U.S. military has courted to help fight al Qaeda in Iraq and other insurgents . Sunnis often face criticism from other Iraqis for cooperating with American troops . Falluja , also a mostly Sunni city , was the scene of bitter and bloody fighting early in the Iraq war between U.S. troops , al Qaeda in Iraq and Sunni insurgents loyal to Saddam Hussein .	Iraqis say Marine passed out coins featuring Bible verses written in Arabic One coin reportedly asks , "  Where will you spend eternity ? " Military spokesman condemns act , promises that appropriate action will be taken
CNN  -- The inflatable-armbands community is rejoicing -- Asia 's first Legoland Water Park opened in Malaysia this week . With more than 20 water attractions , 70 Lego models and 3 million liters of water , the 300,000-square-meter space is the world 's largest Legoland Water Park , say park officials . Before you get too awestruck over such a grandiose claim to fame , it 's worth noting there are only two other Legoland Water Parks in operation . Both are in the United States -- one in California , the other in Florida . Still , this place is impressive . Especially for the under-12 set . Apart from water slides and pools , one of the coolest attractions of the Legoland Malaysia Water Park is Build-A-Raft River , which lets kids put together their own raft made of soft Lego bricks and float through the park via a slow-moving current . The Joker Soaker is an interactive platform in a wade pool where kids can shoot water cannons as a jester tells jokes -- family-friendly ones , naturally -- as it unleashes 350 gallons of water upon their gleeful  or horrified ?  little heads . For toddlers , the Duplo-themed play area has smaller slides and characters modeled after those found in Lego sets -- an alligator , polar bear and elephant . The new Legoland Water Park has two restaurants , private cabanas for rent and a store . More : Gallery : Asia 's first Legoland opens in Malaysia Legoland Malaysia hotel to open next year The water park is the latest addition to the Legoland Malaysia Resort , which opened in September of 2012 in Iskandar , in the state of Johor . A hotel , the final phase of the resort , will open in early 2014 , say officials . About 50 kilometers from central Singapore , the 30-hectare theme park is made up of more than than 50 million bricks and has 40 rides , shows and attractions . Legoland Malaysia is the sixth theme park for the brand , joining properties in Denmark , England , Germany and two in the United States . Visitors can access the water park from outside as well as from the theme park , though extra tickets are required . More : Legoland Hotel Malaysia set for 2014 launch CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Asia 's first Legoland Water Park opens in Malaysia , about 50 kilometers from Singapore At 300,000 square meters , it 's the world 's largest Legoland Water Park Legoland Malaysia Hotel to open next year
Washington  CNN  -- Independent Senator Angus King announced Wednesday that he will continue to caucus with the Democratic Party despite their loss of the majority late Tuesday night . And despite rumors that he might be switching sides , moderate Democratic West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin also insists he 'll stick with the party . In a press conference on Tuesday , the Maine senator was quick to downplay his decision as a political move , telling the public that he will not "  become a Democrat " or side with all the their policy positions going forward . "  Who I caucus with is less important than who I work with -- every day in the committee , on the senate floor , in the hallways , and here at home , " he said . "  That 's what 's best for Maine -- and that 's what 's best for the country ; that 's what I 've done so far . " King , who considered siding with the Republicans , would have added an extra seat to the majority if he caucused with them . "  A fair question at the outset is whether being in the majority caucus is n't reason enough in itself to make the switch , " he said . "  But I think there are other considerations -- particularly as they relate to Maine -- that offset this argument . " King said he now has the responsibility to "  pull his colleagues toward the center , " the same type of role he said fellow Mainer and Republican Sen. Susan Collins had under a Democratic majority . Manchin echoed King 's sentiments in an interview Wednesday , saying he would n't leave the Democratic party to caucus with the GOP despite his own party losing the Senate majority Tuesday night . "  If you do n't have moderates on both sides , you do n't get anything done , " he told The Washington Post . He said the Republicans "  played it masterfully , " and admitted that he 's frustrated with Democratic leadership -- especially Harry Reid . "  This is a real ass-whuppin , " Manchin said . The first-term senator is rumored to be considering leaving Congress and mounting a bid for governor in his home state . "  One of the real problems with modern American politicsâ $ " and the Congressâ $ " is polarization , " King said . "  Both sides need problem-solvers who are more interested in getting things done than scoring ideological or political points , " he said . With Ebola battle brewing , Obama heads to Maine Justin Peligri contributed to this report .	Independent Sen. Angus King would not say before the midterm election if he would vote with Democrats King says the Democrats never made him vote along party lines
CNN  -- Mexican authorities on Thursday continued to investigate the kidnappings of at least six people from a Holiday Inn in Monterrey , Mexico , Wednesday . Nuevo Leon state Attorney General Alejandro Garza y Garza said in a news conference that the unidentified gunmen entered a second hotel as well , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . A convoy of between 10 and 15 vehicles carrying as many as 30 gunmen pulled into the Holiday Inn at around 2 a.m. , Garza y Garza said . According to him , the gunmen brought a handcuffed man into the lobby , who gave them information on the intended victims . A businessman from Mexico City , Luis Miguel Gonzalez , was kidnapped , along with three other guests , Garza y Garza said . The other guests were identified as Angel Ernesto Montes de Oca of Mexico City , Manuel Juarez and Aracely Hernandez , an employee of a staffing company near the border with the United States . A hotel receptionist , David Salas , was also kidnapped , together with another hotel employee , authorities said . A security guard at the hotel was missing , but it was not confirmed that he too was kidnapped , Garza y Garza said . Before leaving , the gunmen took the computer from the reception desk as well as the video from the security camera , he said . Minutes later , there was a report of the same group of gunmen entering the Mision Hotel , located near the Holiday Inn . Police responded to the hotel , but the officials there declined to report a crime to the authorities . Northern Mexico , particularly the states of Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon , have seen a recent uptick in violent activity , much of it blamed on warring drug cartels .	About 30 gunmen stormed into the Holiday Inn at around 2 a.m. Man in handcuffs told gunmen which rooms to go to A businessman from Mexico City was among those kidnapped Same gunmen reportedly entered a second hotel
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new space race is officially under way , and this one should have the sci-fi geeks salivating . Lift to space : This is a NASA interpretation of what a space elevator may look like . The project is a "  space elevator , " and some experts now believe that the concept is well within the bounds of possibility -- maybe even within our lifetimes . A conference discussing developments in space elevator concepts is being held in Japan in November , and hundreds of engineers and scientists from Asia , Europe and the Americas are working to design the only lift that will take you directly to the one hundred-thousandth floor . Despite these developments , you could be excused for thinking it all sounds a little far-fetched . Indeed , if successfully built , the space elevator would be an unprecedented feat of human engineering . A cable anchored to the Earth 's surface , reaching tens of thousands of kilometers into space , balanced with a counterweight attached at the other end is the basic design for the elevator . It is thought that inertia -- the physics theory stating that matter retains its velocity along a straight line so long as it is not acted upon by an external force -- will cause the cable to stay stretched taut , allowing the elevator to sit in geostationary orbit . The cable would extend into the sky , eventually reaching a satellite docking station orbiting in space . Engineers hope the elevator will transport people and objects into space , and there have even been suggestions that it could be used to dispose of nuclear waste . Another proposed idea is to use the elevator to place solar panels in space to provide power for homes on Earth . If it sounds like the stuff of fiction , maybe that 's because it once was . In 1979 , Arthur C. Clarke 's novel "  The Fountains of Paradise " brought the idea of a space elevator to a mass audience . Charles Sheffield 's "  The Web Between the Worlds " also featured the building of a space elevator . But , jump out of the storybooks and fast-forward nearly three decades , and Japanese scientists at the Japan Space Elevator Association are working seriously on the space-elevator project . Association spokesman Akira Tsuchida said his organization was working with U.S.-based Spaceward Foundation and a European organization based in Luxembourg to develop an elevator design . The Liftport Group in the U.S. is also working on developing a design , and in total it 's believed that more than 300 scientists and engineers are engaged in such work around the globe . NASA is holding a $ 4 million Space Elevator Challenge to encourage designs for a successful space elevator . Tsuchida said the technology driving the race to build the first space elevator is the quickly developing material carbon nanotube . It is lightweight and has a tensile strength 180 times stronger than that of a steel cable . Currently , it is the only material with the potential to be strong enough to use to manufacture elevator cable , according to Tsuchida . "  At present we have a tether which is made of carbon nanotube , and has one-third or one-quarter of the strength required to make a space elevator . We expect that we will have strong enough cable in the 2020s or 2030s , " Tsuchida said . He said the most likely method of powering the elevator would be through the carbon nanotube cable . So , what are the major logistical issues keeping the space elevator from being anything more than a dream at present ? Massachusetts Institute of Technology aeronautics and astronautics Professor Jeff Hoffman said that designing the carbon nanotube appeared to be the biggest obstacle . "  We are now on the verge of having material that has the strength to span the 30,000 km ... but we do n't have the ability to make long cable out of the carbon nanotubes at the moment . " he said . "  Although I 'm confident that within a reasonable amount of time we will be able to do this . " Tsuchida said that one of the biggest challenges will be acquiring funding to move the projects forward . At present , there is no financial backing for the space elevator project , and all of the Japanese group 's 100-plus members maintain other jobs to earn a living . "  Because we do n't have a material which has enough strength to construct space elevator yet , it is difficult to change people 's mind so they believe that it can be real , " he said . Hoffman feels that international dialogue needs to be encouaraged on the issue . He said a number of legal considerations also would have to be taken into account . "  This is not something one nation or one company can do . There needs to be a worldwide approach , " he said . Other difficulties for space-elevator projects include how to build the base for the elevator , how to design it and where to set up the operation . Tsuchida said some possible locations for an elevator include the South China Sea , western Australia and the Galapagos Islands in the Pacific Ocean . He said all of those locations usually avoided typhoons , which could pose a threat to the safety of an elevator . "  As the base of space elevator will be located on geosynchronous orbit , -LSB- the -RSB- space elevator ground station should be located near the equator , " he said . Although the Japanese association has set a time frame of the 2030s to get a space elevator under construction -- and developments are moving quickly -- Hoffman acknowledges that it could be a little further away than that . "  I do n't know if it 's going to be in our lifetime or if it 's 100 or 200 years away , but it 's near enough that we can contemplate how it will work . " Building a space elevator is a matter of when , not if , said Hoffman , who believes that it will herald a major new period in human history . "  It will be revolutionary for human technology , and not just for space travel . That 's why so many people are pursuing it , " he said . "  This is what it will take to turn humans into a space-bearing species . "	Japan group has more than 100 engineers trying to design a space elevator Carbon nanotube would be used as a wire to lift the elevator into space Western Australia and the Galapagos Islands are potential locations for base station Group sets the 2030s as a target to begin construction , although it could be later
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish and Israeli officials sat down at the negotiating table for the first time since Israel 's prime minister apologized a month ago for a deadly 2010 raid on a Gaza-bound aid ship that left eight Turks and an American dead . The one-day talks were held in the Turkish capital , Ankara , on Monday . The two delegations discussed guidelines for determining how much Israel would compensate the families of the victims , according to Turkey 's semi-official Anatolian News Agency . Further talks are likely , although an exact timetable has not been released . Relations between Israel and Turkey , once close military and economic partners in the region , ruptured after the botched raid of the ship Mavi Marmara nearly three years ago . Turkey withdrew its ambassador from Israel . Since then , Ankara has demanded a formal apology , compensation for victims , normalization of ties between the two countries , and that Israel lift its blockade on the Palestinian territory of Gaza . During a visit to the region last month , President Barack Obama succeeded in brokering a critical phone call between the leaders of Turkey and Israel , two key American allies in the turbulent Middle East . During the call , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accepted an apology from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  In light of Israel 's investigation into the incident , which pointed out several operational mistakes , Prime Minister Netanyahu expressed Israel 's apology to the Turkish people for any mistakes that might have led to loss of life or injury and agreed to conclude an agreement on compensation/non-liability , " the Israeli government said last month . In its own official statement , Turkey said the two leaders "  agreed to work together to improve the humanitarian situation in the Palestinian territories . " There are still potential obstacles to a normalization of relations between the two governments . Turkey has been prosecuting four Israeli military commanders in absentia in connection to the Mavi Marmara raid . Also , families of the victims have said a compensation settlement will not stop their legal process against the soldiers until Israel ends its blockade on Gaza . "  We see the negotiations for compensation for those killed as disrespectful when no steps have been taken to ensure the rights of those oppressed in the Palestinian lands and while the siege of our Palestinian brothers continues , " said a statement from the families . Meanwhile , Turkish President Abdullah Gul and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas met in Istanbul for talks on regional issues , according to a statement by the office of the Turkish president . Turkey became the first country to send an ambassador to Palestine last month , according to the statement . Turkey and Israel have been two pro-Western political , economic , and military linchpins in the Middle East , and their falling out over the 2010 flotilla raid has hurt initiatives to tackle problems in the region , such as the Syrian civil war and tensions relating to Iran 's nuclear aspirations . The Free Gaza Movement organized the flotilla to bring goods into Gaza , and to raise awareness over what it calls Israel 's "  illegal siege on Gaza . " Israeli commandos raided one of the ships , the Mavi Marmara , because it violated the Israeli-imposed blockade on the Palestinian territory . More on the flotilla raid Israel imposed the blockade on Gaza in 2007 after the militant group Hamas seized control of the Palestinian territory . It is designed to stop the smuggling of arms into the territory , the Israeli government says . But activists say Israel 's embargo of goods into Gaza from land and sea punishes civilians in the tiny and densely populated strip of land along the Mediterranean coast .	Turkey , Israel discuss 2010 flotilla raid compensation The meeting took place in Turkey 's capital , Ankara Israeli apologized last month for the deadly raid on a Gaza-bound aid ship President Obama helped broker the apology
CNN  -- Heavy winds from a severe storm caused significant damage , shattered windows and sent debris raining down on passengers at an airport in St. Louis Friday night . The Lambert-St . Louis International Airport is closed indefinitely while officials investigate the damage , St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay told reporters . "  There was a reported sighting of a tornado . Although that has not been confirmed , that storm caused significant damage to the airport , " he said . The reported tornado twisted metal and blew out plate-glass windows in the airport 's main terminal , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . Four people were transported to nearby hospitals with injuries , Slay said . Passengers were hit with flying glass and debris as winds ripped off part of the roof in the airport 's C concourse , the station reported . One witness described a chaotic scene outside the terminal as officials evacuated passengers from at least one aircraft . "  The plane was rocking back and forth , " said Brett Knewitz of Albuquerque , New Mexico , who was on a plane that was about to take off from the airport when the storm hit . Initially officials did not allow evacuated passengers into the airport , he said , because of concerns that the building 's roof would collapse.Once he was allowed inside , Knewitz said he saw an injured gate agent . "  She was bleeding like crazy , " he said . Concourse C is used by American Airlines , AirTran and Cape Air , airport spokesman Jeff Lea said . The National Weather Service said witnesses believe a tornado was on the ground for several miles and observed the twister from a tower at the airport . KSDK reported that the storm also blew the steeple off a church and forced authorities to close highways . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Taylor Ward and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : The St. Louis mayor says the airport is closed indefinitely "  The plane was rocking back and forth , " one witness says CNN affiliate KSDK : The tornado ripped off part of a roof at one concourse Passengers are hit with flying glass and debris , KSDK says
CNN  If laughter is the best medicine then Patrick "  Salvado " Idringi should be Uganda 's chief doctor . The comedian 's blend of laugh-out-loud humor and cheeky charm has brought him widespread following in his home country and abroad , and even landed him inside the pages of Vogue . However , he has followed an unorthodox path to success , having spent years working as a switch engineer for one of Uganda 's biggest telecoms companies . It was only when he entered a comedy competition on the encouragement of his sisters and came second that he realized he could make a living out of his funnyman persona . "  I left my job in 2011 because I was making unserious money by being serious . I realized you can make serious money from being unserious , " Salvado says . But leaving secure employment with a regular monthly paycheck had been far from easy , and the comedian had to quickly learn the ropes of being a freelance performer . Some gigs would offer beer instead of payment , but Salvado soon realized that that was n't going to help him pay his rent . "  Leaving my job was one of the hardest moments of my life , especially the first month , because I was n't sure how I was going to make ends meet , " he says . He even entertained the idea of returning to his old job , but in the end stuck with his new profession . "  I was patient , because deep down in my heart I knew it was going to work . I did n't know how long it would take , but I definitely knew it was going to work , " he says . Salvado mines his own personal experience for his show material , and attributes his success to his openness to talk about subjects that some comedians in Uganda might avoid , such as sex , love and death . He says that , while he loved engineering , he always felt something was missing , and that he was n't using his full potential , but that comedy has helped him grow as a person . "  When you do a joke today , there 's no way you 're going to do it tomorrow . So you 're challenged to do something better , you 're challenged to use your head , to use your mind , to use every part of your body to the best of your ability , " Salvado says . "  It has helped me actually exploit most of the things that I did n't know I could do . So I should say comedy has changed my life . "	Patrick ` Salvado ' Idringi is one of Uganda 's best known comedians He had previously worked as an engineer for a telecoms company Salvado attributes his success to his readiness to talk openly about taboo subjects
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A national poll indicates that most Americans do n't want to see an investigation of Bush administration officials who authorized harsh interrogation techniques on suspected terrorists , even though most people think such procedures were forms of torture . Half of the Americans polled approve of the Bush administration 's efforts to interrogate terror suspects . Six in 10 people questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday believe that some of the procedures , such as waterboarding , were a form of torture , with 36 percent disagreeing . But half the public approves of the Bush administration 's decision to use of those techniques during the questioning of suspected terrorists , with 50 percent in approval and 46 percent opposed . "  Roughly one in five Americans believe those techniques were torture but nonetheless approve of the decision to use those procedures against suspected terrorists , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  That goes a long way toward explaining why a majority do n't want to see former Bush officials investigated . " Fifty-seven percent of those questioned do n't want Congress to investigate Bush officials who authorized those harsh interrogation procedures , with 42 percent calling for action by lawmakers . Fifty-five percent also do n't want a similar investigation by an independent panel . Investigations of the military and intelligence personnel who actually used those techniques during interrogations are even less popular . Nearly two out of three Americans do n't want Congress to investigate the who carried out those procedures . Fifty-five percent do n't want a similar investigation by an independent panel . The poll 's release comes as a preliminary internal report on the Justice Department investigation into the authors of the Bush administration 's "  torture memos " does not call for criminal prosecutions but indicates that the government might urge state bar associations to take sanctions against the memo writers , according to two government sources . The draft , which now goes to Attorney General Eric Holder for approval or revisions , is expected to be finalized in the coming days . "  The Obama administration 's recent decisions not to launch an investigation into these matters may sit well with the public overall but not with members of Obama 's own party , " Holland said . "  Most independents and Republicans do n't think it 's a good idea to investigate Bush officials involved in these decisions . But about two-thirds of Democrats support such investigations . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted April 23-26 , with 2,019 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Most Americans in poll say harsh interrogation techniques were torture Majority do n't want investigation into who authorized such techniques Some in Obama 's party disagree with decision not to investigate
CNN  -- Spanish club Sevilla have been rocked by the news that defender Sergio Sanchez has been ruled out for an indefinite period due to a heart problem . The 23-year-old has been advised to stop all physical activity and must have further medical tests . The news comes just two years after Sevilla midfielder Antonio Puerta collapsed during a game and later died due to cardiac arrest . Sanchez joined the club in July 2009 from Spanish rivals Espanyol , whose captain Dani Jarque died at the age of 26 when his heart stopped after a pre-season training session in August . Another Spanish player , Ruben de la Red of Real Madrid , has been unable to play since collapsing during a Copa del Rey tie in October 2008 with what doctors suspect is a heart-related problem . Sanchez has returned to his home city of Barcelona to be with his family before being examined by doctors . "  Imagine -LSB- how we feel -RSB- considering what we have been through here , " coach Manuel Jimenez told Sevilla 's Web site . "  With the precedents that there are it 's wise to be cautious , and you have to congratulate the doctors and cardiologists who examined him . " Captain Andres Palop was also worried about his teammate 's condition . "  The dressing-room is concerned , we were not expecting news like that , " he said . "  The important thing is his life , they 've taken these measures for his own good . We hope that the specialists help him to remain active . The good thing is that it was detected in time . " Sanchez has made seven Primer Liga appearances for high-flying Sevilla this season , plus three in the Champions League .	Sevilla defender Sergio Sanchez ruled out for an indefinite period due to a heart problem Pre-season signing from Espanyol told to stop all physical activity and have tests Shock news comes two years after Sevilla midfielder Antonio Puerta collapsed and later died Espanyol captain Dani Jarque died at the age of 26 due to a heart attack in August
CNN  -- You could have gotten very good odds had you predicted at the beginning of 2013 , when John Kerry took office as secretary of state , that he would end up having the most successful year of anyone in the Obama administration or , indeed , Washington . Kerry was an old familiar face , a man whose moment had come and gone with his presidential candidacy in 2004 . He was following in the footsteps of the most popular politician in America in an administration not famous for giving its Cabinet members much of the limelight that was jealously guarded for the President . He also was going to be thrust into an international situation in which the problems ranged from intractable to almost incomprehensible at a time when the people of the United States had precious little interest in overseas engagement . Yet here we are a year later and Kerry is widely regarded as having transcended himself , his job , the limitations placed on him by the White House , and the challenges of the world scene . He is viewed as a man who has effectively built on the work Hilary Clinton did to restore diplomacy to the center of U.S. foreign policy and , in fact , as a greater risk taker than she was . He has shown creativity , tenacity , the courage to stand up to leaders overseas and his would-be minders in the administration and has won widespread kudos for it . One very senior Middle East diplomat on Tuesday described him to me as a "  national treasure " for the United States . And this is someone who has many issues with the United States ' handling of crises in Egypt , Syria , Iraq and Iran . Another leader from the same region described the Kerry Israel-Palestine peace process as the "  most remarkable effort I have seen in my lifetime . " Within the State Department , while he is not given top grades as a manager of that big bureaucracy , he is seen as a force of nature , as someone who is willing the department into the central role that for the past decade was primarily occupied by the Pentagon in shaping U.S. international priorities . Some of the change in the role of diplomacy is , of course , a result of shifting away from a war footing in Iraq and Afghanistan , withdrawing our troops and thus making military action less central to our initiatives in the Middle East . But that could just as easily have created a void . Yet Kerry stepped in and from the beginning astonished everyone with his appetite to tackle the Israel-Palestine issue , his nimbleness in turning missteps in Syria into a chemical deal that would have been hard to imagine months earlier and his stewardship of the administration 's Iran nuclear negotiations . Some characterized him as a dreamer early on , a Don Quixote . But with the progress that has already been achieved on all three fronts , it is impossible not to see him as making a significant impactâ $ " largely by virtue of his tireless travel schedule , his mastery of the facts and his force of personality . Of course , it is just a year that has transpired . While expectations for the Kerry tenure at State may have started low , he has raised them considerably . Now all eyes are on these three deals to see what happens . Will there be an Iran deal ? If so , will it be a good one that the Congress and our allies can accept or will it strengthen Iran without gaining real peace of mind for the United States and our allies in the region ? Will the Syria chemical deal , which the United States has complained is not resulting in the elimination of weapons fast enough , ultimately deliver on its original goals ? Or will it continue to serve , as President Obama 's own top intelligence official recently asserted , to strengthen the regime of Bashar al-Assad ? Opinion : Are Syria , Iran playing Obama for a fool ? And what benefit will a chemical weapons deal achieve if Syria continues to fester and serve as both a killing field and a training ground for an unprecedented number of extremists ? Can progress be made between Israel and the Palestinians ? Even with the sniping that Kerry is receiving from top officials in the Israeli government ? Even with the divisions among the Palestinians ? And what of the decay in Iraq ? The possibility that the same will occur in Afghanistan when the United States leaves or that in leaving there , we will also become less capable of fighting terrorism in Pakistan ? What of the shape-shifting and spread of al Qaeda and similar extremist groups ? And what of the rest of the world that feels that the United States is once again focused almost exclusively on the Middle East even as large emerging markets are buffeted by crisis , Africa is rocked by wars , and our alliances are in desperate need of modernization ? No , while Kerry has had a remarkable year and has been an invaluable asset for the United States , he and his team know well that their toughest work lies ahead . His legacy and that of the President he serves will be determined less by the considerable progress of the past year and much more by whether the opportunities he has helped create can be capitalized upon in the time between now and the end of 2016 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Many doubted John Kerry would succeed against tough odds But after a year as secretary of state , he 's had surprising success , says Rothkopf He says Kerry made progress on restoring diplomacy as central to U.S. role overseas Rothkopf : Key for Kerry legacy is whether Iran , Syria , Israel-Palestinian talks bear fruit
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Piracy off the coast of Somalia ca n't be stopped until there is some authority to bring pirates to justice , according to the commander of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet , based in Bahrain . U.S. Vice Admiral William Gortney : Need to hold pirates off Africa 's east coast accountable . Because there is no working government in Somalia and no country is willing to take captured pirates , bring them to trial and detain them , there is no deterrent for pirates to stop attacking ships , Vice Admiral William Gortney said at a Pentagon briefing Thursday . "  The problem is there 's not a way to -- until we have a mechanism -LSB- to hold them -RSB- accountable and try them for their actions , there 's no way to -- to finish the problem , " Gortney said . The United States is making a deal with a country in the eastern Africa region to hold and try pirates captured by the U.S.-led Combined Task Force 151 , a new maritime anti-piracy mission started earlier this month . He said an official announcement would be made after the deal with the country is official . In the past three months , piracy attacks have averaged about 12 to 14 a month off the east coast of Africa . As of mid-January , the attack numbers are already at the average of the past three months , according to Gortney . "  That -LSB- number -RSB- should tell you that we 're not -- we 're not being 100 percent successful on the deterrence of the attempt . And that 's where we have to go after , " Gortney said . The United States is expecting other nations to join the anti-piracy task force , but at the moment , the United States is the only country in the task force with just three ships off of the waters of Somalia . There are ships from some European and Asian countries patrolling the waters independently as well , primarily guarding cargo ships from their own countries . Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . See how pirate attacks peaked in 2008 " Pirating off of Somalia has increased during the past four to five years as fishermen from Somalia realize that pirating is more lucrative than fishing . Additionally , pirates are able to get away with the crimes because of the lack of government and overall lawlessness in the country . Gortney said statistically the chances of ships being pirated off of Somalia less than one percent , but it wo n't be stopped until piracy is "  disincentivized . "	Gortney : No working Somali government , country willing to detain , try accused pirates U.S. currently only nation with ships dedicated to anti-pirate task force Asian , European nations have own ships independently patrolling region
CNN  -- Napoli stunned Manchester City 2-1 Tuesday to leave the English Premier League leaders struggling to qualify from Group A of the European Champions League . Edinson Cavani put Napoli ahead in the first half before Mario Balotelli equalized for Roberto Mancini 's men , who have failed to repeat their sublime domestic form in European competition . Cavani scored the eventual winner just after the break to leave Napoli second in the group behind Bayern Munich , who beat Villarreal 3-1 to clinch their passage to the last 16 knockout stage . It was a pulsating encounter in Napoli 's San Paolo stadium , with the most intense drama reserved after Uruguay 's Cavani , a reported transfer target for big-spending City , had beaten Joe Hart with a low shot to put his side 2-1 ahead . City pushed forward in desperate hope of an equalizer but a mistake by Aleksandar Kolarov let in Marek Hamsik . His shot beat Hart , it thumped the post and bounced clear . Real Madrid hit Dinamo for six in Bernabeu Yaya Toure played in the ever dangerous Balotelli but Morgan De Sanctis did superbly to block the shot , while at the other end Hart denied Christian Maggio , who was clean through . Finally , a brilliant move between David Silva and substitute Samir Nasri gave Balotelli a further opportunity , but he headed over . City , who were beaten 2-0 by Bayern Munich in the infamous match in which Carlos Tevez allegedly refused to come on as a substitute , must now beat the German giants in their final group match at the Etihad Stadium to have any chance of going through . But a Napoli victory over Villarreal in their last fixture would see the Italian club advance with Bayern regardless of that result . Bayern made no mistake in their Allianz Arena as Franck Ribery and Mario Gomez put them 2-0 up inside 24 minutes . Jonathan De Guzman pulled one back for the visitors before Ribery , with his second , wrapped up the win . City 's illustrious city neighbors Manchester United are also making heavy weather of qualifying from Group C as they were held 2-2 at home by Benfica . They fell behind to a Phil Jones own goal at Old Trafford before a neat header from Dimitar Berbatov , playing in place of the injured Wayne Rooney , saw the home side level . When Darren Fletcher put Alex Ferguson 's men ahead in the second half after a spell of intense pressure they looked set to wrap up the victory to take command of the group . But a casual clearance from United goalkeeper David de Gea led to Benfica 's equalizer as Bruno Cesar 's cross slammed into Rio Ferdinand and fell to Argentina veteran Pablo Aimar , who gratefully accepted the chance . Benfica and United are level on nine points , but the Portuguese side will go through as the group winners if they beat Romanian minnows Otelul Galati in their final group game in Lisbon next month . They have a better head-to-head record with United , who must gain at least a point at Swiss side FC Basel to qualify for the last 16 . Basel , who beat Otelul Galati 3-2 on Tuesday , will go through with a win over United .	Napoli beat Manchester City 2-1 in Champions League Group A Edinson Cavani scores twice to sink English Premier League leaders Bayern Munich seal passage to last 16 with 3-1 win over Villarreal Manchester United held 2-2 at home by Benfica in Group C
CNN  -- Maybe you chickened out on the one-way trip to Mars that was being offered . But never fear , there 's still a way for you to make a name for yourself . NASA is inviting the public to send their John and Jane Does to destinations beyond low-Earth orbit , including Mars . Spacey idea , right ? Pack lightly , because your name will fly in comfort on a dime-sized microchip aboard an Orion spacecraft that launches on December 4 . The test flight will circle Earth a few times before a fiery reentry and a splashdown in the Pacific Ocean . Sounds like fun , huh ? Bet you 're ready to sign up . It 's easy enough . Sleeper spaceship could carry first humans to Mars As an Earthbound intrepid explorer , you just enter your name -- and a few other details -- on the NASA website , click enter and you 're ready to go the distance . The names will also fly on future NASA exploration flights and missions to Mars . "  With each flight , selected individuals will accrue more miles as members of a global space-faring society , " the agency 's site says . There is a deadline for such important matters . To get your "  boarding pass " for the first test flight , you 'll need to submit your name by Halloween . What makes this more attractive is that it does n't end in death on a barren planet . More on Mars exploration The alternative A Dutch company called Mars One began looking last year for volunteer astronauts to fly to Mars . Departure for the Red Planet is scheduled for 2022 , landing seven months later in 2023 . The one-way ticket makes the mission possible because it greatly reduces costs , and the technology for a return flight does n't exist , according to Mars One 's website . In the days after the potential mission was announced , the company said it has received more than 10,000 emails from interested would-be spacefarers . Will it happen ? No one knows for sure . The company says it needs $ 6 billion to fund the project . Check back in a few years . In the meantime , hedge your bets and send your name into space instead . Who knows , maybe it will get you on the Martian guest list early .	NASA is taking names , just names , to send into space Eventually , some of the names will fly on a microchip to Mars The deadline for the first mission is Halloween
CNN  -- Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn has invited gunmakers such as Colt to relocate to his state from others including Connecticut , where firearms have been a controversial issue since a school shooting there last December left 20 students and six adults dead . The gun industry in Connecticut is being attacked and "  demonized " because of national politics , Gunn said in a letter this week to Colt 's Manufacturing Company CEO Dennis Veilleux . He also invited gunmaker Magpul Industries Corp. of Colorado to relocate to Mississippi . Gunn , a Republican , said firearm manufacturers are "  under attack in anti-Second Amendment states . " "  In our state , you will not be criticized for providing goods to the law-abiding citizens who enjoy hunting , shooting or who just want the peace of mind that comes with the constitutional right to protect their families , " Gunn wrote to Colt on Thursday . "  We welcome you with open arms ! " he said . In an interview with CNN affiliate WLBT , Gunn said having gunmakers move their operations to Mississippi is a "  natural match , " saying the industry "  meshes well " in a state with citizens who "  love to hunt , ... love to shoot ,  and  people enjoy the peace of mind that comes from knowing they have the right to defend themselves . " U.S. Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat , said Gunn sent letters to three gunmakers in his state and called Gunn 's proposal "  preposterous . " Connecticut residents support the Second Amendment and responsible gun ownership , "  far from demonizing firearms products made here , " Blumenthal said in a statement . "  This preposterous pitch to companies with long , successful histories in our state shows the need for national standards and statutes to reduce gun violence , " the senator said . "  Competition among states for less protective laws is a race to the bottom that should be avoided . The poison of illegal gun trafficking respects no state boundaries and threatens to cause more horrific tragedies like Newtown and the 1,900 gun violence deaths that have occurred since then . " Newtown is the name of the Connecticut town where last December 's mass shooting occurred , at Sandy Hook Elementary School . Representatives for Colt and Magpul could n't be reached immediately for comment Friday . William "  Mo " Cowan , interim U.S. Senator from Massachusetts , called Gunn 's attempt "  gimmicky " and predicted it would n't work to draw Smith & Wesson from its base in Springfield , according to CNN affiliate WGGB . That sentiment was echoed by Springfield 's mayor , who said his city 's and Massachusetts ' skilled and educated workforce measured up favorably against those in Mississippi and other states . "  Smith & Wesson is not going anywhere , " Mayor Dominic Sarno told WGGB , adding he still stands by his support for "  sensible gun control . " "  They 've been a vital and good corporate citizen here in the city of Springfield . "	NEW : Massachusetts politicians predict the bid to lure Smith & Wesson to Mississippi will fail The gun industry in Connecticut is being "  demonized , " says Mississippi 's House speaker Gunmakers in "  anti-Second Amendment states " wo n't be criticized in his state , he adds A U.S. senator from Connecticut calls the pitch "  preposterous "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea called off an attempt to put a satellite in orbit on Thursday , the latest setback to a program that has suffered failures in the past . The launch of the Naro-1 rocket was suspended minutes before takeoff at a launch site on the country 's southern coast Thursday afternoon local time . An inspection found problems with the electronic signal in part of the rocket 's mechanism , said Cho Yul-rae , a vice minister for education , science and technology . Additional time is needed to find out the reason behind the problem , he said . Analysts say the planned launch could rile the country 's hostile neighbor , North Korea , which carried out a botched launch in April for which it was widely criticized . North Korea 's secretive , nuclear-armed regime said its rocket , which broke apart soon after takeoff , was also meant to put a satellite in orbit . But the United States and other countries called it a cover for testing ballistic missile technology . The U.N. Security Council condemned the launch . South Korean authorities say their latest launch efforts are a crucial step for the development of the country 's civilian space program . The satellite carried by the launch vehicle is mainly intended for gathering climate data , they say . The South Korean launch plan is different from that of the North because it is more transparent , is clearly focused on civilian applications and does n't contravene U.N. sanctions , according to Lee Chung-min , an international relations professor at Yonsei University in Seoul . Despite that , North Korea is likely to "  insist that a South Korean rocket launch should also be resisted by the international community , " Lee said . North Korea 's state-run Korean Central News Agency has not published any reports so far mentioning the planned South Korean launch . The development of the South Korean rocket program , using Russian technology for the first-stage launcher , began in 2002 . Previous launch attempts in 2009 and 2010 failed . And this launch was originally scheduled to take place last month before being postponed at the last minute . Seoul is aiming to develop its own thruster by 2021 through a program estimated to cost 1.5 trillion won  about $ 1.4 billion  . A successful launch would put South Korea among the small group of nations that have sent a rocket into space from their own soil . Others include the United States , Russia , China , Japan , France , India , Israel and Iran . Recent satellite imagery suggests North Korea has n't given up on its own rocket ambitions . The image , released by the company DigitalGlobe , showed increased activity at the North 's Sohae Satellite Launch Station on the country 's west coast . The company 's analysis of the image , which showed similar preparations to those observed ahead the failed satellite launch in April , raised the possibility of a new launch in the next few weeks . But while the U.S. government has observed activity at the North Korean site , it does not believe a launch is imminent , according to U.S. military sources .	NEW : The launch is postponed after an electronic signal problem Previous launch attempts by South Korea failed in 2009 and 2010 Seoul says it is trying to develop its own civilian space program The planned launch may provoke a reaction from North Korea
Hong Kong  CNN  -- At least 19 people have been stung to death by hornets -- which may include the world 's largest hornet species Vespa mandarinia -- in China 's central Shaanxi province in the last three months , according to the city government of Ankang , the apparent epicenter of a recent spate of fatalities and injuries . A total of 583 people in the area have been stung by hornets since July 1 , say city officials . Seventy victims are still recovering in hospitals . Chen Changlin was hospitalized after being attacked by hornets , while harvesting rice last week . "  I ran and shouted for help , but the hornets chased me about 200 meters , and stung me for more than 3 minutes , " he recounted to the state-run China Youth Daily . Chen said hornets had first swarmed a woman and child working nearby , who then ran towards him . Both later died from the hornets ' toxins . "  The more you run , the more they want to chase you , " said another victim , whose kidneys were ravaged by the venom . When he was admitted to the hospital , his urine was the color of soy sauce , according to local reports . Earlier this month , 30 people -- including 23 primary school children aged between six and eight years -- were injured in a hornet attack in Guangxi province , south of Shaanxi . Their teacher , Li Zhiqiang , told his students to hide under tables as he tried to drive away the insects before he lost consciousness . The school 's headmaster told local media that most of the injured suffered stings to their heads , necks , hands and feet . Nearly 60 students and teachers were injured in a separate incident in the province at the start of the month , according to state media . Experts say a number of reasons may have contributed to the apparent increase in hornet activity , including the region 's recent hot , dry weather , land development and hornet sensitivity to the smell of people . The Asian killer hornet , which is suspected in these incidents , are formidable , carnivorous killers , according to the non-profit Honeybee Conservancy . The species feed their young with the larvae of other insects and use their talons and mandibles to sever the limbs and heads of their prey . The hornet 's venom sting is a neurotoxin so powerful that it dissolves human tissue , according to the Guinness Book of World Records . This week 's latest incidents spurred the Ankang city government to hold an emergency video call addressing local concerns . Vice Mayor Lu Qi said he would increase investment in regional hornet control . Mayor Xu Qifang added the city would establish a 24-hour emergency hornet response team . Journalist Ramy Inocencio wrote in Hong Kong and Ke Feng contributed to this article from Beijing .	At least 19 people have been stung to death by hornets in southern China More than 580 people have been stung in China 's southern Shaanxi province The Asian killer hornet , Vespa mandarinia , is world 's largest hornet and may be involved Regional hot , dry weather and smell of people may be factors in increased hornet activity
A troubled Michigan nuclear power plant cited for safety violations has been taken off line for maintenance and refueling , the plant 's owner said Monday . Palisades Power Plant , a 39-year-old facility located near Kalamazoo , has been under increased scrutiny from inspectors after the Nuclear Regulatory Commission cited the plant for three safety violations . The plant is currently owned and operated by Entergy Corporation . Officials are bringing in 1,165 additional workers to complete the scheduled maintenance , according to Mark Savage , a spokesman for the plant . Repairs include replacing 64 fuel assemblies , inspecting the reactor vessel head , replacing five control rod drive seals and inspecting steam generators , moister separators and heat exchangers . Entergy also said it plans to rebuild the main feed pump seals . Violations at the plant included a September 25 , 2011 , incident in which half of the control room indicators were lost because of an electrical fault "  caused by personnel at the site , " according to the NRC . A special inspection "  determined the plant failed to have adequate work procedures for the electrical panel maintenance work to ensure the job was done successfully , " the NRC report said . Additionally , the NRC cited Palisades and Entergy for an October 2010 incident in which an operator left his post unattended in the nuclear reactor 's control room without permission . The Palisades spokesman declined to provide a timetable for when the work will be completed . "  Due to competitive reasons , we do not discuss outage duration or planned time to return to service , " Savage said . Entergy operates nine other nuclear power plants in the United States . The news of a shutdown at Palisades came just days after Friday 's report that California 's San Onofre nuclear plant would remain shut down indefinitely until the source of problems with two of its generators can be determined .	The Palisades Power Plant was cited for safety violations It will undergo maintenance and refueling A spokesman for the plant declines to say when it will return to service
The Frisky  -- There are plenty of reasons to be excited about the fall . We 've got pumpkins , colorful leaves , Halloween , and whatnot . But the hands-down best thing about fall is that this is the season when the "  good " movies come out . Summer and winter might drop the biggest blockbusters , but the autumn flicks carry a different kind of weight . Maybe because the world is shedding its summer skin and the natural drama of nature lends itself to more heady works ? Yeah , maybe not . Whatever the reason , there are some fantastic-looking movies coming out this fall . We are counting down the days until these 10 are released . The Frisky : 10 stars with bad body habits 1 . "  The Romantics " A group of friends who call themselves "  the romantics , " because of their tendency to have incestuous relationships , gathers to witness the union of two of their own . Laura  Katie Holmes  is the maid of honor to her friend Lila  Anna Paquin  , who is marrying the man they 've both loved , Tom  Josh Duhamel  . It 's Holmes ' first role in forever , so you know we 'll be there . Comes out September 10 . 2 . "  Never Let Me Go " Based on Kazuo Ishiguro 's bestselling novel of the same name , this movie follows three children , Ruth  Keira Knightley  , Kathy  Carey Mulligan  and Tommy , as they grow up in an English boarding school and come to terms with the love they feel for each other and the lives that await them . It does n't sound that interesting when summarized in a sentence , but trust me-the book is incredible . Hits theaters September 15 . The Frisky : 12 celebs who deny getting breast implants despite radical pics 3 . "  Easy A " I do n't think I could be more giddy about Emma Stone 's venture into Hester Prynne territory . This flick is based on "  The Scarlet Letter " - only the adultery scandal is staged . Why ? For money  for her  and popularity  for him  . Does n't this also sound like "  Ca n't Buy Me Love " ? Comes out September 17 . 4 . "  Howl " James Franco portrays Beat poet and counter-culture icon Allen Ginsberg during his public obscenity trial and leading up to his most well-known work , "  Howl . " I should n't even have to sell you on this one , since James Franco is the undeniably hot star . Begins showing in cinemas September 24 . The Frisky : 10 famous men who chose their mistresses over their wives 5 . "  The Social Network " This is the long-awaited tale of how Harvard undergrad and computer programming mastermind Mark Zuckerberg started Facebook and became the youngest billionaire in history . The story is wrought with drama , legal complications , and the looming question of what social networking has done to all of us in general . To which I say , "  Bad things . " Check it out October 1 . 6 . "  It 's Kind of a Funny Story " Craig Gilner  Keir Gilchrist  is a stressed-out 16-year-old who bikes to a mental health clinic one morning and checks himself in , hoping to stop the noise in his head . The youth ward is closed for the day , so he 's placed in the adult ward and an unhinged patient named Bobby  Zach Galifianakis  takes him under his wing . Craig falls for another displaced teen , Noelle  Emma Roberts  . Craig is stuck in the ward for the minimum five-days stay but accidentally finds what he needs . Cute . Out October 8 . The Frisky : See Kim Kardashian 's celebrity twin 7 . "  Nowhere Boy " Growing up in Liverpool and being fought over by his aunt and mother , John Lennon  Aaron Johnson  dreams of starting a rock band and finds a kindred spirit in a young Paul McCartney . You know how this one ends . Look for it on the big screen October 8 . 8 . "  Due Date " Peter Highman  Robert Downey Jr.  needs to get home in five days , in time for his wife 's due date . As he 's trying to catch a flight from Atlanta , he runs into aspiring actor Ethan Tremblay  Zach Galifianakis  who forces him to take a cross-country road trip with him . Hilarity ensues . It might just be "  The Hangover " with Robert Downey Jr. . But is n't that enough ? Rolling out November 5 . The Frisky : 6 celebrities who are hoarding 9 . "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 1 " In the first half of the final chapter of the Harry Potter series , Harry  Daniel Radcliffe  , Ron  Rupert Grint  and Hermione  Emma Watson  leave Hogwarts and go off on a quest to destroy the Horcruxes , which hold Voldemort 's power and immortality . In 3D , no less ! Comes out November 19 . 10 . "  Burlesque " Ali  Christina Aguilera  runs off to Los Angeles to become a star . She comes across The Burlesque Lounge and manages to eventually wow the un-wowable proprietor , Tess  Cher  , and show 's current star  Kristen Bell  . It might be a shame to admit , but I could n't care less about Aguilera and Cher . I just want to see Kristen Bell dance ! Hits theaters November 24 . Study says 1 in 4 in love with someone else TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  Due Date " might just be "  The Hangover " with Robert Downey Jr. . "  The Social Network " is the take of how Zuckerberg started Facebook James Franco portrays Beat poet and counter-culture icon Allen Ginsberg in "  Howl "
CNN  -- Investigators have busted an international pedophile ring that charged people money to watch live online broadcasts of Filipino children being sexually abused , authorities said . Under way since 2012 , the operation has resulted in the arrest of 29 people , 11 of them from the group in the Philippines that facilitated the abuse , Britain 's National Crime Agency  NCA  said in a statement Wednesday . Some of the people who arranged for the abuse , which was filmed on webcams , were from the children 's own families , it said . Fifteen children between the ages of 6 and 15 have been rescued in the Philippines , the British agency said . The investigation was a joint effort between the NCA , the Australian Federal Police and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . The operation began after British police found "  indecent videos " on computers at the home of a registered sex offender . The ensuing investigation eventually uncovered the abuse being carried out in the Philippines and people in other countries who were involved in the pedophile ring , the NCA said . Seventeen arrests were made in Britain , the agency said , resulting in five convictions . "  This investigation has identified some extremely dangerous child sexual offenders who believed paying for children to be abused to order was something they could get away with , " said Andy Baker , deputy director of the NCA 's Child Exploitation and Online Protection command . "  Being thousands of miles away makes no difference to their guilt . In my mind , they are just as responsible for the abuse of these children as the contact abusers overseas , " he said . An Internet scourge Children 's rights advocates say that cyber-sex crimes can be difficult to track down because the private nature of the technology allows crimes to take place in a venue that law enforcement ca n't easily access , making it harder to gather evidence against perpetrators . Conditions in the Philippines -- such as widespread poverty , an established sex trade , a predominantly English-speaking , technologically-literate population and widespread Internet access -- have made the country vulnerable to such abuse . "  A vast and comparatively wealthy overseas customer base has led to organized crime groups exploiting children for financial gain , " the NCA said . The British agency cited online conversations in which two of the men convicted under the investigation , Timothy Ford and Thomas Owen , discussed ways to travel to the Philippines to engage in direct abuse of children . In one webchat , Ford , who uses a wheelchair , proposed that Owen could behave as his carer as way to avoid being caught , the agency said . Ford was sentenced to eight and half years in prison in March ; Owen was sentenced to seven years in prison in July . The NCA said more than 37,500 pounds  $ 61,000  had been paid through the crime network in exchange for viewing the abuse of children . Three other separate investigations are under way into the live-streaming of child sexual abuse and have identified 733 suspects worldwide , the agency said . A heavy toll for the victims of human trafficking CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	A crime group charged people money to watch child sexual abuse live online Police say 29 people have been arrested in an investigation running since 2012 The operation resulted in 15 children in the Philippines being rescued , authorities say Some of the people facilitating the abuse were from the children 's families , police say
CNN  -- A developmentally delayed teen girl is missing and might be in danger , Massachusetts State Police said Wednesday . Brittany Thompson , 17 , of Medfield , was last seen on Monday leaving Medfield Public Library with a man , according to police , who cited a videotape . Thompson , is about 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighs 140 pounds . She has braces and was wearing a red sleeveless shirt , blue jeans and flip flops . Brittany is developmentally delayed , according to Massachusetts State Police . The person she was leaving with was a heavy-set white male , wearing a "  Sons of Anarchy " T-shirt and slicked-back hair , according to the statement . "  In the videotape , she looks like she walks out of the library voluntarily , " Medfield Police Chief Robert Meaney told CNN on Wednesday . "  This is not an abduction , no crime of any sort , " Meaney continued . "  Right now , we have a girl who walked out of the library with an unknown guy and we are trying to figure out who he is . " Meaney said that Thompson 's parents do not know the man in the surveillance video from the library . Although the current situation is not deemed criminal , the state police said , "  We have reason to believe Brittany Thompson is endangered , " in their statement . Anyone with information about Thompson 's whereabouts or has information on the man is asked to call Massachusetts State Police at 508-820-2121 .	Teen girl last seen leaving library in Medfield Police looking for man she was seen with Brittany Thompson may be in danger , officials say
London , England  CNN  -- The father and brother of a Harry Potter actress will appear in court later this month in Manchester , England , on charges of threatening to kill the young star , prosecutors said Friday . Abdul Azad , 54 , and his son Ashraf , 28 , are accused of attacking actress Afshan Azad earlier this month because of her relationship with a Hindu man , a spokesman for the Crown Prosecution Service said . The family is Muslim . The father and brother appeared at Manchester Magistrate 's Court on Wednesday and were released on conditional bail , said the spokesman , who could not be named in line with policy . Bail conditions include a curfew and ban on traveling to London , the Manchester Evening News reported . Afshan Azad , reported to be 22 , has appeared in four Harry Potter films as Padma Patil , a classmate of the boy wizard and twin sister of Parvati Patil . The alleged attack happened May 21 . The father and brother are charged with threatening to kill the actress , and her brother is also charged with assault , the prosecutors ' spokesman said . Afshan Azad had never acted before she was cast in the movies , and admitted she only went to the auditions with her friends "  for a bit of fun , " the Manchester Evening News reported .	Father , brother of Harry Potter actress to appear in court this month Both charged with threatning to kill Afshan Azad ; brother charged with assault Azad has played Padma Patil in four Harry Potter movies Alleged attack happened May 21
New York  CNN  -- As a 9/11 widow , I understood my role on the memorial jury to have both a personal and a public component . At no time was the confluence of those roles more clear to me than when we discussed the placement of victims ' names on the memorial . And nothing had a more profound effect on my feelings of closure than the decision to use the concept of "  meaningful adjacencies " to determine the placement of those names . When I first heard the phrase "  meaningful adjacencies , " I had no idea how powerful the concept would prove to be . At the time , in 2004 , those of us who had the honor of serving on the jury that selected the winning design for the 9/11 Memorial had been struggling hard with how best to display the names . It was clear that arranging the names alphabetically or by company would be too cold and dispassionate , as if this were a listing you 'd see in a building directory posted near the elevator . The alternative , displaying the names randomly , seemed at first to make more sense . After all , it was random , was n't it , who lived and who died on that terrible morning 10 years ago ? But ultimately , we realized , a random arrangement felt wrong , too . The deaths of our loved ones may have been random , but their lives were not . In the concept of meaningful adjacencies , we had at last found a powerful response to the senselessness of our loved ones ' deaths . Placing names in thoughtful proximity to one another would give us the opportunity to bear witness to the shared care and concern , the labor and joy that bound these people together while they were alive -- whether as siblings or colleagues , as friends or family , or even as former strangers who turned to one another for comfort at that moment of cataclysm . In a profound way , we realized that meaningful adjacencies would convey both the disturbing appearance of randomness with a comforting underlying truth : We are all connected . The idea captured us all . Michael Arad , the designer of the memorial , came up with this simple yet powerful concept . I will always remember how he explained it to the jury : A memorial is a monument unless it lists the names of those lost . It was crucial that the names on this memorial be displayed , and displayed with purpose . And so although it would be a Herculean task to get the needed input from family members , we all felt strongly that the effort to evoke this underlying network of connections would elegantly and simply convey not only the way in which these precious lives were lost but , perhaps more importantly , how these precious lives were lived . It would be upon us , the family members , to decide who to list our loved ones near , and it would come from knowledge that only we could supply . When the 9/11 Memorial sent personalized letters to victims ' next of kin across the globe , there were more than 1,200 meaningful adjacency requests . All of them were honored . Powerfully calling to mind the image of an invisible web linking those who perished , the reasons for some adjacencies will be fairly obvious to the general public . The Hanson family -- Sue , Peter , and their 2-year-old daughter Christine , the youngest victim on September 11 -- died together on Flight 175 and will be listed together . Their names might have been adjacent even in an alphabetical listing . But then there is a family that died on Flight 77 -- Charles Falkenberg and Leslie Whittington , married for 17 years , and their children Zoe and Dana -- whose names would have been separated by a simple alphabetical order . And then there are adjacencies that express connections that are more hidden , and yet profound . Abigail Ross Goodman lost both her father , Richard Ross , on Flight 11 , which crashed into the North Tower , and her best friend , Stacey Leigh Sanders , who was working that morning in the North Tower on the 96th floor . For Abigail Ross Goodman , the names of these two loved ones will forever be linked in her memory and now also at the memorial . It 's important to note that the memorial also launched a Memorial Guide , a digital tool to help family members and visitors locate any name . Not only does the guide show the exact place where a person 's name will be , but it also provides background information on all of the victims and lists any adjacencies . People will be able to locate a name in advance via the 9/11 Memorial 's website or use an on-site kiosk to find a loved one or learn more about any of the victims . In the case of my husband , David Berry , I requested that he and his trusted colleague and friend , Thomas Theurkauf , be listed near each other . Although we will never know for certain , Tom 's widow and I are convinced that our husbands died together . There is no more powerful testament to the special bonds that could not be broken by the murderous attacks of that day . We are comforted to know that their names will be kept close , reflecting how they stood together on the morning of September 11 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paula Grant Berry .	Paula Grant Berry was one of the jurors who selected the memorial design Architect Michael Arad had an idea for listing names by "  meaningful adjacencies " Those who lived or died together are listed together if families wish Berry : The deaths of our loved ones may have been random , but their lives were not .
CNN  -- Snow fell in parts of the southeast Saturday , the leading edge of a powerful storm system that has prompted blizzard warnings in New York City and Boston and threatened to cause major travel headaches at the tail end of the holiday week . The National Weather Service has issued a blizzard warning for the New York City metropolitan area , from northeast New Jersey through Newark and New York , and including the entirety of both the Long Island and Connecticut coasts of the Long Island Sound . That warning is in effect between 6 a.m. Sunday and 6 p.m. Monday . Forecasters predict between 11 to 16 inches of blowing snow in much of that region , bringing visibility to near zero at times . Sustained winds as strong as 30 miles per hour could hit Sunday night , with gusts up to 55 mph in parts of central and eastern Long Island . And , starting at noon Sunday and extending through 6 p.m. Monday , a similar warning is out for all of Rhode Island and most of eastern Massachusetts . Parts of that region could see as much as 20 inches of snow , with strong winds contributing to near blinding travel conditions and likely significant power outages . The weather service also put out a blizzard watch from Sunday evening through Monday afternoon for coastal New Hampshire and Maine , up to the Canadian border . All this could put a wrench in thousands of travel plans . Continental Airlines , which is partnered with United Airlines , has canceled about 250 domestic mainline and regional departures for Sunday , spokesman Andrew J. Ferraro said . American Airlines spokeswoman Mary Sanderson said that the airline expected minimal delays through Sunday morning , but that it plans to cancel flights in and out of several key East Coast airports starting in the afternoon . "  Customers will be contacted through the automated re-accommodation system ... as early as tonight , " Sanderson said . "  We 'll have a better idea tomorrow morning . " Delta Air Lines , too , has begun cancelling some flights , though it expects to have a better handle of how many cancellations will be needed on Sunday morning "  once we 've worked through the schedule , " spokesman Kent Landers said . Earlier , the carrier cancelled approximately 500 Christmas Day flights -- including roughly 300 in and out of Atlanta -- in an attempt to get ahead of the storm , Delta spokesman Morgan Durrant said . Delta has joined Continental , United , American , AirTran Airways and other carriers in waiving penalties for travelers who have to reschedule their trips over the weekend . While specific information varies by carrier , most are offering penalty waivers for passengers traveling on December 26 and 27 at airports from North Carolina to Boston and beyond . Affected customers are being urged to contact the relevant airline either by phone or online . Winter storm warnings were in effect late Saturday afternoon and into Sunday in parts of Georgia north to Virginia , with the rest of the East Coast set to follow as the weekend progresses . A band of light snowfall was moving across the Tennessee Valley and the southern Appalachians , according to the National Weather Service . Madison , Alabama , had received 2.2 inches of snow since Thursday . Snowfall amounts of 3 to 6 inches were possible across North Carolina , and Atlanta was receiving afternoon precipitation . Picturesque Asheville in western North Carolina was well on its way Saturday to notching up to 8 inches of snow . Light flakes were falling in Washington on Saturday , a precurso to heavier snowfall expected to arrive midday Sunday . Accumulations are expected to be between 2 and 4 inches . Forecasters , too , warned of icy driving conditions across much of the East . Much of the precipitation will fall along the Interstate 95 corridor and near the Atlantic coast . CNN meteorologist Bonnie Schneider explained that the system is a Nor'easter , which gets its name from the continuously strong northeasterly winds blowing in from the ocean ahead of the storm and over the coastal areas . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Delta joins other carriers in cancelling flights , with more likely to come Sunday NEW : A blizzard watch is in effect for coastal New Hampshire and Maine Southern New England and metro NYC have a blizzard warning for Sunday and Monday It 's all part of a storm system that 's causing travel headaches along the East Coast
Eleven people were killed Saturday when two vans carrying a polio vaccination team were hit by a roadside bomb in Pakistan 's northern Khyber Agency , authorities said . Among the dead was an 8-year-old child ; 12 other people were wounded , Khbyer Agency surgeon Dr. Rehman Khan said . Ten of the fatalities were tribal policemen called Khasadars , he said . Though the security forces and militants engaged the attackers in a gun battle , the militants escaped , he said . The child was caught in cross-fire , said Dr. Sameen Jan Shinwari , medical superintendent of Agency Headquarters Hospital in Jamrud . The Khyber Agency is a loosely governed tribal region that borders on Afghanistan . Pakistan 's military had resumed operations against suspected Taliban strongholds in Khyber and other nearby agencies , after peace talks with the militant group broke down last month in the wake of attacks by the group . Earlier this week , government airstrikes demolished suspected Pakistani Taliban hideouts in Waziristan and may have killed dozens , the military said . But , after Saturday 's attack in Khyber Agency , the Pakistani Taliban announced a month-long cease-fire , the group 's spokesman , Shahidullah Shahid , told CNN . A government spokesman said the committee charged with holding talks with the TTP welcomed the announcement as a "  positive development , " but had received no official cease-fire offer . The government 's committee is expected to meet early next week to discuss the development . A militant group , which has connections to the Pakistani Taliban , opposes polio vaccinations , accusing polio workers of pursuing a political agenda . Anti-polio campaigns have been targeted by militants in Pakistan since U.S. intelligence officials used a fake vaccination program to help in their hunt for Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Under cover of the program , the CIA sought to collect DNA samples from relatives of the al Qaeda leader to verify his presence in a compound in Abbottabad . Since July 2012 , at least 22 polio workers have been killed . The polio campaign has a history of controversy in Pakistan . Some mullahs have preached against it , claiming falsely that the oral vaccine leaves Pakistani children sterile . Last year , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continued its campaign of drone strikes . Polio , which can cause permanent paralysis in hours , remains endemic only in Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan .	Among the dead : an 8-year-old child Pakistani Taliban announce a month-long cease-fire Security forces and militants fire upon each other Two vans carrying a polio vaccination team are hit by a roadside bomb
Soma , Turkey  CNN  -- Police in Soma , Turkey , used tear gas , plastic pellets and a water cannon Friday on protesters angry over the government 's response to a coal mine fire that killed at least 298 people . Protesters chanting "  Do n't sleep , Soma , remember your dead ! " coursed through city streets a few miles from the disaster site , trying to reach a statue honoring miners . The clash came two days after a photograph surfaced of an aide to Turkey 's Prime Minister kicking a protester , an image that quickly became a symbol of the anger felt by many against the government , and amid mounting questions over safety practices at the mine . The complex exploded into fire for unknown reasons Tuesday -- trapping many miners deep underground . Among other issues , mine officials indicated Friday that workers may not have had access to an emergency refuge where they could have sheltered from the flames and choking fumes . Site manager Akin Celik told reporters that the mine had closed one emergency refuge when excavation work moved to a lower area . Miners were building , but had not finished , a new safety chamber at the lower level , he said . The owner of the company , Alp Gurman , said the mine met the highest standards laid out by the law in Turkey . The company , he said , had no legal obligation to build safety chambers . Early Satuday , the Natural Disaster and Emergency Coordination Directorate said the number of dead in the mining disaster is now 298 . It was n't immediately clear how many miners may still be inside ; authorities earlier said 18 remained trapped . If and when they are found , hopes have dwindled that they 'll be alive . Rescue workers have n't found anyone alive since Wednesday . Smoke and fumes were still hindering search and recovery efforts Friday , officials said . Authorities have previously said the fire was sparked by a transformer explosion , but Celik told reporters Friday that the cause of the fire was still unknown . Asked what had happened , he said , "  We do n't know either . Never seen anything like this before . We are trying to find out . " Kicking a protester Friday 's clashes are likely to further anger Soma residents already seething over the disaster and the treatment of the protester kicked by Yusuf Yerkel , an adviser to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . The man , detained by special forces , can be seen lying on the ground as the suited adviser to Erdogan appears to aim a kick at him . The shocking image outraged many in Turkey , prompting an outpouring of anger on social media , and is seen as symbolizing the increasingly polarizing impact of Erdogan 's authority in the country . Yerkel was quoted by Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency Thursday as saying that he had been deeply saddened by the previous day 's events . "  I am sad that I could not keep my calm in the face of all the provocation , insults and attacks that I was subjected to that day , " he reportedly said . In another incident Wednesday , video footage showed a crowd outside a grocery store angrily booing Erdogan . As the Prime Minister entered the crowded store , he appeared to put his arm around the neck of a man who was later identified as a miner . After the confrontation , the video captured what appeared to be Erdogan 's security guards beating the same man to the floor . The miner said later that Erdogan slapped him , possibly by mistake . He wants an apology for the way he was treated by the Prime Minister 's staff . Huseyin Celik , a spokesman for the ruling Justice and Development Party , or AKP , dismissed the grocery store incident and said the image of Yerkel kicking the protester was misleading . Political bonfire Besides the anger prompted by the photo , Erdogan 's comments Wednesday to relatives of dead and injured miners were seen as highly insensitive and drew scathing criticism . The Prime Minister glossed over the issue of mine safety , describing the carnage that was suffered as par for the course in the dangerous business . As public anger mounted through the evening , hundreds took to the streets in anti-government protests in Istanbul and Ankara , with police answering , in some cases , with water cannons and tear gas . As Erdogan took a stroll through the city , onlookers showered him with deafening jeers as well as chants of "  Resign , Prime Minister ! " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu defended Erdogan in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday . "  He was feeling all these pains in his heart , " he said . "  Everybody knows that our Prime Minister is always with the people , and always feels the pain of the people . Otherwise , he would n't get such a high support in eight elections in  the  last 10 years . " But the disaster opened up an old political wound . Opposition politician Ozgur Ozel from the Manisa region , which includes Soma , filed a proposal in late April to investigate Turkish mines after repeated deadly accidents . Erdogan 's government rejected the proposal . It claimed that the mine , owned by SOMA Komur Isletmeleri A.S. , had passed recent inspections . A Turkish engineers ' association criticized mine ventilation and safety equipment this week as being "  insufficient and old . " A lack of safety inspections has caused 100 coal mines to be closed in the last three years , according to Turkey 's Energy Ministry . A ` sorrow for the whole Turkish nation ' President Abdullah Gul offered words of comfort as he visited Soma on Thursday , the day after his premier attracted public ire . The disaster is a "  sorrow for the whole Turkish nation , " Gul told reporters , and he offered his condolences to the victims ' families . An investigation has begun , Gul said , adding that he was sure this would "  shed light " on what regulations are needed . "  Whatever is necessary will be done , " he said . Despair , anger , dwindling hope after Turkey coal mine fire Diana Magnay , Gul Tuysuz and Ivan Watson reported from western Turkey , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 298 have died as a result of the coal mine fire , according to disaster officials Mine owner says the Soma site met the standards required by Turkish law Ruling party spokesman says PM 's aide kicked a protester after he was attacked by him ` Remember your dead , ' chant protesters angry over mine response
TUOL SAMBO , Cambodia  CNN  -- Van Thy says the government evicted her from her home in the Cambodian capital and trucked her and others out to a town an hour away where she now lives in a hot green metal shed with no running water and dim prospects . Many Cambodian AIDS patients and their families have been relocated to this community outside Tuol Sambo . Before the move , she had a job as a dishwasher , but now the 36-year-old woman is unemployed , penniless and her health has taken a turn for the worse . She has AIDS like many of the others in the 40 AIDS-affected families that were resettled here . "  We were called for a meeting and when I got there , a lot of trucks were already prepared . There was no meeting . They told us to prepare our stuff for moving out , " she said , her voice trembling as she detailed her departure from the Phnom Penh shantytown she called home for nine years . "  Everybody cried the day we left . " As Cambodia emerges from the 1970s Khmer Rouge genocide and decades of conflict , evictions for development purposes have become a hot issue , with rights groups and upset villagers living on desirable land launching protests in recent years . But what sets the families apart at Tuol Sambo is that they have AIDS . "  The problems that this community face are not unlike problems that people face throughout the country , " said Kathleen O'Keefe , an independent consultant focusing on HIV/AIDS and land issues . "  What has made these problems extreme is that they have been isolated and treated as a community " and their relocation has added "  additional problems , like real health risks of many immune compromised people living far too close together . This place would be a health risk to healthy people . " This is the second relocation for many of these families . They had been living in a shantytown in the Cambodian capital , an area called Borei Keila that was across the street from a hospital where they received medical care and where they could find jobs to earn $ 1.25 or $ 1.50 a day . O'Keefe said they had lived dispersed throughout the community but were forced to move into one building there in 2007 when the area started to undergo development . "  They were segregated into a green building , which very quickly became known as the ... AIDS village , " O'Keefe said . "  This AIDS colony in Tuol Sambo is the second time they are being even further isolated ... it 's been an extremely traumatic situation for them . " O'Keefe said most of the families that were moved to Tuol Sambo told her they have lost their jobs , their health is worsening due to a lack of clean water and food , and they face discrimination from their new neighbors because of their illness . "  We feel very ashamed to go outside , they look like they -LSB- are -RSB- discriminating against us , " Van Thy said . Phnom Penh Deputy Governor Mann Chhoeun said those who were relocated got a plot of land , a house and $ 275 . He also noted they were provided rice , electricity and said , "  when the water supply can be connected to this area , then we can connect it for these people . " Mann Chhoeun said the people were illegally squatting in the Phnom Penh shantytown , but they were not forcefully evicted . "  They proposed to go ... because living in that area  their previous shantytown  they had floods and they have no proper business to do in there , so that 's why they proposed to us to go there , " he said . "  They think that when they go there  to Tuol Sambo  , they can own the land , they can own a house and they can make some business or something like that . " He also said he did not believe there was discrimination in the area , "  but there is some feeling when they  people  learn that someone has been living with HIV/AIDS . " Van Thy said her new home has brought many challenges and a recent blood test showed that her CD4 count -- a marker of decreased immune function that is often used to demonstrate how well anti-HIV drugs are working , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -- had gone down . She said the doctor told her she needed to eat more , but she said having little money means eating less : "  It means that my health is getting worse , " she said . The water in their new home is from a well and is undrinkable unless it is boiled or purified . "  We are patients , we need some clean water , " she said . "  They said the water can not be drunk , just for using to wash clothes and things like that . " Another man , Chheang Toma , takes the temperature inside his green shed at noon every day . On average , it is 35 degrees Celsius  95 degrees Fahrenheit  but one time spiked up to 50 Celsius  122  . "  This area is very difficult , " he said . "  I am always sick , and I always have a headache . The weather is so hot even my son has gone to the clinic two times already . " Home care specialist , Oum Vicheth , has been working with this community since 1998 and holds a clinic at Tuol Sambo once a week . He said the move "  has strongly affected them . " "  This is a long-term effect , not a short-term one , because medicine alone can not help them . It combines with other factors like food , eating enough , sleeping enough and a good environment , so all this can help make their health stable , " he said . "  The problem is right now that what these people are facing is about their food , about their sleep and about the heat . It 's very hot . Sometimes this affects the quality of the medicine they keep . " Chheang Toma said his son , who is in first grade , heard that parents of local children told them not to play with him because he has HIV . "  He just told me that he wanted to play with those children but when they saw him they just run away , " he said . "  I know right now some parents they just learning and understand about us , and they start to tolerate , but some others keep us in isolation -- like they still look at us , treating us very bad by not coming very close and not making friends with us . " Oum Vicheth said he was providing health care to the villagers as a way to bring them closer to the group , and they have held meetings with them about how HIV is contracted . "  There was very little thought given to integrating the community into the larger resettlement area of Tuol Sambo , " said Tony Lisle , the UNAIDS country coordinator for Cambodia . "  By basically settling the community in one contiguous place it opens the community up to discrimination . " The U.N. team in Cambodia also "  was disappointed that the relocation was carried out before the site was made habitable " and monitors would visit the site in late August , Lisle said . Teng Kunthy , secretary-general of the Cambodian government 's National AIDS Authority , said the Tuol Sambo group 's worries were about the housing , not their health care , since he said they still had good access to treatment , including home-based care , medicine and the help of charities . He said the housing situation could not be changed overnight , but it would improve "  step by step , " and he also noted Tuol Sambo was an area the municipality wants to develop . "  The municipality has a plan for the future , " he said . "  I asked the government to explain to them  the Tuol Sambo residents  , to provide more information to them . " He also noted there was "  no serious discrimination " in Cambodia against people with HIV/AIDS , but that the AIDS authority would try to ensure any such problems did not arise in the future . Back at Tuol Sambo , people think of the future and how they will make ends meet . One man in the community who has AIDS lost one job in the move but still has part-time work . He said things have improved with their new neighbors . "  When we first arrived here , the villagers around the area just said look at AIDS people living here and so they did not allow their children or relatives to come and play in this area and they do n't talk to us . But now after seeing the home care specialist , " things seem to be getting better with them , he said . Still , he and his friends from the old shantytown are not happy with their new lives . "  We are living with disappointment , " he said .	Many of the people relocated by government to Tuol Sambo have AIDS They used to live in a shantytown near a hospital , their jobs Government says they were illegal squatters , they provided them money , services People say they have lost jobs , income , getting sick , lack clean water
Dan Marino , considered one of the greatest quarterbacks in National Football League history , is withdrawing his name from a concussion lawsuit against the NFL , according to published reports . The news , first reported by the South Florida Sun Sentinel , comes a day after media reports that the Hall of Fame quarterback and 14 other players had filed a lawsuit that claims the NFL knew for years of a link between concussions and long-term health problems and did nothing about it . Marino , 52 , said he did n't realize his name would be attached to the lawsuit . "  Within the last year I authorized a claim to be filed on my behalf just in case I needed future medical coverage to protect me and my family in the event I later suffered from the effects of head trauma , " the former Miami Dolphins star wrote in a statement published in the Sun Sentinel and on Sports Illustrated 's website . Marino said his name was "  automatically " attached to the suit , which asks for a jury to decide monetary damages and seeks medical monitoring for the former players . Each player submitted a brief complaint with standard language saying they suffer from brain injuries and exhibit symptoms that have developed over time . "  I am sympathetic to other players who are seeking relief who may have suffered head injuries . I also disclaim any references in the form complaint of current head injuries , " he said . The Sun Sentinel reported that Marino has said he only had two concussions in his 17 seasons . Marino was considered one of the most durable quarterbacks in the NFL and once started 99 games in a row . Known for a quick release and not getting sacked , he still holds several NFL records . He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2005 . He did not return CNN 's repeated calls for comment . NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said the league had no comment on the lawsuit . Other former players involved in the suit are Richard Bishop , Ethan Johnson , Chris Dugan , Anthony Grant , Mark Green , LaCurtis Jones , John Huddleston , Erik Affholter , Toddrick McIntosh , Dwight Wheeler , Jackie Wallace , Moses Moreno , Peter Manning and Bruce Clark . Had Marino remained a party to the suit , he would have been one of the most high-profile former players among thousands who are suing or have sued the league through many different legal filings . After his career , Marino worked as an NFL analyst for HBO and CBS . In the biggest concussion case , the NFL and at least 4,500 players proposed a $ 765 million settlement but a federal judge declined in January to approve the figure , saying she did n't think it was enough money . The estimated 20,000 class members over the settlement 's 65-year lifespan would include former players with early dementia , moderate dementia , Alzheimer 's disease , Parkinson 's disease , amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and/or death with a postmortem diagnosis of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a brain disorder . Sports Illustrated reported that Marino would be eligible for benefits from that lawsuit . White House to talk concussion prevention at summit Head impact sensors : On-the-field placebo or danger ? Brett Favre : Memory lapse ` put a little fear in me '	Florida paper reports Dan Marino did n't realize he would be part of new lawsuit Hall of Fame quarterback releases statement saying he has no current head injuries Group of now 14 ex-players is latest to sue the NFL
Casey Kasem 's children are taking their fight against their stepmom to see their ailing father all the way to court . Kasem 's daughter Julie Kasem and her husband filed a conservatorship petition in a Los Angeles court Monday , claiming the retired radio host "  has been isolated from his daughters , friends and other family " by his wife . Kasem , who for decades hosted radio music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " is suffering from Parkinson 's disease and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " according to the court filing . He retired in 2009 . Kasem , 81 , has the "  ability to shuffle short distances , but is mainly bedridden and requires the assistance of a wheelchair to move any distance , " the court document said . The petition claims that daughter Julie Kasem and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , have been unable to check on Kasem 's health even though her father signed papers in 2007 giving them the power of attorney over his heath care in the event he was unable to make his own health decisions . They "  have been prevented from exercising their duties " by Jean Kasem , who has been married to the retired radio host for three decades , the filing contends . "  There is no communication between Jean and us and his daughters , " brother Mouner Kasem told CNN Saturday . "  We have no knowledge of how he is , what he 's doing , if he 's better , if he 's worse , and we 're scared that we 'll never see him again . " The petition claims Kasem 's wife has refused to provide the children with the name of their father 's primary care physician . That doctor would be consulted to determine Kasem 's "  ability to act on his own behalf , " which is the question that would cause the health care power of attorney to take effect , it said . A hearing date is set for November 19 . Daughter Kerri Kasem told CNN that her stepmother suddenly barred her sister , her uncle and some of Kasem 's friends from seeing him about three months ago . She 's perplexed by the decision . "  I do n't get it , I do n't understand it , " Kerri Kasem , who co-hosts the radio show "  Sixx Sense " with Motley Crue 's Nikki Sixx , told CNN . "  He has Parkinson 's , and all the research we 've done indicates socialization would help him . " CNN has reached out to get a statement from Jean Kasem , but has been unsuccessful . Kerri Kasem and other members of the family held a protest at Kasem 's Holmby Hills house to raise public attention to their dispute last week . The fight is not about an inheritance , Kerri Kasem said . "  My dad told us a long time ago we were not in the will , and we 're OK with that . We 've known that for years , " she said . "  I 've never asked him for anything , nor have I asked Jean for anything . " Don Pitts , Kasem 's agent of more than 35 years , said he did not want to take sides in the argument , but he did say Casey is still of sound mind . "  He has Parkinson 's , has it very bad . It took his speech , and for somebody who made millions of dollars using his voice -- for him to lose that gift , that beautiful instrument -- it must be frustrating . But he 's handling it very well , " Pitts said . "  His mind is very sharp , his brain works well . You can tell in his eyes he understands everything you 're saying . He just has trouble translating it from the brain to his vocal cords . " Besides the famed countdown shows , Casey Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . The kings of the radio : All-time great DJs	Kasem 's daughters claim his wife is isolating the retired radio host from family and friends "  We 're scared that well never see him again , " Kasem 's brother tells CNN Kasem ca n't speak and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " a filing says He retired in 2009 after decades of hosting radio 's "  American Top 40 "
EW.com  -- What a crapfest ! The judges DID end up using their save this week . Before Jessica Sanchez could make it through a single verse of "  Nobody 's Supposed to be Here , " tangerine dream Jennifer Lopez had stormed the stage . "  Gim me that mic ! " she snapped . "  Shall we dance ? " she continued . "  Why did n't all you b ****** watch Â ¡ Q'Viva !? " Randy Jackson stepped in . "  We are saving Jessica without any doubt , " he announced . "  This girl is one of the best singers in America . Are you kidding me ? Everybody please vote for the best . " "  Are you kidding me ? " said the sparkly tongue-sticking-out emoticon pin on Randy 's lapel . "  Let the people do what they want . < 3 < 3 < 3 . " Ugh , it was all so staged ! To make matters worse , we 'd already been warned that this charade was about to happen . "  We 're gon na use our card tonight , especially with an outcome like this , " Steven Tyler had assured Ryan once the shocking bottom three -- Jessica , Joshua Ledet , and Elise Testone -- had been announced . Could have used a spoiler alert there Steven ! That tinkling sound you hear behind you is bits of evil gargoyle overlord Nigel Lythgoe 's granite teeth crumbling to the floor from over-clenching . Just beautiful . Anyway , the judges saved Jessica . Not surprising . Ryan Seacrest carried on his annual tradition of separating the top and bottom three contestants and then making the only officially "  safe " person -- Skylar Laine -- "  pick the group you think you belong with . " Skylar promptly marched over to the couches and refused , but Ryan 's meaty grip got her in the end . Turned out Hollie Cavanagh , Phillip Phillips , and Colton Dixon were safe this week . Jimmy Iovine had predicted Hollie , Phillip , and Elise for the bottom three . After Joshua and Jessica landed there instead , Jimmy growled , "  I 'm gon na get a new flat-screen . " So you can ... see everyone better ? Great plan . Best wishes to Sebastian the crab on his continued wealth . James Durbin -- that mythical creature with the tail from season 10 -- returned with blonde ambition to scream "  Higher Than Heaven , " off his debut album Memories of a Broken Disaster . I thought I was high myself when they kept randomly zooming in on his drummer 's feet . This time the cloth dangling from the Durbinator 's butt was white , possibly as a metaphor for the diapers he can now afford to purchase for his baby . Good looking out ! I kept worrying that Jennifer Hudson 's "  before weight " hologram from the Weight Watchers commercials would creep into the frame and try to duet with her on "  Think Like a Man , " but luckily Ne-Yo did instead . Does anyone not love Ne-Yo ? I kept obsessing over this during their performance filled with push-and-pull flirting and plenty of sass appeal . I think he is universally adored . I even ended up marveling that the "  design " on his white t-shirt was just a big black rectangle . That 's genius , I thought , genuinely . Ne-Yo 's got ta have it , Ryan ! Hopefully no one was home or visiting or peering at you through a hidden camera as you watched the Top 7 's "  Raise Your Glass " abomination . I actually apologized to my recapping buddy Tanner out of secondhand embarrassment . Two visual moments did save these dirty little freaks from complete failure , though : Phillip gently caressing Colton 's hair-animal in his lap  ?!  and a final pose featuring an off-balance Ryan Seacrest clutching a Coke cup  !!  . Cheers , queers . Can you believe Jessica received the lowest amount of votes ? Was this J. Lo 's best acting performance since "  Out of Sight " ? Was Colton Dixon totally channeling Emily Thorne as he cautiously opened that wooden box from a prospective prom date ? Separate your thoughts into two groups and pick a side in the comments ! See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The judges saved Jessica Sanchez Hollie Cavanagh , Phillip Phillips , and Colton Dixon were safe Jennifer Hudson performed "  Think Like a Man " with Ne-Yo
CNN  -- Michelle Wie clung on to a share of the lead at the U.S. Women 's Open Saturday as the former teenage prodigy bids for her first major title after a series of near misses . Wie shot a two-over 72 on the testing Pinehurst No. 2 course , which was used for the men 's U.S. Open won by Martin Kaymer last week . It left her on two-under 208 to be joined by South Korea 's Amy Yang , who posted a third round two-under 68 with six birdies . "  I was hitting the ball really solid today , and I had good speed on the greens , " Yang said . "  I had a great round today . " Wie , now 24 , has twice led her national open going into the final round , in 2005 and 2006 , but finished tied for 23rd and tied third respectively . In fine form in 2014 , Wie finished second in the opening major of the season , the Kraft Nabisco Championship , and won the LPGA Lotte Championship in April . She led after two opening rounds of 68 , but admitted she had to "  grind it out " during her third round . Asked about her prospects of victory Sunday , Wie remained non-committal . "  I 'm just grateful to have another opportunity , " she told Sky Sports . "  I 'm going to play as well as I can and hope for the best . " Wie might have held a one-shot lead but missed a 10-foot birdie putt on the final green , the sort of chances which were being holed on the first two days . In a tournament which was dominated at the start by the astonishing feat of 11-year-old Lucy Li in qualifying for the championship , 53-year-old Juli Inkster struck a blow for the diminishing band of veteran players on the LPGA Tour . American Inkster carded a best of the day 66 to join the group tied for third on two-over , which also included Australian amateur Minjee Lee , South Korean Choi Na-Yeon and Northern Ireland 's Stephanie Meadow . Inkster , playing her 35th U.S. Open , has won seven majors and is set to retire at the end of the season .	Michelle Wie tied for lead at U.S. Women 's Open Cards two-over 72 in third round at Pinehurst Amy Yang draws level at two-under after a 68 Veteran Juli Inkster charges into contention with a 66
CNN  -- They lined up for a group portrait . Hank Aaron . Sandy Koufax . Reggie Jackson . George Brett . Al Kaline . Ernie Banks . A few chairs up front . Everybody else up on his feet . Frank Robinson . Bob Gibson . Brooks Robinson . Nolan Ryan . Tom Seaver . Johnny Bench . "  Rookies in the back , " says Jeff Idelson , president of the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum , who was there on a recent Sunday to help set up the shot , explaining its general protocol for me . "  Old guard helps to organize the troops . Seats reserved for those who need them . " Orlando Cepeda . Juan Marichal . Cal Ripken . Ozzie Smith . Steve Carlton . Carlton Fisk . Plus those "  rookies , " the ones inducted by the Hall of Fame July 27 in picture-perfect Cooperstown , New York -- the ex-ballplayers Tom Glavine , Greg Maddux and Frank Thomas , along with the ex-managers Bobby Cox , Tony La Russa and Joe Torre , all about to pose for this particular "  team photo " for the first time . That selfie Ellen DeGeneres took at the Academy Awards had nothing on this . This was a game of thrones for the baseball gods . This was a Topps bubblegum-card collection come to life . Rickey Henderson . Andre Dawson . Don Sutton . Robin Yount . Billy Williams . Rollie Fingers . Dave Winfield . Lou Brock . And more . Living legends of the game , mortals who made it to the shrine of the immortals , all but a precious few  like Yogi Berra  having felt well enough to attend this yearly ceremony in person -- holy cow , practically everybody who was anybody was there . Except for one . Yep , yet again , no Pete Rose . Rose , the man with 4,256 hits  first on the all-time list  . The man with 15,890 plate appearances  also first  and 14,053 official at-bats  also first  . The man who got on base 5,929 times  also first  . The man who played in the World Series six times and made 17 All-Star teams . The man who is n't in the picture . Is n't in the Hall of Fame . Is n't welcome in this exclusive club . Oh , he was there in the town of Cooperstown , all right . Very visibly , in fact . Maybe you saw him if you were among the tens of thousands who made a pilgrimage to the village overlooking Lake Otesaga to see the stars come out . Maybe you saw 73-year-old Pete Rose autographing bats and balls for a fee as he sat in front of a rack of red T-shirts emblazoned with : "  Vote Pete Into the Hall of Fame . " Except you ca n't vote for Pete . No one can . I understand this all too well because I ca n't vote for Pete , either , and I 'm a genuine voter . I actually have a small say in this . I get a Hall of Fame ballot in the mail . I can vote for as many as 10 names on each year 's list or as few as none -- my call . I do not vote for Pete Rose , alas , because I can not . His name is not on the ballot . And write-in votes are neither permitted nor counted , a waste of ink . I can vote  or not  for Barry Bonds , Roger Clemens , Rafael Palmeiro , Sammy Sosa , certain guys who once seemed to be sure things , but , like front-runners in political campaigns , fell out of favor by the time voters got their ballots . I can vote  or not  for Alan Trammell , Lee Smith , Jeff Bagwell , Craig Biggio and others who have been on the ballot for multiple years without success , guys who still have time to be reassessed and accepted into the game 's highest society . Pete Rose , though , is a no-go . He is persona non grata , an ineligible receiver of votes , banned for life . He is not a sympathetic figure . He erred in a way few in baseball have erred . He made bets on games while still in uniform , which was  and still is  strictly prohibited . Rose did not bet against his own team , as some of the similarly disgraced 1919 Chicago White Sox did , but his gambling habits broke a code of conduct , violated a set-in-stone rule and earned him a "  lifetime " ban that Rose was tagged with after a Major League Baseball internal investigation in 1989 . Complicating matters , Rose spent close to 15 years denying all allegations until fessing up in a book he wrote in 2004 . Furthermore , he was slapped with a five-month prison sentence and a thousand hours of community service for two felony counts of evading income tax . In 1991 , the board of baseball 's Hall of Fame placed the name of Pete Rose on the "  permanently ineligible " list . His is the only name on it . By this point , you have made up your own mind , as so many of us have . You are from one of two camps . One is the "  has n't Pete suffered enough ? " one . The other is the "  Pete got exactly what he deserved " one . I occupy the former . In my opinion -- with utmost respect for all who feel otherwise -- a life sentence is unduly harsh . We live on an Earth in which past sins can be forgiven , in which those who commit crimes do their time , pay their debts , then pray for a drop of milk of human kindness . A case could be made that Pete Rose need n't be crucified for what he did , that it would n't kill the game of baseball to finally let him off the hook . They say gambling is a sickness , an addiction , like liquor or drugs . They tell us gamblers need help . In the same breath , they tell us funny stories about the Hall of Fame baseball greats who bar-hopped all night , came to the park drunk , played with a hangover , hahaha , what a guy . Oh , that Babe . Oh , that Mickey . It is , of course , a Hall of Fame also occupied by an accused gambler or two , by a wife-beater or two , a philanderer or two , a racist or two , a cheater or two , a rule-breaker or two . Just as today 's voters continue to debate who did and did n't demonstrate exemplary character , we could argue whether Pete Rose must be forever bound by "  rules are rules , " or if rules , as some have been known to say , are made to be changed . I pictured baseball 's giants posing for that picture . Gaylord Perry . Roberto Alomar . Goose Gossage . Eddie Murray . Wade Boggs . Jim Rice . A hero here , a hero there . A man missing here , a man missing there , Hall of Fame hallowed figures Ralph Kiner and Tony Gwynn having lost their lives this year . Everybody who showed up to smile for the camera deserved to do exactly that . Each one had stature . Each had acceptance . Each belonged to the club . Pete Rose belongs . Make it so .	Pete Rose broke all kinds of records , made 17 All-Star teams Mike Downey says his lifetime ban for gambling was punishment enough He says Rose deserves to be in the Hall of Fame considering his achievements
CNN  -- The U.S. Open women 's singles final between Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka has been postponed until Sunday because of forecast bad weather at Flushing Meadows late on Saturday . "  The weather forecast for this evening is calling for storms with heavy rain and high winds , " said a statement on the official U.S. Open website . "  Due to the severe weather forecast , session 25 featuring the Women 's Singles Final will be postponed until Sunday , September 9 , 2012 . " Officials later confirmed that the match will get underway at 4.30 p.m. ET . Organizers were already running behind schedule on Saturday before the announcement was made . The first men 's semifinal between Tomas Berdych and Andy Murray got underway 90 minutes late due to storms and a tornado warning . "  We are continuing the day session as scheduled and will closely monitor the weather for the remainder of today 's day session , " the U.S. Open website statement added .	Heavy rain and storms forecast for Saturday force tournament organizers to delay final Match rescheduled for a 4.30 p.m. ET start on Sunday Storms and tornado warning also delays start of men 's semifinals at Flushing Meadows
CNN  -- It 's about that time of year , when dyed green rivers and Guinness beers flow , the shamrock sunglasses and leprechaun T-shirts come out , and corned beef and cabbage enters the mainstream menu . Harvey Losh felt and showed his Irish spirit as he marched in a Seattle St. Patrick 's Day parade . With St. Patrick 's Day one week away , the Irish across America -- and those who just want to be Irish for a day -- are preparing to celebrate , if they have n't started already . When it comes to St. Paddy 's , many people think of the annual parades . The American invention originated in New York , which still has the largest , but the green season is about so much more . For hundreds of years in Ireland , people have observed the feast of St. Patrick , a fifth-century missionary credited with saving pagans on the Emerald Isle . On the feast day of March 17 , which falls during the Lent season , the Irish can cut loose : sing , dance and enjoy meat , even on a Friday , when it would otherwise be prohibited . Irish Americans , who account for more than 12 percent of the U.S. population according to the U.S. Census Bureau , mark St. Paddy 's Day and celebrate their heritage in numerous ways that may go unnoticed to the casual observer or outsider . Here are glimpses into how some of them do it . Political wit a hit in Boston , Massachusetts The link to Ireland could n't be stronger than it is in Massachusetts , where a quarter of the population claims Irish heritage . And while the state capital is awash in green cheer at this time of year , a tradition of exchanging political barbs has kicked off each morning of the St. Patrick 's Day parade , dating back about 60 years . The March 15 breakfast , including song and dance amid the playful ribbing , was an outgrowth of the community 's involvement in politics , which runs as deep as Irish humor . "  It allows people to see their elected officials -LSB- local , state and national -RSB- in a role they do n't normally see them in , " explained state Sen. Jack Hart  or , as he says it , "  Haht "  of south Boston , who 's hosting the political roast for the eighth year . The televised event draws about 4 million viewers and "  beats the Sunday morning talk shows . " Neither Sen. Ted Kennedy nor Sen. John Kerry is expected this year , but getting a call from the nation 's highest office is n't unheard of . Vice President Joe Biden has attended , and Hart said they 're working on getting the attention of President Obama . Or is that O'Bama ? Honoring their ancestors in Savannah , Georgia They may not match the Irish population numbers of Boston , New York or Chicago , but several Southern cities , including Savannah , Georgia , have deep green roots . The city 's annual parade , which dates back 185 years , draws about 400,000 and is reportedly the second largest in the country , according to the parade committee Web site . Behind the public fanfare , however , there 's a lower-key event that John Forbes , the parade committee chairman , touts as more important to the southern city 's Irish Catholics : the Celtic Cross Mass and ceremony . The Sunday event , on March 15 this year , starts at 11:45 a.m. in the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist , where members of all the Irish societies come together to pray before walking in procession to the Celtic Cross  made of stone from Ireland  in Emmet Park . "  That 's just a big day for us , " Forbes said . Away from all the commercialism , "  to us , it 's in honor of our ancestors . " Kicking up their feet in Chicago , Illinois The night before Chicagoans see their river turn an emerald green , an annual dyeing practice that dates back 40 years , the Irish community and other observers will gather for one of its newer traditions : Irish Dance Chicago . Drawing 400 to 500 participants ages 4 to 17 , the 3-year-old event showcases the Irish step dancing skills learned in six area schools that are dedicated to passing along this piece of culture . It begins at 7 p.m. March 13 . Step dancing , a tradition popularized by 1994 's "  Riverdance " show , involves rapid foot work while keeping the upper body stiff . It 's also a platform for traditional Irish music and costumes . For parents who usually spend time carting their children around , the event offers them a chance to "  finally get to see their kids perform ... showcasing the styles they have , " said Kathy O'Neill , a spokeswoman for the Irish American Heritage Center , which hosts the weekend 's kickoff event . "  It 's important to carry on heritage , " she said . A taste of tradition in Seattle , Washington During Irish Week in Seattle , which features everything from a genealogy conference and run to street painting and the passing of a shillelagh  an Irish walking stick  , one particular event rose to our attention . The decades-old Irish soda bread baking contest , which happened Saturday , attracts more than 100 competitors each year . The bread dates back to about 1840 , traditionally features a cross on top "  to ward off evil " and uses bicarbonate of soda -- instead of yeast -- for rising , said Mike McQuaid , a spokesman for Seattle 's Irish Heritage Club . "  It was simple to make , the ingredients were easy to find , and it was very filling , " said Mary Shriane , who oversees the contest and grew up on her mom 's soda bread . It was a staple in Irish homes "  up until 40 years ago , " she continued . "  And it 's a tradition we like to keep alive . " Green grows in the desert of Phoenix , Arizona When Mary Moriarty and her husband , a retired New York police officer , moved to the "  valley of the sun , " she was n't sure what to expect . Looking around during their first St. Paddy 's Day parade in the Southwest , she said , "  I remembered thinking , ` This is it ? ' " But 14 years later , the chairwoman of the St. Patrick 's Day Faire and operations manager for the Irish Cultural Center knows that the desert connection to the lush green Emerald Isle is as real as anywhere else . This year 's parade starts at 10 a.m. Saturday and is followed by festivities in the park adjacent to the cultural center . "  We will naturally have liquid libations , " Moriarty said . "  You ca n't have an Irish party without liquid libations . " But it 's not all about drunken revelry . Their center 's groundbreaking in 1999 began by dedicating a memorial to the "  Great Hunger , " or the mid-19th century potato famine that led to death , disease and mass emigration , Moriarty said . And the center , today , is a place where the estimated 400,000 Phoenix-area residents with Irish heritage can learn about their culture , including traditional foods , music and dance . "  The United States is made up of immigrants from all over the world ... and it 's very important for all the different groups to celebrate what they brought with them , " she said . "  Yes , you are American , but you still have to realize where your ancestors came from . "	Irish Americans , who make up 12 percent of U.S. population , prepare to celebrate A political-roast host hopes for a call from President Obama Emerald Isle ancestors are remembered coast to coast , even in the desert Traditional step dancing hits Chicago before the river turns green
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dry skies greeted Georgia for a second day Wednesday , giving residents a chance to mourn , recover and repair after devastating floods killed nine people earlier this week . Douglas County , Georgia , emergency managers provide water Wednesday to residents without treated water . Water was beginning to recede in many areas , and some roads , including Interstate 285 and Interstate 20 , were reopening . Several others remained closed , state authorities said . As of Tuesday afternoon , hundreds of people were still in shelters , with more than 250 people in the Cobb County Civic Center , according to the Red Cross . There are cases where people have lost everything , spokeswoman Lisa Matheson said Tuesday . Before they were evacuated , Cordell Albert and her husband , Christopher , moved their valuables to the second floor of their Powder Springs home , CNN affiliate WGCL reported . "  I feel lost , " she said , according to the affiliate . "  I feel homeless . " Watch more about the flooding aftermath and cleanup " Gov. Sonny Perdue has declared a state of emergency in 17 flood-stricken counties , and State Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine estimated that the flooding has caused an estimated $ 250 million in losses . Watch where the flooding hit hardest " "  Many of the homeowners afflicted by this event do n't have flood insurance , " he said in a written statement . Georgia 's flood-related death toll has reached nine , authorities said , with six deaths alone in Douglas County , west of Atlanta . To the north , one person was missing and presumed dead in Chattanooga , Tennessee . See photos of the flooding " Perdue spoke to President Obama on Tuesday night about the flooding , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro said . The president "  expressed his condolences for the loss of life and his concern for the citizens of Georgia amidst the ongoing flooding , " Shapiro said . Perdue updated Obama on the situation , and the two discussed the response to the crisis , Shapiro added . The president also assured the governor that his request for federal aid would receive prompt attention , the spokesman added . Parts of northwest and south-central Georgia , as well as the metro Atlanta area , were still under flood warnings Wednesday . Also on Wednesday , students from three of metro Atlanta 's four largest school districts were returning to classes after flooding caused school closings the day before . Watch what caused such torrential rain " But CNN meteorologists said rain was not likely for much of the state Wednesday , although isolated thunderstorms in north Georgia were possible . Georgia may also see rain this weekend , CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said . "  Of course , we 're not expecting another foot of rain , " she said , "  but we could pick up an inch or two . " iReport.com : Horses pulled to safety from flooded creek On Tuesday , Perdue pleaded with residents to stay off flooded roads , noting that nearly all the fatalities in the state were drivers and passengers swept away by floodwaters . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez , Shawn Nottingham and Samuel Gardner contributed to this report .	NEW : Georgia insurance commissioner estimates $ 250 million in losses President , Georgia governor discuss aid ; Obama expresses condolences Death toll from floods : at least nine in Georgia ; one person missing in Tennessee As of Tuesday afternoon , hundreds of people were still in shelters in Georgia
CNN  -- He was born Roger Kynard Erickson in 1947 in Dallas , but his fans know him as Roky  pronounced Rocky  . For a career that spans nearly half a century , Erickson has spent little time actually performing , but he still has a loyal following and is on tour again . Music , he says , has been a lifelong part of him . He learned to play piano as a child , taught himself acoustic guitar at 12 and then learned the electric guitar . "  It was just something that I would also look forward to , " he says . " If I could , I would get out of school , then I would go home and play the guitar . " In an interview posted on YouTube , part of a documentary , Erickson says he listened to the radio a lot , which inspired him to be a rock 'n' roll star . He rose to the occasion as a teenager , when he dropped out of 11th grade and soon wrote his most famous composition "  You 're Gon na Miss Me , " which he first recorded with a band called the Spades . Baseball champ and domestic abuse survivor He says his influences include Little Richard , Bob Dylan , James Brown and the Beatles , but he is credited with influencing other groups as well , many of which describe him as a psychedelic rock icon . "  In 1990 , a tribute album had R.E.M , the Butthole Surfers and the Jesus and Mary Chain performing Erickson 's songs , " the Chicago Tribune wrote in 2006 . "  In the film  a documentary  ZZ Top 's Billy Gibbons sounds like he 's still in awe of Erickson and the Elevators , with whom he shared stages several times in the '60s , " the article says , referring to Erickson 's band , the 13th Floor Elevators . With the Elevators , Erickson recorded "  You 're Gon na Miss Me " again , which landed him on the pop charts in 1966 . He went on to become an influential singer and songwriter during the psychedelic rock era of the 1960s . He also had an affinity for marijuana and LSD . In 1969 , he was arrested for possession of a joint . He pleaded insanity , hoping that being in a mental institution would be better than going to prison , although it only cut his confinement from four years to three . While he was institutionalized , he was diagnosed with schizophrenia and underwent various treatments including shock therapy . After his release , his career was never the same . What followed was many difficult years of battling mental illness , often untreated . The problems that kept Erickson from success in music also took a toll on his family life , leading to a separation from his wife and son . His life began to turn around when his brother took over guardianship for him in 2001 . "  From June 2001 until July 2002 , Roky lived with his brother in Pittsburgh , where he finally began to receive the treatment and care he needs , " according to his website . From cancer survivor to cancer doctor In 2005 , Erickson emerged at SXSW in Austin , Texas , and began performing again . In recent years , he has found his way back to touring with the help of his son , Jegar . Jegar Erickson says he may never know his dad as a father , "  but if I have a chance to help a man get to a better place , I 'm in . " "  I 've been working with him for about five years now , " Jegar Erickson said of his father last fall . "  He 's amazing . ... It does n't even matter what kind of day he 's had . I mean he could have had like everything go wrong and then he walks on that stage and it 's like a switch . "  It just turns on and it 's magic and you feed off of it and anyone who gets a chance to be around him , it 's truly incredible , " the younger Erickson said . "  There  are  no words to describe what it 's like to have the chance to play on a stage with him or to understand what it 's like to approach music the way that he approaches it . " He says playing alongside his father "  teaches me so much , " and that no matter how bad things get for the elder Erickson , "  he 's still positive . " At 65 , Roky Erickson has simple advice : "  Just to find the things that you love and are important and ... make sure you have them with you . " KISS ' Paul Stanley : I 'm deaf in one ear	Roky Erickson 's career spans nearly half a century He has battled mental illness for years after being diagnosed with schizophrenia He currently is back on tour and plays alongside his son
CNN  -- CNN asked readers to share their experiences with sexual harassment on the street in the comments section of a recent article titled ` Hey baby ! Women speak out against street harassment . ' There was passionate debate about the causes and effects of catcalls , vulgar rants and even physical assault aimed at women . A few themes stood out : Who 's to blame ? Are women complicit in street harassment ? Is it even worth talking about ? Commenter Frank Montgomery saw the issue of street harassment as cultural : "  Instead of blaming men , I would suggest that our larger culture might be more responsible for this . Many people rely on instilling fear for advantage . Popular gangster culture is widely accepted by American youth , and fear is a powerful intoxicant for predators . Ladies , consider yourself fortunate that many such comments are camouflaged in sexual context . These same men are often abusive to everyone , their family members and even other men . Violence , manipulation , deceit and controlling behaviors are often their modus operandi . Also , remember women are not exempt from these trait , they are just manifest different . " Lovehope agreed : "  Much of rap music encourages this behavior . The songs are incredibly degrading to women . They are full of profanity and explicit sexual lyrics . There needs to be a public outcry against singers who promote this type of behavior and attitude . I urge people to read the lyrics of the music they listen to and not buy or support music with irresponsible messages . Those of you with daughters , remember that every woman used to be somebody 's little girl . How would you feel if your little girl was treated this way . " Yet some commenters said women condone street harassment with their response to it . BourneBlogger : "  I never catcall a girl , honk a horn , or whistle at a woman . ... The rejection is too overwhelming to take that risk . ... But what 's ironic about all of this is that the type of men who do catcall are the EXACT type of men that women flock to when they 're at the club . ... I ca n't tell you how many times I 've seen a woman hypnotized by the biggest d0uch3bag on the dance floor . ... " Guest98989 : "  It 's also interesting to see that some guy can literally be a stalker but it 's cool if the girl is into him but then you can have some poor , somewhat less attractive guy simply say hello to a girl , get viciously rejected and then hear the girls talking trash about the creepy freak stalker who dared to say hello to one of them  despite the fact that the poor dude never bothered them before or again  . Give me a break . ... You are NOT helping your cause for the very , very few guys who are actually dangerous  which is very few , even 99.9 % of jerks are not  . ... " Truthofdare7 wrote in response to Guest98999 : "  He nailed it 100 % . Do n't lie to us . Girls talk a good game and then they go out with the worst of the catcallers and call it ` manly ' , brutish ' , ` alpha male ' ` he is not that bad really ' . I do n't mind it if that is how things are and adjust accordingly but lets not lie about it . ... " Then there were the men who were shocked that so many other men condoned catcalling in the comment thread . SurfingSumo : "  As a Man , I never realized there were so many other men that actually think it is ok to catcall and harass women . Did n't the rest of you men have mothers that taught you this was wrong ? What is wrong with you guys . I thought this was only a small segment of men out there but it looks like from the comments it is at least half . This is wrong and you men that do this are COWARDS . Get it ? COWARDS ! Wake up and start treating women the way you would want men to treat your daughter if she was walking on the street or in a subway . " Globaldecay seemed to agree : "  This is n't a women 's problem . This is a men 's problem . We as men must be willing to stand up and speak up for our daughters , sisters and mothers . " As did Bill93848 : "  If a woman dresses in provocative clothes and literally wears a sign reading ` Please harass me , ' it is still the man 's responsibility to exercise self-restraint . A man is just that -- a man , not an impulsive child . " There were also some readers who thought the issue was being exaggerated : Gregkells : "  Many of us are n't condoning the behavior , we just find the response to it overblown . I do n't condone bullying either , but I 'm sick to death of the media latching on to it and creating an atmosphere of hypersensitivity . Kids will ALWAYS pick on each other , it is n't a national crisis . There will always be men who say crude things , it is n't terrorism or rape . Some of us are just getting sick of extreme cases being presented as if they are indicative of the norm . Kids are n't lining up like lemmings to commit suicide because some other kid gave them a wedgie , and people are n't getting raped and groped en masse on public transit because we let construction workers get away with whistling at pretty women . This type of sensationalism will produce a backlash , hence the crude jokes people are making here . Most of us are n't defending the behavior , we 're ridiculing the response . " Badger85 did n't agree : "  Greg , I agree the media over sensationalizes things , but cases like this -- unwanted touching on the bus , graphic threats to rape , following someone home etc ? It 's happened to every girl . I 'm glad we ARE discussing it , because it seems like guys have no idea that this is so frequent and do n't realize * why * we 're responding to them with distrust and fear . " Mrsczs had some advice for women : "  You mean men are still carrying on like that ? I thought they 'd stopped years ago . When did I grow old enough to fly beneath the radar ? Take it from me , ladies , ` This , too , shall pass . ' Enjoy every minute of being young and beautiful and do n't waste your precious moments getting hung up on the small stuff . Wolf whistles are small stuff . Life is short . " Guylpanema also said women should just suck it up : "  This behavior is genetic , and all of you people who are arguing against it simply lack a grasp of human nature . Men will forever be trying to get some , and women will forever be the object of that desire . It is inherent in our nature . While I agree that sometimes it goes too far , trying to regulate human chemistry is a short trip down the road to fascism . I 'm sorry if it bothers you when men recognize that you look great in ways that you do n't approve of . Get over it . Stop trying to control things you have no right to control . Woman up . If you want to be equals , then start growing a pair instead of whining about what you do n't like . " Others did n't take so kindly to that response . Stubby : "  We have control over our own bodies . You have control over YOUR actions . Making lame excuses and saying that men are just animals who ca n't control themselves is pathetic and insulting to men . You can recognize a pretty girl without grabbing or harassing them , millions of men are capable of this . " Commenter Cathi Cari Shudde summed up her history with street harassment : "  I 've had multiple experiences during the years of this and similar experiences . Whether walking down the street , riding public transit , walking in a park with my dog , being in a public space  i.e. store , library , etc  - and here 's my take on it at 56 years old . Why do people think its ok to say something to another person that you would n't want said to your mother , your sister , your daughter or your friend ? Why must we accommodate your inability to keep your thoughts from flowing freely and without consideration , from your mouths ? ... Sadly its all too common that other women and men will not intervene or step up to assist others . They do n't want to get involved . I 'm frankly tired of accommodating other 's poor behavior and inability to control themselves in public . "	CNN commenters had strong opinions on why catcallers target women Some readers said men should address this problem among themselves Others said women play into harassment by responding favorably to "  bad boys " Many agreed that greater respect for others in all spheres of public life is necessary
CNN  -- A few weeks ago , an Arabic campaign exploded on Twitter . The Arabic hashtag -- #الراتب_مايكفي_الحاجة  loosely translated as "  the salary does not meet my needs "  -- reached 17 million tweets in the first two weeks . At its height , it registered 1.2 million tweets a day , and was not only the most popular hashtag in Arabic , but the 16th most popular in any language . Somewhat unexpectedly , the campaign , which hints at a financially aggrieved populace , comes out of one of the world 's wealthiest nations : Saudi Arabia . "  There 's a feeling among some people that I guess you could characterize as anger . Others are disappointed , some think it 's a question of  the Saudi government 's  priorities , " says Fahad Nazer , a Saudi political analyst with JTG Inc. . The anger he refers to is fueled by growing unemployment and frustration at government spending . Nazer notes that the campaign gained particular traction following the Saudi government 's announcement that it would give financial aid to Egypt 's military regime . "  The government is giving handouts to Egypt , Jordan and Tunisia , and using a third of the country 's budget for this year to pay for the Riyadh metro . Meanwhile , Saudi 's are paying most of their salary on rent , private schools , private hospitals -- because public ones are n't good -- while salaries have practically stayed the same , " laments Manal Al Sharif , a Saudi activist who gained notoriety for posting video of herself driving on YouTube . She is also one of the country 's most vocal tweeters . "  There 's a long list of things that are wrong , " she adds . Unemployment is higher than one might suspect in the oil-rich nation . Though official figures are hard to come by , there are approximately 1.8 million Saudis enrolled with Hafiz -- the country 's unemployment benefits program -- according to Adam Coogle , a Middle East researcher with Human Rights Watch . The campaign has also drawn attention to a topic that was once considered taboo : Saudi poverty . Accompanying many of the tweets are images and video supposedly depicting Saudis living in squalor ; some show Saudi 's beggar class while others reveal the existence of Saudi shanties . Lynsey Addario , a photographer who documented Saudi poverty in Riyadh for Time Magazine , recalls how the assignment challenged her expectations . "  What you see on the surface are the shiny buildings and the shopping malls and the new universities being built -- the wealthy side . I was actually quite shocked when we went to the slums , " she says . She recounted families struggling to pay the bills , and living in single-story , cockroach infested houses in the heart of Saudi Arabia 's capital . "  Poverty in Saudi challenges many people 's assumptions , including some Saudis ' , " admits Nazer . Poverty and unemployment are particularly rife among Saudi youths  Coogle estimates they make up anywhere between 18 and 35 % of the unemployment rate  , and even more so among women . According to English-language newspaper the Saudi Gazette , an annual report put out earlier this year by the Ministry of Labor showed Saudi men in the private sector earn an average of $ 1,516 , with women staffers pulling in half that sum . Al Sharif notes that working women are at a further disadvantage due to the many practices that are banned to them . "  A woman in Saudi is dependent on men to do just about everything in her life . If a man does n't exist , she will have to pay for those services she ca n't do herself , like driving a car , starting her own business or going to court , " she notes . Read more : Saudi Arabia 's first anti-abuse campaign Despite its popularity , the campaign has attracted critics who argue Saudis are already too reliant on their government . Nazer himself notes that the campaign risks oversimplifying what is actually a very complex issue . Several factors , he argues , have fed unemployment , including a population explosion -- since the '70s , Saudi has grown from 6 million people to nearly 20 million , with an additional 10 million expats competing with nationals for jobs . Adding to the problem is the fact that in the past , many Saudis chose to study religion and languages -- areas for which there is little demand . "  It 's a complex situation , as is true of any economy . People who try to trivialize or simplify it miss a lot of variables , " says Nazer . Regardless of where one stands on the issue , what 's been particularly surprising is the willingness of Saudis -- who traditionally value cultural privacy -- to air their grievances in an international forum . "  It 's true , we are a very private nation , and we do n't want the rest of the world to know anything about us , " admits Al Sharif . However , she says , it 's a price many Saudis are willing to pay . "  Saudis are realizing that you ca n't isolate yourself from the rest of the world , because the only way we can communicate and read each other 's views is through social media . It 's our kind of parliament , where we can go and debate , and do things we ca n't do in the real world . "	Saudi Arabian Twitter users have flocked to a campaign bemoaning wages in their country . The hashtag became the 16th most popular in any language . High unemployment and government spending has fueled resentment in Saudi Arabia . Many tweeters shared images and videos of impoverished Saudis .
The families of Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Tamir Rice , Eric Garner and other unarmed black men felled by bullets or police force filled a podium in the nation 's capital . "  This is a history-making moment , " said Garner 's mother , Gwen Carr . "  It 's just so overwhelming to see all who have come to stand with us . Look at the masses -- black , white , all races , all religions . ... We need to stand like this at all times . " Invoking the familiar names of black men who died at the hands of police , tens of thousands marched throughout the nation on Saturday to protest what they see as rampant racial injustice . The throngs -- young and old , black and white -- took to the streets in major cities , including New York , Washington , Boston , San Francisco and Oakland , California . In Washington , a crowd of thousands snaked up Pennsylvania Avenue to the Capitol in a protest that evoked memories of past civil rights marches . The crowds appear to represent a burgeoning movement sparked by the decisions of grand juries in Missouri and New York not to indict white police officers in the deaths of two unarmed black men . Garner died in July when New York police officers on Staten Island wrestled him to the ground , with one of the officers wrapping his arm around Garner 's neck . Four mothers share pain of losing sons ` Sea of people " "  What a sea of people , " said Lesley McSpadden , the mother of Michael Brown , who was fatally shot by a Ferguson , Missouri , officer in August . "  If they do n't see this and make a change , then I do n't know what we got to do . " Thousands marched in Boston , starting at the Massachusetts State Capitol . Police arrested 23 people on disorderly conduct charges , according to the Massachusetts State Police . One man was charged with assault and battery on a police officer . From New York 's Washington Square Park , thousands marched to police headquarters chanting "  I ca n't breathe " -- Garner 's last words -- and "  How do you spell racist : NYPD . " The march was largely peaceful , although a protester from a splinter group hurled a garbage can through the window of an NYPD traffic car . "  I stand here as a black man who is afraid of the police , who is afraid of never knowing when my life might end , never knowing when I might be ... gunned down by a vigilante or a security guard or a police officer , " said marcher Ahmad Greene-Hayes . Michaela Angela Davis , a writer and frequent CNN guest who participated in the march , said the demonstrations signal a lasting movement . "  The collective self-esteem that 's happening with these young people is really powerful , " she said . "  They know they are part of history . " Map : Protests around the country Isolated ugly incidents From coast to coast , the protests were peaceful , but there were at least two instances of violence reported by police in New York and Oakland , California . In New York City , two police officers were allegedly assaulted by a group of protesters on the Brooklyn Bridge as they attempted to arrest a man trying to throw something at police . The officers were treated for their injuries at a local hospital , police said . The group "  attempted to steal their portable radios and tear away their police identification jackets , " said police spokesman John Miller . Afterward , police recovered a bag containing three hammers and a black mask . Authorities have arrested a 29-year-old man in the incident . Eric Linsker faces charges of robbery , assaulting a police officer , riot , obstruction of governmental administration , reckless endangerment and unlawful possession of marijuana , said NYPD spokesman Sgt. Lee Jones . In Oakland , California , police said there were several instances of vandalism . Arrests were made . Protesters demand In Washington , many carried signs with now familiar messages : "  Black lives matter , " "  Hold cops accountable " and "  I ca n't breathe . " It 's systematic racism that is instilled in our government , " said Shanna Lawrie , her hands in the air as she marched to the Capitol . "  We come in peace but we come strong , " said Ashley Sharpton , daughter of the Rev. Al Sharpton , an organizer of the Washington march . "  We come with demands . We want the government to get involved . " Protesters are demanding a more aggressive federal response to racially charged incidents involving police . Another marcher was Samaria Rice , whose 12-year-old son , Tamir , was carrying a toy gun when a Cleveland police officer fatally shot him in a park . The local medical examiner ruled his death a homicide . Marc Morial , head of the National Urban League , said protesters are demanding body and dashboard cameras for police , special prosecutors to investigate police misconduct and laws against racial profiling . New York City Councilman Jumaane Williams , who marched in Washington , said the protest needed to move beyond police brutality and focus on issues such as housing , unemployment and better schools . "  That 's where we need to steer the conversation , " he said . "  That 's where the anger is . " What the officers say Daniel Pantaleo , the New York police officer shown on video wrestling Garner to the pavement with his arm around his neck , spoke with internal affairs investigators last week . His attorney says Pantaleo did not use a chokehold but a "  takedown technique " he learned in the police academy . "  He said he never exerted any pressure on the windpipe and never intended to injure Mr. Garner , " attorney Stuart London said . Police had confronted Garner on the sidewalk for allegedly selling loose cigarettes . Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson resigned from the department last month . He testified to a St. Louis County grand jury that he shot Brown after the 18-year-old tried to take his gun and then charged at him . The results of autopsies , including one by a Justice Department medical examiner , showed that among Brown 's multiple gunshot wounds was one to his hand at close range . That supports Wilson 's account of a struggle at his patrol car but does n't explain why Wilson continued shooting at least five more times .	NYPD arrests a 29-year-old man for assaulting a police officer Two police officers were allegedly assaulted in New York City while trying to make arrest Eric Garner 's mother says marches are "  a history-making moment " The crowds demand a more aggressive federal response
Valley Springs , California  CNN  -- A 12-year-old California boy accused of stabbing his 8-year-old sister to death was charged Wednesday with second-degree murder . Appearing in a green jumpsuit in juvenile court , he said , "  Yes " when asked if he understood the charges . He did n't enter a plea . The boy did n't appear to be nervous , shocked or stunned . He smiled while talking with his lawyer and several times he looked back at his family . He will remain in custody while he awaits his next court appearance on May 29 . The boy 's younger sister , Leila Fowler , was stabbed multiple times in her family 's home in northern California on April 27 while she was there with her youngest brother . "  He 's holding up well under the circumstances , " one of the boy 's attorneys , Mark Reichel , said Tuesday . The boy , who was arrested Saturday , told police a man broke into the family 's home . Sources : Suspect in sister 's death had knife at school After the killing , police described the suspect as a 6-foot-tall white or Hispanic male with a muscular build . They interviewed registered sex offenders in the area , ran down leads and searched in attics , storage sheds and more in the rural , mountainous community about 60 miles southeast of Sacramento . On the day of the killing , Leila 's father and his fiancee were n't home . A woman called 911 and told a police dispatcher her children were scared because a strange man had broken into the house , according to an emergency call released Tuesday . When the dispatcher asks what the emergency is , the woman tells her : "  My children are home alone , and a man just ran out of my house . My older son was in the bathroom and my daughter started screaming . When he came out there was a man inside my house . I need an officer there . " Slain girl 's stepmom pleads for privacy after son 's arrest The woman says that the boyfriend of an older daughter was on the phone with the children in the house . The dispatcher asks if the children had seen the man and if they could describe him . "  They did see him , yes . My daughter is freaking out right now , " she says . After giving the dispatcher a home phone number , she adds , "  They said they are OK , but I need you to come . " Although the call indicates the girl was alive and well , when police arrived , they found she had been stabbed . Leila died minutes after arriving at the hospital , authorities said . She died of shock and hemorrhages from her wounds , the Calaveras County Coroner 's office said . Before Leila 's death , the boy 's middle school in Valley Springs suspended him for five days after he brought a knife to school , according to one of the boy 's classmates . That account was backed up by a school administration source . Authorities have n't revealed what kind of knife was used in Leila 's death . The death of Leila , known for her bubbly personality , shook the small northern California town of Valley Springs , where ribbons in her favorite color of purple were tied to stop signs . Hundreds flock to vigil for slain California girl	Leila Fowler was stabbed to death on April 27 She was home with her brother at the time He appeared in court Wednesday and was charged with second-degree murder He looked back several times at his family , did n't seem nervous
CNN  -- A bomb threat delayed flights and prompted evacuations Monday at Schiphol airport in The Netherlands , authorities said . One suspect was arrested inside the airport , in Amsterdam , said Martyn Peelen , a police spokesman . An anonymous caller reported a bomb at the facility , he said . Authorities do not know whether the threat is legitimate . Investigators were focused on the international terminal , Peelen , said . The airport website showed many flights scheduled to arrive or depart early Monday afternoon were delayed . Journalist Naik Bharati contributed to this report .	NEW : A suspect has been arrested , police say Parts of Amsterdam airport closed to investigate bomb threat Flight delays are likely , the airport press office says
CNN  -- I vaguely recall Pizza Hut 's Book It elementary school reading incentive program . Though , to be fair , I vaguely remember what I had for breakfast . I think it was a ginger ale . Book It was a long time ago for me , but I 'm pretty sure all I had to do was track my progress every month in school , hit a certain goal , and then I 'd win a free erotic massage . Either that or a one-topping personal pan pizza . My memory 's a little fuzzy . But it was probably the pizza . Inspired by President Reagan urging corporations to get involved in education  hooray , tax write offs !  , Pizza Hut officially started its Book It program in 1984 . Right about the time I was at Cherokee Elementary School with a fresh sponge of a brain , perfect for infusing with warm , lifelong memories of big corporations . Oh , if only some cigarette company had started the "  Smoke It " program . I could see a large poster near the chalkboard with , say , the Marlboro Man using a buck knife to scratch out simple subtractions on an old fencepost . Above him , against a golden setting sun , would be the slogan : "  Let math light up your brain with fun ! " Hell yeah ! And if your class had the best test scores in the country ? That 's right . You got a personal school visit from the old dying cowboy himself . "  Miss Parker , why is this man coughing up blood ? " Fortunately that program did n't happen . Cigarette companies never got to us . But 30 years later , Book It is still going strong . And recently , for just a short time , Pizza Hut celebrated this milestone anniversary with an online-only Book It alumni program for those of us who participated when we were young . I guess it was finally time to start tapping into those aging sponge brains with a little nostalgia . The nerve . How dare they double-dip their delicious , mozzarella-covered corporate hands into my childhood ? How dare they lure us into their restaurants with cozy memories from a bygone era ? How dare they ? Forget it . I 'm all in . Or at least I would 've been . I missed the deadline . Otherwise , had I signed up as a Book It alumni , I would 've received a free one-topping personal pan pizza . Just like the old days . How could I have missed this ? Without free pizza my life is meaningless . Sadly , not much has changed for me since I was in elementary school . I 'm a little taller now and doctors have long since assigned fancy acronyms to explain why I could n't sit still in my seat . But , otherwise , I remain an awkward , hairy man-child , easily persuaded to do things in the name of food . "  Jarrett , I need you to start a huge arson fire . " "  But that 's destructive and wrong . " "  I 'll give you a free one-topping personal pan pizza . " "  Everything must burn . " Now , if your school was n't a part of the Book It program from back in the day , you sort of have to realize that this was actually a pretty big deal . Because , again , the reward was n't just any pizza . It was YOUR pizza . And that 's important . You see , there 's no sharing a personal pan pizza . This is n't communism . We have rules in this country , and rule number one is NEVER TOUCH ANOTHER MAN 'S PERSONAL PAN PIZZA ! You hear me ? Oh , you think this is cute ? You think this is a joke ? You think I 'm breathing heavy and ripped my shirt off over nothing ? Listen , pal . You wan na know what happens to people who try to grab just a little taste of another man 's personal pan pizza ? You wan na know what happens ? THEY END UP IN SHALLOW GRAVES ! author shakes his head Whoa . That was weird . I 'm back . Anyway , the point is that it was YOUR pizza . And , even better , it was from PIZZA HUT ! When I was young , Pizza Hut was almost fancy . Almost . Back then it was more like a proper sit-down restaurant , and it had that iconic red roof that was totally unmistakable from any other pizza joint . It was actually cool to eat at Pizza Hut . Even cooler if you were n't wearing pants . As are most things . Like square dancing . These days , however , Pizza Huts tend to be just these little delivery outlets -- small depots for the drivers to come and pick up the pies before heading out to your house . And I have n't had it in decades . There 's just so much good pizza out there . In fact , in my neighborhood in Atlanta , we have a little punk rock pizza place called Jack 's . And I prefer theirs to all others because I wholeheartedly trust any restaurant where the tattoo-to-staff ratio is 60-to-1 . Good tattoos make good pizza . Scientific fact . But for old time 's sake -- as an alumni -- had I not missed the deadline , I happily would have cheated on my favorite local spot just once for that personal pan pizza . So , happy anniversary , Book It . Look what you almost made me do . The nerve . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . And prepare to be underwhelmed . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Pizza Hut starter their Book It reading incentive program in 1984 To celebrate 30 years of Book It , Pizza Hut allowed "  alumni " to sign up for a free pizza The author of this column missed the deadline and is n't pleased with himself
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida teenager attacked and set on fire last month , allegedly by five teenage friends , was undergoing skin graft surgery Friday , the first procedure in his recovery , a hospital spokeswoman said . Michael Brewer , who suffered burns over 65 percent of his body , will have his own skin transplanted onto the burned areas of his back and buttocks , said Lorraine Nelson , a spokeswoman at the University of Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center . Brewer will return to the intensive care unit after the surgery . He has been heavily sedated since the October 12 incident and on a ventilator until last week to keep him alive . He is listed in guarded condition . On Thursday , three teens accused of setting Brewer on fire pleaded not guilty to charges of attempted murder , a public defender for one of the boys said . Each of the three -- Denver Jarvis and Matthew Bent , both 15 , and Jesus Mendez , 16 -- is charged as an adult with one count of attempted murder in the second degree in the attack in Deerfield Beach , Florida . They were arraigned in Broward County Circuit Court before Judge Dale Cohen , and are being held without bond . Prosecutors say the three boys were in a gang that poured alcohol over Brewer , then set him ablaze in a dispute over $ 40 , a video game and a bicycle . Gordon Weekes , Bent 's attorney , denounced the fact that the teens were charged as adults . "  It 's been decided by society that a 15-year-old ca n't vote , ca n't join the armed forces and can not buy alcohol , because society has recognized that children do not have the ability to appreciate the long-term consequences of their actions , " he said . "  But they can treat them as adults in court , when we have very capable remedies for them in the juvenile justice system , which is geared towards rehabilitation , " Weekes added . The attorney said he and the other two public defenders plan to make separate motions to the court asking that their clients be allowed to post bond . Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Jarvis allegedly poured alcohol over him . They said Bent allegedly encouraged the attack . Authorities say that Mendez admitted setting Brewer on fire , and that he made a "  bad decision , " according to an arrest transcript . Two other boys who were allegedly involved -- a 13-year-old and a 15-year-old -- have been charged as juveniles . Witnesses say Brewer jumped into the swimming pool at his apartment complex to put out the flames . Detectives with the Broward County Sheriff 's Office have been unable to interview Brewer . "  We hope that we can maybe get a statement this week , " sheriff 's spokesman Jim Leljedal said . "  Detectives have been waiting for him to recover to the point where he 's strong enough to give us a complete statement . " Doctors say Brewer is improving but his condition is tenuous because of the severity of his burns and the possibility of infections . Most of his burns are on his back and buttocks ; his face and hands were largely spared , doctors say . Brewer 's doctor told CNN the teen faces several more months in the hospital , and will need multiple skin grafts and surgeries . "  They still have to perform several operations on him for skin grafting , but his parents are with him all the time , " Nelson said . "  I do n't tell him what happened , " Brewer 's mother , Valerie , told CNN affiliate WFOR-TV . "  I just tell him he 's in the hospital and he 's safe and he 's getting better . "  And he 'll say , ` Am I going to be OK ? ' And I say ` Yes , Michael . You 're going to be fine . You 're going to be just fine , ' " she said . Investigators believe Brewer owed Bent $ 40 for a video game . When Brewer did not pay , police say , Bent stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle . Brewer reported him to police and Bent was arrested , police say . The next day , the group surrounded Brewer . According to witnesses , the five boys called Brewer "  a snitch " and set him on fire . The Brewer family told WFOR that none of the families of the accused boys have tried to contact them , but that it does n't matter . "  We ca n't focus on it . They 'll get theirs is all we can say . I do n't focus on it , " Brewer 's father , also named Michael , told WFOR . If convicted , each of the three teen suspects could face up to 30 years in prison . A court-appointed psychologist who has examined two of the five boys allegedly involved in the attack told CNN they are competent to take part in legal proceedings and assist their attorney . "  I can describe both of them as being afraid , being fearful , " said Michael Brannon , a forensic psychologist , without identifying the boys . "  I can describe both of them as being tearful at various times during the interview , especially when talking about the specific incident which led to the injuries of the victim . " Psychologists are often brought into cases involving teenagers and young adults to judge their mental capabilities to determine their competency to proceed . They must determine whether the alleged attackers understand the charges against them , the court proceedings and potential sentences . Psychologists also must evaluate whether the defendants can talk about what happened and communicate effectively with defense attorneys . "  I do n't think they expected to have happened , what happened , " Brannon said . "  It 's a horrible event that occurred , but this was not their conceptualization , in my opinion , of what was going to happen . "	Hospital spokeswoman says Michael Brewer having own skin put onto burned areas Brewer , 15 , in guarded condition , will go back to intensive care after procedure More surgeries to come ; October 12 attack left burns over 65 percent of his body 3 of the 5 teens accused of setting Brewer on fire plead not guilty to attempted murder
CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama defended himself and his wife Sunday against suggestions that they are insufficiently patriotic . Sen. Barack Obama defended himself and his wife against recent suggestions that they are not patriotic . After a town hall meeting in Lorain , Ohio , a reporter asked Obama about "  an attempt by conservatives and Republicans to paint you as unpatriotic . " The reporter cited the fact that Obama once failed to put his hand over his heart while singing the national anthem . Obama replied that his choice not to put his hand on his heart is a behavior that "  would disqualify about three-quarters of the people who have ever gone to a football game or baseball game . " The reporter also noted that the Illinois senator does not wear an American flag lapel pin , has met with former members of the radical anti-Vietnam War group , Weather Underground , and his wife was quoted recently as saying she never felt really proud of the United States until recently . Asked how he would fight the image of being unpatriotic , Obama said , "  There 's always some nonsense going on in general elections . Right ? If it was n't this , it would be something else . If you recall , first it was my name . Right ? That was a problem . And then there was the Muslim e-mail thing and that has n't worked out so well , and now it 's the patriotism thing . "  The way I will respond to it is with the truth : that I owe everything I am to this country , " he said . The first-term senator from Illinois has been the subject of various debunked rumors since launching his presidential campaign -- allegations that he is a Muslim , that he took his oath of office on a copy of the Quran and that he attended a radical Islamic school while living in Indonesia as a boy . "  You will recall that the reason I came to national attention was a speech in which I spoke of my love of this country , " said Obama . He and his wife , Michelle , had already explained her comments . "  She simply misspoke , " he said . "  What she was referring to was -LSB- that -RSB- this was the first time she has been proud of politics in America . Watch what Michelle Obama said " "  That 's true of a lot of people who have been cynical and disenchanted . And she 's spoken about how she has been cynical about American politics for a very long time , but she 's proud of how people are participating and getting involved in ways that they have n't in a very long time . " About not wearing an American flag lapel pin , Obama said Republicans have no lock on patriotism . "  A party that presided over a war in which our troops did not get the body armor they needed , or were sending troops over who were untrained because of poor planning , or are not fulfilling the veterans ' benefits that these troops need when they come home , or are undermining our Constitution with warrantless wiretaps that are unnecessary ? "  That is a debate I am very happy to have . We 'll see what the American people think is the true definition of patriotism . " Obama did not respond to the question about the Weather Underground , a group whose members bombed the U.S. Capitol and the Pentagon during the 1970s . Last week , the New York Sun reported that as an Illinois state senator in 2001 , Obama accepted a $ 200 contribution from William Ayers , a founder of the group who was not convicted for the bombings and now works as a professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago . But the paper said that , in a statement , a spokesman for the Obama campaign , William Burton , said , "  Sen. Obama strongly condemns the violent actions of the Weathermen group , as he does all acts of violence ... But he was an 8-year-old child when Ayers and the Weathermen were active , and any attempt to connect Obama with events of almost 40 years ago is ridiculous . " Former first lady Sen. Hillary Clinton has said repeatedly that she is a stronger candidate because she has already shown she can withstand conservative attacks . E-mail to a friend	Obama responds to question about attempts to paint him as unpatriotic Obama cited for not wearing American flag lapel pin , among other things Obama : "  There 's always some nonsense going on in general elections " Clinton has said she has shown she can withstand conservative attacks
CNN  -- Job hopping has become routine for professionals even in this poor economy . In fact , the average American will have about nine jobs between the ages of 18 and 32 reports the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Employees are so focused on finding their dream job right now that they fail to realize that having multiple jobs in just a few years can actually hurt their careers . Many high-potential and ambitious employees do n't stay long enough at a position to give it a chance and to gain the necessary skills and maturity required to succeed in business . It 's imperative that professionals start to view companies as career incubators instead of time wasters . Spending twenty years at a single company is n't likely these days -- nor is having a secure nine-to-five job -- but leaving a company after six months can do more harm than good . How to customize your career I learned that building a career within a company can be an asset . I had three different positions at EMC Corporation within three years . I gathered new skills , expanded my network and got a better sense of the company based on my experiences . More importantly , I learned a lot about myself in the process . If I had jumped to three different companies during that time frame , I would have had to rebuild my network , visibility and go through months of additional training for each job . It can take up to six months just to adapt to a new work environment ! Employers want to see your progression at a company , whether it 's up or across an organization . There 's nothing wrong with making a lateral move into a different business function . If you believe in your company 's mission and enjoy being around your co-workers , you will naturally stay longer . "  I 've always believed in longevity in a company when you work for good people and have a job that you truly believe in , " says Maranda Gibson , an Account Manager with AccuConference . If you do n't fit in your corporate culture , you may have a negative attitude , which could be hazardous to your career . It 's imperative that you do your homework during the interview process before you 're hired so you do n't force yourself into a bad situation . Are CEOs : Burning bright or just burning out ? Professionals have numerous reasons for departing a company , including corporate downsizing , insufficient career opportunities , and a desire to either get an advanced degree or switch to another field completely . Companies can retain employees longer by supporting their value systems , giving them meaningful work , becoming a social company and understanding generational differences . They want to know that they have a long-term career path at a company . Elcio Barcelos , a Vice President of Global Staffing at HP confirms this by saying that "  companies need to be able to provide diverse career paths for individuals today . " Although companies may need to soften their stricter policies , such as blocking social networks at work , employees need to get their attitude in check ! They also need to be proactive when managing their careers by asking for challenging projects and expanding their portfolio of skills and contacts . "  My advice when talking to employees is to approach your job with a good attitude and do n't be afraid to take on new roles or projects , " said Carlos Dominguez , a vice president in Cisco 's Office of the Chairman & CEO . You can no longer sit back and wait for work to come to you -- you need to chase the work . Take advantage of the resources at your company so that you can have a more fulfilling experience and can leverage your skills and contacts for new roles within your company . Job hopping can look terrible on a resume because you appear disloyal . Employers will think that you did n't give your last job a chance and that you were n't able to acquire the necessary experience . If you move from job to job early in your career , it can leave a lasting impression . On the other hand , if you stick it out at a company for at least two years , management will be more willing to invest in you and you will increase your "  reputation capital , " as Barcelos says . You always need to evolve by learning new areas of the business and by showing your management that you have leadership potential . By staying longer at your job , it can differentiate you too . "  There is always something refreshing about interviewing somebody who has been with a company five , eight or more years , " Barcelos explains . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Schawbel .	Many employees do n't stay long enough at a job to gain valuable skills , says Dan Schawbel Professionals should view companies as career incubators instead of time wasters Believing in your company 's mission and corporate culture can add longevity to a job Sticking at a company for at least two years means it will be more willing to invest in you
CNN  -- It 's becoming a familiar routine . The Dutch turn up in Sochi 's speed skating arena and duly finish first , second and third . Once might be notable , twice impressive but when it happens for the fourth time , onlookers are simply left shaking their heads and wondering how it 's possible . As they did again on Tuesday when Jorrit Bergsma took gold in the men 's 10,000 m in a new Olympic record of 12 minutes 44.45 seconds , ahead of Sven Kramer and Bob de Jong . The Dutch have now taken 19 of the 27 medals on offer in speed skating , with their 20th medal also coming in the Adler Arena -- in the short track . No other country has won more medals at these Games . "  What is the secret ? Everybody is asking , " Stefan Groothuis , who won speed skating gold over 1,000 m last week , told CNN . "  I do n't think there 's one particular secret . The competitive model in Holland is really high . It 's really hard to qualify for the Olympics . We have some more amazing teammates who have stayed at home because they did n't qualify . "  I also think it 's a kind of coincidence that everything is coming together at these Games , because at recent World Cups we have n't been dominating so much . "  But everyone is doing it here - and that 's awesome . It 's a great feeling that so many people in the Dutch team are doing great , so there 's a really nice environment in the village . " To find an indication as to why the Dutch are so dominant at the Winter Olympics , one need only visit the history of speed skating page on the International Olympic Committee 's website . "  The Dutch were arguably the earliest pioneers of skating , " the IOC writes . "  They began using canals to maintain communication by skating from village to village as far back as the 13th century . "  The first known skating competition is thought to have been held in the Netherlands in 1676 ... In 1889 , the Netherlands hosted the first World Championships . " So it 's no surprise when Groothuis describes the sport as second only to football in terms of popularity among the Dutch . Meanwhile , De Jong gave a humorous indication of what drove him to bronze . "  I 'm really happy . I did n't want to be the only  Dutch  guy without a medal at these Games , " he said . "  It 's unbelievable how many medals the Dutch team has taken from these Olympic Games . We 've already doubled the medals from the Vancouver Games . "  It 's not only in Holland that you can make money in speed skating . If you qualify for the World Cup , the government can pay you good money . You can live for your skating . " DEFYING LOGIC In an event delayed a day by Sochi 's poor weather on Monday , Frenchman Pierre Vaultier won gold in the men 's snowboard cross , ahead of Russia 's Nikolay Olyunin and American Alex Deibold . Vaultier was constantly trading the lead position with Olyunin but won gold after an enormous final jump . His victory contravened medical convention , with Vaultier having torn his anterior cruciate ligament in December -- an injury that normally takes six months to heal . "  When I passed the finish line I think I was still up in the air  from the last jump  , " joked Vaultier . "  I had a knee three times the  normal  size and did my cruciate ligament . What 's happening to me is just incredible . " Olyunin , meanwhile , said he would be retiring after the Games despite being just 22 , while American Alex Deibold celebrated a remarkable rise after working as a wax technician for the U.S. team four years ago . "  It 's definitely been really tough , but I remember how hard it was for me back then and I use that as motivation to get myself where I am today , " said the 27-year-old . Another American celebrating on Tuesday was David Wise , who will forever stay in freestyle skiing halfpipe history after winning the inaugural event at the Olympics . The 23-year-old won the day 's last medal event , ahead of Canada 's Mike Riddle and Kevin Rolland of France . MAZE FINDS WAY Earlier on Tuesday , Slovenia 's Tina Maze made light of tricky weather conditions to become only the second woman in Winter Olympic history to win both the downhill and giant slalom . Having won the downhill last week , the 30-year-old finished seven hundredths of a second ahead of Austria 's Anna Fenninger , who won gold in Saturday 's Super-G , with Viktoria Rebensburg of Germany taking bronze . "  It 's crazy . I was ready for this , it 's what I came here to do , " said Maze , who emulates the feats of Switzerland 's Marie-Theres Nadig in Sapporo in 1972 . "  I feel proud . I think I will realize what I have done many years later . " Maze , who won two silvers at Vancouver 2010 , is now the most successful Olympian in either the summer of winter Games in Slovenia 's history -- with a total of four . Less successful but still celebrating was Thailand 's Vanessa Vanakorn , better known as world-famous violinist Vanessa Mae . Competing under the name of her Thai father , the 35-year-old placed last of the 67 skiers who finished -- some 50 seconds behind Maze . "  You can insure yourself up to your eyeballs , but if you do n't take risks , what 's the point ? " she said in response to a question about the possibility of damaging her arms . "  You have to enjoy life . I nearly crashed three times , but I made it down and that was the main thing . Being here is amazing . " ASIAN GAMES Asia did celebrate one medal on Tuesday , as South Korea 's women won the 3,000 meter relay in another extraordinary final . Four years ago , the South Koreans thought they had won gold in Vancouver only to be disqualified for impeding -- a decision which promoted China to gold . On Tuesday , the roles were reversed as South Korea passed the defending champions on the last of the 27 laps to take the gold , with the Chinese -- who thought they had bagged silver -- later disqualified for impeding on the final lap . "  We were disqualified at the last Olympics and today we picked up the gold medal we left behind back then , " said team member Seung-Hi Park . "  Only two people from our current team competed in Vancouver , and the younger skaters really stepped up this time . " Canada won silver as a result of China 's disqualification while Italy completed the podium . "  I could n't stop smiling . I was crying . It was amazing , " said Elena Viviani after her unexpected bronze . BEST OF THE REST In the men 's biathlon , which had been postponed from Monday because of fog , Norway 's 11-time world champion Emil Hegle Svendsen won the third Olympic gold of his career . Organizers needed a photo finish to determine whether Svendsen had beaten fast-finishing Frenchman Martin Fourcade , who has already won two golds in Sochi , over the line , with both contestants finishing with the same time . "  I feel very many thoughts but most of all very happy , " said Svendsen . "  It was a very tight finish , but I had some power left . I had been saving some power on the last loop . It was not a big difference for gold . " Ondrej Moravec of the Czech Republic finished third , meaning Norwegian Ole Einar Bjoerndalen failed in his quest to become the highest medal winner in Winter Olympic history . The 40-year-old needed just one more medal to surpass the all-time record he shares with compatriot Bjorn Daehlie but he finished in a disappointing 22nd place . He has one more chance in the relays . Yet Norway were not to be denied a medal as Joergen Graabak took gold in the Nordic Combined , finishing 0.6 seconds ahead of compatriot Magnus Hovdal Moan . "  I did n't think I would get to realise this , " said Graabak after winning his first Olympic medal of any color . "  It 's pretty obvious how I feel . I can not really tell . It 's a bit surreal . I will need time to enjoy the moment . " Fabian Riessle of Germany finished third , while his compatriot Eric Frenzel -- the pre-event favourite -- struggled to shake off the effects of a virus and so finished 10th . GOLD ON ICE Elsewhere , Russia kept their dream of winning ice hockey gold alive after beating a limited Norwegian side 4-0 to set up a quarterfinal clash with Finland on Wednesday . The Russians are desperate to win their first Olympic gold since the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991 -- having won six of the seven Olympics prior to that date . Although Russians formed part of the ` Unified Team ' that won gold in 1992 , the success was not theirs alone since they counted teammates from Ukraine , Kazakhstan , Belarus , Uzbekistan and Armenia among their number . Despite ice hockey gold seeming to be among the most desired aspects of Sochi 2014 for President Vladimir Putin , the Russians are struggling -- having been forced to negotiate the playoffs to reach the last eight after failing to win their group . This was , of course , a direct result of failing to beat the U.S. in Saturday 's extraordinarily dramatic match , which the Americans won on penalties , and the flag-waving crowd was at capacity in the futuristic Bolshoy Ice Dome once again to rally their favorites .	Jorrit Bergsma leads home fourth Dutch 1-2-3 in speed skating Vaultier of France wins snowboard cross two months after tearing ligaments Tina Maze of Slovenia wins giant slalom as violinist Vanessa Mae finishes last Russian men keep hockey dream alive with win over Norway
CNN  -- Driven by a hard-line faction of conservatives , Washington has done something terribly stupid : shutting down the national government . Most of America is aghast . But it is also just possible that doing something stupid will help us avoid doing something truly dangerous . Shutdowns are a lousy way to run a government . Just for starters , this one has cut off services to women and children in need , furloughed hundreds of thousands , further shaken the confidence of the public , sent a shudder through the financial world and created new storm clouds over the economy . And once again the world is wondering about our capacity for leadership . But all of this damage pales in comparison with the danger posed by a second , lurking threat : a default on our public finances . The United States has had 17 government shutdowns since 1977 and has generally recovered well . But we have never had a default . Experts , while not fully certain , are convinced that it could be hugely destructive -- even leading to a worldwide financial meltdown . Unless Congress and the White House get their act together , we could default in less than three weeks . But a shutdown could have a silver lining . It could be such an electric shock to the political system that it forces the politicians in Washington to settle their squabbles before the default deadline . What we know from past shutdowns is that not only citizens -- especially older ones dependent on Social Security and Medicare -- start raising hell , but so do business and financial leaders who see damage rippling across their economic interests . Politicians are increasingly seen as villains . Pressure tends to grow so unbearable that eventually Washington finds a solution . Most of the pressure this time will be directed toward Republicans who have misplayed their hand . A new poll by CNN/ORC shows that 46 % of Americans blame the shutdown on Republicans , seeing them as spoiled children . Thirty six percent blame President Obama , and 13 % point fingers at both . Seasoned GOP leaders across the country know that if the shutdown does serious damage , chances of Republicans picking up Senate seats in 2014 and the White House in 2016 could evaporate . Those leaders will push intensely for a way out . But Republicans are not the only ones who will come under pressure to find a settlement . So will Democrats , starting with President Obama . We expect our presidents to be leaders of all the people , not a single party or ideology . We want them to rise above the squabbling and keep us on track . The harsh rhetoric that the president has been directing at Republicans suggests that he is less interested in settlement than unconditional surrender . Moreover , as Republicans make their counterarguments , it is becoming increasingly apparent that they have some valid questions . Is Obamacare truly ready for prime time ? Should n't the two parties work together on the tax code ? When is Washington going to get serious about overhauling the entitlement programs so they will survive for coming generations ? Yes , conservative hard-liners have chosen the wrong place to fight ; arguments over Obamacare are no excuse to shut down the government . Yes , hard-liners like Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , are creating deeper partisan divides . But Democrats can ill afford to continue rejecting any talks or negotiations . Now that the shutdown has happened , Obama has a fresh opportunity -- indeed a fresh responsibility -- to seize the mantle of leadership and get us out of this mess . Instead of just blaming the Republicans , he should call in the leaders of both parties and in Lyndon Johnson fashion , keep 'em talking till they get a deal . With the shutdown underway , the president has new leverage to say , "  Look , we are here to negotiate a settlement so that we can reopen the government . We are not here to negotiate over a possible default ; I have said all along that I wo n't do that . But those of you who have been listening closely know that I have also been saying that I am open to conversations about settling our policy differences so that we can keep the government running . "  Tax reform , entitlement reform and even some tweaking of the Affordable Care Act are on the table now . I have only two conditions : I will not accept a gutting of Obamacare -- we settled that at the ballot box in 2012 -- and any settlement here must include a pledge not to let the country go into default . So , let 's get started . " Would it work ? Who knows for sure ? But one thing is clear : If enough Americans rise up now and pressure politicians in Washington to call off this circus , we could not only end this foolishness over a shutdown , but we could also avoid a truly dangerous default . And we could hold our heads up again . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Shutdown would hurt people in need , the U.S. economy and markets Gergen : We 've had shutdowns , but never a default , which may lead to global meltdown Default could happen in three weeks , he says , so it would force parties to solve problems Gergen : Shutdown would give Obama chance to take charge and get us out of this mess
CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales said Saturday that he was suspending the work of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration in Bolivia and that the government will take control of its activities in the war on drugs . Bolivian President Evo Morales , seen last month , says his government will control its anti-drug activities . Morales made the remarks in a speech in a remote part of Bolivia , carried on national television and radio stations . The announcement comes more than a month after Morales kicked DEA agents out of the country 's coca-producing Chapare region , saying the government could no longer protect them amid a growing revolt . At least 30 people died in the violence , and Morales accused Washington of fomenting the unrest . Bolivia and the United States each expelled the other 's ambassadors in September as well , and Morales launched a verbal assault against the U.S. government at the United Nations General Assembly . For its part , the United States accused Bolivia of not doing enough to stop the flow of drugs out of the country . Last month , President Bush said he had proposed cutting off special trade deals with Bolivia "  until it fulfills its obligations . " As he left Bolivia after his expulsion , U.S. ambassador Philip Goldberg warned the Bolivian government that reducing ties with Washington was "  a grave mistake . " Morales ' accusations that the United States had helped foment the violence in his country are "  false and baseless , " Goldberg said in September , and Morales "  insulted us . " The DEA has not been officially notified of any suspension or expulsion , spokesman Garrison Courtney said Saturday . He would not say how many agents are in Bolivia for security reasons but said it was not a significant presence . "  If this is true , it is an unfortunate situation , " Courtney said . "  We 've been working with our counterparts for over 30 years and have a tremendous working relationship with our Bolivian counterparts . " The violence broke out in September as Morales , the nation 's first Indian president , battled an autonomy movement in the natural gas-rich eastern departments of Santa Cruz , Pando , Beni and Tarija . The movement was triggered by Morales ' pledge to redistribute wealth from the eastern departments to the country 's poorer highlands . Some of Latin America 's leaders have supported Morales . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , long a critic of Bush and the United States , expelled the U.S. ambassador from Caracas in solidarity with Bolivia and recalled his own ambassador from Washington . In late October , Bolivia 's Congress approved an agreement between the government and opposition leaders to hold a referendum on a constitution that would grant more power to the nation 's Indian majority , according to the Bolivian Information Agency , or ABI , the state news agency . To spur the negotiations , ABI reported , Morales agreed to seek only one more term as president . The agreement followed weeks of negotiations between the government and political opponents , including the governors of the eastern provinces . CNN en Espanol 's Felipe Barral and CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Evo Morales says he has suspended DEA 's work in Bolivia U.S. agency says it has n't been officially notified of any suspension Morales removed DEA agents from coca-growing region this year U.S. and Bolivia have also been involved in ambassador squabble
Trenton , New Jersey  CNN  -- He 's baaaaack . The defiant and combative Chris Christie that reporters knew from the past returned in full spring bloom on Friday , now that a report he commissioned cleared him of wrongdoing in the George Washington Bridge lane closure controversy . A few minutes into his first news conference in more than two months , New Jersey 's Republican governor flashed his famous cantankerousness at suggestions he was hiding something about the apparently politically motivated traffic jams last September in Fort Lee . "  Colorful , " he interjected as one journalist asked an extended question . "  Can you get to it already ? " Later , he cut off a reporter to complain she was wrong about the timing of events in December . "  Stop , " he said , insisting that "  you have to get the facts right if you 're going to ask the question . " When the journalist persisted , Christie cut in with "  excuse me , excuse me " and then moved on by saying "  the premise of the question is so infirm I 'm not going to answer it . " Christie 's feisty approach had been missing of late , especially during his previous news conference in January that lasted almost two hours as the governor faced questions about the scandal labeled Bridgegate by Democratic foes . Separate federal and state investigations continue , but the report released this week found no evidence that Christie was involved in possible political retribution against Fort Lee 's Democratic mayor for not endorsing his re-election . Christie holds first news conference in two months Christie called the report exhaustive while critics labeled it a whitewash . Regardless of perspective , it gave Christie renewed vigor to face public questioning on the issue during Friday 's news conference that lasted just over an hour . The return of his trademark gruffness provides multiple benefits for Christie , who easily won re-election last year in traditionally Democratic New Jersey and now has possible ambitions for the GOP presidential nomination in 2016 . He tightly managed Friday 's news conference , basically telling journalists that he did n't care if they liked his answers or not . More importantly , his tough tactics play well among media-hating conservatives he will need to win the Republican nomination two years from now , if he runs . Some on the political right mistrust Christie because of moderate positions on issues such as gay marriage , as well as his public support for President Barack Obama as they toured the damage from Superstorm Sandy days before Obama 's reelection in 2012 . "  Now that he 's been self-exonerated , it appears that he 's decided to dispense with his faux humility of the past few months , " Democratic National Committee spokesman Mo Eleithee said of the governor . One particularly heated exchange involved Bridget Kelly , his former deputy chief of staff whose now-infamous email "  Time for some Traffic problems in Fort Lee " propelled what was a little noticed local controversy into an outright political crisis for the governor . Christie said he canned Kelly for lying to him , and he decided against meeting with her before the firing to avoid any perception of coercion or intimidation on the matter . When a reporter persisted on the topic , Christie exploded at the premise of the question . "  I do n't know whether you ca n't take notes or you 're not listening , but for you to characterize my last answer that I did n't want to ask her because I did n't want to know is so awful that it is beneath the job you hold , " he said . Christie saved his best for last , concluding the more than hour-long session by sarcastically telling reporters "  it 's such a joy and relief to be finally able to come back and interact with you in the kind and gentle way we always have . " "  I 'd love to say I missed you , " he added , "  but I did n't . " CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum reported from Trenton for this story , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	New Jersey governor takes on reporters at sometimes heated news conference Get your facts straight , Christie snaps in response to hostile questions His trademark gruffness returns with an internal report clearing him in the Fort Lee traffic controversy Federal and state investigations continue into the possibly politically motivated traffic snarls
Cairo  CNN  -- The recent health crisis for former Egyptian ruler Hosni Mubarak started when he slipped in a prison bathroom , his attorney told CNN Thursday . The ousted strongman hurt his neck and developed a blood clot after the fall in Tora prison , attorney Farid El Deeb said . El Deeb said Mubarak was taken off life-support equipment and his health improved on Wednesday , a day after grim and contradictory news emerged over the 84-year-old man 's health . The state-run Middle East News Agency reported that he was "  clinically dead . " The nation 's military rulers denied the report , with one general saying Mubarak 's health was deteriorating and he was in critical condition . Mubarak was transferred from Tora prison to Maadi Military Hospital . Now , El Deeb said , his ailing client is out of a coma and under the care of doctors at the facility 's intensive care unit . "  He had slipped in the bathroom of Tora prison and hurt his neck , which caused a blood clot that started all his medical problems that night , last Tuesday , including heart attack and irregular breathing , " El Deeb said . He said he had warned before that "  the prison hospital was not equipped with well-trained nurses or personnel to assist him or proper equipment . " The lawyer said he had n't been informed about how the latest bout of health problems started because he was in Lebanon when Mubarak fell sick . "  I was getting information by phone with a minute-to-minute update , but I learned that he fell when I returned to Cairo , " he said . The hospital , located minutes away from Tora prison , is under heavy security . Dozens of Mubarak supporters and opponents stood outside the hospital Wednesday and argued . Security forces stepped in to prevent clashes . Maadi is the same hospital where former president Anwar Sadat died after he was shot in 1981 . Mubarak became president after the assassination . He ruled Egypt with an iron hand and as a staunch ally of the United States , which gives the nation $ 1.3 billion a year in military aid . More than 800 people died and 6,000 were wounded during the uprising that ended Mubarak 's 29-year rule in February 2011 . Mubarak and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , were convicted of ordering security forces to kill anti-government protesters and this month were given life terms . But other top aides -- as well as Mubarak 's two sons , who had been tried on corruption charges -- were acquitted . El Deeb appealed the verdict four days after it was issued . He has until August 1 to submit a memo indicating the reasons for the appeal Prior to his sentencing , Mubarak was already suffering from health problems ; he attended court on a gurney . He had been in Tora for 17 days until he was transferred to Maadi . Some citizens thought the Mubarak health scare was staged to focus attention away from the controversies over Egypt 's elections . Reports of Mubarak 's failing health have taken a back seat to the political and constitutional turmoil in the country . Egypt 's Presidential Election Commission has delayed , from Thursday until a date to be announced , the release of the results of Egypt 's presidential election , state-run Nile TV reported Wednesday . "  The committee has not completed the verification of a total of 400 electoral violation reports submitted by the two presidential candidates , " said Tarek Shibl , a senior member of electoral committee . "  Most probably the announcement of the election results will be delayed a day or two but nothing is final yet . " The results of last weekend 's runoff between Ahmed Shafik , the last prime minister to serve under Mubarak , and Mohamed Morsi , the Muslim Brotherhood candidate , remain uncertain . Shafik and Mosri each proclaimed himself winner in the race to succeed Mubarak 16 months after a popular uprising ended his three-decade rule . Military rulers dissolved the lower house of parliament last week , extending their power and sparking accusations of a coup . The military council announced it had full legislative authority . The Muslim Brotherhood , the country 's largest Islamist group , was the dominant party in the parliament . Under an interim constitutional declaration released Monday , the military council retains the power to make laws and budget decisions until a new constitution is written and a new parliament elected . The declaration says Supreme Council members "  shall decide all matters related to military affairs , including the appointment of its leaders . " The president has the power to declare war , it says , but only "  after the approval " of the Supreme Council .	Mubarak developed a blood clot when he hurt his neck in the fall , his lawyer says He 's in the ICU at Maadi Military Hospital Mubarak 's in the same hospital where his predecessor died
CNN  -- Sheriff 's deputies had been called to the home of Virginia state Sen. Creigh Deeds a day before the fight that left his son dead and the veteran politician with multiple stab wounds , investigators reported Wednesday . Deputies responded to a "  nonemergency call for assistance " at Deeds ' home in Millboro , in the rural western part of the state , on Monday , Virginia State Police said . The deputies made no arrests , and no charges were filed , the agency said . A police source confirmed that Deeds ' son , Austin "  Gus " Deeds , was taken to a local hospital under an emergency custody order for an evaluation by mental health professionals . The following morning , Deeds was stabbed multiple times during a fight with his 24-year-old son , who then shot himself with a rifle , according to autopsy results state police disclosed Wednesday . The Richmond Times-Dispatch reported Tuesday that the younger Deeds had been given a mental health evaluation under an emergency custody order . But Dennis Cropper , executive director of the Rockbridge Area Community Services Board , said that Austin Deeds had been released because no psychiatric bed could be found for him across a wide area of western Virginia , the newspaper reported . But three hospitals in the area told CNN Wednesday that they had beds available , and no one called them . All three are within an hour or two of the Deeds family home in Millboro , about 150 miles west of Richmond . Mental health : Warning signs parents ca n't ignore Virginia law requires doctors to find a bed for a patient under an emergency custody order within four hours or release them . Sources close to the investigation told CNN that Deeds , the 2009 Democratic nominee for governor , was stabbed more than 10 times . He was in good condition Wednesday afternoon the University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville . A cousin found the bleeding lawmaker walking down a road near his home after the fight and called for help , state police said . State troopers who went to Deeds ' home found Gus Deeds suffering from a gunshot wound and were unable to save him , state police said Tuesday . The incident stunned the political community in Virginia , where Deeds is a well-known lawmaker who ran for attorney general and governor . The man who defeated him in both races , current Gov. Bob McDonnell , called Tuesday 's events "  heartbreaking . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Leslie Bentz and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	Sheriff 's deputies were called to Creigh Deeds ' home on Monday , state police say A police source said Deeds ' son was taken to a hospital for evaluation Three hospitals tell CNN they had psychiatric beds available Monday The Virginia state senator was stabbed more than 10 times , sources say
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department 's Inspector General 's Office is criticizing both a private contractor and U.S. government officials for "  considerable construction deficiencies " in the new U.S. Embassy in Iraq . In a report released Thursday , Acting Inspector General Harold W. Geisel lists incomplete design work , safety questions and maintenance problems that he says may continue for years . The report recommends that the State Department try to get a $ 132 million refund from the major construction contractor , First Kuwaiti Trading and Contracting . The embassy -- the largest such U.S. facility in the world -- ended up costing more than $ 700 million , with First Kuwaiti receiving more than $ 470 million . The compound includes working space for more than 1,000 people and housing for several hundred . It officially opened in January . A special office set up by the State Department to oversee the construction of the Baghdad Embassy failed to carry out its administrative responsibilities or enforce the provisions of the contract , the report says . The State Department says in the report that procedures for future projects will be different . One problem cited by the Inspector General 's Office is inadequate emergency "  safe areas " inside the embassy compound . It suggests the State Department try to recover $ 4.6 million "  to repair safe areas , which are vital to protecting staff in emergency situations but which were not constructed according to contract specifications . " "  We found that although the construction ... -LSB- of the embassy -RSB- in a war zone in 34 months was a significant accomplishment , considerable construction deficiencies remained because designs for the facilities had not been completed and approved and quality control and commissioning procedures were inadequate , " the report says . "  Without a valid design and robust quality control and commissioning activities , the department can not be assured that the NEC -LSB- new embassy compound -RSB- complies with contract and department requirements , as well as with applicable building codes , " it says . The report , which was sent to Congress earlier this week , adds , "  As a result of construction deficiencies , incomplete and undocumented design work , additional maintenance charges attributable to inadequate quality control and commissioning procedures , and unrecovered liquidated damages and interest on unauthorized advance mobilization payments , we recommend that the Department of State attempt to recover more than $ 132 million from First Kuwaiti . "	Report recommends U.S. try to get a $ 132 million refund New embassy , in Baghdad , cost more than $ 700 million Report cites incomplete design work , safety questions , maintenance problems
Johannesburg  CNN  -- For the Xhosa people of South Africa , death is traditionally not something to be talked about or to be planned for , no matter how inevitable or close it may seem . But those close to Nelson Mandela had little choice as the country 's first black leader lay in a Pretoria hospital and then at home in Johannesburg on life support . In the final years of his life , secret plans were hammered out between the government , the military and his family as they prepared for a fitting farewell for a great man . Below is a breakdown of how those plans will unfold over the next 10 days , culminating in a state funeral to be broadcast to millions worldwide and a very private farewell for those closest to him . As is often the case with events of this magnitude , plans might change due to weather , security and other factors . But for now , this is what the authorities and the family hope will happen . According to multiple sources involved with the planning of the final farewell to the South African icon , the 10 days of mourning will combine both Western traditions and those of the Thembu , Mandela 's native clan . Day 1 to Day 4 Mandela passed away at 8.50 p.m. Thursday  1.50 p.m. ET  , surrounded by his family , South African President Jacob Zuma said . CNN understands that during his final hours , Mandela would have also been surrounded by Thembu elders . Importantly , at some stage - either at his home or in the mortuary - the traditional leaders will gather for a first ceremony , a tradition called "  the closing of the eyes . " Throughout the ceremony , they 'll be talking to Mandela , as well as to his tribal ancestors , to explain what 's happening at each and every stage to ease the transition from life to beyond . After the ceremony , it 's believed Mandela 's body will be embalmed at the mortuary , which is understood to be a military hospital in Pretoria . Day 5 No formal public events will be held until five days after Mandela 's death when tens of thousands of people are expected to converge on the FNB Stadium , known as Soccer City in Soweto for a memorial service . It was at that stadium that in July 2010 Mandela made his last public appearance at the World Cup final . Spectators rose to their feet , their cheers partly drowned out by the deafening shriek of thousands of vuvuzelas to pay tribute to the then-92 - year-old who some had feared might be too infirm to show up . In stark contrast to the mood of elation , the atmosphere on Day 5 is expected to hang heavy with grief as a nation mourns Madiba . It is unclear whether Mandela 's casket will be there . Some world leaders might attend this memorial service instead of the state funeral later on in the week . A White House Official tells CNN the administration is working on plans for President Barack Obama to travel to South Africa to attend the memorial service . Day 6 to 8 According to sources , Mandela 's body will then lie in state for three days at the Union Buildings in Pretoria , the seat of power of the South African government . The first day will be reserved for dignitaries . The public will be allowed to file past his casket on days 7 and 8 . Viewing hours are expected to be limited to daylight . Long lines will likely form from the very early hours of the morning . It was at the historic Union Buildings that Mandela was inaugurated as president on May 10 , 1994 . On that extraordinary day , crowds converged around the building to witness history being made . That day , a former political prisoner achieved what was once unthinkable and became South Africa 's first post-apartheid black leader . Day 9 Nine days after Mandela 's death , a military aircraft will leave a Pretoria airbase and fly south to Mthatha , the main town in the South African province of Eastern Cape . Thembu elders and members of the Mandela family make the journey with Mandela 's casket . Thousands of mourners are expected to line the streets from Mthatha airport to watch as the military transports Mandela 's casket on a gun carriage to the remote village of Qunu , where the former leader spent his childhood years . Along the way the procession is expected to pause for prayers to allow ordinary South Africans to pay their respects . Once at Mandela 's house , the military will formally pass responsibility for his remains to his family . The South African flag that is expected to be draped over the coffin will be replaced with a traditional Xhosa blanket , symbolizing the return of one of their own . At dusk , ANC leaders , local chiefs and Mandela 's family are expected to gather for a private night vigil before a very public funeral the next day . Day 10 The funeral and burial will be on the grounds of Mandela 's Qunu home . It 's expected that thousands of people , including dozens of heads of state , will gather for the state funeral . The funeral will take place under a large tent nestled in the hills where Mandela ran and played as a child . A tight military cordon is expected , in an attempt to assuage security fears . The event will be broadcast to an audience of millions around the world . At midday - when the summer sun is high in the sky - Mandela will be buried into the rocky soil of his homeland . Only a few hundred close family members will bid that final farewell to Mandela as he is laid to rest . The burial area has been especially built for him ; some of Mandela 's long deceased family members are already buried at the site . It will be , according to custom , a homecoming . His grave site is surrounded by rocky outcrops , hardy grass used for the grazing cattle and bright orange aloe plants . The aloes are indigenous succulents which are hardy , drought-resistant , medicinal plants that bloom across the bushveld when all else is dry and dull . A symbolic floral gesture to a man whose life was filled with sacrifice and tragedy but who triumphed with a tenacity of spirit and hope in even the darkest of days .	CNN has a detailed account of how plans will unfold over the next 10 days The 10 days of mourning will combine both Western traditions and those of Mandela 's native clan No formal public events will be held until five days after Mandela 's death
CNN  -- Buggy websites , long hold times and other glitches have marred the first two days of the long-awaited rollout of open enrollment for Obamacare health-care coverage . Blame the gawkers , at least in part , health-care experts said Wednesday . "  I think a lot of people trying to get on were just curious , like me , " said Drexel University health policy expert Robert Field . "  Once that initial curiosity dies down and it 's just people who need policies , you 'll see much less traffic . " In the 24 hours after its launch , more than 4.7 million people have visited the federal website providing signups in 34 states , Health and Human Services Department spokeswoman Joanne Peters said Tuesday . Government officials have n't said how many have actually signed up . "  We expect to see similar volume as yesterday , and while this overwhelming interest is continuing to cause wait times , there will be continuing improvements in the coming hours and days , " Peters said . States running their own exchanges reported high traffic volumes as well , suggesting that the problems were related to the intense traffic : Too many people had bellied up to the virtual service counter , and the hardware dedicated to sending webpages to users ' computers could n't make out the questions for all the shouting . The effect is similar to , if less nefarious than , a common attack used by hackers to bring down websites : sending so much traffic its way that servers slow or even shut down . ` Too many people ' Such problems do not mean , as some Republican critics of the health plan have said , that Obamacare is already a failure , said Michael Doonan , an assistant professor at Brandeis University and a former program specialist with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services who also served on President Bill Clinton 's health-care task force . "  It 's a technical problem , too many people coming in , " he said . The exchanges are complex technological systems that require a lot of interplay between agencies , and there 's only so much engineers can do to test a system before opening it to the public , he said . "  You really need to test them in real time and then backfill with some of the things you really need to get them to work , " Doonan said . Peters said the department is "  working to speed up the process " and expects enrollment times to drop "  in the coming hours . " Obstructionism ? There 's no evidence , Field said , that political opposition to the plan has had any negative effect on enrollment . The federal government is operating the exchange in 34 states , many of which refused to participate because of political opposition to the plan . In Georgia , for instance , the Atlanta Journal-Constitution quoted Insurance Commissioner Ralph Hudgens as saying at a private political gathering in July that state leaders were doing "  everything in our power to be an obstructionist . " According to Georgia Health News , the state is one of 15 that passed laws to regulating the work of patient advisers , or navigators , called for in the health-care law . But Field said such efforts , which could hinder efforts to reach people who may not be aware of the program or do n't have access to a computer , would n't have played any role in the glitches seen by enrollment websites the past two days . And Bill Rencher , who just passed the test to become a navigator in Georgia on Wednesday , said such efforts are n't having any effect on getting word out about the program . He predicted no problems signing up for anyone who wants coverage before the December 15 deadline to get coverage on January 1 . Consumers have until March 15 to sign up for coverage beginning in April . Just wait Federal and many state officials in charge of the plans have suggested that consumers wait until the initial rush dies down before trying to shop for coverage . Meanwhile , Republicans -- locked with congressional Democrats and the president over efforts to eliminate the health reform program -- seized on the glitches as evidence that it has already failed . "  We have been warned time and time again that Obamacare is not ready for prime time . Well , it turns out that is right , " Rep. Tim Huelskamp , R-Kansas , said Tuesday . But Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said Wednesday that it 's only natural to expect "  some bumps in the road , glitches maybe , some problems with the website . " President Barack Obama said as much Tuesday , noting that technology giant Apple had suffered glitches with its new smartphone operating system . "  I do n't remember anybody suggesting Apple should stop selling iPhones or iPads , " he said .	Problems accessing Obamacare insurance exchange sites stem from big demand , experts say There 's no evidence political opposition to the plan has played any role , they say Advocates suggest waiting to apply for insurance Republicans say glitches prove health reform is n't ready
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's military continued its assault Thursday on militants in Taliban-held areas , its chief spokesman told reporters . Pakistani army trucks move military equipment into the troubled Buner district Thursday . So far , 14 militants have been killed in the past 24 hours , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said . The operation is still ongoing in the districts of Dir and Buner , which was recently seized by the Taliban in violation of an agreement with Pakistan 's government . Pakistani forces have completely secured Daggar , the main town in Buner and the scene of heavy fighting on Wednesday , Abbas said . The Daggar operation resulted in the deaths of 50 militants , but freed 18 Frontier Corps personnel who had been abducted by militants , he said . Fifty-two of their colleagues are still believed to be held by their suspected Taliban kidnappers . This week 's military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties since Sunday , while the military has suffered one death and one injury , according to Abbas . He said he hopes the operation will be completed by the end of the week . Pakistan has asked the United States to supply its forces with helicopters , communication equipment and night vision technology , Abbas said Thursday . Most of this week 's casualties happened on Tuesday , when Pakistani fighter jets launched airstrikes , killing at least 70 militants in the Dir district , according to the Pakistani military . The operation is part of the Pakistani army 's intensified drive against the Taliban in its restive tribal regions . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , which have rankled relations between the two countries . The military campaign has apparently not stopped Washington from carrying out unmanned drone attacks on Pakistan 's soil . A suspected unmanned aerial vehicle killed six people Wednesday night in the village of Kaniguran in the tribal district of South Waziristan near the border with Afghanistan , Pakistani intelligence sources said . Pakistan has complained repeatedly about what it says are American airstrikes on its territory . The U.S. military in Afghanistan has not commented on the strikes , which typically target Taliban fighters in the border region . But the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from remote-controlled drones . U.S. President Barack Obama is "  gravely concerned about the situation in Pakistan , " he told reporters Wednesday night . Speaking at a news conference capping his 100th day in office , Obama said the United States has "  huge national security interests in making sure that Pakistan is stable " and does n't end up a "  nuclear-armed militant state . " But he stressed he was more concerned about the ability of Pakistan 's civilian government to "  deliver basic services , " and not "  that they 're immediately going to be overrun " by the Taliban . Pakistan 's recent military crackdown has led to an exodus of civilians from the region . At least 33,000 residents have left their homes in the midst of the recent fighting , according to Amnesty International . Civilians fleeing from Lower Dir in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province join more than 500,000 people already displaced by the fighting , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The Pakistani military completed its operation to eliminate and expel militants in Dir Tuesday , and is now focusing on the Buner district , Abbas said . About 300 militants entered Buner a few days ago , in violation of the Taliban 's recent agreement to leave the district , he said . Buner is about 60 miles from Islamabad , but Abbas said the militants pose no threat of entering the capital . The fighter jets pounded targets in Buner and the Swat Valley in an effort to block the militants ' entry and exit points , according to Abbas . CNN 's Samson Desta , Ivan Watson , and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Pakistani military intensifies drive against Taliban in restive tribal regions Recent military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties Has not stopped U.S. unmanned drone attacks on Pakistan 's soil Barack Obama "  gravely concerned about the situation in Pakistan "
CNN  -- World champion Sebastian Vettel apologized to Red Bull teammate Mark Webber after defying orders to snatch a "  risky " victory at the Malaysian Grand Prix on Sunday and go to the top of the driver standings . Webber had been poised for the 10th victory of his career and first since July as he led comfortably after the team 's final pit stops , and was told to hold back to maintain his car until the finish at the Sepang circuit . Vettel , however , took the opportunity to edge past the veteran Australian and claim his 27th race win , having started from pole position for the second time in two events this season . "  I want to say sorry to Mark , " the German told reporters , having been rebuked by his team boss Christian Horner on the radio as they dueled on the track . "  This is silly Seb , come on , " Horner warned . "  He was trying to save the car and tires , but I took a lot of risk in passing him when he was trying , " the 25-year-old Vettel added . "  I did n't ignore that , but I should n't have done it . " He later said on the Red Bull website : " I put myself above a team decision , which was wrong . I did n't mean to and I apologize . I 'm not happy I 've won , I made a mistake and if I could undo it I would . It 's not easy right now and I owe apologies to Mark and the team . " Webber , who has often complained that triple world champion Vettel has favored status within the Austrian-owned team , made his displeasure known at the postrace press conference . "  The first part of GP went very well , " the 36-year-old said . "  In the end we got the right strategy , and it was about controlling the race , getting everything in the race right , but the team told me to turn the engine down . "  But I want to race as well . Seb made his own decisions and he will have protection as usual and that 's the way it goes . " See : Sepang interactive and latest standings He also added a statement on the team website . "  There 's a bit of history to this as well ; my mind in the last 15 laps was thinking about a lot of things , " Webber said . "  Of course I 'm not satisfied with the result . This puts heat on a few people and unfortunately there 's no rewind button . I know people want raw emotion from us after these situations and it 's there , but we need to remain cool . There 's three weeks until the next race , so time for us to work on things . " Horner said the incident was "  frustrating . " "  Formula One is both a team and an individual sport and sometimes there is a conflict between a driver 's desire and a team 's interest , " he said . "  What happened today is something that should n't have happened . "  Our position after that final pit stop was all about managing the race until the end and conserving our tires , getting the cars to the finish and achieving maximum points . " Team orders have long been a controversial part of F1 , and were banned in 2002 . However , that rule was dropped in 2011 after it became apparent that teams were finding ways around it . On Sunday , Lewis Hamilton benefited from team orders as he claimed his first podium finish for Mercedes after colleague Nico Rosberg was told not to attack him as both drivers were seeking to maintain their cars . Team boss Ross Brawn said on the radio : "  Negative Nico , negative . Lewis ' pace is what we are asking him to do . He can go a lot faster as well , so please be in control as well . " "  If I 'm honest he should be standing here , he 's a great teammate and did a fantastic job , " Hamilton said of Rosberg , who outperformed seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher at Mercedes the past three seasons . "  We brought the car home and I 'm glad to get a result for them , but it 's not the best feeling being up here . " The 2008 world champion almost made an embarrassing error when he tried to pit in the garage of his former team McLaren -- bringing back memories of when Jenson Button did similar soon after his move to the British marque . "  I did a Jenson as he did that a couple of years ago , " the English driver said . "  I 've had so many years making pit stops with McLaren , but I got it wrong , so a big apology to my teammate . " Button 's disappointing season continued when he failed to finish in the points after being sent out from his final pit stop with a loose front wheel , having been fifth at one stage . His new teammate Sergio Perez scored his first points for McLaren as he came home ninth ahead of Toro Rosso 's Jean-Eric Vergne . Felipe Massa claimed fifth place but his Ferrari teammate Fernando Alonso -- the race winner in Sepang last year and overall runnerup -- paid for an early mistake that broke his front wing and ended his 200th career grand prix as he stayed out on the track too long without getting it repaired . "  Today we had a good car , and I do n't think we were too far from the Red Bull pace , especially in the race , " the Spaniard said . "  Looking now after the incident for sure it is the wrong decision  to stay on the track  . If this unlucky combination had not happened , and in lap three we stop , we change the tire and the nose and we win the race here , the team are heroes . " Romain Grosjean was sixth for Lotus ahead of teammate Kimi Raikkonen , who won the opening race in Melbourne last Sunday but this time started from 10th after being given a three-place penalty for blocking Rosberg during Saturday 's qualifying . The Finn was fastest in Friday 's practice , but downplayed his hopes in the race . Nico Hulkenberg was eighth to earn Sauber 's first points this season .	Sebastian Vettel wins Malaysia Grand Prix from Red Bull teammate Mark Webber Webber is unhappy after Vettel defies team orders to pass and claim first win of 2013 German later apologizes to Webber , having been rebuked by team boss during race Lewis Hamilton takes third after his Mercedes teammate is told not to overtake
CNN  -- A leader of a high-profile campaign pushing for women to drive in Saudi Arabia says she 's suing traffic police in order to get a driver 's license . Manal al Sharif told CNN Sunday that she filed an objection with the General Directorate of Traffic in Riyadh , the country 's capital , when officials rejected her license application . After waiting 90 days and receiving no response , she filed her suit against them in November . "  It 's just creating positive pressure on the officials to get back to us -- and it will encourage more women to apply for licenses and file lawsuits , " she said . There are no specific traffic laws that make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia . However , religious edicts are often interpreted as a prohibition of female drivers . Such edicts also prevent women from opening bank accounts , obtaining passports or even going to school without the presence of a male guardian . Al Sharif said her case had been transferred to Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry . Officials there could not be reached for comment . Al Sharif said she first applied for a license after being stopped by the authorities for driving a car last May . She was detained , spent nine days in jail and quickly became an icon of the "  Women2Drive " campaign , an initiative demanding the right for women to drive and travel freely in Saudi Arabia . A Facebook page organizing a campaign for women to drive last June included a banner that read , "  We are all Manal Sharif , " and a quote from King Abdullah stating that "  the day will come when women will be able to drive . " The single mother and information technology specialist 's name first became a rallying cry for Saudi women last year after she uploaded a YouTube video of herself driving . Through the lawsuit , al Sharif said she is continuing her fight . "  There is no law forbidding women from driving , " she said .	Manal al Sharif says she hopes the lawsuit will spark change She has been an icon of a campaign pushing for women 's rights to drive Al Sharif says she filed the lawsuit after her license application was denied Religious edicts are often interpreted as a prohibition of female drivers in Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- The sea of signs and flags held with defiant pride may have said "  31 " -- but the history books will note that Juventus clinched a record-extending 29th Italian league title Sunday , with three matches to spare . The "  Calciopoli " match-fixing scandal which saw the club stripped of its 2005 and 2006 scudettos and relegated to Serie B still looms large in the history of the "  Old Lady " of Turin , but successes in the last two seasons have restored Juve 's fortunes as Italy 's top football team . "  It was n't easy for us to reclaim our title this year , " said coach Antonio Conte after the 1-0 win over Palermo that ended the hopes of second-placed Napoli and prompted Juve fans to invade the pitch at the Alps stadium to get keepsakes of the day , with some even cutting up the goal nets . Conte has had his own problems , having missed the start of this season after being banned for failing to report an instance of match-fixing while he was the coach of Siena -- the 10-month punishment was later reduced to four on appeal , and he returned to the touchline in December . "  Starting out as favorites does n't do you any favors and we knew that the Champions League would take it out of us on a physical level , " said the 43-year-old , whose team reached the quarterfinals of Europe 's top club competition . "  However , we 've had a triumphant charge to the title , sealing the achievement with three games to spare . The defeat against Inter gave us greater hunger but the loss against Sampdoria affected me even more , I promised it would n't happen again and stayed true to my word . "  I dreamt of returning and winning here and that 's precisely what has happened . I 'm in the right place . We 've achieved extraordinary things over the past few years , but you always need to raise the bar in football , taking into account the economic difficulties that Italian football is experiencing . "  So it 's only right that I sit down with the club at the end of the season to plan for the future . I 'll always be grateful to  president  Andrea Agnelli and owe him a great deal , and that 's why I want the situation to be clear . But I want to stay here . " Chile midfielder Arturo Vidal scored the goal that clinched title , netting from the penalty spot after an hour following a foul by Massimo Donati on striker Mirko Vucinic . It was his 10th Serie A goal this season , and 15th overall , making him Juve 's top scorer . The victory , which came despite the 83rd-minute red card to Paul Pogba , put Juve 14 points clear of Napoli , who then beat Inter Milan 3-1 later Sunday to reduce the deficit again . Edinson Cavani netted a hat-trick to pass 100 goals for Napoli and extend his league-leading tally to 26 this season , while eighth-placed Inter look likely to miss out on European football next season . AC Milan went four points clear in the battle for third place , beating Torino 1-0 thanks to an 84th-minute goal from striker Mario Balotelli to capitalize on Fiorentina 's defeat to fifth-placed Roma on Saturday . Meanwhile , Ajax clinched a third successive Dutch league title on Sunday , beating bottom club Willem II Tilburg 5-0 to earn a 32nd Eredivisie crown overall with one match to play . Coach Frank de Boer emulated the feats of Rinus Michels  1966-68  and Louis van Gaal  1994-96  in winning a treble of titles , having also won five as a player . It kept Ajax four points clear of second-placed PSV Eindhoven , who beat NEC Nijmegen 4-2 . Paris Saint-Germain 's bid for a first French title since 1994 faltered with a 1-1 draw against Valenciennes that left the capital club seven points clear with three matches to play . PSG had key defender Thiago Silva sent off after Gael Danic put the midtable visitors ahead , but Brazilian Alex netted a late equalizer . Marseille had earlier ensured PSG could not wrap up the title this weekend by beating Bastia 2-1 on Saturday .	Sunday 's win over Palermo gives Juventus a 29th Italian league title Club and its fans celebrate with flags and signs denoting "  31 " Turin side still refusing to accept loss of two titles in match-fixing scandal Dutch club Ajax clinches third successive league title and 32nd overall
CNN  This is what it 's come to . Starbucks asked its local baristas to have conversations about race . Not the federal government or Congress . Not academia or the NAACP . But a national coffee shop chain waded into an area of social conflict that is as old as the slave ships and as modern as stop-and-frisk policing . Then people went crazy . Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz was accused of ruining that magic morning moment when customers fork over $ 4.15 for a "  grande " coffee with warm skim milk and vanilla extract . A barista writing "  Race Together " on cups was called an affront to mornings and coffee -- such important conversations belonged inside a hallowed institution , not a common coffee shop , where apparently people no longer chat . A lot of the reaction came via snipes on Twitter from people calling Schultz out on Starbucks ' diversity , the hue of his mochaccinos , or his liberal "  brewing " of controversy . The nastiness drove the company 's communications chief briefly off Twitter . Then , after barely a week , Starbucks shut down the whole darned thing , pushing ahead with a hiring and media initiative instead . But treating Twitter as an important voice of American conscience is like focusing on the annoying beep emitting from your smoke detector instead of addressing the fact that the battery 's run dry . What 's trending is not necessarily what matters . People do need to talk about race . Not because of a harmless coffee cup , but because we have a real race problem and we need solutions . Starfish Media Group just finished a nationwide tour of American colleges , universities and communities called "  Black in America 2015 . " It 's based on our CNN documentary series that takes a close look at the challenges and triumphs of being black in America : from the hopes of the Martin Luther King era to today 's unlikely brew of un-kept promises and vast opportunities . There were plenty of conversations about race among the thousands of black and white college students and panelists like rapper Chuck D and Cedric Alexander of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives . They lined up to talk about how their experiences mirrored those of the people in the documentaries : black families finding common roots with whites , the politics of skin color , or the black-and-blue conflict over the police engaging in racial profiling . The topics and perceptions were an unending thread . Not only did people talk when they were offered the chance ; they wanted to talk . At Stony Brook University , one of our tour stops , a young white male student asked our panel if effecting change in racial discrimination today was even harder to achieve than it was during the Civil Rights era when racism was more overt . What a good question . There are no longer signs segregating our bathrooms and water fountains , but police are being caught on cell phone videos in apparent attacks on young black men -- the new signposts of racial inequality . New technology has multiplied and spread symbols of racial injustice , but that has created new challenges and new reasons to talk . In this country we sometimes pretend we are so far past the ugly days of Jim Crow and middle-of-the-night cross burnings as to have no racial issues to discuss . We did , after all , elect a black president who , like me , has both a black and a white parent and descends from immigrants . But blacks and whites do n't see things the same , and that is a big problem we need to discuss . Pew Research Center asked people of both races this year how much more needs to be done to achieve racial equality . Seventy-nine percent of blacks said "  a lot " more work needs to be done . Just 44 % of whites thought the same . Our country is more diverse than ever -- 13 % African-American and 17 % Latino , according to the U.S. Census -- but we still live in different worlds . Blacks have more debt , higher unemployment , less financial security , are less likely to be married or own homes , and are less likely to be represented in corporate boardrooms , the tech industry or even Congress . Perhaps more alarmingly , 75 % of black students are going to schools where the majority of the students look just like them . It has been 60 years since Brown v. Board of Education was supposed to bring our schoolchildren together on an equal playing field . That is something worth talking about . Recently , Bryan Stevenson , who founded the Equal Justice Initiative in Montgomery , Alabama , examined the details behind 3,959 lynchings in 12 Southern states from 1877 to 1950 . He wants to raise money to memorialize the sites . We may not live in that land any more , though the FBI is investigating the death of a black man found hanging among the walnut trees this month in Mississippi . But we do live in a land where there is a modern terror digging roots in the minds of young black men . In 2014 , our CNN documentary "  Black in America : Black & Blue " showed police officers talking fearfully about facing off against young criminals on familiar streets and African-American men in fear that they would become the victims of police shootings . The documentary was released just as grand juries chose not to indict the police officers in the Eric Garner and Ferguson , Missouri , cases . To me , it reveals how damaging the rift in our perceptions can be . A young man named Keeshan Harley talked about being frisked over 100 times . Why ? "  Because I fit the description , " said the black college student . Seventy percent of blacks believe , just like Keeshan , that the police treat racial and ethnic groups differently and do not hold police officers accountable for misconduct , according to a study by the Pew Research Center . The percentage of whites who agree with that perception hovers in the mid-30s . Much of the white community does n't perceive or understand the persecution of a Keeshan Harley . But when they see a videotape , as in the Eric Garner case , many finally recognize there is a problem . We need to consider how a lack of confidence in government and law enforcement is dangerous in a civil society . A young man named Luis Paulino shared a cell phone video with me when I was reporting "  Black & Blue . " It shows tall white police officers beating Luis on the street for no apparent reason . He could n't call the police for help . These were the police . What if there had been no tape , I asked him . "  Nobody would have believed me , " he said . "  It would have been my word against 15 police officers . " That is modern-day terror , and worth at least a coffee shop chat . Black people talk about race all the time , from processing comments about our freckles to recounting how someone rolls their fingers through our child 's curly hair . We do n't get or expect an even playing field at work . We do n't ever get to cross a street in a hoodie at night without the other pedestrians making a string of assumptions . We do n't have some mutable characteristic . We wake up and go to bed black , and that makes a difference in this country . CEO Howard Schultz was left wondering why it was such a bad idea to encourage people to talk about race . His initial letter to his staff made it clear he believes his #racetogether coffee cup campaign can contribute to starting an important conversation . "  What if our customers ... had a renewed level of understanding and sensitivity about the issue , and they themselves would spread that to their own sphere of influence ? " What a good question it was . What if ?	Starbucks quickly shut down its program of asking baristas to talk to the public about race Soledad O'Brien : Forget the storm of tweets criticizing the coffee company ; we need a vigorous conversation on race
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi officials on Tuesday released security camera video of two weekend bombings that killed at least 155 people -- the deadliest attacks in the capital in more than two years . One video shows cars traveling around a traffic circle on Haifa Street in central Baghdad Sunday morning before a huge blast in front of the Justice Ministry . The impact shakes the camera and its view is obscured by clouds of smoke . Another camera shows the dozens of charred cars covered in debris from the other blast , as two fires burn nearby . Baghdad Gov. Salah Abdul Razzaq showed the videos at a news conference held under a blown-out ceiling at the second bombed building . He also announced that the Baghdad provincial council on Tuesday voted for the resignation of the interior minister and the Baghdad commander -- the two men in charge of Iraqi security forces in the capital . Razzaq said the attacks killed 155 people and wounded more than 500 . Other officials had put the death toll at 160 . The deaths include 20 children , two Interior Ministry officials said Tuesday . They said an earlier report that said 30 children packed on a minibus were among those killed was based on an erroneous police account . The Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group for al Qaeda in Iraq , claimed responsibility for the attacks in a statement released Tuesday . The authenticity of the claim could not be immediately verified , but it appeared on a Web site frequently used by the group . Iraqi Maj. Gen. Abdul Aziz said he believes al Qaeda in Iraqwas behind the attack . "  In my personal estimate or assessment , what I can tell you , I can see the imprint of al Qaeda , which is the enemy of Iraq and the enemy of all humanity , " Aziz said through a translator Tuesday . The Islamic State of Iraq also claimed responsibility for nearly identical truck bombings that struck the Foreign and Finance ministries on August 19 , killing at least 100 and wounding hundreds more . One of the bombs Sunday exploded outside Baghdad 's governorate building , the other outside the Justice Ministry . The bombs detonated in quick succession about 10:30 a.m. , officials said . See photos from the deadly explosions Plumes of smoke billowed from the sites as victims fled , some with blood streaming down their faces . The streets were strewed with debris , including charred cars and chunks of concrete . Other government buildings in the area were heavily damaged . The blasts sparked questions about Iraq 's security and national elections planned for January . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who visited the scene shortly after the explosions , said holding the elections as scheduled would send a strong message to the attackers . "  The cowardly attack ... should not affect the determination of the Iraqi people from continuing their battle against the deposed regime and the gangs of criminal Baath party , and the terrorist al Qaeda organization , ' " al-Maliki said in a written statement . U.S. President Barack Obama called the attacks an attempt to derail progress in Iraq , and pledged to work closely with the country as it prepares for elections . Obama spoke with the prime minister and President Jalal Talabani to express his condolences and reiterate U.S. support . The August attacks led to tightened security in Baghdad , including the addition of blast walls and security checkpoints . Two years earlier , three truck bombings killed hundreds in Qahtaniya , in northern Iraq . Sunday 's attacks were the deadliest on Iraqi civilians since those blasts in August 2007 . Iraqis are supposed to go to the polls in January , but passage of an election law is needed first . Late Monday , Iraqi leaders reached tentative agreement on a draft of such a law . U.S. and Iraqi government officials say the election is a vital step in Iraqi efforts to solidify a democratic system in the post-Saddam Hussein era . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Mohammed Jamjoom , Saad Abedine and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report	Two blasts in Baghdad over the weekend killed more than 150 people One video view shows cars traveling around a traffic circle before a huge blast Another camera shows charred cars covered in debris from the other blast Sunday 's attacks were the deadliest on Iraqi civilians since August 2007
London  CNN  -- Former Barclays CEO Bob Diamond has hit back at British lawmakers who suggested he misled them over concerns voiced by the country 's financial regulators . CNN can also reveal that those very same regulators will now be called to testify next week alongside a key Barclays executive , who Diamond said had mistakenly told traders to lower their submissions to the London Interbank Offered Rate -- or Libor . Adair Turner , chairman of the Financial Services Authority watchdog , has been been called to the Treasury Select Committee Monday afternoon with the head of the FSA 's bank supervisory body Andrew Bailey , the man famous for warning Barclays of failings in its culture . Turner and Bailey will appear after panel members take a pre-arranged briefing from the Bank of England Governor Mervyn King . Officially King is slated to present the central bank 's quarterly update on the UK economy and interest rates . However , sources say the discussions are likely to focus heavily on the issue of Libor after King 's deputy Paul Tucker refuted suggestions he leaned on Barclays to lower its rate submissions . Jerry Del Missier , former Barclays Chief Operating Officer , will also give evidence Monday , in what is likely to be the most keenly watched testimony of all . Diamond 's right-hand man also quit last week after the bank was fined a record Â # 290 million  US$ 449 million  for fixing the interest rate floor upon which trillions of dollars worth of financial contracts are based . Diamond gives up $ 31 million bonuses Del Missier will come in for questioning about claims he misread an email from Diamond asking him to lower Libor submissions following a conversation between Diamond and Tucker . Questions also remain about whether or not Diamond was aware of correspondence between the FSA and Barclays about the bank 's alleged use of financial structures "  at the aggressive end of interpretation of the relevant rules . " At the time of writing , four out of the 13 lawmakers on the committee charged with investigating the Libor scandal said they would like to see Diamond be recalled to clarify his earlier statements . Inside Barclays : Morale at all time low In a letter obtained by CNN from Diamond to UK Treasury Select Committee Chairman Andrew Tyrie dated July 10 , the 60-year-old American-born banker seemed keen to get a second chance to speak . Diamond said the comments made at the hearing had had "  a terribly unfair impact " upon his reputation , a reputation which Diamond said was "  of paramount concern to me . " He added : ' I look forward to discussing this issue with you further if you wish to do so . " Yet those close to the parliamentary body say it is unlikely Diamond will have a second chance to put on a polished appearance because the committee is due to be reshuffled next week . "  It 's not the complexities of this that are the problem . It 's the evidence that 's the problem , " said one unnamed member . "  Also time is working against us . " Another doubted Diamond would become embroiled in the Serious Fraud Office 's recently launched Libor probe , even if sources at Barclays confirmed to CNN they are bound by Diamond 's contract to cover his legal costs , should he face any . All the while Diamond has waived his right to Â # 20 million  US$ 31 million  in deferred compensation and bonus payments , walking away instead with a tenth of that amount . John Mann MP , a lawmaker and member of the committee that interrogated Diamond last week , said : "  You only give up your job and your pay if you 've got no cards to play . "  This has never been how Bob Diamond has ever operated . " Bob E. Diamond Jr 's letter to Treasury Select Committee Chairman Andrew Tyrie July 10 , 2012 Dear Mr Tyrie , Having watched the Committee 's session today I was dismayed that you and some of your fellow Committee members appear to have suggested that I was less than candid with the Committee last week . Any such suggestion would be totally unfair and unfounded . The focus of your concern appears to relate to correspondence between Messrs. Turner and Agius in April 2012 . The questions asked of me , however , concerned the period of promotion in September 2010 and the board meeting I attended in February 2012 . As the letters of April 2012 make clear , those letters followed an April meeting between Messrs. Turner and Agius , which I did not attend . I was not asked about the April 2012 meeting nor was I asked about , nor shown , the follow up letter to that April meeting at our session . I trust this addresses any concerns you may have had . The comments made at today 's hearing have had a terribly unfair impact upon my reputation , which is of paramount concern to me . I look forward to discussing this issue with you further if you wish to do so . Yours sincerely , B. Diamond  signature	Bob Diamond : Comments made at hearing had had "  terribly unfair impact " upon his reputation Regulator Adair Turner and former Barclays COO Jerry Del Missier next to testify at UK parliament Diamond and Del Missier stepped down in the wake of the rate-rigging scandal Barclays was fined a record Â # 290 million  US$ 449 million  for fixing the interest rate floor
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. troops or contractors who commit "  major and premeditated murders " in Iraq while off-duty and outside U.S. facilities would fall under Iraqi jurisdiction , according to a copy of a draft U.S.-Iraq agreement obtained by CNN . Shiite demonstrators protest a proposed U.S.-Iraqi security pact Saturday in Baghdad . All other crimes -- including murders committed inside U.S. facilities or by on-duty forces -- would fall under American jurisdiction , according to the draft , which would govern U.S. troops ' presence in Iraq . The issue of whether U.S. troops would remain immune from Iraqi prosecution has been a sticky one for negotiators crafting the Status of Forces Agreement draft , which Iraqi lawmakers are reviewing . The United States had preferred its troops and contractors retain immunity . The draft also calls for U.S. combat troops to be out of Iraqi cities by July 30 , 2009 , and out of the country entirely by December 31 , 2011 . The agreement allows for an earlier withdrawal or an extension of the U.S. forces ' stay in Iraq , by agreement of both parties . It also allows the Iraqi government to "  request from the United States government to leave certain forces for training and for support purposes for the Iraqi forces . " The governments have been trying to get a deal before December 31 , when a U.N. mandate authorizing the U.S. troop presence in Iraq expires . Iraq 's ruling Shiite parliamentary bloc said Sunday it needs more time before it can approve the draft . The United Iraqi Alliance bloc found several "  points " in the draft that "  need more time for discussion , dialogue and amendments -LSB- to -RSB- some of its articles , " according to the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , the most powerful party in the bloc . It was unclear what specific "  points " the parliamentary bloc was questioning . Thousands of people marched in central Baghdad on Saturday to protest the draft U.S.-Iraqi security agreement . The political party of Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called for the rally . Watch marchers protest the agreement " Baghdad had sought the power to arrest and try Americans accused of crimes that are not related to official military operations , plus jurisdiction over troops and contractors who commit grave mistakes in the course of their duties . The United Iraqi Alliance on Sunday night discussed the draft , which was presented by Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , whose Dawa Party is also a member of the ruling bloc . Iraq 's Political Council for National Security needs to approve the draft before al-Maliki sends it to his cabinet . The council includes the leaders of various political blocs -- including the United Iraqi Alliance -- as well as Iraq 's president , prime minister , vice presidents , and speaker of parliament . If the cabinet passes the draft by a two-thirds majority , al-Maliki will submit it to the Iraqi parliament for approval . A senior Bush administration official said last week that the U.S. is examining "  contingencies " in case the Iraqi government is unable to sell the status-of-forces deal to the country 's various factions . If Iraq does not approve the deal , fallback options include "  a new U.N. Security Council resolution legally authorizing the extension of the U.S. footprint " or an "  informal agreement between the United States and the Iraqis , " the official told CNN last week . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the discussions . Other points covered in the draft agreement include Iraqi ownership of "  all the buildings , facilities and structures that can not be transported and are connected to the ground " and used by American forces . Such facilities will be returned to Iraq when the agreement expires , it says . Further , the agreement requires the United States to immediately return to Iraq any "  historic or cultural site " it discovers at facilities it is using . The agreement allows the United States to use whatever defensive systems it deems necessary in areas under its control . Yet it bars "  systems of weapons of mass destruction  chemical , nuclear , radiological , biological weapons and waste related to these weapons  . " The United States is to transfer control of Iraqi airspace to Iraq when the agreement goes into effect , although Iraq can ask for assistance for airspace control and surveillance . The agreement also covers environmental issues ; the comings and goings of troops in and out of Iraq ; movement of vehicles , planes and ships ; and the movement of equipment in and out of Iraq . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is lobbying Iraqi leaders to pass the draft text of the agreement by the end of the year , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said last week .	NEW : U.S.-Iraq draft : Troops committing murder in Iraq could face Iraqi prosecution Iraq 's ruling United Iraqi Alliance found several "  points " needing more discussion Ruling bloc did not make clear what issues they had regarding troop agreement
CNN  -- If you have to ask , you 're probably not on the list . U.S. President Barack Obama hosted his French counterpart , Francois Hollande , at a state dinner Tuesday night -- the first of his second term . The event is a highly coveted social soiree . The presidents were joined by Michelle Obama and the crÃ ¨ me de la crÃ ¨ me of Washington and Hollywood . The invite list is culled from recommendations from the President and first lady , top government officials , the Pentagon , members of Congress , the Supreme Court and the State Department . Movie stars and community and business leaders are also often asked to attend . Among this year 's invited guests were : J.J. Abrams , Bradley Cooper , Stephen Colbert , Julia Louis-Dreyfus , Jeff Zucker , president of CNN Worldwide , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan and Secretary of State John Kerry . Much like an awards show , guests streamed past a sea of cameras . Some stopped and talked to reporters . The first lady wore a billowing black and blue dress designed by Carolina Herrera , and greeted Hollande along with her husband on the steps outside . When the three came down a staircase inside , she walked behind the two men , because Hollande went to the dinner stag . The main event was to be held in a tent on the South Lawn of the White House . Attendees were expected to dine on four courses of American-grown haute cuisine : osetra caviar and quail eggs , a winter salad "  served in a wonderful glass bowl to make it look like a terrarium , " Colorado-raised beef and a chocolate dessert sourced from Obama 's native Hawaii . Before the dinner , the White House released the names and vintages of the wines poured at each course -- a change from the last few state dinners , which listed only "  American " bottles lest the price shock taxpayers . Reds from California and Washington State and a sparking wine from Virginia were the selections . None retail for more than $ 50 a bottle . It all sounds very fancy -- and it is -- but state dinners are n't just about pomp and pageantry , according to the White House . Real work gets done . "  Behind the festive exterior of the social scene , the important business of government goes on -- information is gathered -- opinions exchanged -- powerful connections made and appearances upheld . For these reasons White House invitations are the most important and the most sought after in the nation 's social whirl , " the White House website says . Obama and Hollande are in the midst of a diplomatic bromance as they face international challenges that include the Syrian civil war , Iran 's nuclear ambitions and economic malaise in Europe . A socialist elected in 2012 , Hollande arrived alone for the dinner after revelations in France of an affair with an actress and the subsequent end of his longtime relationship with Valerie Trierweiler , who was considered the equivalent of the French first lady even though the two were n't married . It 's not the first time a French president has come to Washington alone . Hollande 's predecessor , Nicolas Sarkozy , attended a formal dinner at the White House shortly after announcing his split from his previous wife . CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	The first lady wears a black and blue dress by Carolina Herrera The French President arrives at the dinner , as expected , alone The dinner marks the first state dinner of Obama 's second term
CNN  -- China 's energy imports are so fundamental to its survival and development that China 's new leadership has taken extraordinary steps to secure future supplies . In a flurry of official visits over the past two months involving President Xi Jinping , Premier Li Keqiang and Foreign Minister Wang Yi , China has sought to bolster its energy relations with big strategic neighbors Russia and India , key energy exporters Indonesia , Brunei and South Africa , emerging resources suppliers such as Tanzania and the Republic of Congo in Africa , and renewable energy pioneer Germany . In addition , China hosted a visit by Australian leader Julia Gillard , whose discussions with Xi and Li touched on clean energy expertise and the burgeoning resources trade between the two countries . China 's push for energy security and its willingness to buy assets around the globe may drive up costs for other energy importers like India , Japan , South Korea and Europe . They will have to compete with China through a combination of co-operation , conservation and technological advances . But Xi maintains that China 's investments are creating development opportunities for the rest of Asia and the world . "  The rest of Asia and the world can not enjoy prosperity and stability without China , " Xi told the Boao Forum held on the Chinese island of Hainan island last month . Next week , Xi will visit the oil and gas-rich countries of Mexico and Trinidad & Tobago . He will follow that with a two-day summit with U.S. President Barack Obama in California on June 7-8 , where a packed agenda of political and commercial issues almost certainly will touch on energy . China 's big three state-owned oil and gas entities CNPC , CNOOC and Sinopec already are investors in North American energy assets . There has been a spate of Chinese oil and gas investments in Africa , the Middle East , Russia and Australia -- part of a multi-pronged push for the world 's second largest economy to meet its energy needs . In Moscow , Xi and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed to cooperate on oil and gas pipeline developments from Siberia to China , while state-owned Rosneft struck a deal with China 's biggest oil and gas producer , China National Petroleum Corp , giving CNPC access to Arctic resources . CNPC also agreed to buy more oil from Rosneft under a new 25-year loan deal , and to work with Russia 's biggest gas exporter Gazprom on a new gas pipeline into China . "  Chinese-Russian cooperation in energy is manifold , comprehensive and full-fledged , " Xi said . But price , technology and the environment may all conspire to limit the China-Russia energy trade . The harsh operating conditions and environmental hazards of the Arctic may limit chances for cooperation . Big projects such as Yamal LNG in northwest Siberia are behind schedule because of the limited Arctic infrastructure . As the technology improves , China stands to benefit from gas and oil shipments via the Arctic Northern Sea Route , but that will require massive investments in icebreakers and ice strengthened tankers . READ MORE : China eyes Arctic options in energy , transport China is spreading its energy bets , not wanting to become too reliant on any one place given the volatile political situation in many energy-providing countries . Saudi Arabia has long been a valued supplier , as has Angola , while Iran and Iraq are coming back into contention . Sudan , Oman , Kuwait and Kazakhstan are other substantial exporters . Australia is emerging as a key provider to China of liquefied natural gas  LNG  from its North West Shelf operations -- where CNPC has invested 10 % of the future Browse project . North America could also become a competitive supplier of LNG after 2015 as a result of its shale gas bonanza that is rewriting the global energy trade outlook . CNPC and China 's two other main state-owned oil and gas entities , Sinopec and CNOOC , have invested in Canadian and U.S. oil and gas projects . China has its own substantial shale gas reserves in areas such as the Sichuan and Tarim basins , of which 36 trillion cubic meters could be recoverable , according to U.S. Energy Information Administration estimates . Besides government deals , China is leaning more on the expertise of international oil and gas majors . Shell has a government-approved production sharing contact with CNPC in a shale gas exploration block in the Sichuan basin . Chevron has begun a shale gas drilling program with Sinopec . ConocoPhillips , Total , BP and ExxonMobil also have shale aspirations in China . In the meantime , gas piped from Central Asia has been a mainstay of China 's economy . This year Turkmenistan will pump more gas through its 1830 kilometer Central Asian Gas Pipeline to China . Last October , CNPC began work on one of China 's biggest infrastructure projects , the $ 20 billion , 5000-kilometer pipeline from Xinjiang in the northwest to Fujian province on China 's southeast coast . Completion is expected in 2015 , and most of the gas will come from Central Asia , with about 5 billion cubic meters from Xinjiang . Later this year , there will be another option when the new 770 kilometer gas pipeline from Myanmar 's Kyaukpyu port in the Bay of Bengal to Kunming in Yunnan province is expected to becoming operational , supplying up to 12 billion cubic meters a year of gas drawn mainly from Myanmar 's offshore fields . All of these developments underpin one fundamental fact : China 's appetite for energy is voracious , and growing .	China 's new leader has taken extraordinary steps to secure future energy supplies President Xi Jinping 's first state visit was to ink an energy deal with Russia Follows a spate of Chinese oil and gas investments in Africa , the Middle East and Australia China overtook the United States as the world 's biggest energy user in 2009
CNN  -- At least 24 people were killed in cities across Syria during a government crackdown Saturday against those in opposition to President Bashar al-Assad , according to a U.K.-based human rights group . Gunfire and explosions could be heard in the western Syrian city of Homs , as residents contended with fuel shortages and power outages throughout the day , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . CNN can not independently confirm accounts from the ground in Syria because the government has not provided access to Western media . Also Saturday , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said that al-Assad had passed the "  point of no return -- no way that he will resume his authority or legitimacy over his people . " "  I think that the world response ... these are real signals that there is acceleration toward the end of this regime , " he said , citing the responses of the Arab League and Jordan . The clashes come the same day as a deadline set by the 22-member Arab League to put forth a peace plan meant to stem violence against protesters which has resulted in months of bloodshed . Earlier this week , Syria accepted "  in principle " the alliance 's plan to permit observers into the country to verify whether the regime has taken measures to protect civilians , a senior Arab diplomat said Friday . Originally , 500 observers were believed to be destined for Syria . But on Friday , Arab Doctors Association Head Ibrahim Zafarani said he received an email from Arab League officials that indicated only 40 names would be submitted . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Friday afternoon that the proposed number had been reduced to 40 . Last week , the league 's 22 nations voted to suspend Syria 's membership , but later gave Damascus three days to implement a protocol to allow observers to enter the nation . International pressure has since been mounting against al-Assad over his regime 's bloody crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators , amid concerns that violence in Syria is escalating . CNN 's Yasmin Amer contributed to this report .	NEW : President Bashar al-Assad has passed the "  point of no return , " says an Israeli minister 24 people are killed during clashes in Syria , a rights groups says The violence coincides with an Arab League deadline International pressure has been mounting against al-Assad
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It does n't have the brutality of rugby or the physical intimidation of a boxing match , yet sailing is still one of the most dangerous sports in the world . Capsized : This French catamaran flipped near New Zealand while attempting to win the Jules Verne Trophy . This danger is never more evident than in the epic Volvo Ocean Race . The round-the-world event which begins this month in Alicante , Spain , always throws up its fair share of drama as the crews face all types of conditions right through to the race finish around July 2009 . To give an idea of the extreme dangers this year 's crews will face over the coming nine months , here is a look at some of the worst tragedies to strike yacht racing . There 's no question about it : this is no sport for the faint-hearted . September 2008 Régates Royales-Trophée Panerai Death toll : One Wilfrid Tolhurst was killed during the famous Régates Royales-Trophée Panerai yacht race off Cannes that sees the major classic yachts in the Mediterranean gather . Skippering the eight-meter yacht , Safir , in the coastal race , Tolhurst was struck by the boat 's falling mast that broke off under the impact of a collision with another boat , Rowdy . Although rescue crews reacted quickly to bring the skipper ashore , nothing could be done to save his life . A police inquiry is currently in progress to determine the cause of the incident . September 2008 Sean Whiston Perpetual Cup Race Death toll : One Kenneth Jones  46  lost his life while sailing in a race from Wicklow to the Poolbeg Yacht Club in Dublin , Ireland . It was not clear what caused the incident , however , a mayday was issued by the yacht Allanah , stating that there was ' a man in the water . ' Jones was lifted from the water and transferred to Tallaght Hospital where he later died . May 2006 Volvo Ocean Race Death toll : One During the seventh leg of the race Hans Horrevoets , 32 , of The Netherlands was swept overboard from ABN Amro Two in heavy seas . Although he was recovered from the water , attempts to resuscitate him were not successful . The savage storm that hit the fleet could easily have claimed more lives . The crew of Movistar abandoned ship after the aft end of their keel pivot broke away from their hull in the night -- less than 48 hours after Horrevoets died . The crew transferred to ABN Amro Two which had been standing by and was escorted by HMS Mersey back to land . December 1998 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : Six One of the saddest events in yachting history began at Sydney Harbor on December 26 , 1998 , when the annual Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race set off . Fierce storms and violent winds battered the 115-strong fleet in the famously tough event off the eastern coast of Australia and only 44 boats made it to the finish line at Hobart . Met by the massive storms , five boats sank , 66 boats retired from the race , six sailors died , and 55 sailors were taken off their yachts , most by helicopter . Among those who died were ; Mike Bannister  Winston Churchill  , Glyn Charles  Sword of Orion  , John Dean  Winston Churchill  , Bruce Guy  Business Post Naiad  , Jim Lawler  Winston Churchill  , Phillip Skeggs  Business Post Naiad  . The vessels ; Winston Churchill , VC Offshore Stand Aside , Sword of Orion , Miintinta , and Midnight Special all sank . 1989 Whitbread Round the World Race Death toll : One Competing boat Creighton 's Naturally suffered a serious broach in the early hours of one morning during the second leg of the race , at about three in the morning . Crew members Anthony  Tony  Philips and Bart van den Dwey were swept over board . Both were pulled back on deck and although Van den Dwey was successfully resuscitated , after three hours of trying , crew members could not revive Philips . Several days later , by radio agreement with his relatives , Philips was buried at sea . December 1989 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One Peter Taylor , crew member aboard BP Flying Colours suffered fatal head injuries when a runner on his vessel broke and the rig collapsed in gale-force south westerly winds . December 1988 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One In another grueling race 38 of the 119 starters retired , nearly half of them with broken masts or damaged rigging . Ray Crawford aboard Billabong was killed . December 1984 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One Wally Russell of Yahoo II died during the 1984 edition of the race , which was hit by a low pressure system that created two different swell patterns . August 1979 Fastnet Yacht Race Death toll : Fifteen Huge storms in the Irish Sea wreaked havoc on more than 300 yachts taking part in the biennial race , resulting in 15 deaths and one of the worst yacht race disasters of all time . The race was well regarded after being established in 1925 , and in 1979 was the climax of the five-race Admiral 's Cup competition . As the storms battered the fleet , naval ships , lifeboats , commercial boats , and helicopters from the west side of the English Channel were brought to aid what was the largest peace-time rescue operation . The rescue effort saw 125 sailors , whose boats had been caught in force 11 storm strength wind gusts , taken to safety , while 15 people could not be saved . In total 69 yachts did not finish the race . December 1975 Sydney to Hobart Race Death toll : One Zilvergeest III 's Hugh  Barry  Vallance was killed during the 1975 event , despite reasonably good sailing conditions . September 1973 Whitbread Round the World Race Death toll : Three The first race started off from Portsmouth , England on September 8 , 1973 . Seventeen yachts of various sizes and shapes took part . During the race three sailors were swept over board and died : Paul Waterhouse , Dominique Guillet and Bernie Hosking . Waterhouse and Guillet were never to be seen again .	Volvo Ocean Race begins in Alicantes , Spain in October Sailors have died in yacht races as recently as September of this year The 1979 Fastnet yacht race saw 15 people die in huge storms
Signing up for Obamacare has become a part-time job for Susan Lane . Starting the minute healthcare.gov went live October 1 , Lane spent five to six hours a day trying to make the site work before she finally managed to enroll two weeks later . She faced error messages and blank screens . The green twirly "  please wait " circle literally haunted her dreams . "  There were days that I would just completely lose my temper with it , " she remembers . "  I 'd want to just slam my laptop down . " But Lane kept with it because she needs insurance -- badly . She suffers from depression , sleep apnea and thyroid problems , and her daughter has Asperger 's syndrome . She was "  immediately relieved " when she signed up on healthcare.gov because before Obamacare , no insurance companies would take them with their pre-existing conditions . Their medical bills totaled hundreds of thousands of dollars and ate up the family 's life savings , and the Lanes declared bankruptcy earlier this year . Healthcare.gov homepage gets makeover "  I wanted the coverage , and I was bound and determined to get it , " Lane said from her Florida home . But will everyone else -- especially healthy people -- be determined enough to stick with healthcare.gov ? Will they spend five hours a day trying to make a website work when they are n't motivated by mounting medical bills ? Obama administration officials have said they need about 2.7 million young , healthy people to sign up -- and that they fully expect them to join at the very last minute . Without those healthy people , Obamacare could be in trouble , since an insurance pool only works well when healthy people , who pay premiums but use few services , are in it to help offset the costs of people like Lane and her daughter . "  It 's incredibly important to have young people in the  insurance  exchanges in the long term , " said Caroline Pearson , a vice president at Avalere Health , a healthcare strategy group . "  And the glitches on the website do n't help the situation at all . " Eventually -- hopefully -- healthcare.gov will become a workable site . But some worry that even then , the website will have been branded as problematic and time-consuming , and some healthy people will prefer to pay the fine for being uninsured , which in many cases is significantly lower than the cost of buying insurance . Official : Obamacare website ` fixable ' by end of November "  Is that perception of this flawed website going to stick with the public , or is it something that can be gotten over ? " asked Michael Perry , a partner at PerryUndem , which does surveying and marketing to young people about health care . "  If it sticks , that 's going to be a problem . "	Susan Lane made it her mission to sign up on healthcare.gov Lane and her family badly needed insurance But will young , healthy people go to such trouble ?
CNN  -- For Titanic enthusiasts , it 's a last chance to glimpse the famous cruise liner in its final resting place , a full 100 years after the vessel 's tragic demise . A series of expeditions by marine dive specialists Deep Ocean Expeditions  DOE  will take paying tourists to the wreck site 12,000 feet below the surface of the North Atlantic Ocean in early July . The British company has been running Titanic tours since 1998 but expedition leader Rob McCallum says the forthcoming trips will likely be their last . There are currently no other organizations that offer commercial forays to the Titanic , meaning this summer 's voyages could also be the last to cater to the paying public . "  We actually finished the Titanic dives in 2005 but it 's the centenary year and we had so many requests to make the trip that we decided to do it one more time , " says McCallum . "  Now that the last survivor has passed I just think it 's time to move on ... we 've been to Titanic 197 times and it 's time to do other things , " he adds . See also : Deep sea tourism , voyage to the bottom of the sea Three separate Deep Ocean Expedition  DOE  trips are already fully booked to set sail from Saint Johns , Newfoundland , catering to 20 paying guests a time and lasting for 12 days each . It will take a day and a half sailing time to reach the dive site and once there lectures will be given to prepare divers for the rigors of the deep sea . A Mir submersible chartered from the Russian Academy of Sciences -- one of the only vehicles sturdy and technologically advanced enough to reach such depths -- will then make a series of visits to the wreck site . "  Dives take between 10 and 12 hours to complete , " says McCallum . "  It takes two hours to get down and two hours to get back . That gives  at least  six hours down on the wreck looking around , " he adds . See also : Did the moon sink the Titanic ? Divers are able explore the outer regions of both the bow and stern sections of the fractured vessel -- which are situated three quarters of a mile apart on the ocean floor -- as well as peer into the ship 's inner sanctum , says McCallum . "  It is an emotional experience , " he says describing the sight of the Titanic first coming into view . "  It is just such a big vessel . There is something about Titanic in terms of her majesty and her grace . She was the pinnacle of human engineering achievement at that time , " he adds . See also : 100 years later , Titanic 's allure still strong Although heavily involved in organizing and planning the trip for DOE , McCallum has only ever been able to take the plunge to the Titanic once . At a cost of $ 59,000 per person , doing so makes the experience "  a once in a lifetime " adventure for most , he says . Yet despite the hefty price tag , it is not just the super wealthy who are keen to climb aboard , adds McCallum . He explains that there are just as many people on middle incomes , who are enthusiasts or have a historic link to the ship , that save up for years so they can make the journey . See also : The Titanic up for auction "  They are driven by a passion , " says McCallum . "  Sometimes it 's a link to Titanic , to relationships with someone that was on board or in the construction or operation of the vessel . " "  Other times there are people of an engineering bent , and occasionally it is not people who are interested in the wreck , they are just interested in getting two and half miles below the surface to see what 's there , " he adds . No matter what the individual reasons may be , almost all who make the trip are humbled by what they experience , says McCallum . For them , "  To actually see the Titanic and to explore it is the culmination of a dream , " he says . Unless another company comes along with a viable plan to continue the commercial voyages , however , McCallum believes it likely that future generations will be unable to indulge their varying Titanic curiosities first hand . "  If someone wanted to try it , good luck to them , " McCallum says . "  Unless you are already substantially invested within deep-water explorations , I find it likely that ... . it would be too much of a challenge , " he adds .	A series of dive expeditions will take tourists to the wreck of the Titanic this summer Enthusiasts can pay $ 59,000 to reserve a place on one of the dive trips The company running the tours says it is unlikely to do so again
CNN  -- In his first major cycling event since his doping admission , Lance Armstrong says he still anticipates fallout from the scandal that erased his Tour de France victories . But he 's "  a big boy " and can handle it . Armstrong admitted this year for the first time that he doped throughout his cycling career . His admission , after years of defiantly shunning such allegations , was followed by a brief disappearance from the limelight . The disgraced cyclist on Monday attended the Register 's Annual Great Bicycle Ride Across Iowa , his first major cycling event since his admission . In an interview with the Des Moines Register , he said the event 's attendees have been supportive . Froome : Cycling 's doping past wo n't overshadow Tour triumph "  I did n't expect a wave of hostility ... so far there 's not been any middle fingers , " he told the paper . "  But it may happen , and I 'm prepared for that . That 's just the nature of the story , and I understand that . " Armstrong admitted in January that he used an array of performance-enhancing drugs to fuel his seven Tour victories . Fast Facts : Performance-enhancing drugs in sport They included testosterone , human growth hormone and blood transfusions to excel in the highly competitive world of cycling , he said in an interview with Oprah Winfrey . Some cycling fans expressed feelings of betrayal after his admission , which included confessions that he bullied those who tried to bring the allegations to light . Others argued that his cancer survival story inspired millions and his charity , Livestrong , helped those battling the disease . But for many , he said , his doping remains a sensitive topic . "  I think it 's a polarizing topic for some people . I 'm not ignorant when it comes to that , " he told the paper . "  I know it was an unfortunate period in our sport . When I say period , I mean 10 , 15 , 20 years , and unfortunately for me , I came right smack dab in the middle of that period . " However , he told the paper , he was not prepared for the backlash that followed his admission . Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission "  The reaction and fallout was more than I expected ... but that 's life . I 'm a big boy . Again , a polarizing topic that left a lot of people stumped . It was n't a pretty time . I did n't invent it . I did n't end it . My bad for playing along . " Born in Texas , Armstrong , 41 , started professional cycling at a young age . But his sporting career ground to a halt in 1996 , when he was diagnosed with testicular cancer at age 25 . His 1999 Tour de France win seemed all the more extraordinary after he fought off a disease that had spread to his lungs , abdomen and brain . He went on to get more straight wins until 2005 . He then left the sport , only to return four years later and finish third . Armstrong was stripped of his Tour titles and banned from professional sports for life by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency . The man who exposed Lance Armstrong 's doping lies His reputation is in tatters , and the cycling victories that made him a legend are now wiped away . He has been asked to repay millions of dollars to a host of organizations , including the French Cycling Federation . However , his biggest concern is his five children and their reaction to his fall from grace . His youngest , ages 2 and 4 , are especially vulnerable , he said . "  They 're going to grow up into a time where everything is forever . Everything will be on YouTube ; everything will be cataloged . So forever , they 'll live with it , " he said . "  That 's my job to try and walk the line with them now . " Armstrong continues his ride Tuesday , his final day at the weeklong event .	"  I did n't invent it ; I did n't end it . My bad for playing along , " Armstrong says of doping Iowa appearance is his first public event on a bike since his doping admission in January He says his main concern is his children and their reaction to his fall from grace
