A woman who accused Bright Eyes singer Conor Oberst of raping her when she was a teenager a decade ago now says she made the story up . Joan Faircloth sent a notarized statement to Oberst 's lawyer Monday recanting what she wrote online starting last December . "  The statements I made and repeated online and elsewhere over the past six months accusing Conor Oberst of raping me are 100 % false , " the Durham , North Carolina , woman wrote . "  I made up those lies about him to get attention while I was going through a difficult period in my life and trying to cope with my son 's illness . " The allegations were "  republished by countless media outlets around the world , thus further perpetuating the untrue depiction of Oberst as a rapist , " said a defamation lawsuit filed by Oberst against Faircloth in February . "  To add insult to injury , certain media outlets published stories in which Faircloth 's defamatory false statements were characterized as true , and in which Oberst 's fans were actually encouraged to stop supporting his musical career . " Court records show that Faircloth never responded to Oberst 's lawsuit , which called her a "  pathological liar " and asked for at least $ 1 million in damages . A judge issued a default judgment in Oberst 's favor earlier this month . Faircloth 's story was first published in December on the website OXJane.com under the title "  It Happened to Me : I Dated a Famous Rock Star & All I Got Was Punched in the Face , " the lawsuit said . Faircloth wrote that Oberst "  took advantage of my teenage crush on him " when she was introduced to him at a concert when she was 16 and he was in his 20s . She wrote that " Conor took a lot from me including my virginity , my dignity and self esteem . " Faircloth later published statements saying that the singer 's attorneys offered her "  hush money " to keep quiet about the rape . Her statement on Monday recanted all of her claims . "  I publicly retract my statements about Conor Oberst , and sincerely apologize to him , his family , and his fans for writing such awful things about him , " Faircloth wrote . "  I realize that my actions were wrong and could undermine the claims of actual sexual assault victims and for that I also apologize . I 'm truly sorry for all the pain that I caused . " Oberst , 34 , is described by Rolling Stone as "  a pain-strumming poet of emo . " His group Bright Eyes first found success in 2002 with the album "  Lifted or The Story Is in the Soil , Keep Your Ear to the Ground . " The singer-songwriter did not immediately to CNN 's request for comment on Faircloth 's retraction . Bright Eyes ' ` The People 's Key ' review	Accuser : "  I made up those lies about him to get attention " Conor Oberst sued Joan Faircloth for defamation after she published her story A judge issued a default judgment in Oberst 's favor earlier this month Rolling Stone calls Oberst "  a pain-strumming poet of emo "
Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman , who was found dead February 2 on the bathroom floor of his New York apartment with a syringe in his left arm , died of acute mixed drug intoxication , including heroin , cocaine , benzodiazepines and amphetamine , the New York medical examiner 's office said Friday . The manner of death was ruled an accident , the medical examiner 's office said in a statement . Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , said that as addicts take mixtures of drugs more chronically , they may not necessarily feel the effects of the narcotics , which still suppress the respiratory system . "  They 're not feeling it , but it 's still having an impact on their ability to breathe , and that 's the real problem , " he said . "  It 's called stacking . You can stack the same drug too close together , or you can start to stack other drugs , one on top of the other . That 's how people get into trouble . They do call it accidental death as well . " Police found nearly 50 envelopes branded "  Ace of Spades " filled with what they believe was heroin in the actor 's Manhattan apartment , two law enforcement sources familiar with the inquiry said . Used syringes , prescription drugs and empty bags that authorities suspect were used to hold heroin also were found in the apartment where Hoffman , 46 , was found dead , sources said . He was expected to pick up his children that day but did n't show up , the official said . Playwright David Katz and another person went to the apartment and found him dead , the official said . Police officers found him in a T-shirt and shorts with his eyeglasses still on his head . Robert Vineberg , a 57-year-old musician , was arrested in connection with Hoffman 's death and released on bail earlier this month . Vineberg was among four people arrested in Manhattan in the days after Hoffman 's death . Prosecutors said Vineberg , who was arrested on a felony charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance , had just under 50 small bags of heroin as well as packaging paraphernalia in his apartment during a raid . In another one of his apartments in the same Mott Street building , prosecutors said , 250 small bags of heroin were found . Vineberg was found to have the actor 's phone number stored in his cell phone , a law enforcement official told CNN . Two other people arrested in connection with Hoffman 's death -- Juliana Luchkiw and Max Rosenblum , both 22 -- were released earlier this month until their next court dates . Prosecutors did not file charges against a fourth person arrested in the raid . Hoffman was mourned in New York February 7 in a star-studded private funeral attended by family and close friends . Hoffman , who was nominated for Academy Awards four times , won the Oscar for best actor in 2006 for his portrayal of writer Truman Capote in "  Capote . " He earned Academy Award nominations for roles in "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " "  Doubt , " and "  The Master . "	Academy Award-winning actor was found dead February 2 with a needle in his arm Coroner says he died of acute mixed drug intoxication Dr. Sanjay Gupta says chronic drug users may not necessarily feel effects of drugs
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama has signed a law that specifically bans so-called "  crush videos " -- depictions of small animals being tortured to death by humans . The legislation came in response to a Supreme Court ruling this year striking down a broader congressional law dealing with animal cruelty . The Animal Crush Video Prohibition Act criminalizes the creation , sale , and marketing of these specific kinds of videos , which lawmakers had labeled as "  obscene . " Penalties of up to seven years in prison would be possible . The videos mostly depict women -- with their faces unseen -- stomping helpless animals such as rabbits to death with spiked-heel shoes or with their bare feet . The videos apparently satisfy a sexual fetish for those who produce and watch them , said animal rights activists who supported the new bill . "  By cracking down on the creation and distribution of crush videos , this bipartisan law effectively protects both animals and free speech , " said Sen. Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon , one of the co-sponsors of the bill . Sens. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , and Richard Burr , R-North Carolina , also helped draft the legislation . Supporters said the high court ruling opened the door for Congress to craft a "  narrowly tailored " bill aimed at banning this specific type of commercial activity . "  We are thankful that countless animals will now be spared from intentional torture for sick entertainment and profit , " said Wayne Pacelle of the Humane Society of the United States , which has worked for years to stop the mostly underground activity . The justices by an 8-1 margin struck down a broader 1999 federal law designed to stop the sale and marketing of videos showing dogfighting and other acts of animal cruelty , saying it was an unconstitutional violation of free speech . That specific case dealt with a Virginia man who sold videos of dogs fighting each other at an overseas location . But the lone dissenter , Justice Samuel Alito focused his attention on crush videos . "  The animals used in crush videos are living creatures that experience excruciating pain . Our society has long banned such cruelty , " he said . The courts , he said , have "  erred in second-guessing the legislative judgment about the importance of preventing cruelty to animals . " Alito at the time predicted mores crush videos would soon flood the underground market , because the ruling has "  the practical effect of legalizing the sale of such videos . " Lawmakers had promised to craft bills banning those types of videos . It was unclear if further legal challenges would result , following the president signing it into law . When it came to dog-fighting videos , "  The First Amendment itself reflects a judgment by the American people that the benefits of its restrictions on the government outweigh its costs , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . He concluded Congress had not sufficiently shown "  depictions " of dogfighting were enough to justify a special category of exclusion from free speech protection . Nearly every state and local jurisdiction have their own laws banning mistreatment of wild and domesticated animals , and usually handle prosecutions Several media organizations had supported Robert Stevens -- the man behind the dogfighting videos -- worrying the federal law could implicate reports about deer hunting , and depictions of bullfighting in Ernest Hemingway novels . Stevens has defended his dogfighting videos as educational in nature , and has said the confrontations themselves did not violate any state laws since they were taped overseas . The Humane Society , other animal rights groups , and 26 states backed the government 's original high court challenge appeal . If that 11-year-old law had been upheld , it would have been only the second time the Supreme Court had identified a form of speech undeserving of protection by the First Amendment . The justices in 1982 banned the distribution of child pornography . There was no immediate criticism of the president 's action , but even this new more narrowly written law may face future legal challenges . The crush videos do not specifically depict a sexual act , and so there may be questions over whether the videos are in fact "  obscene , " at least by traditional legal and social standards . The justices are currently considering a separate case dealing with so-called "  violent " video games , and a California law that would ban the sale of such material to minors . The high court is being asked to treat violent material -- as defined by the state -- the same as obscene material , when imposing restrictions on their sale .	President Obama signs bill to ban "  crush videos " Lawmakers have called such videos obscene U.S. Supreme Court struck down a broader law in dogfighting case
Amanda Knox describes her strange actions after her roommate 's murder as the behavior of a "  tone-deaf girl in a trauma " during a wide-ranging and at times tearful interview that aired Tuesday . Knox , whose memoir , "  Waiting to be Heard , " has been equally panned and applauded , said she also hopes to earn Meredith Kercher 's parents ' forgiveness and , one day , permission to visit her study-abroad roommate 's gravesite . "  My need for justice for myself is not in contradiction with theirs , " she said during the ABC interview . " -LSB- I hope -RSB- that eventually I can have their permission to pay respects . " Knox and boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were convicted in the 2007 rape and slashing death of 21-year-old Kercher at Knox and Kercher 's apartment in Perugia , Italy . A jury overturned the conviction in 2011 , and Knox flew home to Seattle . An Italian appeals court overturned Knox 's acquittal earlier this year , but experts disagree over whether the U.S. State Department will extradite her to be retried . Kercher 's parents have repeatedly said they simply want the truth surrounding their daughter 's death . They said after Knox 's exoneration that they were not yet ready to reach out to the now-25-year-old , who says she 'd like to be re-evaluated as someone other than "  Foxy Knoxy . " Knox opens her memoir with her reaction to the Italian court 's verdict and sentencing during the 2009 trial . Opinion : What Amanda Knox can and ca n't tell us "  Over all the noise and confusion , I could hear my sister and mother sobbing . My legs could n't support me . The guards held me up by my armpits and carried me , crumpled , out of the courtroom . In the chaos of my shattered world , I never heard the judge sentence me : ` Twenty-six years . ' Done . It was done , " she wrote . During Tuesday 's interview with Diane Sawyer , Knox provided details of her reaction after the murder , a response that would be key to the prosecution painting her as a sex-mad killer with no emotions . Knox explains how she was drawn to Sollecito because he reminded her of Harry Potter and how they stayed in smoking marijuana , having sex and watching "  Amelie " the night Kercher was killed . "  We smoked . We had sex . We were together . We just hung out together . We made faces at each other . We were being silly and together , " Knox recalled . "  I had smoked a joint with Raffaele , and what that did to my memories was it made them less concrete , but it did n't black them out and it did n't change them . " When she got up the next morning , she went home to bathe because Sollecito had a "  crummy shower . " When she got home , she ignored the open front door because the latch was sometimes broken . The "  speckles of blood " in the sink ? She just figured they were something Kercher had failed to clean up , or perhaps it was from her own newly pierced ears , she said . "  I had never before experienced anything in my life that was drastic . I did n't think , ` Oh my God , someone 's been in here and murdered someone , ' " she said . After Kercher 's murder , Knox was filmed smooching on Sollecito outside the murder scene . At the police station , Knox reportedly sat on Sollecito 's lap , making faces . She told Kercher 's friends she must have suffered . "  How could she not ? She got her f *** ing throat slit , " she reportedly said . Analysis : Case was complicated , confusing mess Knox told Sawyer that , at the time , she was thinking that under different circumstances it could have been her dead in the house . She felt lost , alone , vulnerable , she said . "  I wish I would 've been more mature about it . ... I think everyone 's reaction to something horrible is different , " she said . "  My friend had been murdered , and it could have just as easily been me . Somehow she died in the house where we were living , and it could 've been me . " Reminded of some of the monikers applied to her by the ever-colorful Italian tabloids -- "  she-devil with an angel face , " "  heartless manipulator , " "  sphinx of Perugia " -- she teared up . "  I have n't heard those . I mean , I 've heard the gist of them , and they 're wrong . " She further said she does n't know anything about the case that she has n't shared with police or written in her memoir . "  I was n't there , " Knox told Sawyer , referring to the night of Kercher 's murder . Knox 's book , for which she was reportedly given a $ 3.8 million advance , has drawn quite opposite reactions from readers . Reviews have ranged from complimentary , noting that the tales of police corruption and lesbian prison guards harassing her will make it a big seller , to indifference . On Amazon , its dozens of reviewers were diametrically split , with only two reviewers as of Wednesday afternoon giving the book a rating other than one or five stars . Barbie Latza Nadeau , Rome bureau chief for Newsweek and author of "  Angel Face : Sex , Murder , and the Inside Story of Amanda Knox , " told CNN that Knox 's book demonstrates she has a "  selective memory . " "  She really glossed over the night of the murder , " Nadeau said , explaining she read the book hoping to hear why Knox 's and Sollecito 's alibis were so incongruous and fluid . Knox told Sawyer she 's much different from the girl who in 2009 , as she explains in her memoir , "  walked into the ancient Perugian courtroom , where centuries of verdicts had been handed down , praying that a tradition of justice would protect me now . " "  I 'm not quite as chirpy anymore , " she said . After viewing a video her sister made before she left for Perugia , in which a fresh-faced Knox says with a playful grin how attractive she finds guys , Sawyer asked what she would tell the youngster on the tape . "  I want to tell her not to be afraid of what 's going to happen because what happened to me hit me like a train , and there was nothing I could do to stop it . "	Amanda Knox tells ABC that she wants to one day visit the gravesite of Meredith Kercher Knox and boyfriend acquitted in Kercher 's murder , but appeals court wants her retried The night of Kercher 's murder , Knox smoked pot , but it did n't cloud her memory , she says Interview comes on heels of memoir , for which Knox was reportedly paid $ 3.8 million
CNN  -- Taking a cue from Twitter , Facebook will be rolling out "  verified accounts " for its most popular users -- presumably hoping to encourage the Lady Gagas of the world to get active on the site . Starting Thursday , the site began testing a system that lets people with a large number of subscribers submit a government ID to prove they really are who they say they are . "  This update makes it even easier for subscribers to find and keep up with journalists , celebrities and other public figures they want to connect to , " a Facebook spokesman said in an e-mail . Once verified , a user will be able to "  more prominently display an alternate name  nickname , maiden name , byline , etc.  on their timelines in addition to their real name . " Unlike Twitter , Facebook has required users to register under their real names . So , now presumably Stefani Germanotta can be Lady Gaga on Facebook , Declan McManus can be Elvis Costello , and Madonna Louise Ciccone can share photos of her Super Bowl performance using just her first name . Twitter , which lets folks create an account using any handle they want , has long had "  verified " accounts for public figures to distinguish the real people and their tweets from the impersonators . While at one point users could request one , the site now makes its own decisions about who gets the coveted check-mark . The nickname issue has been a thorny one for social-networking sites like Facebook that stake their brand  and target their advertising  based on people using their real identities . Last month , Google 's upstart networking site , Google + , settled the issue with a compromise similar to Facebook 's -- allowing people to display a nickname or other pseudonym alongside their real name . In the early going , Google + had taken flak from early adopters , some of whom were booted for signing up with names that were not real . Many of those people argued they were more widely known by nicknames on the Web . Celebrities , sports stars , journalists and the like who have been verified by Facebook will now get more prominent display on the site 's "  People To Subscribe To " list . Facebook has been allowing subscriptions for about five months . They let users share information with anyone who chooses to subscribe to their feeds without having to actually become Facebook friends with them .	Facebook is rolling out "  verified accounts " on Thursday System will let people with lots of subscribers apply to be verified Those people also will be allowed to prominently display stage names , nicknames
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William is engaged to Kate Middleton , and has given her the engagement ring his late mother Diana , Princess of Wales , got from his father , Prince Charles , he said Tuesday . "  It 's my mother 's enagagment ring , so of course it 's very special to me , and Kate 's now very special to me , so it was only right to put the two together , " he said Tuesday . The ring , a huge sapphire surrounded by diamonds , was last seen in public on the day Charles and Diana divorced , royal biographer Mark Saunders told CNN . That was in 1996 . Tuesday 's announcement ends years of speculation about whether and when the prince would propose to his longtime girlfriend . The prince and Middleton , both 28 , have been dating since 2003 . Rumors have been rife for years that they were close to marriage . "  It was the right time and i 'm very glad to have done it , " William said in an appearance with Middleton . She said she had not always known he would propose . "  We had spoken about our future , " she said . "  It just seemed a natural step for both of us . " "  We 're obviously thrilled , " said Prince Charles , as he toured Poundbury , an urban development project in Cornwall , with Atlanta , Georgia , Mayor Kasim Reed . "  They 've been practicing long enough . " "  They make a lovely couple , they 're great fun to be with and we 've had a lot of laughs together , " said Middleton 's parents , Michael and Carole Middleton . "  We 've got to know William really well . We all think he 's wonderful and we 're extremely fond of him . We wish them every happiness for the future . " The wedding will take place in London in the spring or summer of 2011 , said a statement from Clarence House , William 's home near Buckingham Palace . It said further details would be announced "  in due course . " "  Prince William and Miss Middleton became engaged in October during a private holiday in Kenya , " the statement said . "  Prince William has informed the queen and other close members of his family . Prince William has also sought the permission of Miss Middleton 's father . "  Following the marriage , the couple will live in north Wales , where Prince William will continue to serve with the Royal Air Force . " Buckingham Palace released a statement shortly afterward , saying Queen Elizabeth II and her husband , Prince Philip , are "  absolutely delighted for them both . " Clarence House refused to say what Middleton will be called after she gets married , saying any styles and titles are at the discretion of the queen . William is second line to the British throne after his father , Prince Charles . Queen Elizabeth is William 's grandmother . He met Middleton in 2002 when both were students at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland . They started dating a year later . Prince William studied geography and Middleton studied history of art before both graduated in 2005 . William was originally in the same art program but changed to geography ; Middleton was widely credited with persuading him to change course rather than drop out . They first appeared as a couple on a skiing trip in Switzerland while still at the university . British Prime Minister David Cameron said he spoke to Prince William after the news was announced and passed on his congratulations . "  He was extremely excited about the news and thrilled about what lies in store , " Cameron said . "  It 's great to have a piece of unadulterated good news that everyone can celebrate , " he added . "  I 'm sure it will be something where the country will come together . ... It 's two young people who love each other who 've made this decision , and it 's a fantastically important and exciting moment for them , too . " Middleton grew up in Bucklebury , England , a small village about 45 miles west of central London . Her parents are millionaire entrepreneurs who run Party Pieces , an online children 's party supplies business . After university , Middleton worked in London as an accessories buyer for the British clothing chain Jigsaw but left the company in late 2007 . Media reports said she was interested in opening a photography gallery . News reports since August have said she is working with her parents ' business . Prince William has a military career and is active in several charities . In September , he graduated from a military search-and-rescue training course and was posted to RAF Valley , the station on the island of Anglesey in north Wales . He is known as Flight Lieutenant Wales within the RAF . Middleton lives with her fiance at a house in Anglesey , giving them some privacy from the press and paparazzi , said Eve Pollard , a former editor of the Sunday Mirror newspaper . The choice of 2011 as the year for the wedding makes sense , she said , because the Olympic Games take place in London in 2012 , the same year the queen plans to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee , marking 60 years on the throne . "  Next year was always marked in as the year , " Pollard said . Nicholas Davies , the author of "  William : The Rebel Prince , " said he thinks William was pressured to come through with the engagement . "  I do believe this came down from the queen and Prince Philip , who is still a very strong character despite his venerable age , " Davies told CNN . "  They would have said , ` This has gone on long enough . The press knows you 're getting married . It 's about time you came out and made it known . ' " As for when in 2011 the couple will marry , Clarence House refused to speculate . Bookmakers Paddy Power on Tuesday were offering 3-1 odds on August 13 , 2011 , being the wedding date , and 4-1 odds on August 6 . It said Saturday , July 30 , was less likely , at 10-1 odds , because it falls just a day after the 30th anniversary of the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana . The location for the wedding was also being kept secret , though Richard Fitzwilliams , a public relations consultant and royal commentator , told CNN he expects it to happen at Westminster Abbey , probably in July . William and Middleton broke up in April 2007 , despite widespread speculation even then that they were close to marriage . The split was said to be amicable , with the couple determined to remain friends , and the two appeared together in the royal box at Wembley Stadium that July for the Concert for Diana , a charity event to remember William 's mother 10 years after her death . The pair were seen together several more times that summer and were dating again by the end of the year . Middleton 's family is seen as upper-middle class . Such a background bodes well for her future role at the side of the future king , according to Lady Colin Campbell , who wrote a biography of Princess Diana . "  The problem with recent royal brides who were aristocratic is that they thought they were doing the royal family a favor by marrying them , " she told CNN , "  while the middle-class girls like Sophie Wessex , the countess of Wessex  married to Prince Charles ' brother , Edward  , and Kate Middleton understand that to be royal requires some sacrifice , and they do not suffer from folie de grandeur -LSB- delusion of greatness -RSB- the way aristocratic girls evidently do nowadays . " Davies , however , said he feels the opposite about Middleton , who he said lacks the "  charisma " shown by William 's mother . "  Remember that this young lady has no royal connections whatsoever , and that can be a danger , " he said . Middleton has already met Queen Elizabeth at royal events including the wedding of William 's cousin , Peter Phillips , to Autumn Kelly in 2008 . "  I think the queen 's understood that it 's very important for William to make a happy marriage , " Pollard told CNN . "  He watched his parents be unhappy , and the fact that they -LSB- William and Middleton -RSB- have stayed together for so long and they have been together for so long rather proves that they get on very well . " CNN 's Phil Han in London , England ; Dan Rivers in Dorset , England ; and Michael Pearson and Arthur Brice in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	NEW : Both the ring and Kate are "  special to me , " the prince says The engagment ring his mother , Diana , wore was last seen in public in 1996 Prince William and Kate Middleton are both 28 The wedding is planned for the spring or summer of 2011
CNN  -- A legal chapter closes now that a federal judge has lifted an injunction on Arizona 's "  show me your papers " provision of its tough immigration law , but the legal combat wo n't end and will merely take a new direction , analysts and attorneys say . At the same time , implementation of the law will heighten a wary relationship between police who must enforce the law and Latinos who allege it will inevitably cause racial profiling . The court 's demand for evidence of such profiling is prompting Latino advocates to police the police and monitor arrest practices . The controversial provision authorizes local police , while performing other state law enforcement duties , to check on the immigration status of people they stop for another reason . The federal judge in Arizona this week based her decision on a recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling upholding the provision , she said . Undocumented immigrants face arrest as they proclaim , ` No papers , no fear ' Police monitoring and a public awareness campaign have already begun in the state 's Hispanic communities , who make up most of the state 's immigrants , advocates say . "  We 're already doing it , " said Isabel Garcia , co-chair of the Coalicion de Derechos Humanos , a civil and human rights group in Tucson that opposes the law . "  We formed a ` Yo Soy Testigo ' -- ' I Am a Witness ' -- hot line . We 're getting so many calls now it 's unbelievable , " Garcia said . In the meantime , the stage is set for continued fighting between the state and federal governments over the administration of the law , as the Department of Homeland Security reiterated this week that it will only respond to immigration enforcement requests in priority cases , such as those involving convicted criminals . Additional legal wrangling could arise from executing U.S. District Judge Susan R. Bolton 's ruling to terminate the injunction . Both sides have 10 days to agree on the wording of the order to lift the injunction , but they may disagree on how the provision should be carried out , said Thomas Saenz , president and general counsel of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , or MALDEF , a party in the case that is challenging the law . MALDEF and co-counsels in the case have yet to decide whether to appeal the judge 's ruling , Saenz said . Saenz is expecting a long legal slog , he said . "  There will certainly be other chapters , " Saenz said . "  There will definitely be additional court skirmishes before Section 2b -- the show-your-papers provision -- takes effect . This is not a dead issue because of the possibility of appeal , " Saenz said . Proving racial profiling is difficult , Saenz said . In a separate Arizona case , MALDEF and the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona are now waiting for a federal judge 's ruling after a trial of their class-action lawsuit against the Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio and his department , both of whom are accused of racial profiling and discrimination against Latinos . Arpaio denies any discrimination . Immigration lawsuit revives DREAM Act debate "  What Arpaio is doing sort of previews what will likely happen statewide if the show-your-papers provision is implemented , " Saenz said . Meanwhile , the number of federal immigration checks sought by local Arizona police continues to show an overall downward trend as it has for the past three years , said spokeswoman Amber Cargile of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Phoenix . ICE responds only to local police calls deemed in line with federal priorities , which are cases involving criminal aliens , threats to public safety , recent border crossers and illegal immigrants who have entered the country a second time , Cargile said . In June , 61 calls from local police agencies resulted in the arrest of 151 people on immigration violations ; there were 35 calls and 86 arrests in July and 41 calls and 65 arrests in August , Cargile said . "  We are seeing a continued downward trend in numbers , " Cargile said . "  This is consistent across the board over the past three years . Our drop house encounters in Phoenix are down considerably , and Border Patrol apprehensionsâ $ " a key indicator of illegal immigrationâ $ " have decreased significantly as well . " Once the injunction is officially lifted , the government of Arizona will have to decide when to begin enforcing the provision , said Doris Meissner , a senior fellow at the Migration Policy Institute , a nonpartisan think tank in Washington . Arizona could choose to wait a period before implementing the provision to provide training or other guidance to its law enforcement , she said . Barring a call by opponents for an emergency ruling to maintain the injunction , it is just a matter of time before it goes into effect . Once it does , Meissner said , the strategy used by opponents of the law is expected to change . From the moment it begins to be enforced , opponents will be focused on monitoring its implementation , she said . That 's where the next challenge is expected to come . In short , what Bolton 's ruling said was that , given the Supreme Court ruling , the provision can not be blocked on the speculation that it is discriminatory . There has to be evidence of racial profiling for the law to be blocked . "  You ca n't do it in the abstract . You need a person , or persons , who believe they have been discriminated against , " Meissner said . Judge weighs Arizona immigration law But those kinds of cases are n't easy to win , said Marshall Fitz , director of immigration policy at the Center for American Progress , a liberal public policy think tank . Trying to prove racial profiling in court can turn into a he-said , she-said affair between alleged victims and police , he said . "  There 's a story to tell , and a counternarrative that police officers will tell , " Fitz said . "  It 's not impossible , but I think any litigator will tell you it is a steep hill to climb . " Implementation of the "  show me your papers " provision will set off a potential multi-year process of litigators and activists collecting evidence to convince a court that systemic racial profiling exists . After this week 's ruling , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer denied the law would discriminate . "  As I have said consistently , it is not enough that this law be enforced . It must be enforced efficiently , effectively and in harmony with the Constitution and civil rights . I have no doubt Arizona 's law enforcement officers are up for the task ahead , " she said . The law that supporters envisioned , however , may not produce the results they wanted , even in enforcement . The Obama administration has a policy to remove only certain groups of undocumented immigrants , such as convicted criminals . Even if Arizona police requests overwhelm ICE , the agency will not respond unless the subject meets its criteria , said Cargile . "  As we 've previously emphasized , Department of Homeland Security officials in Arizona have been directed not to respond to requests from state and local police officers for assistance in enforcing immigration laws unless the individual or individuals in question meet DHS ' enforcement priorities , " she said . The department will continue to verify a person 's immigration status upon request , however . Driver 's license rules fuel new immigration debate	NEW : Arizona police calls to feds for immigration violations on "  downward trend , " ICE says Latino groups will monitor police for racial profiling , as sought by courts A federal judge lifts an injunction on a provision of Arizona 's immigration law The "  show me your papers " provision was upheld by the Supreme Court
CNN  -- "  Do the right thing ; do n't be evil Honesty and integrity in all we do Our business practices are beyond reproach We make money by doing good things " So goes the sixth point in Google 's official statement of core values years ago , often condensed to the informal company motto , "  Do n't be evil . " It 's supposed to make us feel better about trying new technologies from Chrome notebooks to Google Glass . Do n't worry -- we 're not going to screw with you . So when it comes time someday to inject our brains with nanobots that give us the ability to speak new languages , we can rest assured that Google wo n't change the user agreement on us after the fact and plant advertisements into our dreams while we 're asleep . That is , if the company judges such practices to be truly evil . Well , some of Google 's recent forays are waking people up to the fact that evil is in the eyes of the beholder . The company just acquired military robot maker Boston Dynamics , leading to great consternation in the Twitterverse . As @BrentButt put it this week in a tweet that caught fire : Truth be told , the robots Boston Dynamics makes are pretty cool . Based on animal physiology , they can run , jump , balance and even chase stuff . As something of a technogeek myself , I can see why a bunch of engineers would want to play with this technology . What we have to ask , and keep asking at every turn , is : To what end ? What real purpose are we serving ? Not doing evil is actually a pretty low bar to begin with . Is this really a high aspiration ? To avoid embodying Satan in silicon ? Even if we accept avoiding evil as the mantra of the digital age , the presumption here is that evil is like a line of code that can simply be excluded from the overall program . Oops ! Line 45 of that app has some evil in it . Better change it . We ca n't employ an entirely programmatic approach to human affairs . However well we think we might be embedding our technologies with the values we hope to express , more often than not we also get unexpected consequences . Cars lead to pollution and oil to wars . Smartphones lead to distraction and car accidents . Big data leads to coercive marketing and government to massive surveillance . Something awfully close to evil is quite a common side effect . Google seems aware of this , at least from a public relations perspective . Likely concerned about what it looks like for the company to be developing military hardware , the company recently donated $ 5 million to the World Wildlife Federation for drones to track down rhinoceros poachers in Africa . It 's as if they 're out to prove that drones are not necessarily evil . Still , we ca n't help but do a bit of evil when we build technology upon technology , without taking a pause to ask what it 's all for . New technologies give us the opportunity to reevaluate the systems we have been using up until now , and consider doing things differently . But the stock-market-fueled culture of Silicon Valley too often focuses on efficiency of execution rather than clarity of purpose . The result is that our best Stanford computer science graduates end up writing algorithms that better extract money from the stock market , rather than exploring whether capital is even serving its original purpose of getting funds to new businesses . Or the engineers behind Bitcoin develop a brilliant new digital currency without evaluating the purpose of money in our society . The problem to be addressed is that too much cash has ended up stuck in the coffers of the speculators . Instead of thinking about how to encourage peer-to-peer transaction , Bitcoin 's developers simply built another speculative currency , only this time on digital steroids . Likewise , war is not a great approach to conflict resolution . Adding robot soldiers to the mix merely improves the efficiency of killing . How might robots be used to reduce conflict instead of enact it ? When we develop technology in a vacuum , disconnected from the reality in which people really live , we are too likely to spend our energy designing some abstract vision of a future life rather than addressing the pains and injustices around us right now . Technology becomes a way of escaping the world 's problems , whether through virtual reality or massive Silicon Valley stock options packages , rather than engaging with them . But the do n't - do-evil mandate does n't even ask Google 's programmers to evaluate the purpose of a technology -- only to perform a basic "  checksum , " or error correction , for evil itself . How pathetically binary . This is not enough for a company that appears dedicated to uploading human consciousness to the cloud , no matter how many robot warriors we have protecting our virtual reality servers from the people we leave behind . I 'm not arguing against technology or that we do less with it . Quite the contrary . I 'm arguing we do more . It 's not enough to computerize and digitize the society we have , and exacerbate its problems by new means . We must transcend the mere avoidance of the patently evil and instead seek to do good . That may involve actually overturning and remaking some institutions and processes from the ground up . That 's the real potential of digital technology . To retrieve the values and ideas that may have seemed impossible before and see whether we can realize them today in this very new world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Google recently acquired military robot maker Boston Dynamics Douglas Rushkoff : Evil is in the eyes of the beholder ; people question what Google is up to We get into trouble with new technology if we do n't pause to think what it 's for , he says Rushkoff : We must transcend the mere avoidance of "  evil " and seek to do good
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Slave labor in developing countries such as Brazil , China and India is fueling part of their huge economic growth , according to a State Department report released Wednesday . Amnesty International activists protest human trafficking during an event in Greece in March . The department 's annual "  Trafficking in Persons Report " found increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries . In Brazil , the report found a "  trafficking phenomenon . " It said thousands of trafficked and forced laborers had been found on plantations growing sugar cane for Brazil 's booming production and export of the biofuel ethanol . The report cites shrimp processed in Thailand and Bangladesh ; clothing from Bangladesh , India , Jordan and Malaysia ; and bricks made in India , China and Pakistan as being among the products of booming industries in which workers are subjected to forced labor , debt bondage and hazardous working conditions . Laws are not adequate to punish those responsible , it adds . China was found to have a "  significant " problem with forced labor , including forced child labor . Children as young as 12 are reportedly subject to forced labor under the guise of "  work and study programs " and subject to excessively long hours , dangerous conditions , low pay and physical abuse . The report found China 's growing brick industry is fraught with cover-ups of the problem . For the fourth year in a row , China was put on a "  watch list " of countries that could face sanctions if they do n't improve their efforts to combat trafficking . India was also placed on the watch list for not doing enough to solve its trafficking problem , according to the report . While commercial sexual exploitation remained a problem in India , the State Department found internal forced labor "  may constitute India 's largest trafficking problem . " It said men , women and children are forced to work in brick kilns , rice mills , agricultural businesses and embroidery factories . Once again , the report found U.S. allies in the Persian Gulf to have dismal records on trafficking . Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Kuwait and Oman were listed as destination countries with widespread trafficking abuses . The report cites forced laborers trafficked from Asia and Africa who are subject to restrictions on movement , withholding of passports , threats , and physical and sexual abuse . The report found those countries made weak efforts to rescue the workers and prosecute the traffickers . The other countries on the blacklist are Algeria , Myanmar , Cuba , Fiji , Iran , Moldova , North Korea , Papua New Guinea , Sudan and Syria .	State Department report documents human trafficking Slavery rampant in industries in Brazil , China , India , report says U.S. allies in Persian Gulf have dismal record , according to report Withholding of passports , threats , physical and sexual abuse reported
Daisy , my sister 's miniature schnauzer , made quite an impression on me during an extended visit . I even found a schnauzer rescue group and submitted an online application , hoping for a feisty fur kid of my own . No one ever called . I remember being disappointed at the time , but regular outings with Daisy helped ease my bruised ego . Eventually , I crossed paths with a precocious pooch named Lulu who changed everything . Our escapades inspired my quest to help other frazzled , first-time pet owners . I also took solace in a hilarious book called "  What the Dog Did : Tales from a Formerly Reluctant Dog Owner , " by Emily Yoffe . Stories about Sasha the beagle helped me realize that I was n't alone in lamenting my Lulu 's penchant for chewing shoes , rolls of toilet paper or brand-new dog beds . In Yoffe 's recent Slate.com article , she writes about being rebuffed by a rescue organization , after suffering through a litany of probing questions . Eventually , her family gave up and purchased their next pet from a breeder . Yoffe 's column reminded me of that fruitless schnauzer application all those years ago . Perhaps my own answers took me out of the running . "  People who rescue animals can be reluctant to believe anyone deserves the furry creatures , " Yoffe says in the article . "  Applicants are sometimes subjected to an interrogation that would befit Michael Vick . " MNN : Cuddling dying pets can expose owners to infections Why all the drama ? Rescue organizations relieve overcrowded animal shelters by placing animals in foster homes and actively promoting them on sites like Petfinder.org . As rescued pets adjust to family life , volunteers gather information that will help them find a love match . If things do n't work out , most rescue groups allow you to return the pet -- no questions asked -- which makes the vetting process even more important on the front end . But questions such as "  Do you plan to have children ? " or "  How much would you spend on a sick animal ? " can rub some well-intentioned pet lovers the wrong way . Representatives from three rescue groups offer a little insight on some of those probing pet questions . How much are you willing you spend on a pet ? "  That 's just our way of making sure they have no problem taking the dog to the vet if it 's hurt or sick , " says Janice Brooks , director of Rescued Unwanted Furry Friends Rescue  911ruff . org  . Based in Fort Walton Beach , Florida. , Brooks ' nonprofit organization has struggled to place dogs after the Gulf oil spill . Rather than take in more pets from animal shelters , Brooks and her team have focused on finding homes for the remaining 34 pets in her care . Recent owner surrenders , due to military deployment or a battered Gulf Coast economy , make the adoption process even tougher . But her goal is to avoid making a bad match . "  They 've been through enough already . " The issue of pet expenses also becomes a factor when people select high-maintenance breeds . Bulldogs are notoriously allergic to grains . These short-snouted dogs also tend to have breathing issues , placing them at the top of the "  do not fly " list for most airlines . But the popular breed generates plenty of adoption applications for Georgia English Bulldog Rescue or GEBR . "  I turn away a lot of people who have unrealistic expectations , " says Ruthann Phillips , director of GEBR . She notes that a typical vet visit for one of her bulldogs can top $ 200 . Annual veterinary bills for poorly bred English bulldogs can easily cost 10 times that amount . MNN : Pet resources for a tough economy In 2011 , dog owners spent $ 248 on routine vet care and cat owners spent $ 219 , according to a survey by the American Pet Products Association . Like people , pets also get sick from time to time , adding to that bill . Rescue groups look for applicants who will commit to routine vaccinations , along with preventatives to fight fleas and the threat of heartworm , a life-threatening illness transmitted by infected mosquitoes . Do you have a veterinarian ? "  We contact -LSB- the vet -RSB- to make sure they bought heartworm preventatives , flea preventatives , that they kept the pet up to date on shots , " Brooks says , noting that vets provide clues to a pet 's care . "  When I called , -LSB- one applicant -RSB- had n't taken dogs to the vet in years . I would hate to know -LSB- a dog -RSB- was hurt and they did not take them to the vet . " Her rescue will accept first-time pet owners , even without a veterinary referral . In those cases , Brooks provides a pet primer , filled with information about flea and heartworm preventatives , foods to avoid such as chocolate , and other key information . Do you plan on having children ? Kids and pets can peacefully coexist , but some little ones have trouble resisting the temptation to pull ears or tails . My nephew 's first steps were quickly followed by mad dashes around the house in hot pursuit of Daisy . My sister quickly had to introduce the word , "  gentle , " during playtime when he tried to tap rather than pet the poor pooch . Most rescue groups also have stories of owners who surrendered pets because they could n't handle the work involved with raising kids and pets . "  We would get owner surrenders from young people who got bulldogs as their first child -- then they had children -- and were unable to afford both , " Phillips says . Brooks adds that the question helps them determine a good fit for the pet . "  We know which dogs do and do not like children , " she says . "  I do n't want a child to get hurt . " Do you own a home or rent ? "  We received a form last week , an owner surrender , because the person did n't check with their landlord first , " says Dianne DaLee , vice president of Atlanta Boxer Rescue  ABR  . "  The landlord said you are not allowed to have dogs over 45 pounds , and the dog had to go . " ABR requires prospective clients to secure a letter from their landlord as part of the adoption process . Brooks also recommends that all family members visit prospective pets , and agree to the adoption . If living conditions change , it helps to have other members of the household who will take responsibility for the pet . MNN : 10 things you might not know about cats Do you have a fenced backyard ? "  When people go to work , let 's say they have an 8 to 5 job , they have to leave early to get to the job , then they are late coming home . That 's nine to 10 hours before the dog can go out , " Brooks says . "  If you have a way for dog to go out , potty and come back in , there 's generally no problem with the new home . The people are happy ; the dogs are happy . " While DaLee admits that questions on adoption applications can resemble the Spanish Inquisition , honest answers help volunteers find the best fit . Some rescued dogs have never seen the inside of a house . Others require extensive training or veterinary care before they are ready to be adopted . Myles , a 7-month-old new addition to ABR , arrived with such severe mange that it had caused secondary skin infections on about 40 % of his body . After receiving medical attention and a little love from his foster family , he is slowly beginning to heal and even play . "  These dogs come from rough backgrounds , " DaLee says . "  We want them to have a permanent home , and not be turned back in to a rescue or hop from home to home . "	In 2011 , dog owners spent $ 248 on routine vet care and cat owners spent $ 219 ABR requires clients to secure a letter from their landlord as part of the adoption process Rescue groups look for applicants who will commit to routine vaccinations
CNN  -- Whether you like him or not , or think that his dominance is bad for Formula One , there 's no denying that Sebastian Vettel is simply unstoppable this season . Even his teammate Mark Webber , with whom the German 's relations have never been warm , admits that Vettel is "  in another category . " The four-time world champion won by more than 30 seconds in Abu Dhabi , having started Sunday 's race second on the grid behind his veteran Red Bull colleague . While Webber bounced back from yet another poor start to ensure a 15th 1-2 for the team -- he has only won once from nine poles -- Vettel motored clear once again while his rivals scrapped for minor placings . It was the 26-year-old 's seventh successive win , matching his personal best of 11 victories in a season . With two races left on the calendar , he can match Alberto Ascari 's record of nine in a row in 1952-53 and Michael Schumacher 's 2004 feat of 13 in one season . "  The car was absolutely brilliant . There is not much more to say . I was flying at stages -- at least it felt like it -- and there were some massive gaps , which was a big surprise , " Vettel said . Vettel has been booed on the podium several times this year -- no doubt in part due to the Malaysia incident when he ignored team orders and passed Webber for victory -- but he celebrated at Yas Marina Sunday as he did in India last weekend on clinching a fourth straight title , with wheelspins . Red Bull paid the first fine , but Vettel -- who earns a reported $ 16 million yearly salary -- will have to take this one after the 37th victory of his young career . "  I think Sebastian can pay the fine this week , " team principal Christian Horner said . "  That was a champion 's drive . " Webber , who is quitting F1 at the end of this season , could only pay tribute after being forced to settle for second -- as he did in Japan last month after starting on pole . "  The start was n't great , " said the 37-year-old , who held off Mercedes ' third-placed Nico Rosberg and Lotus ' Romain Grosjean in fourth . "  Nico got an unbelievable start and Seb 's was a bit better than mine . On the first stint we were not strong enough on the soft tires . "  After that the race went pretty well for me but Seb was gone -- he was in another category up front . I had a nice little battle with Nico for second . "  I think he  Vettel  is in a sweet spot , for sure . In the end , I did my best today and this was my overall personal best around here . " Mercedes stayed second ahead of Ferrari in the constructors ' standings as 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton was seventh . Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso remained second in the drivers ' championship behind Vettel after coming home fifth , working his way up from 10th at the start , while teammate Felipe Massa was eighth . Force India had both drivers in the points as Paul di Resta was sixth and Adrian Sutil 10th , while McLaren 's Sergio Perez was ninth as teammate Jenson Button paid the price for another early scrape and ended up 12th . Button 's fellow former titleholder Kimi Raikkonen had even worse day . Excluded from qualifying -- despite setting the fifth quickest time -- after his Lotus failed a technical test on Saturday , the Finn did n't make it past the first lap . While Vettel began from the pit lane in similar circumstances last year to finish third , Raikkonen -- who is joining Ferrari next season after a pay dispute with Lotus -- started with the tailenders and a ding with a Caterham ended his hopes of repeating his 2012 success in the race . "  We did n't touch hard , but I think the angle was very unlucky and it broke the steering , " Raikkonen said .	World champion Sebastian Vettel equals his personal best of 11 wins in a season Abu Dhabi victory means he can match Michael Schumacher 's record of 13 German finishes 30 seconds clear of his Red Bull teammate Mark Webber Webber second on podium ahead of Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg
Olympia , Washington  CNN  -- Joseph Shaun Goodman 's seventh arrest for DUI was as sensational as it gets . Police chased him in his Ferrari at more than 90 mph in downtown Olympia , Washington . A passenger , whom Goodman had just met at a bar , begged to leave the car , and his wish was granted while the car slowed . Goodman crashed his sports car , a 2000 model worth $ 70,000 , into a house and two cars . The tall , tan businessman was finally arrested behind the wheel in a church parking lot with police drawing their guns on him just before midnight December 29 . Cops noted his watery , bloodshot eyes and smelled alcohol on his breath . Now there 's a local uproar over how Goodman , 42 , avoided hard jail time -- despite facing his seventh drunk-driving offense and with his blood alcohol measuring 0.16 , twice Washington state 's threshold for DUI . Goodman was given 364 days of work-release from jail because , a judge ruled , jailing him would harm his small business , his employees and the community . Under work-release , he spends his days as a free man at his telecommunications business , but he spends his weeknights and weekends in jail , his attorney said . But critics such as Sam Miller are outraged . "  It seems like Shaun Goodman and other people that are wealthy are playing by a different set of rules , " Miller said . "  I think it 's also that he 's a business owner in this town and that society sees Shaun Goodman more important than anyone else . "  I think Shaun Goodman , when he got his fourth DUI charge or fifth DUI charge , should have faced stiffer penalties then , " Miller added . "  In a way , it 's almost society has said that ` if you 're rich , it 's OK to do this . You need another chance . I 'm sure you 'll turn it around ' -- as if those who are wealthy have more of an ability to change than those that are poor . " In February , a judge even gave Goodman permission to travel to New York and attend the Super Bowl while his case was being adjudicated , said Paul Strophy , the attorney for Goodman . The defense Goodman declined to comment , but Strophy said his client "  did not receive special treatment . " The size of Goodman 's wealth was n't immediately available , but his house is a 3-acre gated property , with a boat on a trailer on the driveway to a separate three-car garage . "  It is a benefit to society in the bigger picture , even though I can understand the outrage , but there 's also a big cost to society in terms of not just the cost of incarceration , " Strophy said . "  There 's definitely a benefit to society allowing people even such as Mr. Goodman to do work release when they 're serving a jail sentence . "  It gives them means to support themselves , their families , and in Mr. Goodman 's case , because he 's an employer , employees keep their jobs , " the attorney added . Goodman received the maximum allowed by law for misdemeanor DUI , Strophy said . Some argue that a seventh DUI should have made Goodman eligible for a felony -- and a tougher maximum sentence . But Washington state law does n't allow for such a felony because Goodman did n't accumulate four DUIs in the past 10 years , Strophy said . The prior misdemeanor DUI accusations occurred in 1993 , 1994 , 1999 , 2004 , 2006 and 2011 , and two of them -- in 1999 and 2004 -- were reduced to lesser misdemeanors , according to court papers . "  I know a lot of people believe it should have been at felony level , " Strophy said . "  Under Washington law , the work-release program is still considered a jail program because you do spend your evenings and weekends in the jail , and so you only get out to work . And so based on that , he did in fact get the maximum sentence allowed by law . " The prosecutor Thurston County Prosecuting Attorney Jon Tunheim disputed accusations that Goodman got a lenient sentence because he 's wealthy . "  There was no favoritism allowed here , " the prosecutor said . "  The gut reaction is to want to punish him more than other offenders because of the fact that he had money , and we 're not going to do that , either . We 're going to treat him the same as we would treat any other offender . "  I think if you can keep somebody working while they 're in custody -- so they 're working while they 're out of custody -- substantially reduces the likelihood that they would re-offend , particularly when you 're talking about someone who is an alcoholic or a drug addict , " Tunheim said . "  I think you got to set emotion aside and really think about what is the best long term solution for the community . " The defense attorney and the prosecutor acknowledged how some people may express frustration over what protesters contend is an overly lenient justice system toward Goodman . Both attorneys cited the way that the state law is written for such cases as Goodman 's : It does n't allow for harsher sentences . But Goodman is remorseful , Strophy said . "  He acknowledges and understands the gravity of the situation and how serious it is , " Strophy said . "  Every indication to me is that he 's given is that he wants treatment and will continue to do treatment and do everything to conquer that demon " of alcoholism , he said . The passenger Henry Griffin , 28 , of Olympia met Goodman at a local tavern , where Goodman was flashing $ 100 bills and buying drinks for people . Griffin was treated to a Fireball , a cinnamon whiskey . "  I had known him less than an hour , and he said , ` Hey , do you want to ride with me ? ' And I said yeah , " Griffin said . "  I was just like , wow , yeah , it 's a Ferrari . I had never been in a Ferrari before . " They were headed to another saloon . "  As we leave the parking lot , he 's already speeding , and there 's a police officer right there , and he tries to pull us over , " Griffin said . "  We go maybe a half a block , and I 'm noticing something is wrong . And I 'm like , hey , can we please pull over ? The cops are here ... and he immediately blurts he ca n't . " Griffin begged . He even screamed . "  First thing that comes out of my mind , ' I have a son ; I have a 2-year-old son . Please let me out ! ' " Griffin recounted . He thought he was going to die . He could n't find the interior handle to open the door . "  I figured , hey , I 'm going to die here tonight . I 'm going to die in this car . This is a small car ; I 'm a big guy ; I 'm going to die , " Griffin said . Griffin grabbed the wheel while Goodman was driving . The car slowed . Then Griffin jumped out of the Ferrari . He called 911 . Griffin says he 's still traumatized by the experience : He sees a psychologist weekly and a chiropractor three times a week . When he can get sleep , he dreams of the ride all over again , he said . He ca n't stand or sit for a long period of time . Goodman has never apologized to him , and Griffin feels the court let Goodman off easy . "  It 's just sad to feel forgotten by the justice system , " Griffin said . "  They 're not worried about the people . " Man who confessed to drunken driving in viral video gets more than 6 years CNN 's Dan Simon and Augie Martin reported from Washington state .	Joseph Shaun Goodman 's seventh DUI is a misdemeanor under Washington state law He drove his Ferrari above 90 mph fleeing police , crashing into two cars and a house Judge gives Goodman work-release because jailing him would hurt his employees Protesters charge that "  wealthy are playing by a different set of rules "
CNN  -- Richard Strandlof said he survived the 9/11 attacks on the Pentagon . He said he survived again when a roadside bomb went off in Iraq , killing four fellow Marines . He 'd point to his head and tell people he had a metal plate , collateral damage from the explosion . Richard Strandlof says he did n't mean to cause harm when he lied about being a military veteran . None of it was true . On Friday , the FBI arrested him on the rare charge of "  stolen valor . " Strandlof , 32 , was held "  for false claims about receipt of military decorations or medals , " an FBI news release said . Charges had been filed in Denver , Colorado , the week before , the bureau said . "  The penalty for his crime is up to one year incarceration and a $ 100,000 fine , " it said . Before his deception was revealed , crowds ate up his story . He canvassed Colorado appearing at the sides of politicians . Inspiring and seemingly authentic , he spoke on behalf of veterans at the state Capitol . He formed a group called the Colorado Veterans Alliance . The whole thing was a lie , he admitted to CNN 's Anderson Cooper earlier this year . Watch Strandlof discuss case in June . " He was n't at the Pentagon . He was never a Marine . He never served his country . He never graduated from the Naval Academy . He claimed his real name was Rick Duncan . Where was he on 9/11 , the day he said he witnessed heroism firsthand ? "  I was in San Jose , California , watching it in horror on TV with a few other people , " Strandlof told CNN . He was at a homeless shelter at the time . Strandlof denies being a pathological liar . He says he suffered from "  some severely underdiagnosed mental illness " and he got caught up in the moment around "  people who are passionate and loved what they did . " He told CNN he had put on a "  production , which I 'm sorry for . " "  Hopefully the people that I hurt can in some way gain closure from that , and I myself do n't know what I can do , short of leaving them alone and not being in their lives , to make that happen , " Strandlof said . He said he 's not sure exactly how he 's hurt people . "  It 's not for me to say , and time will tell , " he said . Hal Bidlack , a former Air Force lieutenant colonel , is one of those people . He ran for Congress as a Democrat and had Strandlof appear with him . Bidlack -- who lost to incumbent Republican Doug Lamborn -- is n't too happy . "  Once one lie fell apart , the whole series of things ... just cascaded into an ocean of lies , " he said . Bidlack was at the Pentagon when it came under attack on September 11 , 2001 . He now realizes that Strandlof stole portions of his own story . "  Now that we know he 's a lying fraud , " Bidlack said , "  I think he was just parroting my own story back to me . " "  There are an awful lot of things that he kept straight to try to fool an awful lot of people for an awful long time . " Doug Sterner has catalogued hundreds of people claiming to be military veterans who never served in the military . He says it 's typical for those perpetuating the hoaxes to claim mental illness . "  I do n't buy that , " Sterner said . "  What he was doing was looking for a cause to promote himself . I see this repeatedly . I 've had a hundred cases just this year like Rick Strandlof 's . ... What they 're doing is building a kingdom of self and feeding their own ego . " Sterner has pushed for a federal database listing the names and citations of all decorated military veterans to help put an end to such cases . He said Strandlof has robbed true veterans of their veracity . "  Doing good does not take away from the bad that he did , " he said . "  Because of Rick Strandlof , the next global war on terrorism veteran that speaks in a school or talks to the media or gets involved in politics is going to be questioned . " Ryan Gallucci , a spokesman for AMVETS , agreed . "  Strandlof 's actions dishonor the actual sacrifices of veterans , " he told CNN Monday . "  Second , by commissioning his own advocacy group , Strandlof diverted philanthropy dollars for legitimate causes within the veterans community , " Gallucci said . "  Personally , it just sickens me , " Gallucci added . "  As a veteran of the war in Iraq , it 's unfathomable that someone would propagate such a lie at a time when American men and women are actually putting their lives on the line , and American families are coping with the loss of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice . " According to the Denver Post , Strandlof came to authorities ' attention first in 1997 , when he was sentenced to five years on forgery and bad-check charges . The FBI was investigating him for fraud when he spoke to CNN -- a charge he denied . "  We did not take money to use on non-veterans projects . I did not enrich myself on this . I did not gain any money from this , " he said . He has not been charged with fraud . That 's not the point , said Sterner . "  The one thing he robbed from every veteran that comes out now is credibility . " Gallucci called Strandlof a "  con man " and the case "  morally repugnant . " "  Strandlof 's actions are exploitation plain and simple , and AMVETS is eager to see justice served , " Gallucci said . CNN 's Joe Johns contributed to this report .	Richard Strandlof said he survived 9/11 Pentagon attack , Iraq bombing In June , Strandlof admitted he lied Penalty for stolen valor is up to one year in jail , up to $ 100,000 fine Strandlof formed Colorado Veterans Alliance
CNN  -- As a player who has won African and Olympic titles with Cameroon and Spanish league and Champions League titles with Barcelona as well as three African footballer of the year awards , Samuel Eto'o expects to command respect . Barcelona star Samuel Eto'o is one of a number of top footballers who have spoken out against racism . Yet Eto 's spectacular career in Spain , where his goalscoring prowess have made him one of the world 's most feared and admired strikers , has been punctuated by incidents in which he has been the victim of sickening racist abuse . Memorably , Eto'o started to walk off the pitch in protest during a match at Real Zaragoza in 2006 after being taunted by home supporters chanting monkey noises only to be persuaded to return by his Barcelona teammates and the club 's coach , Frank Rijkaard . "  I was leaving the field and if it was n't for Rijkaard , my teammates and the referee , I would have done it , " Eto'o recalls . "  In that moment you start thinking whether there is something wrong with being black , you know ? But I think we are all humans , everyone 's blood is the same color and we all have the same heart . I do n't see any differences in skin color . " While Spanish football 's reputation for sophistication and flair has made la Liga one of the most attractive and marketable competitions in world football , attitudes in the stands have not always kept apace with the cosmopolitanism on display on the pitch . Nor has positive leadership always come from the top . Real Zaragoza were fined just 9,000 euros  $ 13,800  for the abuse directed by their supporters at Eto'o . And in 2005 , the Spanish national coach Luis Aragones -- currently steering Spain through Euro 2008 -- was at the center of controversy when he used a racist slur to describe French striker Thierry Henry , now a teammate of Eto'o 's at Barcelona . Eto'o admits that racism is so widespread in Spain that he no longer dares take his family to matches . "  Racism can happen anywhere and I do n't want them to see it , " he told CNN . "  It 's a sad situation in football . In my opinion the problem is getting bigger and the people that should come up with a solution are not doing it . So to protect my family , I do n't take them to the game . " With black players regularly subjected to monkey chants in Spanish stadiums , Eto'o believes determined action is needed before verbal abuse spills over into physical violence . "  The authorities are working to find solutions . But they must find them . We ca n't wait until some crazy fan jumps from his seat and kills a black player before measures are taken . The players are revolted by it and we try to help each other . But the authorities must find a way to set an example . " One of the saddest aspects of racism in football is that many of those who participate in taunting colored players would never dream of behaving the same way on the street , at work or at home . But Eto'o fears attitudes in stadiums may reflect wider social attitudes which find expression amid the passion , emotion and anonymity of the football crowd "  Football stadiums are just a reflection of what is going on in society , " Eto'o says . "  Many times in stadiums people just feel more relaxed and say what they think when they 're somewhere else . " He believes the Spanish media has a key part to play in tackling racism in football , not just by highlighting incidents of abuse but in creating an environment in which racism in the stands is no longer quietly condoned . "  I do n't make the decisions , but something needs to be done . Right now , the media here pays attention to the incidents of racism , but does n't discuss solutions . That 's the tragedy . They use these images to create an impact rather than to identify racism as a problem and to urge people to find a solution . TV has a lot of weight on public opinion and what the industry must do is make people feel a social responsibility to stop this kind of behavior . "	Samuel Eto'o : "  We ca n't wait until some crazy fan kills a black player " Barcelona striker has endured regular racist taunting while playing in Spain Eto'o almost walked off during a match in 2006 because of sustained abuse He no longer allows family to come to games to protect them from racism
CNN  -- Georgian authorities foiled an attempted army mutiny that they believe was designed to disrupt planned NATO exercises in the former Soviet republic , the country 's interior ministry said Tuesday . Georgian troops take part in military exercises in January . They are to participate in NATO maneuvers this week . About 500 troops at a military base outside the capital , Tbilisi , were involved in the rebellion , said Interior Ministry spokesman Shota Utiashvili . He said it was quickly brought under control , and the government reported a few hours later that the base was calm . Initial investigations suggest that Russia , Georgia 's northern neighbor and former ruler , may have had a hand in the mutiny , Utiashvili said . Russia denied involvement in the incident . "  Tbilisi has pulled yet another anti-Russian prank . ... This is not the first time we are so vocally blamed for interfering . It is typical that each time the charges become more ridiculous , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement . Utiashvili claimed that Georgia had secret recordings of the mutineers saying they had "  full Russian support . " "  We know Russia is against the planned NATO exercises in Georgia . We know they have increased the troops at the border . We do n't have 100 percent evidence right now , because the investigation is ongoing , " he said . But , he added , until the investigation is complete , officials wo n't point a finger at Russia . On Tuesday afternoon , Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili called on Russia to stop "  provocative maneuvers " in Georgia , according to Georgia 's English-language Prime News . Russia and Georgia fought a five-day war in August over the breakaway Georgian province of South Ossetia , the first time Russia sent troops abroad in anger since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 . NATO is expected to launch month-long military exercises this week in Georgia . The move has angered Russia , which accused the alliance of "  muscle-flexing . " "  All kinds of things have been said , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . "  But it has never before been claimed that Russia is trying to overthrow the Georgian government with the help of the Georgian armed forces . In this regard , we once again reiterate that Russia does not interfere in the internal affairs of Georgia on principle . We do not believe in scripts imposed from the outside . " NATO said it had no comment on the incident because it did not independently confirm the event . However , a NATO spokeswoman in Brussels said Tuesday that exercises planned for Wednesday are "  still on " and that "  nothing has changed " after the attempted mutiny . "  The timing chosen by Tbilisi for its latest action is telling : the day before the start of NATO exercises in Georgia , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said . "  We strongly warned our partners that the exercises were absolutely inappropriate in the current highly charged atmosphere within Georgia and the region . Our warnings were not heeded . " Georgia 's Utiashvili said the rebelling soldiers were heard saying they were "  unhappy with the political situation in the country . " One person was arrested , and authorities are looking for another in connection with the attempted mutiny , Georgia 's Ministry of Internal Affairs said . The person in custody , Gia Ghvaladze , served as a major in the Special Forces Department at the now-disbanded Ministry of State Security , Georgian officials said . He is being held on charges of organizing a military mutiny . In an undercover tape released by Georgian officials , a man is heard saying , "  Russians will come . About 5,000 men , two battalions . Can you imagine ? Five thousand men . Do you know how big this is ? " CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the tape , but the Georgian government said it implicates Ghvaladze . Authorities said they are looking for the second man , Koba Otanadze , who is wanted for his role in organizing the mutiny . Otanadze helped lead a military mutiny at the same base in May 2001 , the Ministry of Internal Affairs said . A third person -- Zaza Mushkudiani , the head of the Georgian ranger battalion -- was also being investigated , the ministry said , but it was unclear whether he was in custody . NATO is expected to launch month-long military exercises this week in Georgia . The move has angered Russia , Georgia 's neighbor to the north , which accused the alliance of "  muscle-flexing . " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov postponed his trip to Brussels , Belgium , for the ministerial meeting of the NATO-Russia Council because of the planned NATO exercises , Lavrov told the Itar-Tass news agency . In April , Saakashvili vowed to remain in office until his term ends , defying calls by anti-government protesters that he step down . Up to 60,000 demonstrators took to the streets , blaming the president for leading the country with Russia and plunging it into a political crisis . They also were angry about rising poverty in the country . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Nunu Japaridze contributed to this report .	NEW : Georgian authorities release recording of man saying "  Russia will come " Russia denies involvement , accuses Tbilisi of "  yet another anti-Russian prank " Authorities believe mutiny intended to disrupt NATO exercises this week in Georgia Russia says it disagrees with NATO plans to conduct exercises
CNN  -- Ten-year-old Noah Cordle kicked off his summer vacation by dipping his toes into the Atlantic Ocean , only to make an ancient discovery when a sharp object hit his foot . "  It felt like a crab , so I jumped backward , " said Cordle , who was vacationing with his family in Beach Haven . But it was n't a crab , or a mussel shell as he deduced it might be next , after seeing its black color . It was an arrowhead -- one that an area expert says dates back to the Paleoindian period , approximately 8,000 to 11,000 years ago . "  A couple of people told us they did n't think it was real , " Noah 's mother , Andrea Cordle , said of the find , which she described as being about 2Â 1/2 inches long and black with a small fleck of orange along a ridge on its side . Andrea and her husband , Brian Cordle , turned to Greg Lattanzi , the assistant curator at the Bureau of Archaeology and Ethnography at the New Jersey State Museum . Lattanzi , who said the museum has a collection of more than 20 similar arrowheads -- more technically termed projectile points -- called Noah 's find "  rare . " He said that most similar arrowheads have been excavated from archaeological sites in the northeastern United States rather than washing ashore . After examining the arrowhead under a microscope , Lattanzi said it appears to be made of Jasper and Chert stone and was probably attached to a spear and used for hunting . The Cordles , who live in Lorton , Virginia , say they plan to hold on to their treasure for a while before finding it a permanent home . "  It 's really cool , but we 're not collectors , " Andrea Cordle said . "  We 're going to donate it . "	Noah Cordle , 10 , found an arrowhead while vacationing in New Jersey An expert says it probably dates back to between 8,000 and 10,000 years ago Noah 's mother says the family plans to donate the artifact
CNN  -- Portuguese sailors called it the Gates of Hell . Namibia 's Bushmen speak of the land God made in anger . From the air , the bleak shoreline of the Skeleton Coast looks wonderful -- a deep green sea , fringed with surf , breaks over a shore receding into infinite dunes . From land , it 's a different story . The Benguela Current rushes in , urgent and strong , hurtling the chilling Atlantic into the fierce heat of the Namib . Whale and seal skeletons from the former whaling industry still litter the coastline -- the source of the region 's frightening name . Humans have suffered , too -- the remains of ships wrecked on the hidden rocks offshore rust and crumble beside the animal bones . Survivors did n't last long in this harsh environment . Punishing trip ? Why , then , visit this brutal-sounding place ? Because its forbidding nature has left Namibia 's Skeleton Coast one of the most pristine shorelines in the world . It may be bleak , but it 's beautiful . The territory extends from just north of the city of Swakopmund to the Angolan border in northwest Namibia , taking in 500 kilometers of shoreline and 2 million hectares of dunes and gravel plains . It forms a national park , divided by rivers . More : 9 not-in-the-guidebook Africa safari tips The southern section runs between the Ugab and Hoanib Rivers , the north between the Hoanib and Kunene . Independent travelers can apply for permits for day trips but only to the south -- and it 's the northern extremes , the Skeleton Coast Wilderness , that most people want to see . Visitors to the latter part of the park are restricted to around 800 a year to preserve the fragile environment . Exclusive and expensive The only way to reach the north is to join a fly-in safari -- an exclusive , if expensive , experience . A typical four-day trip costs around $ 6,000 per person . After flying to an inland camp , my guide , Bariar , and I reach the sea following a 200-kilometer drive through dune country . We climb out of the Land Rover into a huge animal graveyard : seal skulls jumbled with turtles ' rib cages and the colossal , bleached vertebrae of whales . The wind shunts me from one set of remains to the next . One ghoulish question suggests itself : "  Are there human skeletons , too ? " "  Of course ! " Bariar shouts , his voice almost lost in the wind . "  It 's the shore of a thousand shipwrecks . " Wreck-spotting One of the coast 's best-known wrecks is a British liner , the Dunedin Star , beached by her master after hitting a reef  some say a U-boat  in the 1940s . A tug , the Sir Charles Elliott , went to her aid but it sank , too . An arch of whale bones marks the grave of the two crewmen who led the rescue attempt , trying in vain to secure a line from the ship to the shore . Every now and then the wreck of their tug can be seen above the waves . More : 10 things to know before visiting South Africa At Cape Frio , thousands of seals provide light relief . Their noise is deafening , their smell overwhelming , but their antics draw you in . The surf is full of writhing bodies . At the water 's edge , the occasional rock twitches , rolls over and throws itself into the sea . We follow the coastline for miles . Ours are the only tire marks , soon to be erased by the sand . Ghost crabs scuttle into the waves ; terns swoop over the surf ; a jackal flops , seemingly exhausted , onto the shore . Little game When it comes to watching wildlife , the Skeleton Coast is n't about big game . Guides focus on small mammals , birds and insects and the stories of how they survive . With ocean fogs the only moisture supply , creatures conserve what they can . Black-backed jackals lick humidity from stones . Desert beetles channel droplets along their backs and into their mouths . Tok-tokkie beetles pair up , then climb on top of one another , taking it in turns to provide shade . Without compass or Sat Nav , Bariar drives us on a convoluted route back into the desert . He suggests I look out the window for "  unexpected stones " -- indicators to turn left or right or double back a touch . They 're meant to keep vehicles on course and not flatten tracts of this delicate ecosystem . Hear the dunes roar We arrive at the legendary "  roaring " dunes , climb to the top and slide down on our butts . I know the fearsome rumble comes from air trapped between grains of sand , but I still glance up convinced there are low-flying jets overhead . The next couple of days are spent hiking through gorges , tracking desert-adapted elephants and exploring a wilderness that never seems to end . What looks like wasteland to me is , to the Himba people , home . More : Zimbabwe proposes "  Disneyland in Africa " They 're the last of Namibia 's nomadic pastoralists : they grow nothing and eat only meat . The women braid their hair and scrub their bodies with ocher to keep clean . Their skin gleams like polished copper in the sun . One morning , we visit their camp . The trip is laid on for tourists , but when it 's over we head to the home of one of the guides on the tour . His mother offers me a necklace of porcupine quills as young girls sit and smile . Eventually they overcome their shyness and get up to sing . As I leave , I notice a small boy , eyeing me from the top of a dune . Keen to impress , he somersaults over the top and falls flat on his face in the sand . He gets up , shakes himself down and laughs . Even in this tough environment , the survivors find plenty of reasons to smile . Wilderness Safaris  +27 11 807 1800  and Skeleton Coast Safaris  +264 61 224 248  are two companies providing tours of Namibia 's Skeleton Coast . Karen Bowerman is a travel writer and former BBC broadcaster who specializes in conservation issues and adventure travel .	Only 800 people a year allowed to visit bleak but beautiful region Skeletons from whaling industry litter shoreline -- hence the macabre name Wildlife watching mostly small scale here , not Africa 's usual big game Human inhabitants , Namibia 's last pastoralists , eat only meat
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Anti-government rage erupted in central Beirut Sunday as protesters clashed with security forces after a funeral for the nation 's intelligence chief . A mob pushed toward the prime minister 's office , hurling sticks , stones and flags and calling for his dismissal . Gunfire could be heard as police used tear gas to turn away crowds . At least 15 members of the military were wounded , according to the office of Prime Minister Najib Mitaki . A smaller , peaceful demonstration continued later Sunday as government figures called for calm . But deep-rooted political and sectarian tensions still simmered . Protesters , many of them allied with Sunni coalitions that have long been sharply critical of the Lebanese government 's perceived closeness with the Syrian regime , blamed Mitaki for not preventing Friday 's deadly car bomb blast that killed Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan . Do n't know who is who in Lebanon ? A guide to key players Many anti-Syrian politicians in Lebanon blamed Syria for the assassination . "  We do n't want our prime minister to be our leader , hiding  Syrian President  Bashar  al-Assad 's  crimes , " one angry protester shouted as he rushed toward the government building . "  They are responsible for Wissam al-Hassan 's blood . " Friday 's attack -- in broad daylight , at one of the capital 's busiest areas -- left a crater more than a meter  3 feet , 3 inches  deep and also killed al-Hassan 's bodyguard and a bystander . The intelligence chief 's death brought a sense of deja vu to Lebanese , recalling the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , which triggered the end of Syria 's occupation of Lebanon and the turmoil that followed . Mikati , a billionaire supported by Syrian ally Hezbollah , announced Saturday that he planned to stay in power , despite having offered his resignation to appease those who claimed Syria 's al-Assad was behind Friday 's car bombing that killed al-Hassan . "  To hold me personally responsible for the assassination is unfair , " he told reporters Saturday . "  I have always respected and admired al-Hassan , who has done great things for Lebanon . " Al-Hassan had spearheaded investigations of Hariri 's death and a series of killings that targeted major anti-Syrian political figures . Sunday 's violence broke out after a series of political speeches given to the crowd gathered in Beirut 's central square for al-Hassan 's funeral . "  This government is responsible for the assassination of martyr  al-Hassan  and his companion martyrs , therefore , this government must leave , " former Prime Minister Fouad Siniora told the crowd . After his speech , "  the participants immediately called on people to head to the prime minister 's office . The call was mentioned repeatedly in provocative language , " read a statement from Mitaki 's office . "  We put these facts forward to the public and we hold those people , who provoked with their slogans and actions , responsible for the attempt to storm the prime minister 's office . " A mob surged from the central square toward the minister 's office , growing in number and in intensity . Dozens rushed toward police lines . Clashes also took place in Tripoli , Lebanon , between supporters and opponents of Syria 's government , Lebanon 's National News Agency said . Some politicians had called for a day of rage Sunday , as accusations over who 's responsible for the most high-profile assassination in Lebanon in more than seven years homed in on al-Assad 's government . Others , including speakers at the funeral , had urged crowds to remain peaceful . Syria and Hezbollah condemned the blast very quickly after it happened on Friday . But al-Hassan 's work would have earned him a number of enemies , particularly among pro-Syrian elements in Lebanon and in Damascus . He was aligned with the March 14 movement , the anti-Syrian regime coalition that emerged after Hariri 's assassination in 2005 . That movement was key in forcing the withdrawal of Syrian troops , which had long occupied neighboring Lebanon and pulled out months after Hariri was killed . He had worked closely with the U.N. Special Tribunal for Lebanon investigating the Hariri assassination . He had survived two assassination attempts , including one that killed an official getting evidence in Hariri 's killing . While Lebanese authorities continued investigating Friday 's attack , many among the crowd at Sunday 's funeral said they were convinced Syria was responsible for al-Hassan 's death . Some booed when Mitaki 's face flashed across large screens showing the event . "  If you 're against the Syrian government , you 'll be eliminated , " one attendee named Ahmed said . "  If you 're not against it , then you 're fine , you 're safe . " A woman named Nathalie said she came to the funeral to show the world that Lebanon would never surrender to terrorism . "  We 're all here today to show the whole world and even the Syrian regime that we 'll never be afraid of them , " she said , "  and Lebanon will never be Syria . " CNN 's Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : Clashes erupt in Tripoli between supporters , opponents of Syria 's government Protester : "  We do n't want our prime minister to be our leader " The violence comes after a series of political speeches at Wissam al-Hassan 's funeral Many anti-Syrian politicians in Lebanon blamed Syria for the assassination
Joplin , Missouri  CNN  -- Like nearly every high school senior who has donned a cap and gown , Scott Lauridsen was excited . Finally , after four years at Joplin High School , it was time to go . Graduate . Celebrate . Step up to the next stage of his young life . "  I was excited -- ready to start things new and move onto college and experience life and then all this happened , " said Lauridsen , 18 , one day after one of the deadliest American twisters on record ripped through his hometown of Joplin , Missouri . And now ? "  Now I 'm just worried about helping out with the community and getting things back together , " he said . A recent graduate 's joy : Another casualty of Sunday 's terrible tornado . Lauridsen was one of about 450 seniors to receive a diploma from Joplin High School this year . Their graduation ceremony at a local university wrapped up just as the storm started to roll in . Students streamed out of the gymnasium and onto an open lawn as proud parents , family and friends snapped pictures -- smiling graduates against a backdrop of darkening skies . A light rain began to fall and people rushed to their cars . Aaron Frost , another graduate , left with his girlfriend . They were headed to a restaurant to meet his family when Frost , 18 , got a call from his mother . "  She pretty much demanded that we pulled over , " he said . "  I would have drove right into the storm . My mom pretty much saved me there . " Frost and his girlfriend ducked into a Fast Trip convenience store and took cover , along with about 18 other people , inside a walk-in cooler . "  You ca n't really do anything , " he said . "  We just bent over and covered our heads . " A piece of glass struck Frost 's hand but otherwise he is fine . The store and his car were not as lucky . Later , Frost went by his old school , where the roof was ripped off and debris was strewn across the lawn . Kerry Sachetta , principal at Joplin High School , described the damage as "  terrible . " "  I walked around as much as I could to see it and it just looks like it 's been bombed from the outside in , " he said . Joplin 's public school district has canceled classes for the rest of the year . "  To see my high school flattened is especially hard , " said Frost . "  It 's indescribable . " His concern is made worse by the uncertainty of not knowing what happened to some people from his community . Phone service in the area is spotty and friends have struggled to connect . Lauridsen said Will Norton , another Joplin graduate and a friend of his , is missing . Norton and his dad were driving home when the storm hit . A Facebook page has been set up to help locate him . "  My dad said ... his seat belt snapped and he was ejected through the sunroof , " said Sara Norton , Will 's sister . Their father is in stable condition , she said , but the family is still trying to pin down exactly where Will might be . "  It just makes me sad to know so many of my classmates have lost their homes and some of them are still missing , " said Taylor Costley , 18 , another 2011 graduate of Joplin High School . She rode out the storm at home with her father , brother and grandparents , fearing for her mother who was briefly -- but terrifyingly -- out of contact . "  Graduation 's supposed to be a joyous occasion , but we ca n't really feel that happy about it , " Costly said . "  At the same time , I 'm so thankful I 'm OK and my family 's OK . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	A Facebook page is set up to help locate missing graduate Will Norton He was one of about 450 seniors to graduate from Joplin High School Sunday The high school principal says the school looks like "  it 's been bombed from the outside in " Joplin 's public school district has canceled classes for the rest of the year
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration has fired two air traffic controllers , one of whom worked in Knoxville , Tennessee , and the other in Miami , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said Wednesday . Both were fired for sleeping incidents , according to the Transportation Department . The firings followed a spate of incidents in which controllers in various cities were reported to be sleeping while on duty . The controllers fired Wednesday were not identified , but one such sleeping incident at the Miami Air Route Traffic Control Center was among the most recently reported , with the FAA suspending a unidentified controller there last Saturday . In February , a controller was found sleeping while on duty in the radar room at the McGhee Tyson Airport in Knoxville . The FAA said earlier this month it was taking steps to fire that controller . Aside from Miami and Knoxville , cases of sleeping controllers have been reported in Washington ; Seattle , and Reno , Nevada . There have been two suspected cases in Lubbock , Texas . All the incidents occurred during controllers ' midnight shifts . Most -- though not all -- of the lapses occurred at local control towers . In at least one incident , the FAA has said the controller deliberately went to sleep , while some of the others appear to have been accidental . In response to the reports , top officials from the FAA and the air traffic controllers ' union began a cross-country tour of air traffic control facilities this week to hold a series of meetings about safety and professionalism . And federal officials announced a series of new regulations Saturday aimed at preventing air traffic controllers from falling asleep while on duty . Among other things , controllers now must have a minimum of nine hours off between shifts , instead of the current minimum of eight hours , LaHood said . In addition , controllers can no longer be put on an unscheduled midnight shift following a day off . FAA managers also will schedule their own shifts so as to ensure greater coverage in the early morning and late night hours , the secretary added . LaHood said the FAA and the air traffic controllers ' union agreed to implement changes immediately following the series of recent incidents involving sleeping air traffic controllers . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	The firings follow a spate of reports about snoozing controllers Federal officials announced new regulations Saturday aimed at preventing such incidents The FAA and the controllers ' union agreed to immediate changes
CNN  -- Simba Makoni , the former Zimbabwean finance minister and presidential candidate in the country 's last elections , describes himself as "  an eternal optimist . " "  I believe those of us who do n't see a half-empty glass but a half-full glass will prevail over those of us who want to keep us stuck in the past , " he said reassuringly as he concluded his speech Tuesday at a Royal African Society event in the UK entitled "  Whither Zimbabwe ? " Yet , Makoni 's optimism-filled end remarks could do little to lift the gloom that had descended upon the packed room moments ago while he was describing life in today 's Zimbabwe . "  Surviving is very difficult on a daily basis , " Makoni , founder and president of the Mavambo.Kusile.Dawn party , had told earlier the crowd of analysts , activists and members of the diaspora gathered at London 's School of Oriental and African Studies  SOAS  . Unemployment is soaring , he said , and acute food shortages threaten vulnerable parts of the population with starvation . Schools are short of books and hospitals often lack the most basic supplies -- just a few days ago , he said , a hospital in Harare was left without running water . "  This is why all our leaders when they 're falling ill they leave the country and go for treatment in Thailand , in Singapore , in Malaysia , in the UK and the rest of us must die , " he said . Read related : Inside Zimbabwe 's controversial Marange diamond field A former member of Robert Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party , Makoni first joined Zimbabwe 's government in 1980 , the year the southern African country gained its independence from Great Britain . He served as a deputy minister of agriculture before leading the industry and energy development . During his tenure as finance minister in the 2000s , Makoni backed the devaluation of the Zimbabwean dollar and faced strong opposition as some of his policies contradicted the rest of ZANU-PF . He left the party in 2008 to run for president against Mugabe , garnering 8.3 % of the vote in that year 's controversial elections . Makoni 's speech at SOAS was billed as a conversation "  on issues in contemporary Zimbabwean politics . " Yet , it felt more like the launch of a new presidential campaign . Makoni blamed Zimbabwe 's unity government for failing to meet people 's expectations and regenerate the economy in a country beset by widespread poverty . "  The people of Zimbabwe are thoroughly disgruntled with the inclusive government and they would like the shortest opportunity to be rid of -LSB- it -RSB- , " he said . Zimbabwe has been ruled by a fragile power-sharing government cobbled together after 2008 's disputed elections prompted months of violence that paralyzed the country . Under the deal , ZANU-PF leader Robert Mugabe remained president while his political foe , Morgan Tsvangirai , head of the Movement for Democratic Change  MDC-T  , became prime minister . Third party leader Arthur Mutambara was named deputy prime minister . Yet , tensions have always remained high within the coalition . Its two main parties quickly formed polarized political camps , quarreling publicly on a number of issues , including the draft of a new constitution . After many disagreements about the date of the next vote , Zimbabwe is now expected to go to polls within a year . Makoni said that Zimbabweans "  are yearning for elections the soonest " but are also "  fearful of the violence " that had engulfed past votes . "  They would like assurances that that election would be free and fair , without violence and intimidation . " He noted , however , that Zimbabwe does not need a new constitution to hold free and fair elections . In principle , Makoni said , the existing law and institutions such as the Zimbabwean Electoral Commission are adequate : "  If we put the right people in it but more importantly if we take out the wrong people who are in it at the moment . " Read : Zimbabwe ` open for business ' Last month , a Freedom House survey said that support for Tsvangirai 's party fell from 38 % to 20 % in the last two years , while Mugabe 's ZANU-PF grew from 17 % to 31 % in the same period . But also in August , a survey by Afrobarometer described a different picture , giving ZANU-PF 32 % and MDC-T 31 % . Presented with these figures , which show that 2013 's elections will be once again a contest between Mugabe and Tsvangirai , Makoni was quick to stress that 47 % of the respondents in the Freedom House survey did not disclose their voting preferences . "  That is the most significant for me , " he said . "  For me and for others who are not in that global political agreement that is our target constituent because whoever gets half of that 47 % is the person who will make the government of Zimbabwe the next time around . " Mugabe , who 's been in power for 32 years , has blamed many of his country 's economic woes on the sanctions , imposed by the United States and the European Union in 2002 . But Makoni argued that the sanctions , which include travel bans , and freezing of assets , were not affecting ordinary people . Instead , he said , the measures are aimed at Mugabe and his allies . "  These are targeted measures against individuals who are perceived to perpetuate the violation of human rights , " said Makoni , who was also subject to the EU travel ban in the 2000s as a member of Mugabe 's regime . Trade between Zimbabwe and the EU grew by almost 50 % in the last 12 months , Makoni said . Nearly all of the country 's platinum production and most of its tobacco is heading to the northwestern hemisphere , he added . "  These things do n't happen in a country that is under sanctions , particularly trade and economic sanctions , " he said . "  Now , if barring Robert Mugabe and Grace Mugabe coming to London to shop at Harrods are sanctions against Zimbabwe , you will have to make a new definition of sanctions . " Looking toward the upcoming vote , Mokani said that his party has already began conversations in Zimbabwe to bring together other political groups and patriotic Zimbabweans who can help the country escape its hardship . Not surprisingly , he said was hopeful about the Zimbabwe of tomorrow -- the people 's resilient spirit and skills , coupled with a better management of Zimbabwe 's natural resources , will all contribute to the country 's resurgence , he said . "  There is a silver lining around this dark cloud hovering over Zimbabwe , " declared Makoni . "  The future of Zimbabwe is bright . " And when asked about who was going to win the next elections , Makoni , as optimistic as ever , replied : "  Simba Makoni . "	Simba Makoni is a Zimbabwean politician who ran for president in 2008 He says the country 's unity government has not met people 's expectations Zimbabwe is expected to hold elections in next 12 months Makoni says the "  future of Zimbabwe is bright "
CNN  Wildlife services in California are being pushed to their limits this year . Since January 2015 , every month has set a record in sea lion "  strandings , " mostly sea lion pups , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  There has been an unusually high number of sea lions stranded since January , " said Justin Greenman , assistant stranding coordinator for NOAA on the West Coast . "  Stranding does happen , but just to give you perspective , 1,800 -LSB- sea lion -RSB- pups have been responded to this year alone . We responded to 1,600 strandings total during the entire year in 2013 , " he said . Stranding is the official term to describe marine life that "  swim or float into shore and become beached or stuck , " according to NOAA . Strandings are taking a toll on the resources available in coastal counties from San Diego to Santa Barbara . Local care facilities have taken in more stranded sea lions this year than 2004-12 combined , and it is only mid-March . Greenman said he expects the problem to continue beyond April , when weaning normally occurs , when the pups are 10 or 11 months old . Dave Koontz , director of communications for SeaWorld San Diego , said SeaWorld has rescued nearly 500 sea lions this year . "  This is a new record for Sea World , " Koontz said . "  In 1983 we rescued 474 . " Some of the sea lions responded to have had to be euthanized . "  They -LSB- sea lion pups -RSB- have to be able to eat and fish on their own before they can be released back into the wild , and a lot of these pups have n't even been weaned , " Greenman said . Greenman said California has had warmer weather than usual this year , and , while NOAA is still conducting studies on the Channel Islands to get a more proven explanation , warmer water drives the food source farther out or deeper into the ocean , where the colder water is . When food is farther away , the mothers are away from the pup too long in search of food , and return with little food or too few nutrients for a growing sea lion . "  We have been seeing emaciated or dehydrated sea lions show up on beaches , " Greenman said . However , he said , the species has made a comeback since the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 . California 's sea lion population has grown to 300,000 from an estimated population of 10,000 in the 1950s , according to the Washington Department of Fish & Wildlife . People who observe stranded sea lions are advised not to touch them or attempt to rescue them , because it can be dangerous and it is illegal . Instead , call any of the rescue agencies listed on NOAA West Coast Region 's website . If the animal has died , the local dead animal pickup service should be alerted .	"  There has been an unusually high number of sea lions stranded since January , " NOAA representative says The speculation is mothers are having difficulty finding food , leaving pups alone too long or malnourished
NEW YORK  CNN  -- On the eve of his address at the U.N. General Assembly Thursday , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declared his country to be "  a new model for life to the world . " He also said that the United States might be willing to "  highjack " the Middle East uprisings , according to Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA . Ahmadinejad 's appearance at the United Nations in New York comes a day after two U.S. hikers , held in an Iranian prison for more than two years , were released . Wednesday evening , Ahmadinejad met with a group of U.S. university students , and then gave an interview to Iranian satellite television . His office provided translated quotes from both . The Iranian leader said "  that the world is in need of change , and Marxism , liberalism , humanism and the West could not solve man 's problems , " his office said . Ahmadinejad added that "  relying on its culture and rich civilization , " Iran is "  the only nation " that "  can offer a new model for life to the world . " He told the students "  that the U.S. may be willing to highjack the regional uprisings but a stormy movement is under way , " IRNA reported . "  Elsewhere in his speech , he said that the U.N. was set up with the objective of preventing bullying in the world , but this did not happen , " IRNA reported . Ahamdinejad also gave an interview to New York Times Op-Ed columnist Nicholas Kristof in which he discussed the dispute over Iran 's nuclear activities . He said that if the United States gave Iran 20 % enriched uranium , "  we will cease the domestic enrichment of uranium of up to 20 % this very week . We only want the 20 % enrichment for our domestic consumption . If they give it to us according to international law , according to IAEA laws , without preconditions , we will cease domestic enrichment . " Many countries , including the United States , believe Iran is trying to create a nuclear weapons program , but Tehran insists its activities are only to provide energy for the country .	Ahamdinejad : The U.S. may be willing to "  highjack " uprisings in the Middle East The Iranian president says Iran would cease enriching uranium to 20 % if the U.S. provided it
LONDON , England  CNN  -- With every click of his camera , Japanese photographer and activist Shuuichi Endou hopes to draw attention to the plight of Tuvalu , a remote nation of people whose home is slowly disappearing . Tuvalu is the world 's fourth smallest country behind Vatican City , Monaco and Pacific Ocean neighbor Nauru . He 's taking 10,000 photos , one of each person who lives there , to show the world the human face of climate change . "  Tuvaluans do not ask much , neither goods nor money , " he says . "  In Japan , people sacrifice their time and life to get more goods and money . I hope the viewers see the contrast by looking at the photos . We 're sacrificing peaceful Tuvalu . " At first glance , Tuvalu is an island paradise , 26 square kilometers of white sand and lush foliage in the Pacific Ocean , north of Fiji . But the sea level is rising , so much so that the nation 's water has become too salty to drink and to grow vegetables , especially taro , a vegetable that was once the island 's staple food . "  As they do n't have water and food , they began to import food from overseas , says Endou , who set up the NGO Tuvalu Overview to highlight their cause . "  As they began to import , their consumption has been increasing . As a result , more and more products began to be imported . This changed Tuvaluans ' diet and increased the amount of waste . " A global appeal Tuvalu 's government considers the situation so urgent it has allocated some of the nation 's meager budget to pay for its own permanent ambassador to the United Nations in New York . Afelee Pita took up the job in December 2006 and within months had given perhaps the most important speech ever made by a Tuvaluan : an address to a Special Session of the United Nations Security Council on Energy , Climate and Security . "  That was my very first statement that I issued and it was also a challenging one because it had never been done before , particularly at that level at the Security Council , " Pita says . He told the assembled dignitaries : "  The world has moved from a global threat once called the Cold War , to what now should be considered the ` Warming War ' . Our conflict is not with guns and missiles but with weapons from everyday lives -- chimney stacks and exhaust pipes . " click here for the full speech New York is a long way from home for the native Tuvaluan . Back on the island he 'd be more likely to go for an early morning canoe ride than negotiate thousands of commuters on the subway . "  Living in New York is totally different compared to where we come from . Life is not that easy of course . You have so many strangers . At home , you know everybody -LSB- and -RSB- whatever you do everybody knows , " he laughs . Securing a future While he 'd much rather be at home -- "  Definitely there 's nothing like home " -- Pita feels that his time in New York is vital in helping to secure the future of the islands . "  My ultimate objective is to contribute as much as I can in terms of trying to establish relations with as many member states in the UN as possible , and more importantly to secure some sort of commitment from the international community in terms of development projects and any kind of assistance they can provide to us . " The Tuvalu nation wants to invest in renewable energy projects , to reduce the island 's own reliance on fossil fuels for energy . "  Sometimes you have to clean your own house first before you look outside , " Pita says . In English , Tuvalu means "  eight standing together " . On the issue of climate change , Tuvalu hopes the world will stand together with them . "  To me it 's not an easy issue to solve , particularly in terms of trying to get the commitment of rich countries , " Pita says . "  I can , of course , understand their reasoning and how they look at the issue but I think what we need to do is to continue raising our concerns and hopefully one day the community will listen and try to commit something . "	Pacific nation Tuvalu feeling the effects of climate change , sea level rising fast Japanese activist drawing attention to its plight by taking photos of islanders Tuvalu sent its own ambassador to the United Nations to raise awareness Island nation seeking aid to invest in renewable energy , infrastructure
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- The tiny Gulf state of Qatar will amend its labor laws in an effort to improve the living standards of migrant workers , its Interior and Labor ministries said Wednesday . The changes are based on recommendations published in a report by international law firm DLA Piper which Qatar commissioned last year to review workers ' conditions . It followed months of criticism by rights groups and media reports alleging abuse and exploitation of laborers as the country prepares to host the 2022 World Cup . Among the notable amendments : expatriate workers no longer need their employer 's permission to leave the country or to change jobs . DLA Piper 's report said the old restrictions could "  result in a situation where migrant workers are ` trapped ' in Qatar , with an abusive employer , and without means of exit or the ability to legally transfer to another employer for months . " Regulations over "  exit stamps , " which are needed to leave the country , are also being eased under the proposed changes . "  It is alleged that employers / sponsors are using this -LSB- Exit Stamp -RSB- authority to prevent migrant workers from leaving Qatar thus giving rise to circumstances of apparent forced labor , " DLA Piper 's report said of the requirement for employers to issue an Exit Stamp . The amendments need to be approved by the consultative body known as the Shura Council , then the government , before they become law . No time frame has been given . The changes have been met with a lukewarm response from Qatar 's critics . Amnesty International said it was a "  missed opportunity " by Qatar . "  Proposed reforms announced by the Government of Qatar fall far short of the fundamental changes needed to address systemic abuses against migrant workers in the construction , domestic and other sectors , " it said in a statement . The International Trade Union Confederation  ITUC  called the proposals "  cosmetic " and added that "  modern slavery will still exist in Qatar . " "  There is no freedom of association , no minimum wage , and no effective labour compliance system , " a statement said . Amnesty 's researcher James Lynch added : "  While some of the measures announced today are positive and if implemented would improve conditions for workers , they do not go nearly far enough . " Ali Al-Khulaifi , Director of Planning and Quality Department at the Ministry of Labor , said that minimum wage would continue to be determined by the individual agreements between Qatar and home countries of migrant workers . When asked about trade unions he said they were still studying the options .	Qatar will amend its labor laws to improve the living standards for migrant workers It followed months of criticism by rights groups and media reports The changes have been met with a lukewarm response from critics
CNN  The case of three teenage British girls , who are believed to have traveled to Syria to join ISIS , has refocused attention on the Islamic extremist group 's appeal to young people . Children and young people feature in the terrorist group 's propaganda , including a recent video showing boys in camouflage and ISIS bandanas learning hand-to-hand combat . The militants call them their "  Cubs of the Caliphate . " Experts say ISIS has especially ramped up its efforts to lure young women -- seen as potential brides for its fighters -- into the territory under its brutal control in Syria and Iraq . But that still leaves the question of why its recruitment drive appears to be proving so successful . "  There 's no question what we 're combating with ISIL 's propaganda machine is something we have not seen before , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told CNN . "  It 's something we need to do a lot more work on . We are seeing 90,000 , I think , tweets a day that we 're combating . " The militants have repeatedly promoted videos using high-level production techniques to celebrate their brutality . A short mash-up clip in September played like a trailer for an action movie , with slow-motion explosions and flames engulfing American troops . UK surveillance chief Robert Hannigan has said ISIS and other extremist groups use platforms like Twitter , Facebook and WhatsApp to reach their target audience in a language it understands . Their methods include exploiting popular hashtags to disseminate their message , he said . ISIS also use its Western recruits to promote the cause to other people like them back home . And the extremist group is putting a particular focus on girls , analysts say . "  We 're seeing young women from across Western countries both expressing their support for and migrating to Syria now in totally unprecedented numbers , " said Sasha Havlicek , chief executive of the Institute for Strategic Dialogue . "  And I would say this is the result really of an extremely sophisticated propaganda recruitment machinery that 's targeting young women very specifically . " How ISIS makes  and takes  money Analysts say that ISIS can appeal to young people 's religious idealism and to a desire to escape the frustrations of life in the West . "  ISIS provides a utopian political project , the so-called caliphate , the centralized Islamic rule , " Gerges said . "  ISIS provides these deluded young men and women with an adventurous trip . " As a reward for allegiance , ISIS loyalists receive gifts from Allah including "  a house with free electricity and water provided to you due to the Khilafah  the caliphate or state  and no rent included , " according to Aqsa Mahmood , a British teenager who left Scotland to join ISIS in 2013 . "  Sounds great , right ? " writes Mahmood , who now appears to blog about life under ISIS rule and is believed to have communicated with one of the three British girls who recently left for Syria . Mahmood offers assurances to women who might be worried about roughing it : "  You can find shampoos , soaps and other female necessities here , so do not stress if you think you will be experiencing some cavewoman life here . " Western officials , though , say that ISIS is pushing a false narrative of what it 's really like in its territory . People who heed its call "  erroneously believe they are going out to help people , " said Yasmin Qureshi , a British lawmaker . "  And they do n't think ISIS is doing anything wrong because they think ISIS is helping people in their sort of warped thinking . " Everything to know about the rise of ISIS "  It took so little time for these three young , innocent , vulnerable girls to from the heart of London to the heart of Turkey -- and probably they are in areas controlled either by ISIS or other militant groups , " said Gerges , referring to the British teenagers . He stressed "  the important presence of a person who basically serves as a middleman or middlewoman between young men and women in the West and ISIS militants in Iraq and Syria . " U.S. investigators studied the case of three teenage Colorado girls who tried to join ISIS last year to learn more about how the militant group recruits young people in the West . The FBI found examples of Westerners already in the ISIS fold who were communicating directly with new recruits via social media . Believed to be operating from Turkey , Syria and Iraq , the online recruiters helped provide how-to guides for Westerners who are inclined to travel and join the ISIS fight , officials said . But even after identifying them , officials could n't see a clear path to arresting them . Most are thought to be out of reach of U.S. law enforcement . How ISIS is run Social media services may have been largely invented in the West , but ISIS is outflanking governments in how it uses the platforms . "  We are way behind . They are far superior and advanced than we are when it comes to new media technologies , " Maajid Nawaz , a former jihadi and author of "  Radical : My Journey out of Islamist Extremism , " told CNN last year . British Prime Minister David Cameron has said the case of the three British girls highlights the need to fight ISIS on multiple fronts . "  It needs every school , every university , every college , every community to recognize they have a role to play , we all have a role to play in stopping people from having their minds poisoned by this appalling death cult , " he said . The U.S. government is trying to step up its efforts to counter ISIS propaganda by beefing up a small State Department agency to make it the heart of the fight against the militants ' messaging . "  We 're seeing their approaches continue to evolve , " Psaki told CNN . "  We need to continue to make sure ours are evolving and we 're combating it in the most strategic way and using every interagency resource . " But she acknowledged that the United States still has a lot to do . "  We 're really going to pick it up now , " Psaki said . "  We have new people in charge of the office . And we will see what happens over the coming months . " From Scottish teen to ISIS bride and recruiter CNN 's Michael Holmes contributed to this report .	ISIS has "  an extremely sophisticated propaganda recruitment machinery , " analyst says It 's particularly focusing efforts on luring young women to its territory Western governments are scrambling to try to combat ISIS ' recruitment drive
CNN  For several days after receiving a letter from the Indonesian president rejecting his plea for clemency , Myuran Sukumaran could n't paint . "  I felt really sorry for him , " said award-winning Australian artist Ben Quilty , who has been mentoring Sukuamaran , a convicted drug smuggler , in Bali 's Kerobokan prison since late 2011 . "  But I also said , ` Myuran , what are you doing ? Are you just going to sit around and wait for this ? You 've got nothing else to do , go back to work and start making paintings . ' " So he did . In the last week or so , Sukumaran has thrown himself into his painting and the prison art classes he set up and leads five days a week . He knows that in the days or weeks ahead , he could be led out of his cell with Andrew Chan , his co-conspirator in a failed 2005 drug plot , blindfolded and shot by an Indonesian firing squad . The men , now aged 33 and 31 , can only wait and hope that a final legal bid succeeds in saving their lives . Later this week , the men 's Indonesian lawyers hope to file what 's known as a PK to request a second judicial review . Australian lawyer Julian McMahon said there 's a "  strong basis " for another review to be granted . "  The first PK was filed four years ago and was eventually rejected , however , so the next step was the clemency process under the clemency law and the constitution , " McMahon said . However , he said that while the matter was being considered by the offices of the previous and current president , the law changed to allow for a second judicial review . He said , "  It 's not appropriate to file a second judicial review while the matter is sitting with the president . Now , that the letters from the president have rejected clemency , that enables the second judicial review to be brought on . " Lawyers will be pointing to evidence of the men 's rehabilitation in prison . During their time behind bars , they 've said to have become respected inmates who have built a support network for others around them . "  They 're both behaving in a very dignified way , " McMahon said , who visited them in prison as recently as Wednesday morning . "  They 're looking after their families who are visiting and they 're both working hard on the same things they 've been doing for years ; Myuran running an art class and Andrew running a prayer service . " President Joko Widodo has made it clear he wo n't be stepping in to save the pair -- the only two of the drug gang known as the Bali Nine who were sentenced to death . Widodo told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour earlier this week , "  Every day we have 50 people die because of narcotics , of drugs . In one year , it 's 18,000 people who die because of narcotics . We are not going to compromise for drug dealers . No compromise . No compromise . " The last time Quilty visited Sukumaran in his prison art class , he said the talented painter had already worked out a succession plan so the classes would continue without him . "  Last time I felt like he wasted an hour with me just talking through the logistics about how the classes would run if he 's gone , which was very upsetting , " Quilty said . "  He pointed out to me in the class quietly who the strong artists were , with the most future in the art practice . "  And he also introduced me to the two young Indonesian men who he 's basically mentoring to take over his role if he 's gone . " Last weekend , the families of both men made a public appeal for their lives to be spared . "  I 'm confident that if  the Indonesian president  knows what they 've done and how much they have changed , I 'm sure he would not have the heart to order them to be executed , " Myuran 's mother , Raji Sukumaran , said tearfully . The men were arrested in Bali in 2005 after Australian Federal Police told Indonesian authorities that they 'd received a tip-off . Four couriers with heroin strapped to the bodies were arrested with Chan as they tried to leave Indonesia . Sukumaran was detained in a Kuta hotel with three others who had been enlisted as mules . On Thursday night , a candlelight vigil organized by Quilty will be held in Sydney 's Martin Place as a show of support for the two prisoners . Musicians will perform in a concert called "  Music for Mercy . " Quilty said it 's not an attempt to convince the Indonesian authorities to spare them -- "  that 's out of my hands " -- but a personal tribute to his friend , and to show Sukumaran that he and Chan are not alone . "  It seemed like there was a very dark inevitability about what was going to happen to Myuran . And I thought , what can I do ? " "  I thought I can actually show the boys that there are people who care for them , just to give them a sense of dignity , I guess . "	Final legal challenge to be filed to save Australians on death row in Indonesia Supporters say the convicted drug smugglers are changed men who deserve a second chance Indonesian President Joko Widodo has denied them clemency
Washington  CNN  The massacre of some of France 's top cartoonists has turned a American nightmare -- that Western jihadists could return from war on terror battlefields to wreak carnage at home -- into reality . One of the two brothers suspected in the slaughter at the offices of a satirical magazine on Wednesday recently spent time in Yemen getting weapons training with one of the most dangerous Al-Qaeda affiliates in the world , US officials briefed on the matter told CNN 's Barbara Starr . And a French source close to the French security services says there is also evidence that one of the brothers , Said and Cherif Kouachi , has traveled to the the killing fields of Syria . The chilling revelations open up a potentially dangerous new phase of the struggle against global terrorism because thousands of European fighters are estimated to be fighting with ISIS and other extremist groups -- a rich pool of radicals who could overwhelm Western intelligence agencies should they come home with orders to sow terrorist panic at home . Top officials in Washington have another deeply held fear . Since many Western jihadists have European Union passports , they enjoy visa-free access to the United States , opening the possibility that someone -- not known to U.S. and allied intelligence services and who is not on American no-fly lists like the Kouachi brothers -- could get into the United States . "  That 's what multiplies our problem , " Republican Rep Ed Royce told CNN on Thursday . "  Them returning to Europe is a direct threat to them eventually , potentially coming here . " The paramilitary-style assault on the satirical French publication Charlie Hebdo killed 12 people also underscored a shift away from spectacular , large-scale attacks waged by foreign terror groups like the strike on Sept. 11 , 2001 . Instead , homegrown radicals inspired by or affiliated with jihadist organizations are launching more limited strikes that still achieve the core aim of terrorism : death , widespread fear and panic . The shift makes the task of preventing further terrorist attacks even more daunting for Western leaders . They must sift through countless clues of potential small-scale , lone-wolf attacks while also blunting the possibility of another massive strike that could kill thousands in a single incident . "  It is becoming a more and more complex terrorist threat , " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told CNN 's Dana Bash . These are "  actors who may lurk within our society , that could strike with little notice , commit an act of violence because they have been inspired by things they have seen on the Internet , social media , in literature , without accepting a direct order from ... a terrorist organization . " The plague of homegrown terror by radicals inspired by -- and sometimes affiliated with -- al Qaeda , ISIS and other groups , seems to be spreading across the globe . In October , a convert to Islam and self-appointed jihadist provoked terror in Ottawa -- Canada 's sleepy capital city -- by gunning down a soldier standing guard at a national war memorial . Two days earlier , a Canadian soldier was killed by a Muslim convert using a car as a deadly weapon . Just last month , a single hostage taker , apparently inspired by ISIS , seized a cafe in another unlikely terror hot spot -- Sydney , Australia -- killing two people before he was shot dead by police . And in 2013 , homegrown terror hit London , when two British Muslim converts turned extremists hacked soldier Lee Rigby to death in a brazen daylight attack . Republican Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said the sheer simplicity of the attack in Paris , in which masked gunmen drove up to the Charlie Hebdo offices and started spraying automatic weapons was particularly disturbing . "  That 's what keeps me up at night . The small scale attack that goes undetected , " he said . In this new front on the war on terror , extremists no longer need to infiltrate fighters on daring missions to set off car bombs in European cities or to hijack fuel-laden airplanes to knock down skyscrapers . They can instead call on willing recruits already in the midst of Western societies , inspired by increasingly targeted calls by groups like ISIS and al Qaeda to wage war at home . So far , there are no signs that Wednesday 's attack will lead to a heightened risk of terrorist actions in the United States . But the White House has long voiced fears that because of visa waiver programs with the United States , Europeans enjoy easy entry onto American soil , and radicals armed with nothing more than their maroon European Union passports could , in theory , export their terror . Senior U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials working closely with French counterparts will be especially keen to find out whether those behind the Paris attacks are veterans of ISIS ' fight in Syria . The fact that thousands of radicalized , trained and battle-hardened killers with the skills and motivation to attack Western targets could be coming home from war is deeply concerning to American counterterrorism officials . "  If these are foreign fighters coming back , it would be our worst fears realized , " said Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , a member of the House Intelligence Committee . But even if the attackers in Paris are not veterans of jihadism , they still may reflect a troubling evolution in the nature of terrorism , one that is especially hard for national security officials to combat . ISIS , which has carved up large swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq , has sought to inspire attacks on Western soil . It emerged recently in Australia that the group 's leaders had told potential fighters not to travel to Syria , but to stage attacks at home . "  This really is a pattern , " said Mike Rogers , the former chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , who is now a CNN national security analyst . "  It is new in that they were able to pull it off . " Thomas Sanderson , an expert on international terrorism at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said the risk to the United States from European fighters believed to have returned home after fighting in Syria and elsewhere was significant . Around 150 Americans are believed to have also joined the fight with ISIS . Sanderson also said videos of the assailants on the streets of Paris during the attack suggested they had some level of sophistication , a factor that will also alarm U.S. Homeland Security officials . "  They were not a couple of guys who woke up one day last week " and decided to launch an attack , Sanderson said . "  I am guessing they had battlefield experience . " Adnan Kifayat , a former State Department envoy to Muslim communities , said the Paris attack was particularly serious because it suggested radical Islamic groups were now succeeding in their campaign to use propaganda and social media to radicalize Muslims to stay in their home nations to conduct terrorism . "  Some of the messaging has been focused on ` do what you can to help the cause from where you are , ' " said Kifayat , now with the German Marshall Fund of the United States . "  They are trying to activate people where they stand . That is obviously scary and moving into a newish front . " That kind of motivational rhetoric has shown to be effective in the United States as well . U.S. Army Maj. Nidal Hasan was reportedly inspired by the teachings of and emails from Yemeni-based Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki before going on a shooting rampage at a base in Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 , killing 13 people . The White House said Wednesday that it is paying attention to the risk posed by foreign fighters and the inspiration radicals could find from jihadist groups abroad . "  As a general matter , we are very mindful of the threat from foreign fighters and the threat and the need to try to counter some of the extremist ideology that ISIL is propagating using some pretty sophisticated social media strategies , " said White House spokesman Josh Earnest . Daniel Benjamin , a former State Department counterterrorism official now at Dartmouth College , said the Paris attack showed an evolution of terrorism in a number of ways . "  There has n't been , to my knowledge , a major jihadist attack involving assault weapons in the West in memory , " Benjamin said , and also noted that it was significant that Wednesday 's assault took place in France , which despite having Europe 's biggest Muslim population , has been largely spared large-scale attacks by radicalized Islamists . Benjamin cautioned that it remained unclear whether the attackers in the Paris incident were linked or inspired by ISIS or another radical terror group like one of the various branches of al Qaeda . But he said it was increasingly likely that ISIS successes in holding onto territory in the Middle East were having an impact in the West . "  We have seen , just in the last few months , whether it is in Sydney or in Ottawa or in other places , that the perceived successes of ISIS in holding territory in Iraq and in Syria have had a galvanizing effect on those with radical tendencies , " he said . "  I fear this is something we are going to have to get used to . "	Paris attack underscores shift away from spectacular , large-scale attacks waged by foreign terror groups Instead , homegrown radicals inspired by or affiliated with jihadist organizations are launching more limited strikes
CNN  -- Tony Lip , who played mob figures in the hit cable show "  The Sopranos " and several critically acclaimed movies , died last week , according to a funeral home in Lodi , New Jersey . Lip , whose real name was Frank Vallelonga , died on January 4 , said an official with the Santangelo Funeral Home , which posted his obituary online . He was 82 . Lip was best known as the aging crime boss Carmine Lupertazzi in the hit HBO series "  The Sopranos , " where he appeared in 11 episodes . He played the leader of a New York crime family sometimes at odds with the series ' main character , Tony Soprano . His character died in the hospital after having a stroke on a golf course . He also was in the mob movies "  The Godfather , " "  GoodFellas " and "  Donnie Brasco . " He also compiled an Italian cookbook called "  Shut Up and Eat " that featured recipes from stars of "  The Sopranos " and from some famous New York-area restaurants . According to the Internet Movie Database , Lip worked for 12 years at the Copacabana nightclub in New York before getting an acting break as an uncredited player in "  The Godfather . " He is survived by two sons , actor/director Nick Vallelonga and Frank Vallelonga Jr. . Coroner confirms Winehouse cause of death Photos : Notable deaths in 2012	Tony Lip , born Frank Vallelonga , worked at the Copacabana club He played the head of a New York crime family in ` The Sopranos ' He broke into movies as an extra in ` The Godfather ' and had roles in other gangster films He also put together a cookbook of recipes from Italian-American actors
CNN  -- World number two Roger Federer stepped up his preparations for the Australian Open with an easy win over Spaniard Carlos Moya in the Kooyong Classic in Melbourne on Wednesday . Federer plays a backhand during his straight sets win over Moya in Melbourne . Federer , who will be looking to tie Pete Sampras with his 14th grand slam , opened with a 6-2 6-3 win in the eight-man invitational tournament . The Swiss has begun the year with successive defeats to world number four Andy Murray in Abu Dhabi and Dubai , but made no mistake against former French Open champion Moya . He needed just 57 minutes to progress at the former home of the Australian Open . "  I was a little rusty in the beginning , missed quite a few forehands , but I thought it was a good match overall , " he told the Press Association . "  There were a few gusts of wind , which makes it not easy to play , but I felt like I was playing OK . " Earlier , Federer 's compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka also had an easy win over Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis 6-2 6-2 . Federer 's next opponent will be Spanish Davis Cup hero Fernando Verdasco , who swept past young Croatian star Marin Cilic 6-2 7-5 . Second seed Fernando Gonzalez of Chile also went through as he beat Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia 6-4 6-3 .	Roger Federer wins his opening match at the Kooyong Classic in Melbourne The world number two sweeps past Carlo Moya of Spain in straight sets Fernando Verdasco of Spain and Fernando Gonzalez of Chile also go through
CNN  -- The suspect in the killing of Arkansas real estate agent Beverly Carter was asked this week by reporters : "  Why Beverly ? " Arron Lewis , 33 , answered directly . "  She was a rich broker , " he said . "  Because she was just a woman who worked alone -- a rich broker . " Authorities have said they believe Lewis was a stranger to Carter , 49 , whose body was found Tuesday in a shallow grave near Cabot , about 20 miles northeast of central Little Rock , Arkansas . In other words , she could have been anyone . "  I work as a team with my daughter . I just think it really made it hit home that it could have been her . It could have been me , " said Karen Crowson , a broker and past president of the Arkansas Realtors Association . Across the country , Realtors and agents are reeling in the wake of Carter 's death . Messages to the family have poured in on social media , laced with something in addition to sympathy : a determination to make sure what happened to Carter does n't happen again . "  We 've just gotten lax , " said Crowson , who works for the same firm as Carter did , and knew her . "  We live in the South and tend to think everybody 's a good person . We 're not , by nature , suspicious . " Of course , most of the time , people are good , and everything is fine . "  But it just takes one nut to take away a grandmother and mom , " Crowson said . ` Drastic wake-up call ' Carter 's death has already prompted changes in Crowson 's office . Going forward , the first meeting with a potential buyer will be required to be at the office , she said . Buyers will be asked for a copy of their identification and for some other information . Such steps can help take "  the power away from the criminal , " said Tracey Hawkins , a former agent , and safety and security expert who teaches real estate professionals how to stay safe . She said her services have been in high demand since Carter 's death . "  My fear is , for a while , agents will be all shook up ... but what inevitably happens is everyone gets complacent , " said Hawkins . She mentioned at least six other attacks on agents this year . In one , the agent was raped ; in another , he was beaten . There have been other instances of high-profile killings . In 2011 , 27-year-old Ashley Okland was killed while showing a home in Iowa . A few years earlier , in 2006 , Sarah Anne Walker was stabbed 27 times inside a model home in Texas . Each time an attack makes the news , agents vow to change , and then the momentum is lost . But Hawkins is hopeful . "  This has been a drastic wake-up call , " she said about Carter 's death . "  I think they  agents  are finally realizing the danger is not going away . " ` One 's too many ' Carter was killed in September , "  Realtor Safety Month , " for the National Association of Realtors . The group 's president elect , Chris Polychron , has promised to make safety a priority when he takes office . "  We 're not going to let it die , I can tell you that , " he said . "  It 's sad that it took a tragic death of one of our own to run the red flag up . " The exact details of Carter 's death are not yet known . She called her husband Thursday afternoon to tell him where she would be . When hours went by with no further word , Carl Carter said , he "  knew something was wrong . " He went to the address of the home Beverly Carter was showing and saw her brown Cadillac parked there . Noticing the property was open , the husband entered and searched for his wife without success . "  If we can prevent this from happening to another Realtor or real estate agent , I hope we can do that , " said Polychron . "  One 's too many . "	The death of Beverly Carter , 49 , has resonated among fellow real estate agents One security expert describes it as a "  drastic wake-up call " "  She was just a woman who worked alone -- a rich broker , " suspect says
An estimated 7 million people died due to air pollution globally in 2012 , with more than half of the deaths linked to indoor smoke from cook stoves , according to a report by the World Health Organization . Air pollution is now the "  single largest environmental health risk , " the U.N. health agency stated in the report . The majority of the deaths associated with air pollution were heart disease , stroke , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and lung cancer . "  Few risks have greater impact on global health today than air pollution : the evidence signals the need for concerted action to clean up the air we all breathe , " said Dr. Maria Neira , director of WHO 's Department for Public Health , Environmental and Social Determinants of Health in the report . The Western Pacific  which includes east Asia and the Pacific islands  and the Southeast Asian regions were estimated to be the hardest-hit , according to the report , with 2.8 million and 2.3 million deaths as a result of polluted air in 2012 . In the Southeast Asian region , the bulk of it , with 1.7 million premature deaths , was attributed to indoor air pollution . Around 3 billion people in the world rely on coal , wood and open-air fires for household cooking , according to the WHO 's estimates . In India , 63 % of the population uses such solid fuels for cooking . These fuels produce harmful pollutants such as fine particulate matter and carbon monoxide . Country-specific data was not yet available in the report . The WHO findings further noted that women in developing countries are more exposed to household air pollution than men . "  Poor women and children pay a hefty price from indoor air pollution since they spend more time at home breathing in smoke and soot from leaky coal and wood cook stoves , " said Dr. Flavia Bustreo , WHO assistant director of General Family , Women and Child 's Health in the report . Meanwhile , outdoor air pollution killed an estimated 3.7 million people , with more than 80 % of the deaths occurring in low - and middle-income countries . The sources for ambient pollution include diesel engines and industrial emissions . Sixty percent of these deaths were due to cardiovascular diseases like stroke and heart disease . Do anti-pollution car bans actually work ? China looks for blue-sky solutions as smog worsens	WHO describes air pollution as single largest environmental health risk Asian countries hardest hit by outdoor and indoor air pollution Majority of 7 million deaths linked with pollution are heart disease , stroke , lung diseases
In a much-anticipated report , the United Nations has concluded that chemical weapons have been used in the Syrian conflict . Experts investigated seven instances of alleged use and found that chemical weapons were either used , or likely used , in five of those instances . The case that was most clear to inspectors was an August incident near the capital , Damascus . "  The United Nations Mission collected clear and convincing evidence that chemical weapons were used also against civilians , including children , on a relatively large scale in the Ghouta area of Damascus on 21 August 2013 , " read the 82-page report , which was released on Thursday . Blood and urine samples from patients there tested positive for sarin and sarin signatures , it found . Anti-government activist groups say more than 1,300 people were killed in the attack in Ghouta -- many of them women and children . Graphic video footage showed rows of bodies without apparent injury , as well as people suffering convulsions or apparently struggling to breathe . U.N. inspectors also said they collected credible information , or evidence consistent with the probable use of chemical weapons , in Khan al Asal , Jobar , Saraqueb and Ashrafiah Sahnaya . They were unable to corroborate the allegation that chemical weapons were used in either Bahhariyeh or Sheik Maqsood . The report did not specify whether the government or opposition groups were responsible for the alleged attacks , which happened between March and August this year . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people overall have died since the Syrian conflict began in March 2011 . It began with a government crackdown on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement , then slowly spiraled into a bloody , full-blown civil war . Rebel leader denies he fled Also Thursday , a top Syrian rebel commander denied that he had abandoned his post and said he is working to resolve fighting among opposition groups in the country 's north . In the meantime , a decision by the United States and Britain to halt nonlethal aid makes sense , said Salim Idriss , chief of staff of the Free Syrian Army . Several U.S. administration officials had said that the fate of Idriss , a top rebel commander supported by the West , was uncertain as conflicts persisted between the Free Syrian Army and Islamist groups . Idriss denied reports that he fled to a Gulf state after the Islamic Front allegedly seized a warehouse held by the Free Syrian Army . He did leave Syria , but is working at his office on the Turkish border and has not left his job , Idriss told CNN . In this case , he was already in Turkey when the attack on the warehouse happened , he said . On Wednesday , Turkey sealed its border with Syria because of the fighting between opposition groups in Syria . In the past two days , Idriss has been talking with different groups and has tried to resolve their differences , he said . "  The situation in the north of Syria now is very complicated and very dangerous because there are some problems between some groups , and I think we will try and we should try everything now to find a solution for this problem , " he said . The Islamic Front , which announced its formation last month , is an alliance that includes tens of thousands of fighters from some of Syria 's most powerful Islamist groups , including Ahrar al-Sham , Suqour al-Sham , the Islamic Army and the Tawhid Brigade . The groups control territory in key areas across Syria and have been fighting forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad along the critical lines of Damascus and Aleppo , among other places . The front 's formation has diminished the stature of the Western-backed Free Syrian Army and its leadership abroad , the Syrian National Coalition , as leaders inside the country have sought to distance themselves from a command structure criticized for failing to serve the opposition 's needs on the ground . ` Infighting is growing ' The seizure of the warehouse this week could prove key in shaping how the United States deals with the Syrian opposition . "  The Syrian opposition has never been a unified fighting force but infighting is growing and , naturally , this is hindering cooperation on the battlefield , " said one U.S. official . "  At least temporarily , there will be more turbulence within the opposition as the new groups that have cropped up compete for power . What is n't clear yet is whether the various factions will refocus attention on toppling Assad or become embroiled in internecine fighting that would play to the regime 's advantage . " According to Idriss , the Islamic fighters did not take over the warehouse , but attacked a Free Syrian Army battalion that was protecting it and took its inventory . It was unclear which group gave the orders to attack the battalion , he said . The inventory that was inside the warehouse -- which was not American aid , Idriss said -- is in good shape and will hopefully be returned . Idriss admitted that he does n't fully trust the Islamists , but that an agreement must be reached to control the fighting and form a single command . The fighting among these groups opposed to al-Assad led the United States and Britain to suspend nonlethal aid to the rebel groups . "  It is very difficult now to pass the support to the right hands . And that 's why I can understand the , let me say , freezing the support for a period of time , " Idriss said . The Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army called the allegations that Idriss had abandoned his post rumors . "  Such rumors only serve to impact on the morale of our brothers fighting on the ground at a time when we need to concentrate on stopping the criminal regime , which continues to perpetrate horrific massacres all over the country against our people , " the council said in a statement .	The United Nations releases a much-anticipated report It finds "  convincing evidence " that such weapons were used against children The report does not say who is responsible for the attacks
CNN  -- Afraid that her husband will leave her for a younger woman , a 107-year-old Malaysian woman is looking to marry again -- for the 23rd time . Wok Kundor : "  I am an aged woman . I do n't have the body nor am I a young woman who can attract anyone . " Wok Kundor has been happily married for four years to her husband , a man 70 years her junior . But since he left their village in northern Terengganu state for a drug rehabilitation program in the capital , Kuala Lumpur , Wok has had a gnawing feeling . "  She said that she has been feeling insecure lately and she needs to find out whether he still loves her or not , " said R.S.N. Murali , a reporter for The Star . The English-language Malaysian daily was among several local media outlets reporting on the lifelong romantic . "  She is worried he might not come back after his program and find himself a younger wife , " Murali said . If so , Wok has her eyes set on a 50-year-old man , but hopes it does not come to that . "  I realize that I am an aged woman . I do n't have the body nor am I a young woman who can attract anyone , " she told the newspaper . "  My intention to remarry is to fill my forlornness , " particularly during the Muslim month of fasting , Ramadan , she said . Malaysian media , which has previously reported on the woman , said Wok has been married 22 times . That would make her marriages last an average of four years . Wok would not discuss past relationships , Murali said . "  Some of her better halves have passed away or have divorced , but she does n't want to talk about them or her children , " he said . Wok and her current husband , Mohammed Boor Che Musa , hail from the same village and met there . Muhammad , 37 , was quoted in an earlier report as saying the couple fell for each other because it was "  God 's will . " On Monday , he told The Star that he is still very much in love with his wife and can not dream of life with someone else . But Wok wants to hear him say it , Murali said . Soon , the centenarian plans to make the journey to Kuala Lumpur -- if she can find a neighbor to drive her there .	107-year-old Malaysian woman fears husband will leave her for younger woman Wok Kundor married to her husband , a man 70 years her junior , for four years Malaysian media says Wok has been married 22 times
CNN  -- Tributes are flowing for Scottish author Iain Banks , who has died aged 59 after a short battle with cancer just days before the release of his final novel . The prolific writer , best known for his 1984 debut "  The Wasp Factory " and 1992 's "  The Crow Road , " was noted as an author of darkly humorous literary and science fiction , the latter of which was published under the name Iain M. Banks . His wife , Adele , said he died in the early hours of the morning and that "  his death was calm and without pain . " Banks released a statement in April revealing he had been diagnosed with late-stage cancer of the gall bladder , after suffering what he believed was a back strain . Writing that it was "  extremely unlikely " he would live beyond a year , he announced that he had asked his long-term partner "  if she will do me the honor of becoming my widow , " adding that "  we find ghoulish humor helps . " The couple were married in the Scottish Highlands and honeymooned in Venice and Paris , before Banks was hospitalized in Scotland on their return . Banks asked his publishers to bring forward the release of his final novel , "  The Quarry , " so he could see its publication . The book , to be released June 20 , details the final weeks of a 40-something protagonist , Guy , in his own fight against cancer . His publishers , Little , Brown , said the author had been presented with a finished copy of the book three weeks ago . "  Banks ' ability to combine the most fertile of imaginations with his own highly distinctive brand of gothic humor made him unique , " the company said in a statement . "  He is an irreplaceable part of the literary world . " The rapid passing of the writer , known for his love of malt whisky and strong political views -- he tore up his passport in 2003 in protest at the Iraq War -- drew an outpouring of grief from fellow authors and fans alike . The English writer Neil Gaiman tweeted : "  I 'm crying in an empty house . A good man and a friend for almost 30 years . " Referencing the expression for death used in one of Banks ' most celebrated novels , the Scottish author Ian Rankin tweeted that his friend was "  away the crow road far too soon . " He added : "  Right now I 'd like to kick cancer in its sniggering head , but instead I 'll take a single malt . " Fellow Scot Irvine Welsh , the author of "  Trainspotting , " called Banks "  one of the finest writers and greatest imaginations ever , " and said his debut novel "  was one of those books that changed my life  and  made me want to be a writer . " Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond described Banks as "  one of Scotland 's literary greats who always approached life with extraordinary vitality . " In 2008 , UK newspaper The Times named Banks one of "  the 50 greatest British writers since 1945 . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lost	Scottish writer Iain Banks died just two months after announcing he had cancer The best-selling author drew acclaim for both mainstream and science fiction novels Release of final novel , dealing with cancer , brought forward due to his illness His publisher said Banks was presented with a finished copy three weeks ago
She may be 65 years old , but outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is not retiring . Instead , she 's considering helping the foundation led by her husband and leaving the door open to a possible presidential run in 2016 . "  I have absolutely no plans to run , " Clinton told CNN Tuesday -- political speak that does not rule out a change of plans -- as she prepared to hand over her State Department responsibilities to John Kerry . "  I am out of politics right now . " Clinton 's ` future adventures ' Clinton said she planned to refocus her efforts after stepping down on speaking and writing and working on behalf of women and girls . She suggested she may also add her muscle to the work carried out by the Clinton Global Initiative , which is led by former President Bill Clinton . Graham : Clinton ` got away with murder ' "  I 'm very proud of what my husband has done in the last 10 years , " Clinton said . "  We are going to look to see how we can join our efforts together . " She noted that their daughter , Chelsea , has also been involved in philanthropic work after Tropical Storm Sandy . "  We just have public service in our DNA , " Clinton said . Clinton acknowledged that her legacy includes unsolved problems in some of the world 's hot spots , but noted that she assumed the job four years ago at a time of great uncertainty . "  I think we have to go back to my beginning in January '09 to remember how poorly perceived the United States was , how badly damaged our reputation was , how our leadership was in question , how the economic crisis had really shaken people 's confidence in our government , our economic system , our country . " Opinion : President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it Clinton said she had sought initially simply to restore international confidence in American leadership , "  sometimes against pretty tough odds , " which included a crisis in the world 's economy and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . The challenges went on to include responding to the Arab Spring , forming international coalitions to inflict sanctions on Iran and North Korea and dealing with changes in Burma , Europe , Latin America and Africa . "  I 'm very proud of what we 've done , " she said , adding , "  We began to practice diplomacy in a different way -- not that we jettisoned everything done before , but added new tools to the box . " Granderson : Joe , make way for Hillary Asked about the Obama administration 's failure to appoint a woman to any of the top four Cabinet positions , she said , "  What we have to do is take a look at the broad picture . " Though opportunities exist for young women to get into the pipeline , "  I think there is still a ways to go until we have the kind of critical mass that I want to see . " Clinton , who lives with her husband in the hamlet of Chappaqua in Westchester County , New York , said she was looking forward to waking up Monday without a schedule for the day -- a first . "  I 've had a job ever since I was 13 years old , " she said . "  When I was n't in school , I was working . I think it 's going to take some adjustment . " Clinton , who was hospitalized recently for a blood clot , said she was feeling great . "  I 've got enormous amounts of energy that have to be harnessed and focused , " she said . "  I 'm looking forward to this next chapter of my life , whatever it is . " Super PAC gearing up	"  I have absolutely no plans to run , " she tells CNN about a possible return to politics She plans to work on behalf of women and girls She also may help with Bill Clinton 's foundation work "  We just have public service in our DNA , " she says
Washington  CNN  -- A divided Supreme Court ruled Wednesday against a California pilot who sued after the federal government publicly revealed his HIV status . In a 5-3 ruling , the high court decided Stanmore Cooper 's claims of mental and emotional distress are not covered under the Privacy Act . "  The Privacy Act does not unequivocally authorize damages for mental or emotional distress and therefore does not waive the government 's sovereign immunity for such harms , " Justice Samuel Alito wrote for the conservative majority . Three liberal justices dissented , while a fourth , former Solicitor General Elena Kagan , did not participate . In a statement Wednesday , Cooper said it was "  discouraging that a majority of the court sided with the government . " Cooper became a licensed recreational pilot in 1964 , but two decades later , the San Francisco man was diagnosed with HIV . As his condition worsened , he let his private pilot 's certificate and his airman medical certificate lapse . In 1996 , Cooper applied for long-term disability with the Social Security Administration . "  I was in bad shape , I did n't have long to live , " he said last year . But his health improved thanks to a cocktail of anti-retroviral therapy . He went back to work and wanted to fly again . "  I found out they were issuing medicals  exemptions  and I reapplied " to the Federal Aviation Administration "  without revealing my HIV status , " he said . "  Big mistake . " He received his new pilot 's certificate but , unknown to him , a joint local-federal initiative called Operation Safe Pilot was launched in 2002 . Using a spreadsheet , the agencies shared and compared the names and personal data of about 45,000 pilots in Northern California , looking for potentially medically unfit individuals who were also receiving federal benefits . Cooper was among four dozen or so pilots tagged as a "  person of interest . " When confronted by government agents , he admitted to a misdemeanor charge of filing a false report . He was sentenced to probation and fined , and his pilot 's certificate was revoked . The retired business executive 's name was listed in a federal press release and later , through his prosecution , Cooper 's medical history suddenly was a matter of public record . "  I had been able to control those  with  whom I shared my information about my HIV status , limited to some co-workers , family , and close friends , " he said "  And suddenly that was out of my control . " Cooper , who was eventually allowed to fly again , sued . "  I chose not to reveal my HIV infection and that was a very bad thing , " he said . "  I took responsibility for it and I paid the price . I was punished . And I think now it 's the government 's turn to own up to breaking the law and take responsibility for what they did . " A federal judge found both the FAA and the Social Security Administration violated the Privacy Act with the information-sharing investigation , but said under the law , only "  actual damages " could be collected by plaintiffs seeking redress . Since Cooper made no claims for economic harm , such as lost wages or medical expenses , he was out of luck . The judge found "  emotional injury " alone did not qualify and dismissed the lawsuit . A federal appeals court reversed that decision , ruling for Cooper . The FAA then asked the high court to intervene . During an hour of oral arguments last year , the justices stayed away from the specific claims of emotional harm made by Cooper , focusing instead on what the law says about qualifying for damages . "  The argument you have made -- and I certainly understand it , that this is the Privacy Act and so it 's precisely these types of damages that you would be concerned about -- really cuts both ways , " Chief Justice John Roberts said to Cooper 's lawyer . "  What you are saying is this  law  covers a really big chunk of damages , because this is what the whole act was about , " Roberts said . "  And it seems to me that argument suggests that there is some weight to the government 's point : That if you are going to get that , you really do need clearer " language in the law that would immunize the government to some extent , from a flood of hard-to-disprove lawsuits . The ambiguity has divided lower courts for years , and privacy experts said the ease with which the government can collect and share information in the digital age makes the issue of personal privacy liability ripe for review . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg repeatedly hammered away at the government lawyer arguing for the FAA . She said the federal damages provision in question is similar to state tort claims that include both emotional and financial harm . "  The person who is subject to this , to this embarrassment , this humiliation , does n't have out-of-pocket costs , but is terribly distressed , nervous , anxious , and all the rest , " Ginsburg said . "  The act that the Congress is reaching , the impact is of that nature . I mean , pecuniary  monetary  damages ordinarily attend conduct that embarrasses , humiliates you , causes mental distress . " Eric Feigin of the Justice Department said the Privacy Act 's language may be interpreted as allowing damages for such things as "  humiliation , embarrassment and mental anguish , " but said because the phrase "  actual " damages remains vague , the government should get the benefit of the doubt , tipping the case in its favor . "  Simply because a plaintiff may have suffered an adverse effect " from the privacy violation , argued Feigin , "  does n't mean that the plaintiff suffered actual damages . " Raymond Cardozo , Cooper 's lawyer , pointed out during the hearing that his client 's information was made public and his name and HIV status are still posted on a federal government database . He also made a larger argument , that his client 's dilemma is one that may affect all Americans . "  Congress passed this act to restore the citizens ' faith in their government , and it made a solemn promise to the American citizens that in cases of intentional and willful violation , the United States shall be liable for actual damages , " Cardozo said . "  Today , the government is proposing that "  actual damages " be read in a way that renders this act virtually irrelevant . That makes a mockery of that solemn promise . " Cooper attended the public session at the court and expressed optimism afterward he would prevail . "  They 've betrayed my trust and I ca n't get that back , " Cooper said at the time . "  There was nothing to lose here . I had to do it . It was the right thing to do . " The case is Cooper v. FAA  10-1024  . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Kate Bolduan contribute to this report .	The Supreme Court limits "  actual damages " under the Privacy Act A California man sued when the government publicly revealed his HIV status The 5-3 ruling pitted the court 's conservative majority against the liberal minority Justice Elena Kagan , the former solicitor general , did not participate
CNN  -- David Cameron must have whiplash . Practically overnight this week , the British prime minister went from being one of the leading voices demanding that Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad be punished for using chemical weapons , to a humbled , chastened politician with his hands tied . British lawmakers voted Thursday night against even the possibility of using force against Syria , forcing Cameron to concede bluntly , "  We will not be taking part in military action . " What do Syria 's neighbors think ? The vote was close -- seven MPs out of the 557 who voted could have changed the result -- and the outcome was a shock . Prime ministers are n't supposed to lose votes on the use of military force . British media said it had n't happened in hundreds of years . But although the result was stunning in one sense , in another it was n't surprising . Over more than seven hours of debate on Syria loomed one chilling specter : Iraq . Bergen : Syria is a problem from hell for the U.S. Britain feels badly burned by the way Tony Blair led the country into war there a decade ago , and Cameron was fighting a defensive battle against the memory of Blair from the moment he kicked off debate in the House of Commons : "  I 'm deeply mindful of the lessons of previous conflicts , in particular the deep concerns of the country of what went wrong in Iraq . We 're not invading a country ; we 're not searching for chemical weapons . " It 's an argument he needed to make . Why Russia , China , and Iran are standing by Syria Just a few hours earlier , the speaker of Syria 's Parliament raised the memory of the "  dodgy dossier " which Blair 's critics say falsely helped lead Britain to invade Iraq . And some lawmakers clearly felt burned by the Blair government 's case for war , based on false intelligence . Even a senior member of Cameron 's own Conservative Party warned Thursday : "  We must consider that our intelligence might be wrong because it has been before . "  And we must be very hard on testing it , " David Davis said . Does the public care about U.N. support ? "  We can not ignore the calamitous lessons of the Iraq war , " said Angus Robertson of the Scottish National Party , who opposed action in Syria . That 's a very normal human response -- so common that there are cliches about it , like "  once bitten , twice shy , " and "  fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on me . " It 's also the wrong response . Syria is not Iraq . It 's not Libya or Serbia or Nazi Germany . Syria is Syria . Be careful in trying to follow history Tempting as it is to base policy decisions on past experience , it 's dangerous . No two situations are the same . And yet politicians and pundits , generals and journalists do it all the time . Traumatized by the image of U.S. troops being dragged dead through the streets of Mogadishu , Somalia , in 1993 , Washington declined to intervene in the mass killings in Rwanda a year later . With those hundreds of thousands of deaths fresh in its memory , the West did intervene in Bosnia when concentration camp-style images suggested that genocide was going on there . Any of those decisions could have been right or wrong on their own merits -- the critical thing is that they must have been made on their own merits . Somalia is not Rwanda . Neither one is Bosnia . Iraq is not Afghanistan . For that matter , David Cameron is not Tony Blair and Barack Obama is not George W. Bush . Difficult as it may be , policymakers must not rely on historical examples because every case is unique . It 's intellectually dishonest to say the West should n't bomb Syria because Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction ; it 's naive to say it should bomb because bombing Libya helped dislodge Muammar Gadhafi . Syrian evidence and policy must be considered solely on their own merits . The story of the boy who cried wolf is a caution not to raise false alarms , but it also contains an admonishment for the villagers who did n't check the facts when it turned out there really was a wolf . As usual , Mark Twain put it best : "  We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it and stop there , lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove lid . She will never sit down on a hot stove lid again and that is well but also she will never sit down on a cold one anymore . "	Lessons of Iraq pervade dramatic debate in Britain No two international situations are the same Be careful of history
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japan Airlines ' inspection of a Boeing 787 Dreamliner involved in a fuel spill last week at Boston 's Logan International Airport found a new leak from a nozzle on the plane 's left wing , a JAL spokesman said Sunday . The leak was different from one that caused a flight on January 8 to be delayed by four hours , the airline said . The jet was bound for Tokyo on January 8 when a pilot on another airplane spotted the 787 leaking fuel just before takeoff . The ongoing investigation found a new leak in a nozzle used to remove fuel . The new 787 Dreamliner has been the subject of negative publicity after a string of recent mechanical and other problems . Troubles dating back just four months include reports of an oil leak , a fuel leak , engine cracks and a damaged cockpit window . This all follows a very difficult development history that included a series of production setbacks and other delays before the plane entered service in 2011 . The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , which is responsible for air safety , launched a comprehensive examination on Friday of the Dreamliner 's design , manufacture and assembly . Dreamliner safety review : What it means for fliers More than 150 Dreamliner flights occur daily , according to Boeing . United Airlines -- which has six 787s -- debuted the nation 's first domestic Dreamliner routes last November with much fanfare . Ray Conner , the head of Boeing 's commercial airplanes unit , said Friday that Boeing is convinced of the aircraft 's safety and that the airlines that have bought the plane are also confident in its safety . "  These planes are safe , " he said . "  We welcome any opportunity to further assure people outside the industry . " Worldwide , Boeing has delivered 50 Dreamliners . Several hundred are under order , making its success crucial for Boeing , which had not designed a new commercial jetliner in years before unveiling the Dreamliner . The twin-engine jetliner is heralded for its mostly carbon fiber construction , which reduces weight . Its fuel-saving possibilities , cutting edge technology , operational versatility and cabin appointments generated enormous interest from airlines , initially overseas . One passenger said Friday he would avoid flying on a 787 for the time being . "  I am wary of a plane model that has fire problems and leaks fuel , " said Atlanta-based businessman Bobby Burns , a project manager who takes more than 50 trips a year . "  I think of it the same as a new car model : wait a year or two to get all the ` recalls ' sorted out . " A week Boeing would like to forget CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Plane involved fuel spill in Boston found to have second leak in Japan , airline says Inspection in Japan found leak in nozzle used to remove fuel Boeing 's new 787 has had several problems , including engine cracks Manufacturer spokesman : "  These planes are safe "
Tel Aviv , Israel  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced Sunday he will gather a round table to form a plan aimed at easing the financial burden on Israeli citizens in the wake of protests across the country . Netanyahu said he will invite representatives of various groups and sectors to join a special ministerial team that will propose a "  practical plan to alleviate Israelis ' economic burden " and come up with solutions . Tens of thousands of Israelis took to the streets Saturday night in ten major cities to rail against soaring costs to the middle class in the Jewish state . The ongoing campaign is the latest and most extensive civil protest in recent years . Eight men were arrested late Saturday night in Tel Aviv for attempting to block roads , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Activists have set up tent cities across the country to demand affordable housing and protest against what they describe as social injustice . Some marchers in Tel Aviv held signs reading "  The people demand social justice , " "  Welfare state now , " and "  When the government is against the people , the people are against the government . " "  I think it 's about time to say , ` Enough , ' " protester Liran Gurbacha told CNN . "  They open too many doors for rich people to make their own rules , to take our money to get richer . This is a democracy , it should act like that . " Hundreds of police have been deployed nationwide related to the demonstrations . The protesters themselves expressed support for police , saying they should have better pay and working conditions . Having failed to ease the public pressure and gain support for his recently announced plan to increase the number of affordable homes , Netanyahu vowed to "  appoint a special team of ministers and experts that will propose a responsible and practical plan to alleviate Israelis ' economic burden . " In his speech at the start of Sunday 's weekly cabinet meeting , the prime minister called for calculated measures that would not jeopardize Israel 's growing economy . "  We must avoid irresponsible , hasty and populist steps that are liable to cause the country to deteriorate into the situation of certain European countries , which are on the verge of bankruptcy and large-scale unemployment . I do not think that anyone wants Israel to reach such a situation . " The prime minister agreed with activists ' claims that imbalances in the Israeli economy are contributing to the hardships . "  We are all aware of the genuine hardship of the cost-of-living in Israel , " he said . "  This affects many areas . Some of the claims that are being heard are justified and some are not . We are obligated to deal with the genuine claims and distress . Some of them are the result of distortions in the Israeli economy that have taken root here over many long years . " Meanwhile , Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz , who took much of the heat for soaring prices , faces administrative difficulties within his office . Finance ministry director general Haim Shani announced his resignation Sunday morning , citing professional disagreements with the minister . "  I , as a finance minister , have a responsibility for Israel to not fall into financial anarchy . We must not abandon the principals of our economy , " Steinitz said Sunday . Israeli President Shimon Peres also expressed his will to serve as mediator between the activists and the government Sunday . "  The president 's residence is open and attentive to the needs of the people . It is my role as a president to listen to the distress and see how I can as a president assist the citizens and the future of the state of Israel , " Peres said in his meeting with Israeli doctors who are also striking as part of their quest to push for reforms in the health system , including improved wages . Saturday 's protests were the latest and largest in a series of organized demonstrations , led by members of Israel 's middle class , over the high cost of living . While the majority of demonstrators were in their 20s and 30s , many senior citizens also came out to show their concern . "  When we were young and we left the kibbutz , we had nothing , but we had hope , " said Miri Gilat . "  Now the young people do n't have any hope , and I can not help them . "	Netanyahu announced he will gather a roundtable to develop a plan Tens of thousands took to the streets Saturday night in 10 major cities 8 men were arrested late Saturday night Activists have set up tent cities
CNN  The man who beat serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer to death inside a Wisconsin prison says he did it because of Dahmer 's creepy sense of humor -- which included turning prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup to resemble blood , the New York Post reports . Christopher Scarver , who was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer and another man at Columbia Correctional Institution in 1994 , said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them . "  He crossed the line with some people -- prisoners , prison staff , " the newspaper quoted Scarver as saying . "  Some people who are in prison are repentant -- but he was not one of them . " In a separate story , the Post quotes Dahmer 's former prison minister as saying the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past . "  If he saw a guard that was nervous and standing near enough to hear him , he would say , ' I bite , ' " the newspaper quoted the pastor , Roy Ratcliff , as saying . "  Usually the guard would jump away and that would make Jeff laugh . " "  He sort of played with his persona to exaggerate it and make people more fearful , " Ratcliff said . "  This was just his way -- a morbid humor to deal with his hopeless situation . " Scarver was convicted of killing Dahmer on November 28 , 1994 . He told the Post that he killed Dahmer and another inmate , Jesse Anderson , after an altercation while they were together unsupervised on a work detail . Scarver said he kept a newspaper article detailing Dahmer 's crimes , which included killing 17 men and boys between 1978 and 1991 , having sex with corpses , keeping some of the body parts and eating others . Just before he killed Dahmer , Scarver said , he confronted him with the clipping . "  I asked him if he did those things 'cause I was fiercely disgusted . He was shocked . Yes , he was , " the Post quoted Scarver as saying . Scarver said he hit Dahmer twice in the head with a metal bar from a weight room . He then killed Anderson , who was working in a different room .	Jeffrey Dahmer 's killer tells New York Post he did it because of the convict 's creepy practical jokes Dahmer 's former minister tells the paper he 'd say to guard , "  I bite "
CNN  -- Heather and Michael von Quilich are still adjusting to life without a regular payday . They are makers of customized holiday stockings , party hats and baby bibs , and their profits come in large waves at Thanksgiving , Easter and Christmas . The periodic booms allow them to live off smaller orders the rest of the year , a huge change of pace from their previous jobs in the California construction industry . "  You get into that mindset of ` go , go , go ' all the time , " said Michael , 42 . "  When Jack our son was first born , I feel like his first five years were on fast-forward . " They were making good money , but something was missing . Heather , 40 , was the first to press the pause button , albeit suddenly and involuntarily . She was laid off from her job as an office manager for a home builder in late 2009 . Amid the job hunt , she threw herself into crafting as a hobby , and a new career path began to emerge . When friends encouraged her to sell her personalized and embroidered party hats , stockings and baby bibs on Etsy , she figured it was worth a shot . She named the store Sunshine Daydream after a Grateful Dead song in honor of the band . She set up the Etsy store and continued looking for other jobs . "  Why do n't I do something I love and make it work ? " she figured . As Heather began putting more effort into the website photos and product descriptions , her husband complained about piles of fabric and supplies cluttering the house . Then in 2010 , Michael lost his job as vice president of operations for a home builder and joined Sunshine Daydream as operations manager . Heather 's hobby became the family 's sole source of income . Over the past three years , the von Quiliches have ridden the crest of the online shopping movement that has taken their idea from daydream to successful business . Sunshine Daydream is fortified with 1,883 reviews , 438 "  followers " and a 99 % positive approval rate from buyers . "  We 're not talking like we 're going to buy a Lear jet , " Michael said . "  But we can support ourselves . " Listening for ` cha-ching ' It all started with a ladybug hat . For daughter Natalie 's first birthday in 2010 , Heather brainstormed a whimsical ladybug party hat fashioned out of red and black fabric with "  Natalie " embroidered in curly font . She posted it on Etsy and soon enough , she started receiving requests . In the months leading up to Thanksgiving 2010 , Heather branched out into holiday products by offering sets of eight Christmas stockings personalized in Sunshine Daydream 's signature style of bright colors , fun font and personalized embroidering , at $ 10 a stocking on Etsy . From there , sales exploded . During the busy 2011 holiday season , relatives from both sides of the family crowded into the von Quilich living room to sew , embroider and help out however they could . The couple finally realized things were getting serious , and after the holiday season , they purchased four large industrial sewing machines . The investment paid off , and now they do n't need the free labor . In 2012 , Michael estimates Sunshine Daydream earned 25 % more than the couple pulled in during their best years working other jobs . They mark progress with alerts from the Etsy app on Heather 's phone . Every time Sunshine Daydream makes a sale , a cash register sound rings from her phone . Heather admits she gets nervous if a few hours go by without a new "  cha-ching . " In 2012 , the phone "  cha-chinged " every day but Christmas , they say . "  Now , this business is overwhelming our house , " Heather said . Stacks of fabric line the hallway , potential samples are tacked on walls and pom-poms , ribbon and other materials spill out of a small workroom . Building a fan base Heather says she values the creative freedom the new gig allows her . What was once an outlet for stress smushed into an hour or so of a hectic day is now her sole professional responsibility . "  I like to paint my world with color and with fabric , " she says . "  Having this job allows me to do that every day . " And they 've built a loyal following on Etsy that they both say is invaluable to their success . In the early days of the Etsy store , Heather says one woman e-mailed her a thank-you note , with pictures of the handmade stockings and a heartfelt description of how much she appreciated the care and detail . "  It brought tears to my eyes , " Heather says . "  That gives me such a good feeling , that I 'm responsible for adding to these family memories . " With the majority of orders coming from outside of California , the couple is even considering moving to Florida to be closer to customers in the Southeast so they can cut down on shipping costs . Most importantly , that "  fast-forward " button is finally off and they have more time to spend with their children . And , wherever they go , the cash register ring reminds them Sunshine Daydream is alive and well . It happens in funny moments , such as the time they went to buy a pickup to carry their son 's go-karts , Michael recalled . "  The guy said , ` How do you plan to pay for this ? ' "  And then her phone made that cash register noise . "	Heather von Quilich opened an Etsy store after she was laid off Sunshine Daydream offers customized embroidered hats , stockings and baby clothes Her husband joined after he was laid off , making the business their sole source of income Michael von Quilich : "  We 're not ... going to buy a Lear jet but we can support ourselves "
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- The tide may be turning in Ferguson , Missouri . For the first time since a white police officer fatally shot unarmed black teenager Michael Brown , the streets emptied early Thursday . Protest crowds thinned from hundreds to dozens late Wednesday , then disappeared . Thunderstorms may have doused their numbers . "  I hope that people do calm down and just continue it to be peaceful . I hope the outsiders leave and let the real individuals who are really trying to make a difference remain so that it can stay peaceful , so some type of resolution and change can happen , " said Charles Davis , owner of a local burger bar . Late Wednesday , police made targeted arrests . Earlier in the day , they suspended an officer caught on video pointing a semiautomatic rifle at peaceful protesters and shouting profanities at them the night before . But community leaders were grateful that tensions on the streets had eased . In a move that reflected what appeared to be increasing calm , Gov. Jay Nixon ordered the Missouri National Guard to begin withdrawing from the city . Troops had been sent there Monday to protect the police command center , which officials said had come under threat of attack . "  We 're going to have a systematic drawdown . We 're working with the commanders to do that , but we 're going to make sure we keep safety there , " the governor told CNN 's Don Lemon on Thursday . "  As we see folks getting calmer , fewer arrests , fewer problems here , that mission we 're going to draw down off that . We do n't need the same force of strength , " he said . But even then -- when calm returns to Ferguson -- work in the community is not done , Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson told residents . He said police need to be educated , not by professors , but by regular people about how best to build bridges . "  We need not sit there and make excuses ; we just need to make it right , " he said . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests We stand with Ferguson , Holder says U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder spoke Thursday about his visit to Ferguson to check in on the federal civil rights investigation into Brown 's shooting . "  This attorney general and this Department of Justice stand with the people of Ferguson , " he told reporters in Washington . Holder has assigned scores of FBI agents and Justice Department investigators to look into Brown 's August 9 death in the suburban St. Louis city . Police have said Brown and the officer , Darren Wilson , struggled over the officer 's gun ; witnesses who have spoken publicly say the 18-year-old had his hands in the air when he was shot . On Thursday , a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN that reports in the media that Wilson suffered a fractured eye socket from his reported scuffle with Brown are false . The officer had a swollen face and went to the hospital , where he underwent medical tests and was treated for his injury , the source said . A St. Louis County grand jury began hearing testimony in the case Wednesday , but it 's not expected to make a decision on charges against Wilson before mid-October . While Holder said agents have made "  significant progress " in their investigation , he said it will still take time to complete and asked for the community 's support . Holder met with Brown 's family not long after the teen 's mother viewed her son 's bullet-riddled body at a morgue for the first time . He heard from a woman who said her brother died in an encounter with Ferguson police in 2011 . And he spoke to the community of a festering mutual mistrust between law enforcement and many communities in the United States . Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an interview Thursday that Holder 's visit made a difference . "  Because , you can read a person , " she said . "  And when you 're looking at them and they 're looking at you in your eyes , it puts some trust back there , " she said . His trip was not universally well-received , however . Activist Akbar Muhammed gave the attorney general low grades for the trip . "  We thank him for coming , but he gets a D minus , " Muhammed said . "  He came to have a community meeting , and in that community meeting he did n't meet with any of us who were out in the street , " he said . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Magazine : The aftermath in Ferguson Slow wheels of justice The grand jury meeting in Clayton , Missouri , will examine whether charges should be filed against Wilson in Brown 's death . St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch told local media Wednesday that the grand jurors will see every bit of evidence that investigators gather and will be allowed to meet as long as they want before making a decision . "  The aspirational time is by mid-October to have everything completed , " he told CNN affiliate KMOV . He wants the case to proceed through the grand jury "  expeditiously " but also "  thoroughly , " he said . "  We 're not going to rush it through , and we 're not going to leave anything out . " On Thursday , Holder declined to answer questions about whether his department was looking into past allegations of abuse by Ferguson police , including a 2009 incident in which a man said police bloodied him in a jail cell , as well as the 2011 death that Holder spoke of . "  I 'll just say at this point , we are keeping all of our options open , " he said . Controversy over prosecutor Activists delivered petitions they said were signed by 70,000 people asking McCulloch to step down . "  That is the only way we 're going to bring strong confidence within this investigation , " Missouri state Sen. Jamilah Nasheed said . Critics have complained that McCulloch , who is tasked with prosecuting Wilson , could be biased in the officer 's favor . McCulloch comes from a family of law enforcement officers . His father was killed in the line of duty . McCulloch has rejected that criticism , telling St. Louis radio station KTRS on Wednesday that the experience of losing his father turned him into a passionate advocate for all victims of violence . He said again Thursday after the petitions were delivered that he would not step aside . "  I appreciate and understand the concerns of those who honestly believe that I can not or will not be fair to all in the gathering and presentation of the evidence pertaining to the tragic death of Michael Brown , " he said in a statement . "  Although I understand the concerns , and do not take lightly the demands that I recuse myself from this case , I also recognize that I have a responsibility to the family of Michael Brown , the people of Ferguson and the entire community . " Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US Ed Lavandera reported from Ferguson . Michael Pearson and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . Greg Botelho , Dana Ford , Jim Acosta and Mayra Cuevas also contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We need not sit there and make excuses , " says Highway Patrol captain Holder 's visit made a difference , Michael Brown 's mother tells CNN Source shoots down reports that say officer suffered a fractured eye socket St. Louis County prosecutor again rejects calls to step aside
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Over the past few days , anti-Gadhafi forces have made "  significant advances " -- in the northwest and in the regions of Misrata and al-Brega -- a spokesman for NATO 's military operation told reporters Tuesday . "  Anti-Gadhafi forces are now assuming control of the key approaches to Tripoli , " said Col. Roland Lavoie , who described the advances as "  the most significant anti-Gadhafi territorial gain we have seen in months . " Since the end of July , as the threat from pro-Gadhafi forces has diminished , thousands of people have returned to their homes in the western Nafusa mountains , he said . Since Friday , the northwest coastal city of Misrata has been free of pro-Gadhafi forces , he said . And the threat from nearby Zlitan has diminished as pro-Gadhafi forces are being pushed farther west , he added . Over the last week , NATO warplanes have damaged or destroyed some 150 military targets as part of Operation Unified Protector , Lavoie said . "  Our assessment , without going into details , is that the Gadhafi regime does not have anymore an effective operational capability , " he said . Lavoie said that rebels had occupied Surman and Sabratha west of Tripoli , but added that the regions were "  still contested . " However , Libyan state television reported that pro-Gadhafi forces and tribal fighters were "  cleansing the city of Sabratha from the gangs of traitors " and had secured the coastal road , a key supply pipeline into Tripoli . Though the center of Zawiya was under rebel control , "  there 's still reports of fighting also in the suburbs , " Lavoie said . Still , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed optimism . "  I think the sense is that Gadhafi 's days are numbered , " she told reporters in Washington . But a spokesman for the Gadhafi government offered a different view . "  We are doing very well , " Ibrahim Musa told reporters . "  It 's true that it 's a bit slow -- people are still saying that we 're not acting immediately and that we 're having problems in Surman and Sabratha and whatnot because of armed gangs . That 's true but , God willing , we are able to lead this battle successfully . We will achieve peace and victory . " He added , "  We are fighting NATO -- not the tens or hundreds of armed gang members . Our war is with the crusaders . " If rebels gain control of Zawiya , that would be a major stride in putting a stranglehold on the Gadhafi-controlled seat of power . "  We will be very careful entering Tripoli , which we hope to do by the end of this month , " said Col. Ahmed Banni , military spokesman for the opposition National Transitional Council . Banni said there is intelligence that some Gadhafi forces are moving to Tripoli from other fronts -- Terhouna in the southeast and Sirte farther east . He said those forces have taken off their uniforms to blend in with the population , a "  dangerous " sign those troops are preparing for a "  bloody war . " He said rebels in Tripoli recently were supplied with arms . But , he said , "  We asked them to stay put until the zero hour . " Col. Jumma Ibrahim , a spokesman for the rebels ' western command , said Gadhafi forces controlled most of the eastern part of the city and were shelling rebels with Grad missiles and artillery . "  There are still skirmishes with the brigades in the city center , with snipers taking positions , " Col. Ibrahim said . "  The fight is now urban warfare there at the moment . There have been a lot injured among our ranks but it is hard to give a number . " The rebels claim control of towns west of Zawiya to near Ras Jedeir . These include Surman and Subratha . "  It is a huge deal and a decisive defeat for his forces in that region . All these areas are liberated , " Banni said . Col. Ibrahim said Garyan , south of Tripoli 's city center , had been taken by rebels but Gadhafi loyalists were shelling them from a nearby town . There has been "  fierce fighting " in Terhouna . He said rebel forces were surrounding Zlitan in the south , east and northeast and fighting Gadhafi forces . He said there 's been fighting in the industrial area of al-Brega , where rebels control the residential areas except for one controlled by the Gadhafi government . Gadhafi forces also control the industrial area , Banni said . "  He is trying his hardest to prevent us from access to $ 35 million worth of daily oil money under normal circumstances in al-Brega , " Banni said . "  If we control the port and the refinery in the industrial area , we 'd have that money . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Jomana Karadsheh , Kareem Khadder and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	The battle for Zawiya is called "  urban warfare " Rebel forces in Tripoli are awaiting the "  zero hour , " a spokesman says Some Gadhafi forces are going to Tripoli from other fronts Secretary of State Clinton expresses optimism
CNN  -- The Beatles invented rock music as we know it , and as pretty much everyone has known it since the mid-1960s . But because their success was so revolutionary , it 's hard to remember where the music seemed to be headed before they arrived in the United States 50 years ago -- or to imagine what might have happened if they had not . There are some familiar myths : One is that by 1964 rock 'n' roll had become insipid music dominated by teen idols like Frankie Avalon and Fabian , and the other is that the Beatles introduced white American teenagers to the power of black music . In fact , the rock 'n' roll scene had become increasingly integrated through the early 1960s , to the point that in late 1963 Billboard magazine stopped publishing separate pop and R&B charts because so many of the same records were on both . The big new sound in rock 'n' roll was Motown , and James Brown was coming up strong , having broken onto the pop charts with his "  Live at the Apollo " album . Back then , pop prophets were divided into roughly two camps : Some predicted that African-American artists would increasingly dominate the rock 'n' roll scene , providing a joyously danceable soundtrack to the broader story of a triumphant civil rights movement . Others continued to optimistically predict the demise of rock 'n' roll , pointing to all the young people who were abandoning teen dance music for more mature and intelligent styles like folk and jazz . All agreed that the teens buying rock 'n' roll singles and dancing up a storm to the Supremes were the opposite of the serious folk and jazz fans buying LPs and discussing them endlessly in college dorms . That divide seemed unbridgeable : People who loved rock 'n' roll thought of it as thrilling , fun , youth music , and expected adults to hate it , while people who appreciated adult styles considered them an antidote to the stupid noise on the radio . The few who imagined rock 'n' roll growing up thought it would take the path of jazz , getting hipper , blacker , and more melodically and harmonically complex . But most people assumed it would remain kid 's music and even its most passionate acolytes would grow up to prefer other styles . No one could have dreamed that rock 'n' roll would be reshaped as a sophisticated British import , or that anyone would want to mingle the already old-fashioned sound of Chuck Berry with baroque string quartets , Indian sitars and avant-garde poetry . The Beatles were not only unimagined , but unimaginable . It took the Beatles a couple of years to evolve from peppy rockers to psychedelic culture-trippers , but they transformed Americans ' image of rock 'n' roll within hours of stepping off the plane at Kennedy Airport . Previous rockers had been famously inarticulate -- in the movie "  Jailhouse Rock , " when a group of college professors asked Elvis what he thought of Dave Brubeck , his response was to sullenly slam out of the room , sure that they were laughing at him . The Beatles , by contrast , were witty and urbane . When reporters asked them silly questions about their long hair and screaming female fans , they responded with elegant mockery . Their Liverpool accents may have struck Britons as provincial and working class , but to Americans they sounded dazzlingly sophisticated . The Beatles backed up their exotic charm with brilliant music , but at least for the first couple of years that was somewhat secondary -- witness the success of fellow invaders like Herman 's Hermits and the Dave Clarke Five . They had lovely harmonies and interesting melodies , but in retrospect those early records sound no more advanced or earthshaking than what was coming out of Motown , and "  Yesterday " sounds positively archaic next to "  Papa 's Got a Brand New Bag . " The change that redirected the course of American pop was this : By 1965 , the year those two records appeared , the British Invasion had resegregated the charts and no one was comparing the Beatles to James Brown . They are remembered as rock 'n' rollers , he is remembered as playing soul and funk . The Brits did n't do that on purpose -- they loved contemporary African-American styles  the Beatles told 16 Magazine that Brown was their favorite singer  -- but they could n't manage the tricky new rhythms , so they fell back on older varieties of blues and rock 'n' roll . For dancers , that made their music relatively boring , and after the first wave of Beatlemania the twisting , frugging girls abandoned them for Motown , then moved on to funk and disco . But their blues-based , guitar-driven sound and increasingly adventurous lyrics created an unexpected bridge to the folk crowd -- they inspired Dylan to go electric , he inspired them to write obscure poetry instead of poppy love lyrics , and rock became music that boys discussed seriously in dorm rooms . Every revolution has winners and losers . A generation of black musicians remembers the Beatles ' arrival as an apocalypse , the moment when rock 'n' roll became white and they were banished to a lower-status ghetto labeled R&B or soul . On the other hand , millions and millions of listeners all around the world remember the Beatles as leveling the divide between high art and street pop , paving the way for 50 years of rock innovation , and making some of the most spectacular music of the 20th century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elijah Wald .	Elijah Wald : Familiar myth holds that Beatles introduced white kids to black music Quite the contrary , Wald says : The rock scene had already integrated He says Beatles created a bridge no one had imagined for youth pop and more adult styles By 1965 , the British Invasion had resegregated the pop and R&B charts , Wald says
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House . Begala is not a paid political consultant for any politicians or candidates . Click here for a rival view Paul Begala says McCain 's VP choice , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , is completely unqualified to be president . CNN  -- John McCain needs what Kinky Friedman calls "  a checkup from the neck up . " In choosing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to be his running mate , he is not thinking "  outside the box , " as some have said . More like out of his mind . Palin a first-term governor of a state with more reindeer than people , will have to put on a few pounds just to be a lightweight . Her personal story is impressive : former fisherman , mother of five . But that hardly qualifies her to be a heartbeat away from the presidency . For a man who is 72 years old and has had four bouts with cancer to have chosen someone so completely unqualified to become president is shockingly irresponsible . Suddenly , McCain 's age and health become central issues in the campaign , as does his judgment . In choosing this featherweight , McCain passed over Tom Ridge , a decorated combat hero , a Cabinet secretary and the former two-term governor of the large , complex state of Pennsylvania . iReport.com : ` McCain pick might be a gimmick ' He passed over Mitt Romney , who ran a big state , Massachusetts ; a big company , Bain Capital ; and a big event , the Olympics . He passed over Kay Bailey Hutchison , the Texas senator who is knowledgeable about the military , good on television and -- obviously -- a woman . He passed over Joe Lieberman , his best friend in the Senate and fellow Iraq Kool-Aid drinker . He passed over former congressman , trade negotiator and budget director Rob Portman . And he also passed over Mike Huckabee , the governor of Arkansas . For months , the McCainiacs have said they will run on his judgment and experience . In his first presidential decision , John McCain has shown that he is willing to endanger his country , potentially leaving it in the hands of someone who simply has no business being a heartbeat away from the most powerful , complicated , difficult job in human history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Begala : McCain 's VP choice unqualified to be heartbeat from the presidency Choice of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is "  shockingly irresponsible , " he says Begala says choice makes McCain 's age , health , and judgment central issues
CNN  -- It is the scenario Brazil had always feared -- the $ 11 billion party where the neighbors come round and trash your newly spruced up home . Anybody but Argentina , that is the message which is heard loudest in Brazil ahead of Sunday 's final against Germany in Rio de Janeiro at the Maracana stadium . Not since 1986 has Argentina triumphed in the World Cup , but that wait could be over should Lionel Messi and co. see off the Germans . Brazil was humiliated by Germany 7-1 in the semifinal -- but an Argentine World Cup final victory might just trump that as an exercise in despair . After defeating the Netherlands on penalties , Argentina is targeting its a third World Cup win after reaching its fifth final . In 1978 , Argentina , which hosted the tournament , defeated the Netherlands 3-1 after extra time in the final in Buenos Aires to spark spectacular scenes of celebration . Mario Kempes was the hero , scoring twice against a Dutch side which had lost at the same stage four years earlier against the Germans . Eight years later , Argentina , led by Diego Maradona , reached the final once again where West Gemany was the opposition . In a tight game , Maradona 's wonderful pass released Jorge Burruchaga to fire home a dramatic 84th minute winner as Argentina prevailed 3-2 . The Germans side , coached by Franz Beckenbauer , got its revenge four years late when it won 1-0 in the final at Italy 1990 . Andreas Brehme 's late penalty won a game marred by Argentina 's ill-discipline and the sending off of two of its players . Maradona , who was then playing at Italian club side Napoli , was left in tears as the Germans danced on the field of Rome 's Olympic Stadium with the trophy it had so badly coveted for a third time . It would be 20 years until the two teams met again in the quarterfinals of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Maradona , in his role as coach , watched on in horror as his side was thrashed 4-0 and star player Lionel Messi failed to sparkle . Thomas Muller opened the scoring with Miroslav Klose , now the World Cup 's all-time leading goalscorer , adding two and Arne Friedrich the fourth . It is Muller which Argentina will have to watch at the Maracana on Sunday with the Bayern Munich star enjoying another impressive tournament . The 24-year-old has already scored five goals in Brazil and is one away from joining Colombia 's James Rodriguez as the top scorer on six . Germany , which was beaten in the semifinals in 2006 and 2010 , last reached the final in 2002 where it was beaten by Brazil . "  We 've got to give our all on Sunday , " Klose told reporters . "  I know how it feels to lose a final . I want to lift that trophy into the air . " Many of this current crop have grown up together with the likes of goalkeeper Manuel Neuer , midfielders Sami Khedira , Mesut Ozil all progressing from the youth setup . Six of the team which won the European Under-21 Championships in 2009 are set to start against Argentina with Benedikt Howedes , Jerome Boateng and Mats Hummels all in the defense . While Joachim Low 's side produced a spectacular performance to dismantle Brazil , it has not had a particularly easy ride to the final . After thrashing Portugal 4-0 in the opening fixture , it was forced to come from behind to secure a 2-2 draw against Ghana . A nervy 1-0 win over the USA ensured it finished top of Group G and booked a last-16 tie against Algeria . While Germany was widely expected to win , it was only after extra time that it managed to find a breakthrough . Substitute Andre Schurrle and Ozil scored the goals and although Algeria got one back late on , the Germans held out for a tense victory . The quarterfinal against France , played in the heat of Rio , was a rather turgid affair with Hummels ' early header enough to secure a 1-0 win . The 7-1 win over Brazil was achieved after Germany raced into a 5-0 lead by the interval following a mediocre defensive display from the host nation . So poor was Brazil 's performance that Muller revealed how the German players made a decision to ease off in the second half so not to embarrass its opponent . "  With the score the way it was , we said we should avoid being arrogant and to refrain from humiliating the opponent , " he told reporters . "  But that 's something obvious . Yes , there was this agreement and it came from the players themselves . " There 's little chance of Germany letting up against Argentina when the tournament 's top two go head-to-head . Alejandro Sabella , who will leave his role as coach after the final , has led his side through to the final following a hard-fought campaign . In all of its three group games , only one goal separated Argentina from its rivals . After beginning with a 2-1 win over Bosnia and Herzegovina , Argentina was made to sweat until the very last minute against Iran before Messi curled home a stunning winner . Against Nigeria , it was given a real fright before edging home 3-2 courtesy of Marcos Rojo 's close-range effort . Having topped Group F , Argentina progressed to face Switzerland which was defeated by a goal just two minutes before the end of extra-time . Another 1-0 victory secured a semifinal place as Gonzalo Higuain 's strike ensured Belgium was put to the sword . The semifinal showdown against the Dutch was a dull affair with neither side managing to produce its best football . Sergio Romero , the Argentine goalkeeper , became the hero after saving two penalties in the shootout before Maxi Rodriguez struck the winning kick . It sparked wild scenes of jubilation , not just in Sao Paulo but across Argentina where 40 million people celebrated the nation 's Independence Day with extra fervor . "  Brasil , Decime Qué Se Siente " -- translated to "  Brazil , Tell Me How It Feels " -- is the song that has been sung throughout the tournament by Argentine fans confident of their team 's success . Much of Argentina 's success will depend on Messi -- a man who has already scored four goals in the tournament and will captain the side in his 93rd international appearance . Messi 's achievements are well known -- 381 goals in 466 matches for Barcelona , three European Champions League titles and six Spanish La Liga triumphs only tell half the story . Now he is aiming to add to his 42 international goals by inspiring Argentina to the biggest prize of all -- and the one which will surely make him one of the greatest players of all time . No European country has ever won the World Cup in South America -- if Messi gets his own way , that statistic wo n't change any time soon . As for millions of Brazilian football fans , who had so desperately sought a sixth world crown , Sunday is the party invitation they had could have done without . Rizzoli to referee final When it comes to famous football referees , Pierluigi Collina -- now retired -- might be the most famous of them all . FIFA chose another Italian , Nicola Rizzoli , to take charge of Sunday 's final . The 42-year-old architect from Bologna refereed three games prior to the final , including two involving Argentina , as well as the 2013 Champions League final .	Germany faces Argentina in Sunday 's World Cup final Argentina has not won tournament since 1986 Germany 's most recent victory came in 1990 Third time teams have met in World Cup final
New York  CNN  New York 's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday -- one day after a bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded , officials said . The NYPD bomb squad on Friday examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty , a law enforcement official said . Police declared the scene clear at 3:15 p.m. . Other lockers checked as a precautionary measure , the law enforcement source said . Images posted on social media showed crowds of visitors walking on ramps to awaiting ferries . All civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on Liberty Island , according to police . The fire department had EMS units there as a precaution . Mike Burke , the head of Statue Cruises , which operates the ferry to the island , said : "  Our first priority is the safety and well being of all of our visitors . " Burke said about 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds . Service to Liberty Island is to resume at 8:30 a.m. Saturday . Shortly after 11 a.m. , the National Park Service was informed that a 911 caller made a threat to blow up the Statue of Liberty -- which led to the evacuation , according to park service spokeswoman Mindi Rambo . A sweep by U.S. Park Police canine units "  alerted on an area of interest near the lockers at the base " of the Statue of Liberty , Rambo said . Park police had notified the NYPD , which dispatched its bomb squad , officials said . It is not uncommon to get false positives from the bomb-sniffing dogs . "  Following their investigation , it was determined that there was not an explosive device , " Rambo said . Approximately 3.5 million people visit the Statue of Liberty every year . Visitors must pass through security screening similar to airport security procedures , according to the National Park Service . Previously , the statue closed in November 2012 because of significant damage sustained from Superstorm Sandy . It reopened on July 4 , 2013 , with a ribbon cutting ceremony and long lines of tourists . The last time the island shut down to the public was in October 2013 , when it closed for 12 days because of the a government shutdown . The statue was dedicated by President Grover Cleveland on October 28 , 1886 . It was a gift to the United States from the people of France to commemorate 100 years of Franco-American friendship as well as the centennial of America 's independence .	Statue of Liberty to reopen Saturday Locker thought to have a suspicious package was empty , police say Statue of Liberty evacuated after bomb threat , officials say The evacuation came after a phoned threat , sources say
CNN  -- It was just a joke , said Pat Sajak -- but a lot of Twitter followers were n't laughing . On Monday night , the "  Wheel of Fortune " host -- a conservative who 's occasionally used his Twitter account to tweak liberals -- tweeted , "  I now believe global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists knowingly misleading for their own ends . Good night . " The reaction from the Twitterverse was swift and blunt . Some tried reason . Michael E. Mann , a climate scientist at Penn State , tweeted that climate change could have huge repercussions . "  Hey @PatSajak , this aint the Wheel of Fortune . If we lose this game , it is n't just one person 's misfortune . All humanity pays the price , " he posted . Others fought back with ridicule . "  On one hand 97 % of scientists on the other hand a guy that got his job because chuck woolery came across as too intellectual , " posted mrjolly , referencing Sajak 's "  Wheel " predecessor . "  Say what you will about Pat Sajak but that guy works 35 days a year , " tweeted Pat Thornton . Sajak continued poking . "  Taking next few weeks off . Computer models have already determined winners , " Sajak posted Tuesday morning . He soon acknowledged he was just trying to get a rise out of people . "  Sometimes it 's fun to poke a stick in a hornets ' nest just to hear the buzzing , " he tweeted Tuesday afternoon . In a statement , Sajak said he was just being snarky . "  Of course I was joking . Just mocking the name-calling that is directed at global warming skeptics within and without the scientific community , " he said in a statement from his representative . As Vice magazine noted , Sajak has a habit of mocking climate change . He 's tweeted about Al Gore , fund-raising and his nephew being a "  Tooth Fairy denier . " On Wednesday , Sajak puckishly observed that he 'd hit a hot button . "  Later today I 'll be tweeting my views on the subjects of nuclear proliferation and free-range chicken , " he tweeted . Pat Sajak 's hosted ` Wheel of Fortune ' drunk	Pat Sajak provokes firestorm with tweet "  I now believe global warming alarmists are unpatriotic racists , " he posted Some react with reason , others with ridicule Sajak says he was just joking
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration will ask Congress for another $ 83.4 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan through the end of September , Democratic congressional sources said Thursday . President Obama 's spending measure is likely to be the last supplemental request submitted to pay for the wars . The request is expected to pay for those conflicts for the rest of the 2009 budget year , two Democratic congressional sources said . The money would bring the running tab for both conflicts to about $ 947 billion , according to figures from the Congressional Research Service . More than three-quarters of the $ 864 billion appropriated so far has gone to the war in Iraq , the agency estimated . Since taking office in January , President Obama has announced plans to shift troops out of Iraq and beef up U.S. forces in Afghanistan , where American troops have been battling al Qaeda and Taliban fighters since al Qaeda 's 2001 attacks . In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Obama said the situation in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan "  demands urgent attention . " "  The Taliban is resurgent , and al Qaeda threatens America from its safe haven along the Afghan-Pakistan border , " Obama wrote in submitting the funding request . "  There is no question of the resolve of our military women and men . Yet , in Afghanistan , that resolve has not been matched by a comprehensive strategy and sufficient resources , " Obama wrote . About $ 75 billion of the latest request would pay for military operations , including $ 9.8 billion for body armor and protective vehicles and $ 11.6 billion to replace worn-out equipment . The rest would go to diplomatic programs and development aid -- including $ 1.6 billion for Afghanistan , $ 1.4 billion for Pakistan and $ 700 million for Iraq . The request would also provide about $ 800 million for the Palestinian Authority , including humanitarian aid for Gaza , the Hamas-ruled territory that was heavily bombarded by Israel in December and January ; $ 800 million to support U.N. peacekeeping missions in Africa ; and $ 30 million to the Department of Justice to manage the closure of the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The supplemental spending bill is likely to be the last such request submitted to Congress to pay for the wars , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . While the Bush administration relied on supplemental spending bills to fund the conflicts , Obama began including war spending in his 2010 budget . The president urged Congress to move quickly on the request "  and not to use the supplemental to pursue unnecessary spending . " But Rep. Lynn Woolsey , a prominent anti-war Democrat , said the requested funding would "  prolong our occupation of Iraq through at least the end of 2011 , " when U.S. troops are scheduled to leave the country , "  and it will deepen and expand our military presence in Afghanistan indefinitely . " "  Instead of attempting to find military solutions to the problems we face in Iraq and Afghanistan , President Obama must fundamentally change the mission in both countries to focus on promoting reconciliation , economic development , humanitarian aid , and regional diplomatic efforts . " Last month , Obama announced the United States plans to withdraw most of its troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010 . A residual force of between 35,000 to 50,000 troops will remain until December 31 , 2011 . There are 142,000 American troops in Iraq now . Obama has ordered the deployment of 17,000 troops to fight the Taliban in the south and east and 4,000 more to train Afghan troops .	NEW : About $ 9.8 billion would pay for body armor and protective vehicles NEW : More than $ 2 billion would go to aid for Afghanistan , Pakistan and Iraq NEW : Democratic lawmaker says funds would prolong U.S. occupation of Iraq Funds would bring tab for Iraq and Afghanistan wars to $ 947 billion
CNN  -- Rutgers quarterback Philip Nelson has been dismissed from the football team , the school 's coach said Tuesday . Nelson had been arrested Sunday and charged in connection with an assault that apparently left Isaac Kolstad -- a former linebacker for Minnesota State University , Mankato -- in critical condition . "  The Rutgers football family 's thoughts and prayers are with Isaac Kolstad and his family , " football coach Kyle Flood said , referring to the young man whom Nelson is accused of assaulting . Nelson , 20 , faces one count of first-degree assault and one count of third-degree assault . Authorities in Minnesota also arrested a second person in connection with the assault , a Mankato , Minnesota , city spokeswoman said . Trevor Stenner Shelley , 21 , was arrested Monday afternoon . He is charged with first - and third-degree assault . Officers found Kolstad , who graduated in December , near a downtown intersection . He was transported by ambulance to a local hospital . Kolstad , 24 , was in critical condition after suffering a severe head injury , his family said . Nelson was a recent transfer to Rutgers . A native of Mankato , Minnesota , he played at the University of Minnesota , according to Rutgers ' website . Nelson never played a down for Rutgers before his dismissal . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : A second person is arrested Quarterback Philip Nelson is dismissed from the Rutgers football team He was arrested over the weekend and charged with assault The assault left a man in critical condition
London  CNN  -- From movie stars and business moguls to politicians and pop stars , the British press has never shied away from picturing famous figures in compromising positions . Until now , that is . Once upon a time , grainy shots of celebrities flashing their birthday suits or falling out of skimpy outfits were the stock-in trade of titles like The Sun and The Daily Mail . And the royal family was by no means immune : Prince Charles , Prince Andrew and the Duchess of York , Sarah Ferguson , have all been caught up in tabloid scandals -- with or without embarrassing photos to accompany them -- in the past . But offered the chance to splash images of Prince Harry cavorting in the nude with a naked woman during a trip to Las Vegas across their front pages this week , the UK 's papers have hesitated , apparently genuinely puzzled as to whether to "  publish and be damned . " So what has changed ? The British media landscape has altered beyond recognition since the death of Harry 's mother , Princess Diana , killed in a car crash as she fled a crowd of photographers in Paris 15 years ago . The shock of that accident provoked an immediate backlash against both the paparazzi , and the tabloids that bought their pictures . But its impact was not a lasting one : Within months , the papers were back to their old tricks , and the punters were happy to pay for them . Photos of naked Prince Harry published The real watershed has come in the last 18 months , with the discovery of the full scale of the phone-hacking scandal  initially revealed by the hacking of Prince William and Prince Harry 's mobile phones  , which forced the closure of the News of the World , and prompted the Leveson Inquiry into press standards . Following months of evidence detailing the dirty tricks and devastation wrought by some members of the gutter press , Lord Leveson is currently deciding whether to recommend new rules and regulations , governing the conduct of the UK media . Until his report is ready , analysts believe , editors simply do n't want to upset the applecart . Anonymous Fleet Street columnist Fleet Street Fox wrote in her blog that newspapers have been "  painted into a corner , with one eye on their budgets which mean they need to avoid unnecessary court costs , and another on the line they do n't want to cross before that report is written , just in case they make things any worse . " Neil Wallis , former deputy editor of The Sun and the now-defunct News of the World , tweeted that the pictures were the "  perfect example of how #Leveson has cowed our media ... Rest of world discussing pix no-one dares show you here . " In a blog for the Huffington Post , Wallis said the dilemma over whether to use the Prince Harry photographs was "  nothing to do with journalistic merit , nothing to do with the merits of the story , nothing to do with legal issues , nothing even to do with journalistic ethics ... "  The decisions are being reached on the basis of : ` What will Lord Leveson think ? ' And that is shocking , it is outrageous , it is a disgraceful affront to free speech . " Political blogger Guido Fawkes -- whose site was one of the few in the UK to run the pictures in defiance of requests from the palace -- wrote that "  the old media have been scared into submission by the Leveson Inquiry . " Much of the debate over whether to run the pictures or not centers on the question of privacy : Despite his very public role , Prince Harry was on a private visit to the U.S. , and the photographs were taken in his hotel suite . Pending any changes in the wake of the Leveson Inquiry , British newspaper editors are bound by the Press Complaints Commission 's Code of Practice , which insists that "  everyone is entitled to respect for his or her private and family life , " and that "  it is unacceptable to photograph individuals in private places without their consent . " There is a get-out clause , in the shape of exceptions for cases "  in the public interest . " In the past , the fact that the prince was supposed to be being watched over by a very large and very expensive security team at the time the pictures were taken would certainly have been enough to ensure their publication . Royal correspondent Robert Jobson said that team of minders had questions to answer : "  Why did n't royal bodyguards ask anyone going into Harry 's suite to handover their phones for security , " he tweeted . "  Would prevent all this . " But long-time royal expert Dickie Arbiter said both Prince Harry and his entourage should have known they could not expect what went on in Vegas to stay in Vegas . "  Privacy when you 're Prince Harry and globe-trotting does n't exist , " he tweeted . "  It was a private trip but he 's a loose canon -LSB- sic -RSB- and should n't be left alone . " Embarrassing pics could harm a soldier 's career several ways Some commentators also suggest part of the reason for the British media 's hesitation is the fact that , in the wake of a series of good news stories including the Diamond Jubilee , the royals ' stock is higher now than it has been in decades . Writing in the New Statesman , Steven Baxter claimed the papers were refusing to use the pictures not out of "  fear of regulators but fear of their own readers , " adding that Prince Harry and his kin "  are celebrities , like others , but untouchable ones . " And Jules Stenson , former features editor of the News of the World , said Harry 's popularity -- which endures largely because of his Jack-the-Lad image , not in spite of it -- means he is unlikely to suffer any lasting damage from the incident . "  Public love Harry & we should n't forget his bravery in serving , " Stenson tweeted . "  But big gaffe . We 'll forgive him cos we like him & he puts his life on line for us  albeit in -LSB- a -RSB- protected way  . " Whether or not the UK tabloids decide to publish the photos in their print editions , the fact remains that they are freely available -- anyone who wants to see them simply needs to search the internet . The old rules no longer apply , and how Britain 's "  old media " deal with this challenge may set the tone for a long time to come . A tale of two brothers As journalist and royal watcher Phil Dampier tweeted : "  The whole world will be seeing - and laughing at these pictures - so will British papers run them ? This is a massive watershed moment , both for the royals and the British press post phone hacking scandal . " It seems the front covers of Thursday 's papers may show the direction that Fleet Street is heading in -- even if they do n't reveal the bare buttocks of a British royal . Read more : Nude Harry photos : How tabloids lost their sting	Publication of naked photos of Britain 's Prince Harry leave UK media in a quandary Scandal-hit newspapers are wary of sailing too close to the wind after Leveson Inquiry "  Unacceptable to photograph individuals in private places " : Editor 's code of conduct Pictures are widely available on the internet , but UK papers have yet to publish them
Muslim rebel leaders in the Philippines ' troubled south will get access to the lion 's share of the region 's natural resources under a new agreement reached in peace talks with the government . The wealth-sharing deal , signed on Sunday after eight months of talks , is viewed as a key step forward in the quest for peace with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  , which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on the resource-rich island of Mindanao . Progress in the peace process had stalled in the wake of a landmark treaty signed in October last year , which sought to put an end to a conflict that has left tens of thousands dead . "  For the benefit of Bangsamoro and the whole country , the government and the MILF once more demonstrated that they are invested in the process and will persevere in order to forge lasting peace in Mindanao , Miriam Coronel-Ferrer , the government 's chief negotiator said in a statement . The October agreement laid out the groundwork for a new autonomous region called Bangsamoro that will be administered by Muslims in Mindanao . The Philippines is a predominantly Catholic country but 5 % of its population is Muslim , according to the CIA World Factbook . Under the terms of the wealth-sharing deal , Muslims will get a 75 % share of income derived from the exploitation of metallic minerals in the area -- reported to include gold and copper . They will also receive 75 % of tax revenue , while any income derived from fossil fuels like petroleum , natural gas and coal will be split 50-50 with the central government in Manila . An end to the conflict could help bring investors to the region , which is reported to have untapped mineral deposits worth $ 312 billion . "  Wealth creation is important for the operation of the Bangsamoro , considering that the Bangsamoro territory is among the most underdeveloped in the Philippines due to the decades-old conflict , " the statement added . However , hurdles remain in President Benigno Aquino 's plan to achieve lasting peace in the region by 2016 when his term ends . Agreements have yet to be reached on power-sharing and normalization -- which means giving up arms . A report published in June by the International Crisis Group warned that the peace process needed to find ways to support insurgents as they build normal , civilian lives . It estimates that the MILF has 11,000 to 12,000 fighters . "  The government has a poor track record of implementing peace agreements and the MILF is understandably wary of weakening its formidable firepower too soon , " the report said . "  Secondly , even if it did hand over some guns , these are unlikely to be destroyed , as per international best practice ; military and police would rather keep the good ones , and there is a well-documented history of leakage into the black market from government , " it added .	Wealth-sharing deal viewed as key step forward in quest for peace with Muslim rebels Muslims will get a 75 % share of income derived from the exploitation of minerals Rebels have been fighting for independence from the Philippines for years Peace process to create a new autonomous region administered by Muslims
CNN  -- When Barack Obama won the U.S. election four years ago , his Kenyan half sister Auma was with her family at their homestead , watching the historic occasion on television . It was a night Auma Obama remembers well . "  We had a lot of people visiting to watch with us , " she says . "  There was a lot of excitement because it had been such a tough race . There was a sense of relief that all the hard work had paid off . " Alongside Auma and her family was filmmaker Branwen Okpako , who was making a documentary about Auma , "  The Education of Auma Obama , " which is being shown in London Tuesday to coincide with the U.S. election and as part of the Film Africa festival . "  I will never forget that period in their homestead , " says Okpako . "  It was indescribable . Imagine something like that is happening to your family , yet so far away . " Okpako , 43 , a Nigerian-born filmmaker living in Germany , became friends with Auma when they were both film students in Berlin in the early 1990s . "  We were two of four African women studying at the film school at the time and we talked a lot about how the African continent was portrayed in film and how we wanted to change it , " says Okpako . Auma shares a father -- Barack Senior -- with her younger half brother , Barack . The pair did not meet until after their father died in 1982 and Barack got in touch with Auma to explore his Kenyan roots . Watch video : Auma Obama on meeting her half brother Barack Okpako had the idea for a film about her friend Auma in the run-up to the 2008 election . Auma recalls : "  I was n't particularly enthusiastic when Branwen first suggested the film , but I agreed because she is a friend and I trusted her . If it had been a stranger , I do n't think I would have done it . " Okpako says Auma was initially reticent about the film because of the huge media interest in her family that came with Barack Obama 's rise to prominence . "  It has put me in the limelight in a way that would n't have happened otherwise , " says Auma . "  I do n't like talking about my family but it 's great if it gives me the chance to talk about my work with deprived and underprivileged children . " Auma , who lives in Nairobi , traveled with Okpako to the family 's homestead in the village of Kogelo , where her grandmother lives and Barack Senior is buried . "  We were sitting together for 10 days waiting for the election and reflecting how we got to this moment in time , " says Okpako . "  We were reading the newspapers and reading the statistics , but of course we did n't know what was going to happen . It was intense and full of anticipation . "  The film deals with that moment in time when history was made , but also how they got to that moment . " She adds : "  All the family was there , the grandmother , all the cousins . Once the result was known everybody in the village came into the compound to celebrate . There must have been hundreds of people there . " Also on Inside Africa : ` Zambezia ' : 3D animation puts South Africa film in the picture Auma Obama grew up in the family 's homestead in Kogelo before moving to Germany where she spent 16 years as a journalist , broadcaster and studied for a PhD in German literature . She then lived for a period in the United Kingdom before returning to Kenya , where she works now as a social worker and youth advocate . The film is partly a fly-on-the-wall documentary about the family watching the 2008 election from their homestead , and partly uses interviews and old footage to tell the family 's story . Okpako traveled with Auma Obama to many significant places in her life to trace her story . She had hoped to interview Barack Obama for the film , but was unable to arrange time with the president . "  I thought it would be good to have him as a small character in a film about an African woman , but it was n't possible , " she said . The president did , however , get to hear about the film when the cameraman 's mother-in-law visited the White House with German chancellor Angela Merkel and told him about it . "  He asked for a copy and we sent it , but I do n't know if he has watched it , " says Okpako . "  I think it would be interesting for him to see what his Kenyan family was doing that day . " Also on Inside Africa : Artist joins Nigeria 's ` cultural explosion ' "  The Education of Auma Obama " will be shown in London on this year 's election day , Tuesday , November 6 , as part of the Film Africa festival , and Okpako will be there for a question and answer session with the audience . Auma says she has to work on election day , but she will still be watching events unfold . "  I follow my brother 's career as closely as any sibling would , " she says . "  It 's important for me to know whether or not he is happy in his job , " she adds . "  He makes me very proud because he has a tough job and does it 100 % to his ability . " The film premiered at last year 's Toronto International Film Festival and has won awards at the PanAfrican Film Festival in Los Angeles and the Africa International Film Festival in Lagos .	Auma Obama shares a father with the U.S. president Film follows her family watching 2008 election from their homestead in Kenya Auma on Barack Obama : "  He makes me very proud " Director Branwen Okpako met Auma Obama at film school in Berlin
Mental Floss  -- Article II , Section 2 of the United States Constitution grants the president "  power to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States . " With a stroke of his pen , the man in charge can make legal trouble disappear . As one might expect , this practice can be a bit controversial . President Richard Nixon signed and later was granted a pardon by the man who replaced him . President George W. Bush pardoned 19 people on December 23 , 2008 , but withdrew one of those pardons for Isaac R. Toussie a short time later . Let 's take a look at some of history 's more notable examples . 1 . George Wilson In 1829 , George Wilson and an accomplice received death sentences for murder and robbing mail trains . His accomplice quickly took a trip to the gallows , but Wilson had influential friends in Washington . These friends beseeched Andrew Jackson for leniency on behalf of their friend , and Old Hickory relented . In 1830 , he pardoned Wilson for his capital crimes ; the mail robber would only have to serve a twenty-year term for his other misdeeds . It sounds like great news for Wilson , but when authorities presented him with the pardon , Wilson perplexingly refused to accept it . After much legal back-and-forth , Wilson 's case came before the Supreme Court , which ruled that since the pardon was a bit of property , there was no legal way to force Wilson to accept it . Like his accomplice , Wilson was hanged . 2 . Richard Nixon Nixon resigned in the wake of the Watergate scandal on August 9 , 1974 , and just under a month later newly installed President Gerald Ford gave his predecessor a full and unconditional pardon for any crimes he may have committed while in office . While many observers decried the pardon as evidence of some backdoor dealing between Ford and Nixon , Ford went on national television to explain that he felt the pardon provided the best way for the country to move on and close the discussion of Nixon 's antics . Many Americans did n't buy this explanation , though ; even Ford 's own press secretary resigned in disgust . Ford conceded that the unpopular pardon probably hurt his chances for reelection in the 1976 presidential race . Mental Floss : How do ex-presidents make ends meet ? 3 . Peter Yarrow This name may not be immediately familiar , but you 'd probably recognize Yarrow 's voice if he sang "  Puff , the Magic Dragon . " As one-third of the folk outfit Peter , Paul and Mary , Yarrow dominated the music and protest scenes of the 1960s . Yarrow had legions of young fans , but unfortunately , some were a bit too young . In 1970 he was convicted of taking "  improper liberties " with a 14-year-old fan , an error for which he spent three months in jail . On his last day in office , though , Jimmy Carter granted Yarrow a pardon . Yarrow , for his part , admitted he made a huge mistake and later contritely said , "  It was an era of real indiscretion and mistakes by categorically male performers . I was one of them . I got nailed . I was wrong . I 'm sorry for it . " 4 . George Steinbrenner Many modern fans may know Steinbrenner solely as the big-mouthed , big-spending owner of the Yankees , but in 1974 "  the Boss " was also in a spot of legal trouble due to his shadowy connection with Richard Nixon 's reelection campaign . After receiving 14 criminal indictments , Steinbrenner pleaded guilty to making illegal campaign contributions and obstructing justice . The plea resulted in Steinbrenner coughing up a $ 15,000 fine , and Major League Baseball suspended him for a total of 15 months . In the closing days of his second term , though , Ronald Reagan pardoned Steinbrenner for these offenses . 5 . Junior Johnson Johnson was one of NASCAR 's first stars in the 1950s and 1960s , and he later became a wildly successful team owner in the sport . However , despite all of his triumphs at the track , Johnson had old legal problems hanging over his head . In 1956 , federal agents caught the rising NASCAR star working a moonshine still in North Carolina ; the arrest was particularly galling to Johnson because he was a legendary moonshine-running driver . He received a two-year sentence for the crime and spent 11 months in federal prison . Once Johnson got out of jail , he resumed his dominance of the NASCAR circuit , but he was bothered by the loss of his voting rights as a convicted felon . In late 1986 , Ronald Reagan pardoned Johnson for his moonshining past . Mental Floss : The men behind your favorite liquors ? 6 . Rick Hendrick Johnson 's not the only racing figure who has received a pardon , though . Hendrick , the owner of the Hendrick Motorsports team that 's included such famed drivers as Jeff Gordon , is also the owner of a giant chain of auto dealerships . During the import-crazed 1980s , getting Hondas in your inventory often meant bribing Honda execs to send you a larger allocation of the popular cars . Hendrick played this game for his dealerships , and in the process gave execs thousands of dollars in cars , cash , and even houses . I In 1997 , he pleaded guilty to mail fraud in connection with these shenanigans . His sentence included a $ 250,000 fine , a year of home confinement , three years of probation , and an order to stay away from his racing team . In December 2000 , Bill Clinton pardoned Hendrick . Other Notable Pardons ... 7 . Patty Hearst : The heiress-turned-militant spent almost two years in prison for her part in a 1974 bank robbery before Jimmy Carter commuted her sentence in 1979 . Bill Clinton later gave Hearst a full pardon on the final day of his presidency in 2001 . 8 . Every Confederate Soldier : On Christmas Day 1868 , President Andrew Johnson declared a general amnesty that unconditionally pardoned everyone who 'd fought for the Confederacy during the Civil War . 9 . Roger Clinton : Bill Clinton 's half-brother spent a year in prison after pleading guilty to cocaine distribution charges in 1984 . When Clinton issued a flurry of 140 pardons on his last day in office , his little brother was on the list . Roger did n't seem to appreciate his second chance , though ; less than a month later he was arrested for drunk driving and disturbing the peace . He later pleaded guilty to a lesser charge . Mental Floss : Presidential siblings and the headaches they caused 10 . Samuel Mudd , Edmund Spangler , and Samuel Arnold : These three convicted conspirators in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln served time for their crime , but all three received pardons from Andrew Johnson in 1869 . 11 . Brigham Young : Young doggedly fought against U.S. troops during an armed conflict as federal forces tried to install non-Mormon officials in the state . According to some accounts , Young considered burning Salt Lake City to the ground and taking off for Mexico , but he eventually decided to peacefully step down as governor instead . President James Buchanan later pardoned Young for his role in the fracas . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	President Andrew Johnson issued pardons for every Confederate soldier President Reagan pardoned a NASCAR racing star convicted of moonshining Three convicted of conspiracy in assassination of Abraham Lincoln were pardoned Train robber was hanged after refusing pardon from President Andrew Jackson
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Two U.S. filmmakers were injured Saturday when their small plane crashed into a three-story residential building in downtown Nairobi . People gather around the wreckage of a plane that struck a building in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi on Saturday . Dan Parris , 25 , and Rob Lehr , 26 , both from St. Louis , Missouri , were shooting an independent documentary on poverty in Africa . Both men were hospitalized and expected to survive , according to David Peterka , who was part of the film crew , but was not aboard the plane . He said that all four aboard the plane were Americans . A flight engineer , whose name was not released , was critically injured and was in a coma , Peterka said . The pilot , whose name has not yet been released , was killed in the crash . The crew had been in the east African nation for four days and was shooting video of Kibera , one of the largest slums in Africa . The plane was headed to nearby Wilson Airport , where most light aircraft land in the Kenyan capital . "  The pilot had warned that he was going to hover and go slow , " Peterka said . "  They were surprised when they went to about 50 feet off the ground -- and then they hit electrical lines and the plane flipped into the building . " Just before the plane crashed , the listening devices went off and they could not communicate with the pilot , Peterka said . Peterka said Lehr , who was ejected because the doors were open for filming , ran back in to rescue the others . Parris crawled out and Lehr , with the help of bystanders , pulled the pilot and the engineer out as the plane burst into flames , Peterka said . "  Local residents were using water , dirt to put the fire out " before the fire department arrived , Peterka said . "  Before the plane crashed , witnesses said it was flying unusually low , " said Francis Mwaka , a Kenyan federal communications official . The four-seater plane was owned by African Inland Missions company . No one on the ground was injured , Mwaka said . The crash is under investigation . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this story .	Pilot killed , three passengers injured when plane crashes into building Two victims were U.S. filmmakers shooting documentary on African poverty Dan Parris , Rob Lehr were taken to hospital , expected to survive Witnesses say plane was "  flying unusually low " before crash
CNN  -- Thirty-three miners trapped 2,300 feet  701 meters  below ground in Chile are depending on food , medicine and supplies being dropped to them through a 4-inch-wide tube . What comes out of that tube will have to sustain the men both physically and mentally for a long time -- perhaps four months , experts say -- while a shaft wide enough to pull a man through is drilled . The miners already have been trapped for 18 days , since a rockslide inside the San Esteban gold and copper mine cut off their exit route . A probe retrieved a note from the miners Sunday saying all were alive and well in a cramped , 530-square-foot  50-square-meter  shelter . They survived by sharing tiny portions of canned fish stored in the shelter room . "  Medics now are beginning to put down glucose water through a tube , first starting off with liquids and rehydrating salts , then in the coming days will put more solid food down , " CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported Tuesday morning from the scene near the town of Copiapo in northern Chile . "  But psychologists say really it is the mental health that 's the real thing , " Penhaul added . Forced confinement for months in a small , dark , hot space with many other people will pose intense psychological and emotional challenges . The men will have to help one another , Penhaul said . "  They have to make sure on a day when somebody is feeling down , depressed , that the others keep him there to cheer him up , " he said . Davitt McAteer , former director of the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration , said the situation is challenging on a number of levels , but the Chilean government seems to be doing everything right . "  It 's difficult . It 's the size of a studio apartment , and it 's dark . Well , now there will be some lights put in , but the conditions were very , very difficult , " he said Tuesday morning . "  You have to deal with bodily functions , and you 've got to deal with that kind of question . Then you 've got to deal with the psychological impact . "  Now , I think the fact that they 've made it these 18 days is very , very positive . But the euphoria of making contact with the surface is going to last a couple days , and then it 's going to be a long slog . " McAteer noted that with current technology , there 's no reason the trapped miners have to be isolated from their families and society during their confinement . "  These miners are resilient people , but I think also it 's a new era , " he said . "  And I see no reason why you could n't pass cell phones down to them , or computers , tethered down to them . So , we 're in a new day . And something will need to be done to divert their attention . ... How do you come up with things for them to do and arrange things so that they can get their attention diverted from just sitting there waiting ? " Added Penhaul : "  The families on the surface will also play a role as well , establishing communication with their family members to tell them to keep strong , but above all , to stay patient . They could be down there until Christmas . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Jim Kavanagh and the CNN Wire contributed to this report .	33 Chilean miners have been stuck inside mine for 18 days Rescue could take as long as four months , experts say Isolation , cramped conditions could lead to psychological problems Cell phones , small computers could be sent down to miners , expert says
CNN  -- Colleen Hufford , 54 , was beheaded by Alton Nolen during a surprise attack at a Vaughan Foods plant in Oklahoma last week , according to police . Thankfully , before the terrorist -- yes , terrorist -- could behead another victim , Traci Johnson , he was shot by the company 's CEO , Mark Vaughan , who is also a deputy sheriff . The terrorist survived . Hufford , a wife , mother , and grandmother , did not . Her husband of 25 years was outside Vaughan Foods that afternoon , waiting to pick her up as he did every day , when he learned she was the victim of a terrorist attack . It was a terrorist attack , and everyone knows it . Why wo n't the government say so ? The Washington Post reports that the FBI found "  no indication that Alton Alexander Nolen was copying the beheadings of journalists in Syria by the Islamic State ... adding that they are treating this as an incident of workplace violence . " Workplace violence ? You ca n't be serious ! Oh wait -- the FBI must mean "  workplace violence " as in the case of Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , the terrorist convicted in the 2009 Fort Hood shooting that killed 13 people and left many more wounded . Oh yeah , I remember that extremist attack carried out by a "  soldier of Allah " -- but that 's just workplace violence . It does n't mean anything that Hasan is writing letters from death row to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , begging to become a citizen of the self-procaimed Islamic State . Just a guy who got angry at work . Prosecutor likely to seek death penalty How dumb do you think we are ? Fort Hood was an act of terrorism , the beheading of Hufford was an act of terrorism , and it 's time the FBI , the President , and all of us started calling it that . There are three reasons . First , it 's important to give this barbaric crime the label it begs for -- not just because of the charges it should carry and the punishment that should be handed down , but because it 's important , at every turn , to draw a very clear distinction between ISIS extremists and the silent majority of Muslims who are just as horrified as non-Muslim Americans More than 100 Muslim clerics and scholars just condemned ISIS , outlining in 17 pages why ISIS ' actions are an "  offense to Islam , Muslims and to the entire world . " They , too , are unfairly tarnished with every barbaric , terrorist act performed in the name of their religion . Second , it 's essential if we want to win the war on terror that we understand how technology has changed that war since 9/11 . President Obama admitted that the United States "  underestimated " ISIS . And in his speech before the United Nations , he described ISIS as a "  network of death " that must be defeated . I agree . And this "  network of death " has managed to reach beyond the confines of Syria and the Middle East . Thanks to the barbaric beheading videos , ISIS is in our living rooms and our news feeds and on our minds . And that 's exactly how ISIS wants it . It makes those snuff videos precisely so we 'll watch and talk about it , and so terrorists like Nolen will be inspired to perform acts of terrorism on U.S. soil . You can try to downplay the connection to ISIS by calling Nolen a lone wolf , a copy cat or a nut case , but there is evidence of a very real connection these lone wolves feel to terrorists , and we 'd better stop ignoring it and passing it off as "  workplace violence . " After ISIS beheaded Americans James Foley and Steven Sotloff and British aid worker David Haines , Algerian terrorists kidnapped and beheaded French hiker Herve Gourdel . Just last month Australian authorities uncovered and stopped an alleged terrorist plot to kidnap a random person who would be beheaded in a "  demonstration killing . " Nolen may not have been part of an active ISIS cell waiting around to make a coordinated strike , but he is a terrorist who sympathized with and was inspired by Islamic fundamentalist militants . Just last week , an ISIS leader , Abu Muhammad al-Adnani , released a 42-minute recorded speech directed toward "  lone wolf " operations encouraging terrorists like Nolen . "  Do not ask for anyone 's advice and do not seek anyone 's verdict , kill the infidel whether he is civilian or military . " I do n't know if he watched this ISIS recruitment video , but apparently Nolen did watch beheading videos online . According to an article by Michael Daly in The Daily Beast , in March Nolen posted one to his Facebook page , under the pseudonym Jah ` Keem Yisrael , with the caption : "  This do we find the clear precedent that explains the particular penchant of Islamic terrorists to behead their victims , it is merely another precedent bestowed by their Prophet . " He also added a citation from the Quran : "  I will instill terror into the hearts of the Unbelievers ; smite ye about their necks . " "  Smite " means a heavy blow or stroke with a weapon . The terrorist who killed Colleen Hufford "  smote " her neck when he cut it , reportedly with the same knife he used to slice produce when he worked at Vaughan Foods . According to Daly , Nolen posted photos of Osama bin Laden , other jihadis , and the Twin Towers burning . The Christian Science Monitor reported he wrote : "  She  the Statue of Liberty  is going into flames . She and anybody who 's with her . " He posted photos of a woman being flogged , Daly wrote , with the words "  Islam will dominate the world . Freedom can go to hell . " There 's nothing but evidence that Nolen was copying the ISIS beheadings in Syria . So let 's drop the political correctness for once and call the Oklahoma beheading what it is -- terrorism .	Mel Robbins : Woman beheaded in Oklahoma is victim of terrorist attack She says FBI calls it workplace violence , but there 's evidence of Alton Nolen 's focus on ISIS She says denying this avoids new realities in war on terror : It 's online , can affect us at home We risk tarnishing Muslim-Americans , overwhelmingly peace-loving , she says
The State Department voiced concern Friday about the case of an American citizen in prison in Bahrain , whom a United Nations report alleges was tortured . Tagi al-Maidan was arrested in October 2012 on charges related to Shiite protests against the Sunni-led government for greater rights . He was sentenced a year later by a Bahraini court to 10 years in jail on charges of unlawful assembly , intent to kill police , destruction of police vehicles and possession of Molotov cocktails . The United States has said little about the case of al-Maidan , born in Connecticut to a Saudi father and a Bahraini mother , citing privacy laws . After his family produced a Privacy Act waiver , authorizing the United States government to talk about the case , the State Department finally said this week it had concerns about the fairness of al-Maidan 's trial , as well as his "  safety and welfare , his treatment in prison , including his medical and nutritional needs . " "  This a case that we 've taken very seriously , " said Jeff Rathke , a State Department spokesman , indicating the government has raised this "  at the highest levels of the government of Bahrain . " The Bahraini government has denied the charges , insisting it has a "  zero tolerance " policy on torture . A report by the U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention documents sources saying that al-Maidan was forced to make a false confession under torture that he assaulted a police officer by throwing a stone at him . With no physical evidence , the conviction was based on that confession , the report said , adding that "  Mr. al-Maidan and his mother were able to credibly testify that he was at home the time that the crime was allegedly committed . " The group called for al-Maidan 's release . A representative of al-Maidan 's family confirmed to CNN details in the U.N. report , including that al-Maidan says his confession was extracted by acts of torture , including beatings in the chest and head , forcing him to stand for long periods despite a spinal condition and denying him access to a bathroom . Since his conviction , al-Maidan has endured "  further abuse and mistreatment , " according to the report and representatives of the al-Maidan family . The U.N. report said the government "  did not provide any explanation or justification for these serious violations . Rathke said U.S. consular officers have visited al-Maidan five times during his two-year detention and that in response to concerns , he has been given access to medical care . The case presents a dilemma for the United States , which insists there is no greater priority than the protection of American citizens . The tiny Gulf kingdom is a key American ally in an unstable region and home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . Most recently , Bahrain has taken part in airstrikes against ISIS as part of the U.S.-led coalition . Washington has tempered its concerns about Bahrain 's human rights record and its heavy-handed crackdown on a popular uprising . Local and human rights groups charge many Shiite Bahraini youths have been arbitrarily arrested and jailed for alleged crimes against security forces . Calling al-Maidan 's arrest and continued detention "  arbitrary , " the U.N. working group referred the allegations of his alleged abuse to the U.N. Special Rapporteur on Torture and called on the Bahraini government to immediately release him and grant him compensation for the "  harm he has suffered . " The Bahraini court upheld the verdict on appeal , but al-Maidan 's lawyers say they have filed for another appeal and are waiting for a hearing date . Rathke said the State Department expected the case to go to appeal , and in its discussions with the Bahraini government continues to address its concern over judicial proceedings in the case and "  emphasize the importance of Bahrain 's commitment to fair trial guarantees required by international law . " "  This is a matter of ongoing concern , " Rathke said .	Tagi al-Maidan has been jailed in Bahrain for more than two years U.N. group claims he was forced to make false confession Bahrain says it has "  zero tolerance " for torture
CNN  -- A boiling primary battle in Texas headed to a runoff early Wednesday as two Republicans running for U.S. Senate failed to reach the 50 % threshold to clinch the GOP nomination . Though Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst led the crowded field of candidates , he narrowly failed to cross the 50 % mark required to secure the nomination and avoid a July 31 runoff . Dewhurst 's challenger in the runoff will be tea party favorite Ted Cruz , a former solicitor general with strong support from national groups and high-profile conservative leaders . With 99.6 % of precincts counted , Dewhurst held 48 % of the vote to 30 % for Cruz . Other contenders in Tuesday 's primary included former Dallas Mayor Tom Leppert and ESPN Broadcaster Craig James . Neither candidate will forge ahead to compete in the runoff . The Texas race is particularly important because the balance of power in the U.S. Senate could shift in 2012 . It is also another test in the staying power and influence of tea party groups and their political strategy to focus more on congressional races than on the presidential campaign . The race , held to replace retiring Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , has seen a Texas-sized level of spending , as well . According to Federal Election Commission reports , more than $ 31.6 million had been dumped in the GOP primary as of May 9 , with more than half coming from Dewhurst 's team . While Cruz 's campaign has spent more than $ 4 million , the underdog has been boosted by a surge of outside spending . The fiscal conservative organization Club for Growth has spent more than $ 2 million , and the tea party oriented FreedomWorks has also been heavy on the ground in get-out-the-vote efforts on behalf of Cruz . Members of the Tea Party Express , a leading arm of the grass-roots movement , have traversed the state by bus in support of Cruz . Adding to his rising star power , the former solicitor general landed endorsements from former GOP presidential candidate Rick Santorum and tea party stalwart Sarah Palin , two big voices in the conservative movement . Dewhurst , meanwhile , touts his support from 2008 presidential candidate and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has also been vocal for his No. 2 . In a recent commercial , Perry urged voters to turn out for Dewhurst , insisting he was the true conservative in the race . Given that Perry and Dewhurst have worked together for almost a decade , some political observers characterize the race as a possible referendum on Perry , the state 's longest-serving governor in history . But Perry brushed off the idea on Friday , telling CNN Chief National Correspondent John King that while national conservatives may be making noise in the race against Dewhurst , the local movement will stand for the lieutenant governor . "  There 's , you know , people who come from out of state and make their endorsements known , " Perry said . "  But Texas conservatives are lining up behind David Dewhurst . " Dewhurst opponents criticize the candidate as being part of the Republican establishment and having too many years in government under his belt . Before becoming lieutenant governor , Dewhurst served as Texas Land Commissioner in the late '90s . Hitting back , Dewhurst points to his private sector experience as the co-founder of Falcon Seaboard , an energy company based in Houston . He also boasts his role in pushing for socially conservative legislation in the state , including a recent bill that requires women to see a sonogram and go through a 24-hour waiting period before having an abortion . Dewhurst has attacked Cruz , who is of Cuban descent , as a supporter of amnesty and a member of the Hispanic Leadership Fund and the Hispanic Alliance for Prosperity Institute . Cruz has also been on the defense over criticism that he works for a firm representing a Chinese company being sued for patent violations . The candidate has repeatedly shot down both claims , arguing he has long been an opponent of illegal immigration and saying he is not the lead lawyer in the patent lawsuit . The Hispanic Leadership Fund also fired back against Dewhurst 's latest ad , saying Cruz has never had any position with the group and faulted the ad as dishonest . "  The Hispanic Leadership Fund support using free market and limited government principles to strengthen border security , restore a functional legal immigration system , and promote patriotic assimilation . If David Dewhurst wants to deceitfully lump us in with leftist organizations that actually do promote amnesty , then all he is accomplishing is demonstrating to Texas voters how intellectually shallow he is , " Mario H. Lopez , the organization 's president , said in a statement . On the Democratic side , former state Rep. Paul Sadler and political operative Sean Hubbard are competing for their party 's nomination . Texas has not elected a Democrat to the Senate in more than two decades . Political handicappers Stuart Rothenberg and Charlie Cook both rate the open seat as safe for Republicans .	Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst fails to get 50 % of primary vote That forces a runoff with tea party favorite Ted Cruz SEC reports put spending in the hotly contended race at $ 31.6 million
CNN  -- One of the diplomatic cables published by WikiLeaks reveals that North Korean officials suggested the U.S. government make arrangements for rock icon Eric Clapton to perform in Pyongyang as a way of building "  good will " between the countries . The suggestion was relayed to the U.S. Embassy in Seoul , South Korea , through an intermediary whose name was redacted from the document . "  Arranging an Eric Clapton concert in Pyongyang could also be useful , -LSB- the intermediary -RSB- said , given Kim Jong-Il 's second son 's devotion to the rock legend , " the cable begins . "  As Kim Jong-Il 's second son , Kim Jong-chol , is reported to be a great fan , the performance could be an opportunity to build good will . " Representatives for Clapton did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Sunday . But one analyst cautioned Sunday that the 2007 cable 's contents could say more about an intermediary 's interest in trying to promote himself by arranging a high-profile performance than North Korea 's leadership . "  At that point , given the generally positive diplomatic atmosphere , I doubt the U.S. government would have objected . But this may be more the fantasy of a self-promoting intermediary than a reflection of the desire of the Dear Leader and his sons to rock 'n' roll in Pyongyang , " said Mike Chinoy , author of "  Meltdown : The Inside Story of the North Korean Nuclear Crisis . " However , Chinoy -- formerly CNN 's Senior Asia Correspondent -- noted that the cable is not the first time a story has surfaced about the Kim family 's admiration for the British rock legend . "  One of the stories about Kim Jong Chol and his brother Kim Jong Un is that one , or both , supposedly went to a Clapton concert somewhere in Europe while they were attending boarding school in Switzerland , " he said . The cable , titled " -LSB- Redacted -RSB- Shares Ideas on DPRK Interaction , " deals with North Korean relations with South Korea , the United States , and Korean-Americans wishing to meet with their relatives still in the country . It makes no reference to the North Korean nuclear program . The intermediary advocated for greater U.S. government involvement in "  facilitating the reunification of Korean-American families divided by the Korean War . " The cable mentions two groups -- Compatriots United and the Los Angeles-based Pyongtong -- that arrange such reunions but often have difficulties dealing with the North Korean bureaucracy . The document says Compatriots United has arranged "  thousands of reunions , " but it is under the control of North Korea 's Overseas Compatriots Committee . That committee , the cable claims , "  extorts a tremendous amount of money from desperate families to arrange the visits . " According to the cable , the intermediary told U.S. diplomats that "  North Korea would not run such an exploitative system if the United States government were involved in the process . There is a reluctance , he said , for Korean-Americans to pursue family reunions because they do not want to divulge their personal information to the DPRK and they do not want the North Koreans to milk them for money before , during and after the reunion . " "  The -LSB- United States government -RSB- could at least volunteer to serve as a conduit for correspondence between these families and North Korea to prevent the DPRK from learning the home addresses and bank accounts of participants . The DPRK might be willing to accept this structure because it badly wants a relationship with Washington , " the cable reads . The intermediary also described the frustrating process for any outsiders to get things done in North Korea . "  It is necessary to get the DPRK 's various institutions to cooperate . Each institution seems to have veto power , but none has the power to push anything forward . ... The only organizations that can really deliver are the military , which does not talk to anybody , or the Red Cross . "	NEW : An analyst says another story suggests Kim Jong Il 's son is a fan of Clapton A performance by the rock icon was called "  an opportunity to build good will " The suggestion was relayed to the U.S. embassy in South Korea via an intermediary The cable is one of thousands being released by the WikiLeaks website
CNN  -- There was a time , not very long ago , when it seemed as if each of the world 's major problems and every potential solution pivoted around the United States . The president of the United States was referred to as the leader of the free world , and the term was not used with irony or mockery . No one today would , or should , use that musty old expression , which dates back to the Cold War . For one thing , it 's not even clear precisely what the free world is . Still , it 's worth pondering whether if in the next election , American voters will crown the most powerful man in the world , the man who will lead the world 's democracies and inspire those who aspire to freedom . In short : Does America , and the American president , still matter that much to the rest of the planet ? I spent much of the time leading up to the last two presidential elections traveling overseas . Back then , conversations with non-Americans revealed anxiety about the elections , which would result in consecutive terms for George W. Bush . More than once I heard the comment that the whole world should be allowed to vote in the U.S. election , because the outcome would affect people 's lives everywhere . For many decades , the security of Europe depended on Washington 's protection , and the world economy rose and fell on the fate of America 's economic growth . Today , America seems little more than a bystander on many of the top global issues . The European economic crisis does not hinge on U.S. actions . Developing economies worry more about Chinese than American growth . Those who believed peace between Arabs and Israelis depends on the United States are no longer so convinced . The Arab uprisings , revolutions and civil wars have seen some U.S. involvement -- most notably in Libya -- but they have largely unfolded on their own stage , with America sitting in the audience , at times cheering , criticizing or just offering an opinion . Opinion : What matters to women in the election It would be easy to conclude that America 's presidential election this time around is a matter of concern only to Americans . But that would be wrong . The world remains enthralled with American politics . No other election on the planet receives a similar amount of attention . Not even close . I have just returned from another couple of rounds abroad and still I see enormous interest in U.S. politics . Headlines everywhere follow the minutiae of the protracted U.S. presidential election . From Latin America to Asia , people heard about Republican candidates Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich . They are intrigued that Mitt Romney is a Mormon , and they have heard about issues of U.S. health care and American troops in Afghanistan . Still , the sense that the U.S. election will have a direct and immediate impact on everyone 's life seems to have receded compared to the days of the Iraq war . Opinion : Romney 's absurd idea on indicting Ahmadinejad People with Internet connections for the first time had the opportunity to watch the presidential debates . According to YouTube , millions watched live , at all hours of the day and night , in 215 countries and territories . One poll , conducted by Gallup in 30 countries , interviewing 26,000 people , found 42 % say they wish they could vote in the U.S. election . The number is even greater for young people , which shows it 's not just Cold War nostalgia at work in the emotional connection to the United States . Nearly two-thirds of those asked said a U.S. president has a great impact on life in their own countries . Over the years , many people have resented American influence and power . When the Soviet Union collapsed and the competition between the two superpowers left only one standing , the French , in particular , derided America as the "  Hyperpower . " Resentment of U.S. power will never die in some quarters , but the polls show a majority of Europeans consider American leadership in world affairs "  desirable . " When the president of France started pushing for Western intervention to prevent civilian massacres in Libya , it took American power to make it happen . With tragic symmetry , the massacres have continued in Syria as Washington decided not to intervene . Bergen : Romney endorses Obama 's national security policy The world watches America 's top politicians . It gets to know them , and everyone has an opinion . A number of polls show Barack Obama is the overwhelming favorite to win this election ; that 's among non-Americans . The Gallup Global Poll found Obama ahead by 81 % to 19 % . Another poll commissioned by the BBC and conducted in 21 countries showed Obama ahead 50 % to 21 % . The president was ahead everywhere except in Pakistan , where Romney edged ahead , but neither candidate was liked by even 20 % of those questioned . Obama was enormously popular in Europe , Australia , Canada , Nigeria , Kenya , Panama , Brazil and other countries . It 's also not as if the world started paying attention only as the elections approached . Pollsters have been taking the temperature of global opinion all along . Obama came to office with enormous support at home and abroad . As his popularity numbers started coming down to earth in the United States , they did the same in other countries . Early this year , the international consensus was against Obama . Just 46 % wanted him re-elected , according to Gallup 's March poll . His approval rating collapsed , particularly in Arab countries , scraping the bottom in Egypt at just 19 % . As the alternative emerged , views changed . Now that they see it 's Obama or Romney , the world says give us Obama . I 'll leave the explanation of that reaction for another day . The United States has undoubtedly lost a great deal of the influence it once had . It does n't always have the ability or the inclination to shape events . Power is more widely divided , but still today nobody has more of it . And that power is not just measured in money or guns . It is still measured in ideas and values . That 's why polls show so many people still look to the United States and say they want America to hold on to its position of global leadership . The entire world is paying attention to the American election , because the president of the United States , whoever he  yes , still he  is , remains the most powerful and influential human being on Earth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : President once considered leader of free world , a key influence in world She says it 's less so now , but world riveted on presidential election and its wide impact She says Obama popularity had ebbed globally but is up again , now that Romney is opponent Ghitis : World is attentive , because U.S. president remains most powerful person on Earth
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Applebee 's The world 's largest casual dining chain celebrated 30 years of eatin ' good in the neighborhood in 2010 . The original Applebee 's , which was named T.J. Applebee 's Rx for Edibles & Elixirs , opened in Atlanta in 1980 . The founders of the original restaurant , including Bill and T.J. Palmer , wanted to name the restaurant Appleby 's , but that spelling had already been registered . Cinnamon 's and Peppers , two other names considered , were taken as well . The Palmers settled on T.J. Applebee 's , which was just different enough from their first choice . "  Menu items ranging from munchies to steak and quail are served at round , high-topped tables on platforms , " read one newspaper review from 1981 . A second location was opened in Atlanta before T.J. Palmer 's ownership group sold the restaurant concept in 1983 . The name was changed to Applebee 's Neighborhood Bar & Grill in 1986 and became the first casual dining chain to hit 1,000 locations in 1998 . 2 . Bob Evans Bob Evans began producing sausage on his farm in 1948 for a 12-stool diner he owned in southeastern Ohio . His patrons raved about the sausage , prompting Evans to enter the sausage-making business on a larger scale . Bob Evans Farms was launched in 1953 , and when the number of visitors to his farm began to increase , Evans saw an opportunity . Evans opened a small restaurant called the Sausage Shop in front of his brick farmhouse in Rio Grande , Ohio , in 1962 . The Sausage Shop is considered the first of Bob Evans ' now-famous chain restaurants . Today , Evans ' farmhouse , known as the Homestead , is on the National Register of Historic Places . 3 . California Pizza Kitchen In 1985 , federal prosecutors Rick Rosenfield and Larry Flax opened the first California Pizza Kitchen in Beverly Hills . Rosenfield and Flax , who were inspired by Wolfgang Puck 's popular Spago restaurant in West Hollywood and hired Puck 's original pizza chef at CPK , read Ray Kroc 's autobiography prior to starting their business . Today , the chain has grown to more than 250 restaurants . Mental Floss : Why Mr. Rogers was the best neighbor ever 4 . Cheesecake Factory In 1972 , Oscar and Evelyn Overton moved from Detroit to a suburb of Los Angeles to launch a wholesale bakery specializing in cheesecakes . Six years later , the Overton 's son , David , opened a salad and sandwich shop in Beverly Hills that featured 10 flavors of his mom 's cheesecake . One of the main purposes of the shop was to get local restaurateurs to carry the Overton 's cheesecake in their own establishments , but it turned into a booming business of its own . Overton opened a second restaurant in Marina Del Rey in 1983 . The rest was history . 5 . Cracker Barrel In 1969 , Dan Evins , who worked in his family 's gasoline business , opened the first Cracker Barrel Old Country Store off Highway 109 in Lebanon , Tennessee . By 1977 , 13 additional Cracker Barrel stores had opened . The goal of the original Cracker Barrel was to provide a place for motorists to fill their tanks and their stomachs , and the inspiration for the concept came from the general stores that Evins frequented as a child . According to the Cracker Barrel website , goods such as crackers were shipped to these stores in barrels , and when the barrels were empty , the base was often used for a checkerboard . The gift shop remains a staple of Cracker Barrels today . 6 . Denny 's Harold Butler founded Denny 's in Lakewood , Calif. , in 1953 as Danny 's Donuts . First-year earnings totaled $ 120,000 . Butler opened 20 additional shops and expanded the menu to include sandwiches and other entrees over the next six years before renaming his restaurants Denny 's . Butler began franchising Denny 's in 1963 and introduced its signature Grand Slam breakfast in Atlanta in 1977 . In 2000 , Denny 's opened a restaurant in Rhode Island , which was the only state without one . Mental Floss : How do you decaffeinate coffee ? 7 . IHOP The first IHOP was opened by brothers Al and Jerry Lapin on July 7 , 1958 , in Toluca Lake , California . Part of the reason the Lapins chose Toluca Lake was to capitalize on the overflow crowd from Bob 's Big Boy . Al Lapin had operated a series of coffee carts in Los Angeles when fast-food chains started to take off and saw the potential for a fast-food restaurant that specialized in breakfast . Today , IHOP boasts more than 1,500 restaurants in all 50 states . IHOP purchased Applebee 's in 2007 . 8 . Red Lobster Bill Darden opened the first Red Lobster in Lakeland , Florida , in 1968 . The restaurant , which offered seafood at reasonable prices , was popular from the start and Darden soon opened four additional locations throughout Florida . In 1970 , General Mills purchased Darden 's chain . The original restaurant was closed in 1997 after Darden determined that Lakeland would be better served by only one location . Red Lobster was n't the first color/animal restaurant Darden started . Decades earlier , he opened The Green Frog . 9 . TGI Friday 's Alan Stillman opened the first T.G.I. Friday 's at First Avenue and 63rd St. in New York City in 1965 -- partially as a means of meeting airline stewardesses . "  The other thing is that my timing was exquisite , because I opened T.G.I. Friday 's the exact year the pill was invented , " Stillman told the New City Reader last year . "  I happened to hit the sexual revolution on the head , and the result was that , without really intending it , I became the founder of the first singles bar . " The first Friday 's featured Tiffany lamps , sawdust on the floor , and distinctive red and white striped awnings . First year revenues at the original Friday 's were $ 1 million . A second location opened in Memphis in 1970 , and within 10 years , eight other T.G.I. Friday 's had opened . Stillman eventually sold Friday 's and launched Smith and Wollensky Steakhouse in 1977 . Mental Floss : Who was the first stewardess ? 10 . Waffle House The original Waffle House opened on Labor Day 1955 on East College Avenue in Decatur , Georgia . In 2008 , the 13-stool diner that launched more than 1,500 Waffle Houses reopened as a Waffle House museum , with vintage equipment and memorabilia displays of old uniforms and place settings . "  That was the year McDonald 's and all the hamburger chains started doing takeout , " Waffle House co-founder Joe Rogers told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution in 2008 of his idea to open a restaurant with his neighbor , Tom Forkner . "  We wanted to do sit-down , and we knew you could n't take out a waffle or it 'd become flimsy . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	The creators of California Pizza Kitchen were inspired by Wolfgang Puck 's Spago Denny 's introduced its signature Grand Slam breakfast in Atlanta in 1977 TGI Friday 's began as a popular singles bar The original Waffle House opened on Labor Day 1955
CNN  -- Some of the biggest names in tennis have faltered at Indian Wells , but Novak Djokovic showed his grit to beat Marin Cilic after being comprehensively outplayed in the first set . Djokovic will now have one eye on the crystal trophy as rivals Andy Murray and Stanislas Wawrinka crashed out against lowly opponents . The world No. 2 -- twice the winner at Indian Wells in 2008 and 2011 -- booked his place in the quarterfinals of the Masters 1000 tournament with a 1-6 6-2 6-3 victory in California on Wednesday . Cilic , seeded 24th , surged ahead to a 5-0 lead on his way to winning the first set , but Djokovic claims not to have been fazed . "  I was composed and mentally calm , regardless of the score line , " he told reporters . "  I just accepted the fact that he came out of the blocks better than I did . " The match ended as a sweeping victory for the Serbian , who did not face a break point while taking the remaining sets . Djokovic finds himself the top-ranked player remaining at the first ATP Masters tournament of the year after the shock exit of world No. 1 Rafael Nadal in the third round and other high-seeded contenders in round four . Roger Federer is now the only other player from the top 10 remaining in the tournament . He reached the last eight with a 6-4 6-4 victory over German veteran Tommy Haas , but was robbed of the enticing prospect of an all-Swiss quarterfinal . The stage had been set for a clash between third-seeded Wawrinka -- still racing from January 's Australian Open victory undefeated in 2014 before the match -- and former world No. 1 . But 32-year-old Federer will now meet Kevin Anderson in the last eight after the South African defeated Wawrinka in three sets  7-6  7/1  4-6 6-1  . At the end of a 13-match winning streak this year , the 28-year-old Swiss was reflective : "  I do n't feel the pressure of losing a match , because I knew it 's going to happen , " Wawrinka told reporters . "  I 'm not going to keep winning every tournament . " Wawrinka was not alone in faltering in the round of 16 . Andy Murray was left to ponder his form after once again failing to reach the latter stages of the tournament . The world No. 5 is yet to reach a final since having back surgery in September , and his limp performance against 23-year-old Raonic left him bemused . "  I 'll need to have a think about it and have a look at what happened , " Murray told reporters after the 4-6 7-5 6-3 defeat . "  It 's going to come down to confidence . There 's no other explanation for missing those shots . " Raonic , the 10th seed , will now face Nadal 's conqueror Alexandr Dolgopolov . Order was restored in the women 's tournament , where second-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska and sixth-seeded Simona Halep both recorded wins . Romanian Halep was first to book a place in the semis of the WTA singles , strolling to a 6-2 6-2 victory over unseeded Australian Casey Dellacqua . World No. 3 Radwanska joined her later in the afternoon . She completed a three-set victory over Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic  7-5 2-6 6-4  to set up a rematch of last month 's semi-final in Doha . After that defeat , Radwanska will be hoping for a different result on Friday when the two will meet for a shot at the final .	Novak Djokovic booked his place in the quarter finals at Indian Wells Andy Murray and Stanislas Wawrinka lose against lower seeded opponents Federer joins Djokovic with easy win over Germany 's Tommy Haas First women 's semi final set to feature Agnieszka Radwanska and Simona Halep
CNN  -- As the nation continues to grieve for the six adults and 20 children taken too soon in the Newtown , Connecticut , school shooting , a hero from another generation has slipped peacefully into the pages of history . There were many who knew Sen. Dan Inouye , a Democrat and Medal of Honor recipient from Hawaii who passed away Monday , better than we did . But we had the good fortune of sitting with him this past summer , interviewing him and hearing some of the remarkable stories from his life in America 's service . The portrait that emerged was that of a man of courage , character , and , perhaps above all , a singular spirit of peace and good will that was forged , paradoxically , amid some of the most horrendous carnage of the Second World War . News : Hawaii 's Daniel Inouye , Senate 's second longest-serving member , dead at 88 Some of Inouye 's deeds -- his valor serving on the German front in one of America 's most decorated  and heavily wounded  units , his Herculean political efforts on behalf of his home state -- have been well remarked . What we were especially struck by was his quiet , sagelike humanity . There was his story , for example , of the day during the war when he came upon a German soldier who appeared to be preparing to kill him . The German , as Inouye told it , put his hand into his shirt , and Inouye , thinking he was reaching for his weapon , "  smashed him in the face . " As the man hit the ground , his hand fell out of his shirt , revealing photographs -- the soldier 's wife , his kids . "  So help me , up until that moment , I looked upon Germans as enemies , period , " said Inouye , who had by then killed many enemy soldiers already . "  From that moment , I looked upon him as a father , son , uncle , boyfriend . He was human . And it 's not easy to kill . " It was , he said , what he always told people when they expressed disbelief that he , a decorated veteran , could stand up against the war in Iraq . "  You 've got to convince me before we go to war , " he maintained . "  You would never forget running over a dog -- the bump . If you do n't forget that , how can you forget killing a human being ? " To hear Inouye talk was to sit beside a still , fathomless pool -- he spoke with a measured calm and wisdom that made clear how deep the dignity beneath it ran . In that way , he called to mind an echo of former Senate Majority Leader Mike Mansfield -- of whom , Inouye said , "  If there was a mentor , it was him . " And he carried Mansfield 's stoic ability to forge consensus and compromise with him , far into a legislative era known for its strident opposites . Of his 12 subcommittees , Inouye told us in July , "  Nine of them have reported out their bills almost unanimously . About six were unanimous -- 30-0 . The others were 29-1 , 28-2 . ... That 's this month . It can be done ! ... And 30-0 includes  Senate Minority Leader Mitch  McConnell ! " His secret was deceptively straightforward : a steady practice of simple gestures -- sitting with senators who had objections , calling a senior Republican "  vice chairman " instead of "  ranking member "  "  I hate that word ` ranking ' -- it 's something like ` stink ' ! "  , not speaking ill of anyone to the press . "  It might take some patience , but when I found out that you were pissed about  a  program , I 'd sit down with you and talk about it , " he told us . "  Little things like that make a difference . " It was a basic humanity and a largeness of vision that Inouye extended to individuals from all backgrounds , born not only out of his experiences seeing his own people -- Japanese-Americans -- vilified and interned during World War II  Inouye himself signed up as soon as the U.S. government lifted its ban on American-born Japanese enlistments  , but from his own crucibles in the war . Describing the injury that cost him his right arm and very nearly his life , Inouye told us of being taken to the Army hospital , of being initially counted a hopeless case , of having his arm amputated without anesthesia , of ultimately receiving 17 blood transfusions to stay alive . Of those 17 transfusions , he explained : "  That made a little difference in my outlook on life . In our last battle , the regiment was attached to the 92nd Division -- all African-American . Hospitals were run by the 92nd Division , and in those days , I do n't know about the other hospitals , but in the one I was in ,  the blood  came in a glass bottle , with tape -- donated by so and so , private , 92nd Division . So you know he 's African-American . Well I got 17 pints . "  If it were n't for  the 92nd  , I would n't be here . The war did a lot to change your ideas . I looked upon  people of color  , as I do today , as brothers . What else can I do ? After all , I 've got the same blood . " Throughout its history , the nation has been blessed to have men like Inouye -- reserved , unboastful men , whose actions show the deep reservoir of quiet honor from which they draw their strength . Who show the courage that Hemingway called "  grace under pressure . " When he was first brought to the Army field hospital after sustaining the wounds that would claim his arm , Inouye related , "  The doctors looked at me ; they 're mumbling among themselves , " he recalled . "  Two minutes later a chaplain comes up -- opening words : ` God loves you . ' "  I said : ' I know that . I love him too , " he recounted with a chuckle . " ` But I 'm not ready to meet him yet ! ' " No one can know the ways of the Lord , but we would be surprised if he was n't happy to meet Dan Inouye today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Zuckerman and David Gergen .	Michael Zuckerman , David Gergen : Sen. Dan Inouye was a hero from another generation They say senator was a man of courage , service , who had a lesson in humanity on battlefield They say he stood up against the war in Iraq , had personal understanding of human toll Writers : He treated colleagues with dignity , was able to forge consensus in subcommittees
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Classic pop rock band Chicago and Grammy-Award-winning songwriter Bill Champlin have parted ways after nearly three decades together . Bill Champlin is leaving Chicago . "  This music is callin ' me , " he says of his new solo venture . "  Bill Champlin is no longer in Chicago . He was a long-time band member and we wish him all the best as he embarks on his new solo project , for which he 's worked long and hard. , " a statement from Chicago 's management said Monday "  After 28 years with Chicago , singer-songwriter-keyboardist Bill Champlin is parting ways with the classic jazz/rock band to focus once again on his solo career , " Champlin 's publicist Judi Kerr said of the split . "  This music is callin ' me , " said Champlin , whose new solo album "  No Place Left to Fall " was released last week on the DreamMakers label . "  I 'm really looking forward to playing more intimate venues and hearing what fans think of the new music . I ca n't wait to spend some one-on-one time with my old and new fans ! " Champlin has scheduled a string of concerts along the West Coast in November to promote the new album . Champlin joined Chicago in 1981 at a pivotal point in the band 's history . After a string of 12 platinum and multiplatinum albums , Chicago was struggling for direction in the years after the death of original guitarist Terry Kath in 1978 . The appearance of the new vocalist/keyboardist/guitarist on "  Chicago 16 , " along with the production skills of David Foster , marked a new era of chart success for the band . Champlin was most prominently featured on "  Chicago 19 , " where he sang lead on three of the album 's four hit singles , including the chart-topping "  Look Away , " which ranked No. 1 on Billboard 's 1989 year-end Hot 100 . Before joining Chicago , Champlin picked up a pair of Grammy Awards for tunes he penned for other artists : "  After the Love is Gone " for Earth , Wind & Fire and "  Turn Your Love Around " for George Benson . Champlin also occasionally performs with the Sons of Champlin , a horn-heavy band he helped found during the late-1960s San Francisco , California , psychedelic scene . Chicago is on a co-headlining tour with Earth , Wind & Fire this summer , with the next show scheduled for August 21 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . Lou Pardini , a Grammy-nominated keyboardist who has played with Stevie Wonder and Santana , will replace Champlin , according to Chicago 's management . Chicago formed in 1967 , committed to the concept of a rock 'n' roll band with horns . First called The Big Thing , the group was known as Chicago Transit Authority on its debut album before taking its present name . In more than four decades , Chicago has sold more than 122 million recordings . It had five consecutive No. 1 albums and has had more than 50 Top-40 singles .	Singer-songwriter-keyboardist Champlin joined Chicago in 1981 He 'll tour in autumn to promote new solo album "  No Place Left to Fall " Grammy-nominated keyboardist Lou Pardini will replace Champlin Group formed in 1967 and was named The Big Thing , then Chicago Transit Authority
CNN -- One evening in the spring of 2010 , Keith McSpurren settled down with his children in his home in Toronto to watch play-off hockey on television , a ritual repeated in millions of households across Canada . But as he watched the presenters running through the news of the day , he suddenly saw something in the background that had probably gone unnoticed to most . "  I take an odd pride in this , but I knew I had made it when I watched TV and sure enough behind the guys there 's a CoverItLive console , " McSpurren said . "  I hit pause on the DVR and asked my son , ` See that thing in the middle ? That 's our software . That 's what dad does . ' " The console McSpurren had spotted will be familiar to almost anyone who has looked at a news website in the past couple of years . As the thirst for instant news has grown ever more insatiable , the "  live blog " a time-stamped , regularly-updated , predominantly text-based report of breaking stories has become a staple of internet news and sport coverage . CoverItLive , which McSpurren developed in 2007 , is the most commonly used live-blogging platform , and is regularly embedded on the websites of outlets as disparate as the BBC and Fox News ; the Weather Channel and WWE.com -- as well , it seemed , as in the CBC Hockey Night Live studios . More than 600 live-blogging "  events " take place on CoverItLive every day , attracting unique readerships that , according to McSpurren , can run as high as 14 million per event -- a record currently shared by coverage of President Obama 's Nobel Peace Prize speech , and a cricket Test match in India . Reports have claimed CoverItLive events attract 82 million visitors per month . The console can be managed by a single journalist and refreshes instantly with new content , which can include pictures , videos or Twitter feeds , as well as the reporter 's text commentary . Readers can interact through a comments box , vote in polls or enter trivia quizzes . The combined package of news and interactivity lends itself especially well to sport coverage , where it can mimic the experience of watching a match and discussing it with friends . But in recent years , live-blogging has also become the default approach to covering much harder breaking news stories : the uprisings of the Arab spring , the phone-hacking scandal in the UK and the Norway shootings , for example , were all covered in live blogs on almost all major news platforms . The duration of events can make live-blogs especially "  sticky " , encouraging readers to stay on a single page for longer than they ordinarily might . If a news story continues to develop throughout an entire day , the live-blog can become the one-stop shop for breaking developments alongside a digest of what has happened so far . It can later become an archive of how events unfolded in real time . "  The core figure to us is the number of readers times the duration they spend on the software , " McSpurren said , stressing the multiplication . "  Something like the Casey Anthony trial in the United States  which was live-blogged in its entirety  , was on from nine in the morning to four in the afternoon . It 's infinitely better from a business point of view than a really great event that 's only on for 35 minutes . " An average visitor to a CoverItLive event stays for 12 minutes , according to McSpurren . The live-blogging phenomenon actually pre-dates CoverItLive by several years , and probably has its roots among the team of sports obsessives of CricInfo , who first provided ball-by-ball coverage of cricket matches in the mid-1990s . Both the BBC and the website of the Guardian newspaper in the UK soon picked up the baton , and the Guardian in particular cultivated a unique tone and community among its sportswriters and readers , who pore over every minute of a football match or cricket games in over-by-over mini-reports . What not to blog But for all the recent proliferation of live blogs , some media analysts say that rolling coverage is not always appropriate , pointing to some notable lapses in editorial judgment . In 2008 , for example , the Rocky Mountain News was widely criticized when one of its reporters live blogged , via Twitter , the funeral of a local toddler , who had been killed in an accident . Updates from the stream included "  family members shovel earth into grave " and "  people are again sobbing " . This month the BBC website also attracted criticism for its somewhat oxymoronic coverage of "  Amy Winehouse death -- LIVE ! " Scott Murray , a former online sport editor at the Guardian , who has contributed live online commentary since 1998 , said : "  It kind of makes sense to do something like the phone-hacking scandal on a rolling blog , because on the first few days , something was happening every half an hour . But Amy Winehouse , it just does n't make any sense . That 's just a news story : someone has died . And that 's it . " By definition , live blogs demand frequent updates , and thus reporters are often encouraged to substitute instant snaps for more considered journalistic analysis , or even silence . "  It 's like 24-hour news on TV , " said Murray . "  You always have to have something to fill it . That 's when you 're going to get all this hot air and speculation . " McSpurren agrees that the true strength of live blogging relies on the skills of the reporter to offer relevant analysis , publish pictures and launch appropriate poll questions . "  Our business is n't magical , " he said . "  It really is dependent on the person running the event . If all you 're doing is regurgitating what they see on the TV screen anyway , there really is no point for them to be there . " The continued success of live-blogging seems certain , however . CoverItLive was acquired by Demand Media in February and several alternative , similar platforms have also recently launched . McSpurren said that the business is working with news organizations to improve CoverItLive 's compatibility and to offer better tools for journalists . Meanwhile consumers continue to make live-blogs the best read articles on most news sites . "  People like immediacy , " said Murray . "  And I guess it means more people are getting interested in news , politics , sport , whatever , because there are new ways to consume it all . "	Live blogging of events , from news to sports , has become widespread CoverItLive created by Keith McSpurren in 2007 is most popular console to use Live blogs are attractive as they are seen as ` sticky ' to readers Some question how appropriate blogging can be for some stories , such as Amy Winehouse 's death
Singer Phil Everly -- one half of the groundbreaking , smooth-sounding , record-setting duo , the Everly Brothers -- has died , a hospital spokeswoman said . He was 74 . Patricia Aidem , a spokeswoman at Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank , confirmed Everly 's death on Friday , but could not provide additional details , citing the family 's request . During the late 1950s and early 1960s , Phil Everly and his brother , Don  now 76  , ranked among the elite in the music world by virtue of their pitch-perfect harmonies and emotive lyrics . Rolling Stone labeled the Everly Brothers "  the most important vocal duo in rock , " having influenced the Beatles , the Beach Boys , Simon & Garfunkel and many other acts . Along the way , they notched 35 Top 100 songs -- more than any other vocal pair . The Everly Brothers ' sound -- with Don 's lower register generally complementing Phil 's higher voice -- was the backbone of dozens of hits . The two began as songwriters before signing a deal in 1957 with Cadence Records . They became international sensations over the next five years with tunes such as "  Bye Bye Love , " "  Wake Up Little Susie , " "  When Will I Be Loved " and "  All I Have to Do Is Dream . " In terms of record sales , their chief rivals during this stretch were Elvis Presley and Pat Boone . Their style -- a product of their blend of rock 'n' roll with Appalachian folk , bluegrass and other genres more closely aligned to their Kentucky roots -- helped them earn inductions in both the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Country Music Hall of Fame . "  The amount of music that can be directly traced to the Everly Brothers is incredible , " wrote one admirer on Twitter . "  Thanks , Phil ... and ` Bye Bye . ' " Phil and Don were born in the business , the offspring of country and western singers Margaret and Ike Everly . The Everlys sang with their parents in live shows and on the radio . In the mid - '50s , while still teenagers , they moved to Nashville to be songwriters . In 1957 , they found a Felice and Boudleaux Bryant song , "  Bye Bye Love . " According to "  The Rolling Stone Encyclopedia of Rock & Roll , " 30 acts had rejected the song , but the Everlys -- with the key guitar contributions of Chet Atkins , who played on many of their hits -- took the song to No. 2 on the pop charts . "  They added Bo Diddley riffs , teenage anxieties and sharkskin suits but -- for all that -- the core of their sound remained country brother harmony , " read their bio on the Country Music Hall of Fame 's website . After averaging a Top 10 hit every four months over the next few years , the Everly Brothers inked a 10-year pact with Warner Brothers Records  formerly part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner , though now owned by Access Industries  in 1960 . More success followed -- including "  Cathy 's Clown , " which the duo wrote -- and they stayed particularly popular in Britain . "  Bye Bye Love " was "  the first thing that really killed me , " Paul Simon once recalled . He called Art Garfunkel immediately upon hearing the song , according to a Simon biography , and the two set to work on their own act . The Everlys also served to bond the nascent Beatles . Upon hearing "  All I Have to Do Is Dream " in 1958 , the young group -- which had just added George Harrison to a lineup that included John Lennon and Paul McCartney -- could n't wait to cover it . "  When we first heard it , it blew us away , " McCartney said in Mark Lewisohn 's new Beatles biography , "  Tune In . " By the 1970s , the pair was performing in a band that also included legends Warren Zevon and Waddy Wachtel . But their time together came to a sudden end in 1973 , when Phil stormed off the stage during a show in California . The brothers reunited on stage and in the studio 10 years later , leading to more albums , including "  EB 84 "  including the McCartney-written "  On the Wings of a Nightingale "  and "  Born Yesterday . " Their remaining years were highlights by occasional shows , hall of fame inductions and various other honors , including a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997 . People we lost in 2013	Phil Everly dies at age 74 , a California hospital spokeswoman says He and his brother Don made up the renowned duo the Everly Brothers Their hits included "  Bye Bye Love " and "  Cathy 's Clown " They are inductees in the rock , country music halls of fame
CNN  -- "  Be not afraid " was the message of Pope John Paul II 's Inaugural Mass. . It 's a message American conservatives need to take to heart again in the era of Barack Obama . From TV and radio come warnings that the unwise policies of the Obama administration threaten or doom the United States . We are treading the road to serfdom , it 's said . Time is running out . The brilliant Peggy Noonan gave voice to these fears in a highly perceptive column a couple of weeks ago : "  I see two central reasons for the tea party 's rise . The first is the yardstick , and the second is the clock . First , the yardstick . Imagine that over at the 36-inch end you 've got pure liberal thinking -- more and larger government programs , a bigger government that costs more in the many ways that cost can be calculated . Over at the other end you 've got conservative thinking -- a government that is growing smaller and less demanding and is less expensive . You assume that when the two major parties are negotiating bills in Washington , they sort of lay down the yardstick and begin negotiations at the 18-inch line . Each party pulls in the direction it wants , and the dominant party moves the government a few inches in their direction . "  But if you look at the past half century or so you have to think : How come even when Republicans are in charge , even when they 're dominant , government has always gotten larger and more expensive ? It 's always grown ! " Noonan aptly describes the despair that many conservatives these days feel . The good news is this despair is wrong . The yardstick does not measure only one way , the ratchet does not always grip against us . In fact , the story of the past 50 years has been that the American economy has become freer and more dynamic . Think back to 1960 . The federal government regulated the price of every airfare . It regulated every rail , truck and shipping route . It regulated the price of natural gas . It regulated stockbrokers ' commissions . It regulated the interest rates that could be paid on checking accounts . It told most farmers how much they could grow of what commodity . It regulated what kind of political and religious comment could be expressed on the airwaves . And of course it conscripted millions of young men beginning their careers into the armed forces . All of that is gone , gone , gone . True , in other ways society is more regulated than it used to be . There was no Clean Water Act back then , no Americans with Disabilities Act . I think most Americans -- even most Tea Party members -- support the new environmental and antidiscrimination acts that have replaced the old regulation of transport , energy and financial pricing . But whether you support the new laws or oppose them , it 's just wrong to say we 're treading a one-way road to serfdom . Yet Noonan is exactly right in her assessment that this is what the Tea Party followers think : That we 're on a road of no return and that we 're running out of time to correct our ways . This is what Noonan calls "  the clock " : "  It 's getting late . If we do n't get the size and cost of government in line now , we wo n't be able to . We 're teetering on the brink of some vast , dark new world-states and cities on the brink of bankruptcy , the federal government too . " Anybody who has spent time with conservative-minded Americans can attest to the sense of foreboding and urgency reported by Noonan . It 's five minutes to midnight ; freedom is on the verge of permanent extinguishment . In these tough economic times , who will deny that there is much reason for foreboding ? Yet conservatives sell our own accomplishments and principles short when they represent them as so fragile . The fact is : our win-loss ratio is actually pretty good . Free-market ideas have rescued states in much worse trouble than post-Obama America : Mao 's China to name one outstanding example . I can see why an anticapitalist radical would want to insist that capitalism is fragile and ready to collapse . But why would an American conservative concede such a preposterous claim ? "  The facts of life , " as Margaret Thatcher so powerfully said , "  are conservative . " And as Ronald Reagan said , paraphrasing John Adams , "  Facts are stubborn things . " Those facts will reassert themselves . And so will the strength , dynamism , and creativity of the American economy . Yes , Americans have some urgent decisions to make . Yes , the bad decisions of the Obama administration will be hard and painful to correct . But they are correctable . No good decision was ever made in panic . So do n't panic . Do n't despair . Take a deep breath . Have confidence . Assess the challenge without complacency , but also without exaggeration . Think , organize and act . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Some conservatives lament U.S. has moved decisively toward socialism He says the reality is that the U.S. is much freer today than in 1960 Government control of the economy and of expression is much reduced , he says Frum says the "  strength , dynamism and creativity of the American economy " will prevail
CNN  -- An alleged terrorist leader suspected of plotting the bombing of a Philippine superferry more than four years ago , killing at least 116 people , has arrived in Manila after his arrest in Bahrain , a Philippine justice official said Saturday . Authorities suspect Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. was behind the 2004 superferry bombing . Authorities in Bahrain arrested Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. last month , said Ricardo Blancaflor , undersecretary at the Department of Justice . Lavilla was deported Saturday to Manila , where police arrested him and briefly paraded him in front of local media crews before locking him inside police headquarters , Blancaflor said . Lavilla is one of the top ideologues in the Rajah Solaiman Movement , a group of former Christians who converted to Islam and claim affiliation with the al Qaeda-linked regional terrorist groups Jemaah Islamiyah and Abu Sayyaf , Blancaflor said . Blancaflor said authorities suspect Lavilla helped plot the bombing of a superferry near Manila on February 27 , 2004 , in which at least 116 people died . They believe Lavilla also helped plan the bombing of a bus behind the Intercontinental Hotel in Manila on February 14 , 2005 , an attack that killed at least four people and came to be known as the Valentine 's Day Bombing . The bus bombing was part of a trio of attacks that happened that day . The two other blasts , both fatal , happened in the southern cities of General Santos and Davao . Blancaflor said he suspects Lavilla was also involved in the planning of several bomb attacks on the U.S. Embassy in Manila , all of which were thwarted by Philippine police . In describing Lavilla 's arrest in Bahrain , Blancaflor said only that police there arrested him as they were enforcing U.N. Security Council resolution 1276 , which imposed air travel and financial sanctions on the Taliban . Jemaah Islamiyah aims to create a Muslim "  superstate " across much of Southeast Asia . Authorities blame the group for the Bali , Indonesia nightclub bombings of 2002 , which killed more than 200 mostly Western tourists . The group is also suspected of subsequent attacks on the Australian Embassy and J.W. Marriott hotel , both in the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . The Abu Sayyaf group is one of several Islamic militant groups fighting the government in and around the southern Philippine island of Mindanao . CNN 's Rory Suchet contributed to this report .	Alleged terrorist leader accused of plotting superferry bombing held in Manila Ruben Pestano Lavilla Jr. , arrested in Bahrain , arrived in Philippines Saturday Lavilla allegedly belongs to group claiming affiliation to al Qaeda-linked network Authorities believe Lavilla plotted 2004 superferry bombing in which 116 died
EW  -- With summer coming to a close , Oscar season is officially in full swing . James Franco , fresh from his Comedy Central Roast , kicks off the first of the "  For Your Consideration " ads that appeal to awards-show voters . In a bid to secure a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination for his role as Alien in "  Spring Breakers , " the film 's distributor , A24 , launched a campaign called "  Consider This S *** , " The Hollywood Reporter first reported . James Franco 's Comedy Central roast : The 26 best lines In "  Spring Breakers , " directed by Harmony Korine , Franco plays a kind of Spring Break Jesus , in the form of a rapper/hustler/predator of college girls â $ " replete with chest-length cornrows , a grill and a psycho-Southern accent . Though not considered a leading contender for the category , a spokesperson for A24 films told The Hollywood Reporter , "  James Franco has created a character so indelible it deserves recognition . We are excited to be able to support it with a campaign and know the impact of Alien will last far past this awards season . " In the ad , Franco , dressed to the Florida-swag hilt as Alien , is book-ended by two out of four of his college-age , perma-bikini-clad protÃ © gÃ © s : Brit  Ashley Benson  and Candy  Vanessa Hudgens  . Franco is leaning against a white car and proudly double-fisting Oscar statuettes . Review : ` Spring Breakers ' Franco was last nominated for an Oscar at the 2011 show for his performance as mountain climber Aron Ralston in "  127 Hours . " Not a member of Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ? Not to worry . You can lend your support by memorizing his "  Look at my s *** " speech , or basking in the pink afterglow of the bizarrely entrancing cast cover of Britney Spears ' "  Everytime " in this fan video . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Spring Breakers " distributor A24 has launched an Oscar campaign for James Franco The actor played a rapper/hustler/predator named Alien in the film A24 's ad is vying for a best supporting actor nomination Franco was previously nominated for an Oscar with "  127 Hours "
CNN  -- The nation 's most energy-efficient National Christmas Tree does n't appear to be the nation 's most energy-resistant one . The 42-foot Colorado blue spruce snapped at its base during high winds Saturday morning in Washington . Sustained winds at 25 miles per hour and wind gusts up to 50 miles per hour swept through the area and snapped the tree 4 feet above the ground , the National Park Service said in a statement . By 5:30 p.m. , less than seven hours later , the tree was reduced to mulch by work crews . The tree was trimmed over the holidays with green-hued LED lights and snowflake ornaments in an area called The Ellipse directly between the south lawn of the White House and the Washington Monument . The first family lighted the tree , a tradition going back 87 years , on December 9 , 2010 , as blues legend B.B. King , Maroon 5 , and others performed at the ceremony . It stayed lit each evening until New Year 's Day . According to the National Park Service , decorations are provided by sponsoring organizations from every state and are placed in a protective plastic globe to protect them from bad weather . The Park Service has identified a successor tree and will announce this spring when it will be brought to the Ellipse , the statement said . The spruce had been in its current location for more than 32 years . It came from the Myers family farm outside York , Pennsylvania , the Park Service said . "  The tree had been planted and watered by the Myers ' grandchildren . When the tree was 6 years old it had been planted in the Myers ' front yard as a Mother 's Day gift for Mrs. Myers . After discussions with the NPS horticulturists , the Myers agreed to let the tree go to become the nation 's Christmas tree . "	High winds snapped the tree Saturday morning The 42-foot-tree was reduced to mulch by Saturday evening The Colorado blue spruce had been in its current location for more than 32 years
CNN  -- Manchester United ended a run of three consecutive defeats with a 2-0 win against Swansea City in the English Premier League on Saturday . Second-half goals from Antonio Valencia and Danny Welbeck eased the pressure on David Moyes following a league defeat to Tottenham Hotspur on New Year 's Day and losses to Swansea and Sunderland in England 's two domestic cup competitions . A goalless first half ended with the visitors in the ascendency having dominated possession while United , barring a shot from Welbeck which went close , failed to threaten Swansea 's goal . United , who were again without their two star strikers , Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie , looked like they could slip to a fourth consecutive defeat for the first time since 1961 . But the game turned in the home side 's favor 90 seconds after the break when Valencia swept home from close range after goalkeeper Gerhard Tremmel had parried Shinji Kagawa 's header into the path of the Ecuador international . United doubled their lead 12 minutes later as Welbeck neatly deflected Patrice Evra 's shot past a helpless Tremmel . The England international 's sixth goal in as many games settled home nerves and in the end the winning margin could have been greater especially if Kagawa and Chris Smalling had n't squandered good chances . "  We started the game well but we did n't do enough in the first half to get goals , " Moyes told Sky Sports after the match . "  We limited them to very few opportunities today . I ca n't hardly remember any at all and in the end we got the result we deserved , " Moyes added . "  We are hoping to give the supporters some more goals here , not just the two , but maybe we 'll keep those for later on in the season . " The win keeps United in seventh with 37 points , two points behind Liverpool who travel to Stoke City on Sunday and nine points behind of current leaders Chelsea who assumed top spot after beating Hull City 2-0 at the KC Stadium . Eden Hazard put the visitors ahead in the 56th minute firing low into the bottom right corner before Fernando Torres sealed victory three minutes from the end with a goal on his 200th Premier League appearance . Jose Mourinho 's side now have 46 points , one more than Arsenal who take on Aston Villa on Monday and two more than Manchester City who travel to Newcastle on Sunday . London rivals Tottenham Hotspur continued their resurgence under new coach Tim Sherwood with a comfortable 2-0 win over Crystal Palace . Second-half goals from Christian Eriksen and Jermain Defoe means Spurs have now won four out of five league games since Andre Villas Boas ' dismissal last month . The result lifts Sherwood 's team to fifth with 40 points while Palace are now bottom on goal difference following Sunderland 4-1 win against Craven Cottage . Everton are one point ahead and one place above the North Londoners after also securing a 2-0 win against Norwich City at Goodison Park . Southampton , meanwhile , notched up only their second win in 10 games with a 1-0 win over West Bromwich Albion at St Mary 's . Adam Lallana 's 66th-minute goal means Southampton have 30 points and stay in ninth while West Brom , whose new boss Pepe Mel watched on from the stands , remain in 14th with 21 points . After conceding 11 goals in their last two cup matches West Ham United recorded a vital league win against Cardiff City . Two drubbings -- 5-0 against Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup and 6-0 to Manchester City in the English League Cup -- had put manager Sam Allardyce 's future at the club in doubt , but the 2-0 win against Ole Gunnar Solskjaer 's side relieves the pressure for now and sees the Hammers move up to 17th while Cardiff slip to 18th . Read more : Does football take homophobia seriously ? Read more : Yaya Toure named African Footballer of the Year	Manchester United beat Swansea City 2-0 in English Premier League Win ends a run of three successive defeats in all competitions Chelsea move to top of the table after a 2-0 win against Hull City Manchester City play Newcastle on Sunday : Arsenal travel to Villa on Monday
CNN  -- A helicopter runs out of fuel midair after its pilot was evidently flying with one hand and texting with another . The chopper crashes , killing everyone on board . It sounds incredible , but it 's true . We live in a multitasking society . That 's a reality . Now some experts wonder whether that reality is clashing with the safe operation of our nation 's aircraft . Distraction in the cockpit was a key element of testimony delivered Tuesday on a deadly 2011 medivac helicopter crash . The pilot was violating Federal Aviation Administration rules and company policy by using his phone in flight . Yet in some cases , the use of other types of personal electronic devices in the cockpit is still allowed . Read details from the NTSB accident investigation  pdf But that may be changing . Experts and officials say a total ban on using personal electronic devices in the cockpit is needed . "  You ca n't multitask everything , " said John Goglia , a former member of the National Transportation Safety Board , which is the nation 's top aviation investigation agency . "  To think that you can text and fly , especially a helicopter , is ludicrous . Helicopters require concentration , even more so than many airplanes . " Medivac chopper pilots fall under the same rules for electronic communications devices as commercial airplanes . Goglia and other experts favor stricter FAA rules for all aircraft , including helicopter ambulances . Under a newly proposed FAA rule , commercial pilots would be banned at all times from using "  a wireless communications device or laptop computer for personal use while at their duty station on the flight deck while the aircraft is being operated . " Nonflight related conversations , including via electronic devices , are banned during take off and landing and during flight below 10,000 feet . Above 10,000 feet , commercial pilots can use tablets and laptops . Yet laptop distractions were blamed in an embarrassing 2009 incident where Northwest pilots overshot their destination by 150 miles . The FAA cited that blunder as a factor in its January proposal to toughen the current rules , which have n't been updated since 1981 . Laptops and tablet computers such as iPads have been around for years . The Northwest incident happened in 2009 , so why is the FAA only now getting around to stiffening the rules ? "  The FAA is behind the curve across the board , " said Goglia . "  The rule making process has become so cumbersome that even when there 's a strong desire to change the rules , it still takes forever . " When tougher rules might go into effect is uncertain , the FAA said . The agency says it is reviewing comments on their proposal . It 's a challenging time for the FAA to respond quickly to rapidly changing technology , said former Department of Transportation Inspector General Mary Schiavo . "  It 's kind of a learning phase ... a work in progress really . " She said the FAA has been hampered recently by less than ideal congressional leadership on aviation issues . The FAA points out that its longstanding policy has always prohibited "  during a critical phase of flight " any activity that would distract from the safe operation of an aircraft . Even if personal electronic devices are banned during flight , pilots often use text-based systems to communicate with controllers on the ground . The difference is in situational awareness . Using technology that folds into flight operations is directly connected to the job at hand . Making dinner plans is not . Pilots follow an approved FAA process . "  One pilot tells the other that he 's going heads down for a minute , " Goglia explained . "  That 's his signal that the other pilot has to pay more attention . " When it comes to single pilots flying alone , operating heads-down technology is supposed to be very limited , Goglia said , but it 's still a problem that the FAA needs to address .	Texting factored into deadly medivac helicopter crash FAA considering tougher rules on personal electronic devices in the cockpit Some personal use is permitted above 10,000 feet Critics say FAA takes too long to change policies
Paris  CNN  -- Turkey is fuming over French legislation that would criminalize any public denial of what the bill calls the Armenian genocide last century in Ottoman Turkey . "  We are reviewing our relations with France , " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said after the French National Assembly passed the so-called Armenian genocide bill . "  We will take our measures phase by phase depending on France 's behavior from now on . Erdogan said Turkey is recalling its Paris ambassador for consultations to Ankara , is canceling bilateral visits , and wo n't cooperate with France in joint projects within the European Union . "  We are stopping all kinds of political consultations with France . We are canceling bilateral military activities and joint exercises from now on . We are canceling the permission granted annually for all military overflights , landings and take-offs . We are starting permission process for every military flight individually . From today on , we are rejecting the permission requests of military ships to visit ports . We will not attend and held the bilateral Turkey-France joint economic and trade partnership committee meeting that was planned for January 2012 under the co-chairmanship of the economy ministers of the two countries , " Erdogan said . "  I am underlining this . This is the first phase . " The bill -- applauded by Armenians -- must now be voted on by the country 's senate . Erdogan said he hopes the French Senate will vote down the bill . "  New measures will come to the agenda depending on the progress of the bill in France and we will apply them with determination without any hesitation . " Armenian groups and many scholars argue that starting in 1915 , Turks committed genocide , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire . But modern-day Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place , arguing instead that hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Muslim Turks died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I . The genocide debate is an annual source of tension between Turkey and the United States , two NATO military allies . The White House annually beats back efforts in Congress to pass a resolution which would formally recognize the 1915 massacre of Armenians as genocide . "  The issue should be researched not by politicians , but by historians , " Turkish Parliament Speaker Cemil Cicek said . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told Turkish lawmakers Thursday that Turkey is a friend and ally of France and strives to maintain a dialogue . Armenia 's foreign minister , Edward Nalbandian , hailed the move , saying France "  reconfirmed its high place of being the cradle of human rights and once again proved its commitment to universal human values . " "  The French people showed that human rights are highest value , and today by adopting this bill , " he said , indicating that crimes against humanity have no statute of limitations and deserve condemnation . According to official Turkish statistics , the volume of trade between Turkey and France from January to the end of October this year was more than $ 13.5 billion . CNN 's Yesim Comert and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report	NEW : Erdogan says Turkey is reviewing ties with France Turkish PM Erdogan threatens sanctions if the bill becomes law The genocide issue regularly comes up in the U.S. Congress The French Senate must vote on the measure now
CNN  -- Ireland 's top Catholic cardinal is using the "  Nuremberg defense " in the face of public outrage at his role 35 years ago in investigating one of the country 's most notorious child-abusing priests , an activist said Tuesday . Cardinal Sean Brady has been under fire over the investigation into the Rev. Brendan Smyth . The latest scandal comes on the heels of a huge government-backed report that found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up child abuse by priests from 1975 to 2004 . Child sexual abuse was "  widespread " then , the report found . Brady 's office said Tuesday that the cardinal , then a priest and teacher with a doctorate in canon law , had been asked to investigate two complaints against Smyth in 1975 , but had no decision-making power . He reported his findings to Bishop Francis McKiernan , his office said , and McKiernan recommended Smyth get psychiatric help . But John Kelly , the founder of Irish Survivors of Child Abuse , said Brady should not have remained silent about what he learned in the course of investigating Smyth , who was later convicted of dozens of counts of child abuse in both Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic . He died in prison . "  He 's basically using the Nuremberg defense , he was carrying out orders , " Kelly said , in reference to the justification many Nazis used in their war crimes trials after World War II . There has been particular outrage over the revelation that two boys who filed complaints against Smyth were asked to sign confidentiality statements as part of Brady 's investigation . The oaths of secrecy were "  to avoid potential collusion " between the two boys as church officials investigated the case , Ireland 's Catholic Communications Office said Tuesday . Despite his criticism of Brady , Kelly said it would not necessarily do any good for the cardinal to resign . "  He 's lost all moral authority to lead , but by replacing him , it wo n't resolve the problem , " he said , arguing that the Vatican would "  just replace guys with other guys . " The best solution , he said , would be for the Roman Catholic Church to let secular authorities deal with accusations of abuse , rather than trying to handle them itself . "  They have to accept secular authority , and they can get on with the business of religion , " Kelly said . "  It would be in the church 's own interest . Resignations in themselves are n't the answer . " Four Irish bishops tendered their resignations in the wake of the government-backed report , and Pope Benedict XVI is expected to make a formal statement , or pastoral letter , on the Irish abuse issue by Easter . The pope himself has been under fire since it was revealed that a priest suspected of abusing children was allowed to move into his diocese when he was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger in Germany in 1980 . The Archdiocese of Munich and Freising said in a statement Monday it must have been clear at the time that the priest , whom multiple sources identified to CNN as Peter Hullermann , was coming to get therapy for allegedly molesting children . He was convicted of abuse in 1986 , after Ratzinger moved to Rome . Hullermann was suspended on Monday . Hundreds of allegations of sexual or physical abuse of children by Catholic clergy have come to light in Germany , Austria and the Netherlands this year . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin , Germany , contributed to this report .	Cardinal Sean Brady has been under fire over the investigation Brady investigated two complaints against Rev. Brendan Smyth Two boys who filed the complaints were asked to sign confidentiality statements
Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American being held in North Korea , says he is worried about his health after authorities moved him back into a labor camp following a stay in a hospital . "  I know if I continue for the next several months here , I will probably be sent back to the hospital again , " Bae says in a video of a conversation with a Swedish diplomat recorded Friday . Footage of the conversation in the labor camp was released by Choson Sinbo , a pro-North Korean newspaper based in Japan that has been given access to Bae in the past . Wearing a gray jacket with the prisoner number "  103 " marked on it , Bae tells the Swedish diplomat , Cecilia Anderberg , that he thinks his weight has already dropped as much as 10 pounds since he was transferred back to the camp a few weeks ago . Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , told CNN 's "  The Lead " that he looked worse than he did when he last appeared three weeks ago , in a hospital . "  I 'm glad that he 's holding strong , but I 'm really concerned about his health , " Chung said . "  And the fact that he 's been moved to the labor camp , we 're really discouraged by that . " The 45-year-old Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason , along North Korea 's northeastern coast . Pyongyang sentenced him last year to 15 years of hard labor , accusing him of planning to bring down the government through religious activities . He is widely reported to have been carrying out Christian missionary work in North Korea . U.S. civil rights leader Jesse Jackson has offered to go to North Korea to help get Bae released , a move the U.S. State Department says it supports . "  We 're just waiting and hoping for a positive response , " Chung said . "  Every day we hold out hope that there is going to be some good dialogue between the two countries that will lead to Kenneth 's release soon , " she added . In the video , he expresses hope that North Korea will allow a U.S. envoy to visit for talks about his case -- but those hopes appeared to have been dashed over the weekend . A State Department official said Sunday that North Korea had rescinded its invitation to the envoy , Ambassador Robert King , without giving a reason . Hours later , the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency reported that a former U.S. ambassador to South Korea , Donald Gregg , had arrived in Pyongyang . The brief KCNA report Monday did n't state the purpose of the visit by Gregg , the chairman of the Pacific Century Institute , a U.S. nonprofit group that aims to promote education , dialogue and research in the Pacific region . But U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Gregg was traveling with other former diplomats on a trip to "  build bridges , " and his visit was unrelated to Bae 's case . In a written statement earlier Monday , Chung said the family was "  saddened to hear " that King 's invitation had been rescinded . But she added , "  While we reel from this heartbreaking news , we are encouraged by the growing chorus of advocates asking for Kenneth to be released . " And Jackson told CNN that he has written to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to request a face-to-face meeting "  to make a humanitarian plea to him . " "  He is repentant and has been contrite , and we hope for forgiveness , " Jackson said of Bae . In Washington , Harf told reporters that the State Department "  certainly " supports Jackson 's effort . ' I have not lost hope ' Bae operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to family members , who have described him as a devout Christian . He was transferred to a hospital last year after his health deteriorated . But last week the United States said he had been moved back to a labor camp , a development his family described as "  devastating . " In the video , Bae asks the Swedish diplomat to tell his family that "  I have not lost hope and have not given up anything . " But says he is concerned that if his situation is n't resolved soon , it could "  drag on " for months longer . He notes that annual U.S.-South Korean military drills due to start later this month may deepen tensions in the region , as they did last year . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki on Sunday expressed disappointment that King 's visit was called off and noted North Korea had said it would n't use Bae as a "  political bargaining chip . " It is the second time North Korea has canceled a planned visit by King . Psaki said that the joint military exercises are "  in no way linked to Mr. Bae 's case . " North Korea has been urging the South not to take part in the drills -- a call that Seoul and Washington have rejected . Jackson said he hoped a visit would break "  that cycle of terror and fear and irritation " between the two countries . Life in the camp In the conversation Friday , Bae discusses details of his health problems , as well as the minutiae of life in the labor camp . He says he is suffering from back pain and neck pain , making the eight hours of manual labor he does each day "  very difficult . " "  I 've been working with my hands a lot , " Bae tells the diplomat . "  My hands all got numb and sore . I have some cuts . " But he says that he remains "  strong mentally and spiritually , and I am trying to stay strong emotionally as well . " Bae tells the diplomat that he has access to books and television at the camp and that the staff there treat him "  very fairly . " The TV antenna stopped working for a couple of weeks recently , he says , allowing him to spend "  more time with the Lord , with the Bible . " "  That was actually a pretty good time for me , " Bae says . Sweden represents U.S. interests in North Korea because the United States has no diplomatic presence in the secretive state . "  We again call on the  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  to grant Bae special amnesty and immediate release as a humanitarian gesture so he may reunite with his family and seek medical care , " Psaki said Sunday . "  We will continue to work actively to secure Mr. Bae 's release . "	Bae 's sister says family is "  really discouraged " by his move back to a labor camp "  I have not lost hope , " Kenneth Bae says in a conversation with a Swedish diplomat But he warns that the physical labor will probably put him back in the hospital North Korea has held Bae , a Korean-American , since November 2012
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters has regained the WTA Tour Championship title , seven years after last winning it , after a hard-fought three-set victory over Caroline Wozniacki in Doha , Qatar on Sunday . Belgian Clijsters , who was lifting the trophy for a third time following back-to-back wins in 2002 and 2003 , beat world number one Wozniacki 6-3 5-7 6-3 in a thrilling two hour and 20 minute clash . It marked a remarkable return for 27-year-old Clijsters , who was appearing in her first tournament since retaining her U.S. Open title seven weeks ago , following a foot operation . Is Wozniacki a worthy world number one ? "  It was a very tough battle , and I think it was a fine advert for women 's tennis , " Clijsters told reporters . "  I 'm glad I won but I do n't know how many more years I will play -- and I think Caroline has a great future ahead of her , " added Clijsters . Dane Wozniacki , who will end the year as number one following six WTA Tour titles this season , said : "  It was still a fantastic week for me . "  I would love to come back here , and I would love to try for this title once again . " Meanwhile , Sunday saw three ATP Tour finals take place around Europe with home favorite Gael Monfils claiming his third career title with a 6-2 5-7 6-1 win over Croatia 's Ivan Ljubicic in the final of the inaugural Montpellier tournament . World number 15 Monfils has been beaten in both of his two previous final appearances this year , in Stuttgart and Tokyo . Elsewhere , top seed and world number 12 Jurgen Melzer fought back from the brink of defeat to see off fellow-Austrian Andreas Haider-Maurer 6-7 7-6 6-4 to win the Austria Tennis Trophy in Vienna for the second year in a row . And there was a surprise in the final of the St Petersburg Open in Russia when unseeded Mikhail Kukushkin of Kazakhstan shocked top seed Mikhail Youzhny to win his maiden ATP title . The 22-year-old from Astana completed a 6-3 7-6 victory after two hours and 25 minutes of play .	Kim Clijsters regains the WTA Tour Championship title after beating Caroline Wozniacki The 27-year-old Belgian wins 6-3 5-7 6-3 to regain the title she last won in 2003 Despite the defeat , Dane Wozniacki will still complete the year as world No. 1
CNN  -- I want to translate the Web into every major language : every webpage , every video , and , yes , even Justin Bieber 's tweets . With its content split up into hundreds of languages -- and with over 50 % of it in English -- most of the Web is inaccessible to most people in the world . This problem is pressing , now more than ever , with millions of people from China , Russia , Latin America and other quickly developing regions entering the Web . In this TED talk , I introduce my new project , called Duolingo , which aims at breaking the language barrier , and thus making the Web truly "  world wide . " We have all seen how systems such as Google Translate are improving every day at translating the gist of things written in other languages . Unfortunately , they are not yet accurate enough for my purpose : Even when what they spit out is intelligible , it 's so badly written that I ca n't read more than a few lines before getting a headache . This is why you do n't see machine-translated articles on CNN . With Duolingo , our goal is to encourage people , like you and me , to translate the Web into their native languages . Now , with billions and billions of pages on the Web , this ca n't be done with just a few volunteers , nor can we afford to pay professional translators . When Severin Hacker and I started Duolingo , we realized we needed a way to entice millions of people to help translate the Web . However , coordinating millions of contributors to translate language presents two major hurdles . First , finding enough people who are bilingual enough to help with translation is difficult . Second , motivating them to do it for free makes this next to impossible . The idea behind Duolingo is to kill two birds with one stone by solving both of these problems simultaneously . We accomplish this by transforming language translation into something that anyone can do -- not just bilinguals -- and that millions of people want to do : learning a foreign language . It is estimated that over one billion people worldwide are learning a foreign language , with millions doing so using computer programs . With Duolingo , people learn a foreign language while simultaneously translating text . When you learn on Duolingo , the website gives you exercises tailored specifically to you that teach you every aspect of the new language . You may be asked to translate a sentence , to pronounce or listen to a phrase , or to describe what you see in an image . Some of the sentences you translate come from real websites . By having multiple students translate each sentence , and then choosing the best one , Duolingo produces translations that are as accurate as those from professional language translators . Because you create valuable translations as a side effect , learning on Duolingo is 100 % free : no ads , no hidden fees , no subscriptions . Duolingo entails a new business model that allows anyone online , regardless of socioeconomic status , to have access to education . For example , the leading language-learning software sells for over $ 500 , which is beyond the means of the majority of the world 's population . If language education is offered free of charge in exchange for students ' performing useful tasks , those who can not afford to pay with money pay with their time -- time that would have been spent learning anyway . This is how I want to translate the Web . Now go on and sign up for Duolingo . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Luis von Ahn .	Luis von Ahn founded the company behind CAPTCHA He used that technology to help digitize old books His new project provides a free way to learn languages and thereby translate the Web
CNN  Recently , Nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals . Believe it or not , Nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years . There has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in America in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal . Except , it happens all the time . Some have claimed this practice "  evokes a dark corner of American history " where the mentally ill or "  deficient " were forced to undergo sterilization . Yeah , that 's true . We did that . And it was bad . Except this is n't quite that . Female sterilization is linked to the controversial "  eugenics " movement , which advocated for the notion that the human race can be improved by selective breeding of people with superior genes . There is even a 1927 Supreme Court case , Buck v. Bell , in which the justices ruled that a state statute permitting compulsory sterilization of the unfit and "  imbeciles , " "  for the protection and health of the state , " was constitutional . The opinion in the case is stunning , especially because the Supreme Court has never technically overruled it . But Buck v. Bell dealt with involuntary sterilization of people because of their mental disabilities , not because they were being punished for a crime . You can hate sterilization , and the Tennessee case may have the creepy feel of the antiquated practice of eugenics , but it 's not that . Present-day sterilization plea deals involve a voluntary choice of sterilization by persons accused of a crime , and for whom sterilization will be part of their punishment . Others may argue that the Supreme Court has already spoken on the issue of compulsory sterilization as punishment , and struck it down . That 's true too , sort of . In Skinner v. Oklahoma , the Court struck down a law permitting compulsory sterilization of criminals as unconstitutional , but not because it was cruel and unusual . Instead , the law was struck down because the law was unequally applied for similar crimes . So the question remains : Is sterilization as a punishment unconstitutional ? The Eighth Amendment provides : "  Excessive bail shall not be required , nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted . " Practically , however , punishments are rarely deemed cruel and unusual by the judiciary . We have executed people with hangings and by firing squad . Sterilization has to be somewhere below that , right ? Ultimately , however , the constitutionality of sterilization may be a red herring in this analysis , because it appears that even if a punishment vciolates the Constitution , it is permissible , if you willingly choose it . Suppose arguendo  for argument 's sake  that sterilization is judicially labeled a cruel and unusual punishment , violating the Eighth Amendment . This is where it gets interesting : It still might be an appropriate and constitutional part of a plea deal . Shocked ? You should n't be . As citizens , we validly waive our constitutional rights all the time . You waive your Fourth Amendment protections against search and seizure when you answer "  yes " to an officer 's "  Mind if I look in your trunk ? " You waive your Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination when you try to explain to the detective in the interrogation room how that body got in your vehicle 's trunk . So then , if we can validly waive our other constitutional rights , can we waive our Eighth Amendment rights and choose a cruel and unusual punishment , even if it would otherwise be unconstitutional ? And are people outraged because this is a new step in punishment or a new frontier and a slippery slope in the world of plea deals ? Nope . Sterilization statutes have been around for a while as punishment for defendants all over the country , and defendants have willingly chosen the procedure . If sterilization plea deals are likely constitutional , and we 've been doing it for a while , then that begs the question : Why the outrage now ? Why the story that a Tennessee prosecutor was fired for a plea bargain that appears to be widely practiced ? There are really only two possibilities . First , some people just had no idea that this was going on until this story hit the news . Second , even if we knew about it , we did n't mind the practice until now because of one fundamental difference . Most of the sterilization defendants are men . Search your feelings , Luke . When we talk about castrating men who are recidivist sexual predators and child molesters , the idea of castration as punishment does n't sound so bad right ? Be honest : Let go of your "  we 're - all-equal-in-all-ways " banner for a moment . After all , not too long ago , execution was a legal punishment for nonhomicide sex crimes in some jurisdictions . So if we 're OK with the gas chamber , we 're probably OK with a snip . It 's OK . You can admit it ; we are all hardwired with a modicum of gender bias , whether we like it or not . Still not convinced ? Watch this parlor trick : What if I suggested sterilization for a person convicted of having sex with a minor ? So far you 're not ruling it out . And what if it 's a young female high school teacher having sex with her 17-year-old student ? Most of our gut feelings shifted from "  maybe " to "  no " just now . It 's OK to admit that , too . Of course , sterilization wo n't prevent a female sex offender from offending again , no more than sterilization will prevent a male offender from offending again . But the point is , somehow , the notion of sterilizing a male criminal somehow sits better with us than sterilizing a female criminal . Maybe it 's that on a primal , unconscious level , what feels cruel and unusual punishment for a woman just feels less so for a man . Even if you 're offended by this theory of why an old practice is now a "  shocking " news story , you must concede it fits . Why else has castration of men not been a blip on the radar , but offering a woman the option of sterilization is suddenly a travesty ? Of course , we have to consider the related justification . Overall , a lot more men commit acts that merit sterilization than do women . Just ask any domestic violence prosecutor . Are sterilization plea deals morally right ? It 's hard to say . For now , they appear to be constitutional , but controversial . If we know a mother is likely to kill or seriously hurt her current children or her unborn child , should the government step in ? If so , to what degree ? Fortunately , we can avoid a final decision and continue to attack the problem in a way that seems to be more acceptable for now : just keep neutering the men .	Nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals Danny Cevallos : Present-day sterilization plea deals are voluntary and unlike creepy antiquated practices
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan has authorized passenger airlines to resume flights of Boeing 787 Dreamliners in the country starting Friday , authorities said . The move follows the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration 's online posting Thursday of a directive outlining the modifications necessary for the Dreamliner to fly again after faulty battery systems grounded the aircraft earlier this year . The directive goes into effect upon publication Friday in the U.S. Federal Register . The Japanese transport ministry said All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines , the world 's two largest Dreamliner operators , have already begun installing modified lithium ion batteries on their 787 jets . But it remains unclear precisely when the two airlines will resume scheduled passenger flights of the Boeing planes . Nearly 50 Dreamliners around the world have been grounded for more than three months , after two incidents on jets operated by the Japanese airlines called the battery systems into question . Last week , the FAA cleared Boeing to make fixes to the problematic battery system . Boeing said it was deploying teams to help the airlines install the redesigned system . The Dreamliner 's use of lightweight composite materials to greatly improve fuel economy has made it a big seller in Asia and the Middle East , where long-haul flights account for much of an airline 's business . Dreamliners inching toward the runway	The Japanese decision follows a directive from U.S. aviation authorities Japanese airlines , the biggest Dreamliner operators , are installing new batteries It remains unclear exactly when they will resume flights of the Boeing planes
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel was silent Friday as a week of massive street protests engulfed the streets of Cairo and other Egyptian cities . Neither officials from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's office nor the Israeli foreign ministry offered any public comment on the growing political instability in Israel 's most important regional ally . After the first day of Cairo street protests on Tuesday , Israeli Knesset member Benjamin Ben Eliezer , known as the Israeli politician with the closest ties to Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , told Israeli Army Radio that he did not believe the demonstrations would bring down the regime for lack of a viable leadership in the opposition . "  There is no leading figure that can lead the wave of protests till the regime falls , " he said . "  This is not a regime of one person , but it is backed by the army , the intelligence agencies and the secret service . " . It was an assessment shared by more than a few Israeli analysts and government officials , but by Friday night , underscoring just how rapidly events were moving , Arab affairs analysts for the two major Israeli television networks were talking about the possibility of Mubarak being forced from power . While the relationship between Israel and Egypt is frequently described as a "  cold peace , " the two countries maintain significant intelligence and security ties . In addition to its role as facilitator in on-and-off-again talks between the Israelis and the Palestinians , Egypt shares a number of mutual interests with Israel , including curbing the influence of Iran in both Lebanon and Gaza . The two countries signed a historic peace agreement in 1979 , and during his 28 years in office , Mubarak has worked with eight Israeli prime ministers .	There 's been no official comment from the Israeli government about the Egyptian situation Earlier this week , a Knesset member said he did n't see Mubarak stepping down But Friday , analysts on Israeli television spoke about the possibility Egypt and Israel signed a peace accord in 1979
CNN  -- The holder of one of three winning tickets in last week 's record $ 656 million Mega Millions drawing came forward Friday to claim a share , Kansas Lottery officials announced . The winner -- a single ticket holder -- has chosen to remain anonymous , state lottery director Dennis Wilson said . "  The person looks forward to retirement , " Wilson said . Kansas was one of three states where three tickets matched the winning numbers -- 2 , 4 , 23 , 38 and 46 , with a Mega Ball of 23 -- amounting to an equal share of roughly $ 218.6 million , before taxes , under the annuity option . The Kansas winner , who bought the winning ticket at a Casey 's convenience store in Ottawa , chose the cash option to collect the winnings -- $ 157 million . "  They were still just in awe that they had won it , " Wilson said of the winner , who did n't know the ticket was a winner until Monday . The other winning tickets were purchased in Maryland and Illinois . The Kansas winner is the first to officially come forward , just a week after the winning numbers were picked . Meanwhile , Maryland lottery officials have been responding to a flurry of questions from the media this week after a Baltimore-area woman told the New York Post that she had one of the winning tickets . However , in a bizarre twist of the story , Mirlande Wilson , a 37-year-old single mother of seven who works at McDonald 's , told the Post on Friday that she is n't sure where she last had the ticket . "  I 'm still looking for it . I have n't even looked in my uniform pants yet , " the Post quoted Wilson as saying . "  I 'm still looking everywhere to find it , in my purse , everywhere . " The state 's lottery director said Thursday he has n't seen the ticket , but he also says no one else has come forward saying he has it . Carole Everett , a spokeswoman for the Maryland Lottery , said Tuesday she does n't "  put much stock in that story . " "  She claims she won , " Everett said . "  She ca n't produce a ticket . ... In our opinion , until they walk in that door , hold that ticket , produce valid identification and our security people can process and validate it , it does n't matter . " If Wilson is determined to be a winner , a showdown could be brewing with her McDonald 's co-workers . They are demanding a share because they say they pooled their money to buy several tickets . Wilson has said the ticket she bought was separate from that . CNN 's Tom Laabs and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : The Kansas winner chooses to remain anonymous Three winning tickets were purchased , in Kansas , Maryland and Illinois A Maryland woman claims to be a winner , but ca n't produce a ticket
CNN  Andrew Paul Tahmooressi , the Marine reservist who made international headlines during his seven-month imprisonment in Mexico , has been released from a Georgia jail , where he was held Wednesday night . Tahmooressi was arrested in Twin City , Georgia , on Wednesday for "  driving under the influence , reckless driving , improper passing and an open container violation , " according to a statement from Emanuel County Sheriff J. Tyson Stephens . A spokesman for the family confirmed Tahmooressi 's release , saying his client , "  is very appreciative of the professionalism of the involved Sheriff 's Department during the course of his custody . " Jonathan Franks said Tahmooressi "  continues to struggle with PTSD " and that this incident must be seen in that context . Tahmooressi made news around the world after his arrest on March 31 , 2014 , at a Tijuana , Mexico , checkpoint . Mexican customs agents found three firearms in his truck , including a .45 - caliber pistol , a pump shotgun and an AR-15 rifle . The country 's strict federal gun laws prohibit anyone from illegally bringing weapons into the country . Tahmooressi maintained that he took a wrong turn on the California side of the border into Tijuana and accidentally crossed the border . In November , after 214 days , he was freed . A Mexican court said it found no cause to prosecute Tahmooressi on charges of carrying two firearms used exclusively by the military , possessing cartridges used exclusively by the military and carrying a firearm without a license The court also recommended he be treated for post-traumatic stress disorder . Tahmooressi was held overnight in Twin City , about 180 miles southeast of Atlanta . He was released after posting a $ 4000 property bond .	Tahmooressi released from Georgia jail after his DUI , open container arrest Last year , he spent 7 months in a Mexico jail
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- Tuesday 's explosion at a soccer viewing center in northeastern Nigeria claimed the lives of several men and young boys watching the Brazil-Mexico World Cup match . There are conflicting reports of the number of people affected by the blast . An updated number is expected later on . A hospital source said Wednesday that 21 people were killed in the explosion and another 27 were injured . The source from Sani Abacha Specialist Hospital in Damaturu spoke on the condition of anonymity , because he was not authorized to speak to the media . "  All the victims are young men and boys . They sustained burns , ruptured tissues , shattered bones , " he said . A police official placed the death toll lower Wednesday , saying 10 people had died . The hospital spokesman said its count was based on the number of bodies delivered to the facility 's morgue . The incident occurred on the outskirts of Damaturu , in Yobe state , the sources said . The explosives had been concealed in an abandoned motorized rickshaw outside the center . "  Our men have deployed to the scene , but it 's too early for us to give details , said Yobe state police Commissioner Sanusi Ruf ` ai . Volatile northeastern Nigeria is the home of the Boko Haram group , the militant Islamists who abducted scores of schoolgirls in April . A Yobe police official in Damaturu told CNN the extremist group had distributed leaflets to the viewing centers in three different languages warning them not to open during the World Cup . Maina Ularamu , a local official in Madagali , in Adamawa state , also confirmed to CNN that people in the town -- which has been the target of previous Boko Haram attacks -- had been warned against watching the soccer matches . "  Letters have been distributed to viewing centers in Adamawa state warning people not to gather to watch the World Cup games , " she said . "  We suspect these letters to be from Boko Haram . People are very afraid and are not leaving their homes . " According to a police official , "  This is Boko Haram 's area of operations . " To try to combat the growing threat from the militants , the Nigerian government placed Yobe , Borno and Adamawa states under a state of emergency last year . CNN 's Nima Elbagir and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	NEW : Up to 21 reported killed in Yobe state ; blast blamed on explosives on rickshaw NEW : Militants warned viewing centers not to open during the World Cup , police official says NEW : "  This is Boko Haram 's area of operations , " official says People were watching the Brazil-Mexico World Cup match at the time
CNN  At this year 's Miss Universe pageant , a loss may have overshadowed the win . While Miss Colombia , 22-year-old student Paulina Vega , took home the crown in Miami on Sunday night , social media was more concerned with the fate of Miss Jamaica . When politics and beauty pageants collide There were boos when 22-year-old model Kaci Fennell was announced as the fourth runner-up . Viewers immediately weighed in with why they felt Miss Jamaica had been robbed of the title , citing everything from her race to her short haircut amongst the flowing manes of other contestants . First runner-up was Miss USA Nia Sanchez . Women from more than 80 countries competed in the event , which is owned by Donald Trump . TV journalists Thomas Roberts and Natalie Morales co-hosted .	Audience members booed when fourth place was announced Some had theories as to why Miss Jamaica did n't win Miss USA was first runner-up
CNN  -- A Ukrainian transport plane was shot down Monday by a rocket that Kiev 's government contends appeared to be coming from Russia . The plane was about four miles high over eastern Ukraine 's Luhansk region near the Russian border , where the Ukrainian military has been battling pro-Russian separatists , officials said . Crew members of the Antonov-26 made contact with the army , officials said , and the Ukrainian military is trying to bring them into territory it controls . The plane 's altitude was too high to be fired upon from the ground with a portable missile system , a statement from Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said . The plane was hit with "  a more powerful missile weapon that was probably used from the territory of the Russian Federation , " the statement said . A spokeswoman with the Russian President 's office said she could not confirm any missile had been fired from the Russian Federation . On Friday , pro-Russian separatists fired rockets at a Ukrainian military camp in the Luhansk region , killing 19 troops and injuring at least 55 others , according to Ukraine 's counterterrorism office . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Rocket downs a Ukrainian transport plane near Russian border , Kiev officials say A missile probably from Russian Federation hit plane , Ukraine President 's statement says Ukrainian military says it 's in contact with plane 's crew members
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- A fire broke out in the Egyptian Interior Ministry on Tuesday in downtown Cairo following a protest earlier in the day . Flames could be seen on the roof of the multistory building , and a dark plume of smoke loomed over the city . People could be seen fleeing the building as it burned . The blaze was extinguished in under an hour . The ministry was the site of a peaceful protest Tuesday morning and afternoon , with thousands of ministry employees -- many of them police officers -- making demands , mainly for higher wages . Protesters at the building denied setting the fire , saying it originated inside . During the protest , some of them could be seen climbing on guard posts and the building 's roof . "  I suspect that an electrical circuit malfunction may have caused the fire because it started at the top floors of the police communication building inside the ministry , " said Alla Mahmoud , Interior Ministry spokesman . "  The protesters did not enter . " He said uniforms and old furniture are stored on the top floors , which would explain the thick smoke . The cause of the fire was under investigation , he said , and findings will be announced Wednesday morning . Several firefighters suffered problems due to smoke inhalation , a Ministry of Interior spokesman said . Another man was rushed away from the building in an ambulance , but the cause of his injuries was not clear . Before the fire broke out , a procession of thousands of demonstrators made its way from the Interior Ministry through Cairo 's Tahrir Square -- ground zero for protests that toppled longtime Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last month -- and in the direction of the state television and radio offices . In a similar protest a few weeks ago , demonstrators set other buildings in the Interior Ministry complex ablaze , as well as cars . However , that fire did not grow to the size of Tuesday 's blaze . CNN 's Christine Theodorou and journalists Ian Lee and Mohamed Fahmy contributed to this report	Ministry spokesman : Electrical circuit malfunction may be to blame The fire has been extinguished Protesters deny setting the blaze The ministry was the scene of a protest earlier Tuesday
CNN  -- A fixture of the presidential race has been Mitt Romney 's 47 % problem : Those Americans who do n't pay federal income tax that Romney has described as freeloaders . Of course , Romney has retracted his remark . But if he still wants to attack those who freeload off of U.S. taxpayers , there is a better target : Our wealthy overseas allies . Forty-seven percent is also roughly the U.S. share of global military spending . Our annual $ 700 billion-plus military budget exceeds the next 10 biggest military budgets combined . Much of that money buys forces needed to defend allies against threats they could afford to meet themselves . Alliances that once served the U.S. national interest have become a subsidy to rich allies . In a recent foreign policy speech , Romney noted that only three of the 28 NATO allies meet their commitment to spend 2 % of their GDP on defense . He promises to fix that by asking our allies to honor their commitment to security spending . But the Europeans have grown adept at keeping a straight face while ignoring such lectures . If Romney wants them to do more , he should suggest giving them less -- a logic he appreciates in domestic contexts . The same would apply to the Japanese , South Koreans and various others we defend . Some allies , especially in Asia , might increase military spending . Others , noting less danger and bulging debts , may not . Washington is not the best judge of others ' needs . But with fewer commitments , we can maintain fewer forces and lower future military costs , which means more savings for U.S. taxpayers . As long as the United States bears the lion 's share of global defenses , our allies have little incentive to do more . As we saw in Libya in 2011 , the U.S. Air Force enabled NATO 's intervention by providing air refueling , intelligence and precision strike capability . Our combat-tested Army and Marine Corps are the envy of their counterparts around the world , many of whom they train . Our special operations forces track terrorists everywhere . Romney complains that our Navy has fewer ships than before World War I but fails to mention that it is far bigger than any other fleet and is the police force of the global seas . Romney has insisted that U.S. exceptionalism compels us to steady alliances , settle regional disputes and forcefully promote democracy everywhere . But he has reversed the idea of U.S. exceptionalism . Early American leaders thought that the nation 's virtue lay in liberal values and the example America sets . For them , U.S. exceptionalism had nothing to do with military adventurism . Permanent allies might drag us into others ' disputes , imperiling liberalism by centralizing power in the presidency and requiring a massive military establishment . Similar worries encouraged President Eisenhower 's push to keep our commitments to allies temporary . In 1953 , Western Europe and Japan were still recovering from World War II and South Korea , with our help , was still fighting the North and its Chinese allies . U.S. commitments to defend those nations came from fear that the Soviet Union would capitalize on their weakness , through conquest or internal intrigue , and gather enough strength to threaten us directly . Those allies long ago grew rich enough to defend themselves , and the Soviet Union has been history for decades . The European Union collectively has a population and economy larger than ours . But while Americans spend about $ 2,700 per capita annually on the military , NATO allies average around $ 500 . More than 20 years after the end of the Cold War , Europeans sit in cafes while over 80,000 American service personnel still help guard Europe against Russia , which now has a GDP around the size of Spain and Portugal combined . Sixty years after the end of Korean War , nearly 30,000 American forces still shield the South against a Northern neighbor with a 25th of its wealth and half its population . We have almost 50,000 troops in Japan almost 70 years after its surrender . Japan spends only about 1 % of its GDP on its military , provides no troops to help stabilize Afghanistan , but insists that U.S. Marines defend their every rocky island in a possible dispute with China . Romney still has time to change his mind on this issue . Rather than lecturing our allies about their responsibilities , we should kick them off the dole , rescinding commitments to their defense and removing troops from their shores . This is a problem that any president faces , including President Obama . But Romney may make the problem worse through his proposed increase in military spending . If that seems chintzy , remember that there is virtue in economy and that we have needier causes at home , starting with the deficit . That tack might also prove politically useful : polls show that Americans would prefer to do less for rich allies . And foreign freeloaders ca n't vote . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harvey Sapolsky and Benjamin Friedman .	Harvey Sapolsky , Benjamin Friedman : Our annual military budget is large Sapolsky , Friedman : Mitt Romney should suggest less military spending on our allies They say our allies are rich enough to defend themselves instead of relying on the U.S. Sapolsky , Friedman : Lower military costs will mean more savings for U.S. taxpayers
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's military announced Thursday that it has taken control of the government . Here 's what that means for travelers visiting one of Asia 's most popular tourist destinations . The biggest implication of the coup -- declared after rival factions were unable to come up with a suitable agreement to govern -- is the nationwide curfew , in effect from 10 p.m.-5 a.m. until further notice . However , the military said air passengers with arrival and departure flights scheduled during the curfew are permitted to travel to and from the airports at any time , and are advised to carry a printout of their flight itinerary . All airports in Thailand remain open and flights are still operating as scheduled . On the ground in Bangkok and beyond On the ground in Bangkok on Friday morning , streets are calm and most residents are carrying on with their lives as normal , though military checkpoints have been set up at various locations throughout the country . Since the coup announcement was made , protest groups on both sides have dismantled their camps in line with the army 's ban on gatherings of five people or more . The military announced a nationwide closure of schools until Sunday , though some international schools remained open . All foreigners , regardless of whether they are tourists or residents , are advised to carry their passports with them at all times . Tourist attractions , government offices , embassies , shops , restaurants and malls are still open , though some have adjusted their hours in line with the curfew . All Bangkok expressways currently remain open . The city 's BTS Skytrain , MRT subway , Suvarnabhumi Airport Rail Link , public ferries and trains continue to operate , though hours have been adjusted in line with the curfew . Taxis were reportedly available at both airports for passengers arriving after the curfew , though travelers posting on social media reported experiencing longer lines than usual . All popular tourist destinations outside of Bangkok , including Phuket , Chiang Mai and Krabi , are all operating as normal and there is a limited military presence on the streets , according to reports , though popular night spots closed early on Thursday night due to the curfew . Television and social media All state-run , satellite and cable TV providers have been ordered to carry only the signal of the army 's television channel . CNN is among those networks that have been taken off the air . In an announcement on their Facebook page , the military government announced that Thai citizens should not believe rumors that they will shut down the internet , social media or Youtube . Though there are reports the military is monitoring social media and will block any content perceived as a threat to national security , as of Friday morning all websites and apps were working normally . With TV stations now off the air , Twitter is one of the best ways to get real-time information on the situation in Bangkok . Richard Barrow , a full-time travel blogger based in Bangkok , is a top source for those seeking news about the protests as well as travel advice . He can be followed at Twitter.com / richardbarrow . Local English-language media on Twitter include the Bangkok Post : Twitter.com / BPbreakingnews ; The Nation : Twitter.com / nationnews ; and MCOT : Twitter.com / MCOT_Eng . Government warnings Tourists are advised to check with their governments before traveling to Thailand , as warnings vary and can impact the validity of their travel insurance . In a statement following the coup announcement , the United States Embassy in Bangkok issued an emergency message . "  U.S. citizens are advised to stay alert , exercise caution , and monitor media coverage , " it said . "  You are advised to avoid areas where there are protest events , large gatherings , or security operations and follow the instructions of Thai authorities . " In response to the coup , the Hong Kong government raised its Outbound Travel Alert for Thailand to red , indicating it feels residents face a significant threat by visiting . "  Residents intending to visit Thailand should adjust their travel plans and avoid non-essential travel , including leisure travel , " says the statement . "  Those already there should monitor the situation , exercise caution , attend to personal safety and avoid protests and large gatherings of people . " Tourist hotlines The Tourism Authority of Thailand issued a statement advising tourists seeking assistance to call the following hotlines . TAT Call Centre : 1672 Tourist Police Call Centre : 1155 BTS Hotline : +66  0  2617 6000 MRT Customer Relations Center : +66  0  2624 5200 SRT  train service  Call Center : 1690 Transport Co. , Ltd. ,  inter-provincial bus service  Call Center : 1490 AOT  Suvarnabhumi Airport  Call Centre : 1722 Suvarnabhumi Airport Operation Center : +66  0  2132 9950 or 2 Don Mueang Airport Call Center : +66  0  2535 3861 ,  0  2535 3863 Thai Airways International Call Center : +66  0  2356 1111 Bangkok Airways Call Center : 1771 Nok Air Call Center : 1318 Thai AirAsia Call Center : +66  0  2515 9999	On Thursday , Thailand 's military announced it had taken control of the government in a coup Military imposed an overnight curfew between 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. in Bangkok Air passengers with arrival and departure flights scheduled during the curfew are permitted to travel
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Dorko was injured Monday when a roadside bomb exploded near his vehicle in Baghdad , Pentagon sources said . U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Dorko has been evacuated to Germany , Pentagon sources said . Dorko is believed to be the highest-ranking U.S. military officer injured in the war . He suffered shrapnel wounds and has been evacuated to Germany , the sources said . Dorko took command of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Gulf Region Division in Baghdad on October 10 , according to the Corps of Engineers Web site . Also on Monday , the Iraqi army freed seven tribal sheikhs abducted Sunday in eastern Baghdad , Baghdad commander Gen. Abboud Qanbar told al-Iraqia state television . Qanbar said eight sheikhs had been abducted , but one was killed Sunday while resisting . Earlier , a Diyala tribal leader who is a member of the reconciliation committee in the province said that 11 sheikhs had been kidnapped , eight had been released and three more remained in captivity . The freed sheikhs were Shiite , from Anbakiya tribe , the tribal leader said . The tribal leader said the body of a Sunni sheikh , who was from the al-Azza tribe , was later found near where the kidnapping took place . He said the three remaining sheikhs were Sunni . An Interior Ministry official had originally told CNN that 10 tribal sheikhs -- seven Sunni and three Shiite -- had been kidnapped Iraqi Defense Ministry spokesman Mohammed al-Askari told CNN that four kidnappers were killed in the raid , which took place in Baghdad 's Rusafa district on the Tigris River . Earlier Monday , the U.S. military blamed the kidnappings on former Mehdi Army militia brigade commander Arkan Hasnawi . The military said Hasnawi "  has joined forces with Iranian-supported special groups that are rejecting -LSB- Mehdi Army leader -RSB- Muqtada al-Sadr 's direction to embrace fellow Iraqis . " Al-Sadr , an Iraqi Shiite cleric who controls the Mehdi Army , has called on the militia to obey a cease-fire following deadly firefights in August with rival Shiite militias . Iran has denied that Iranian agents are helping train and equip militants in Iraq . The sheiks were kidnapped while returning home to Baquba after meetings in Baghdad with Iraqi government officials , an Interior Minister official said . The meetings concerned the reconciliation process in the nation . Cycling suicide bomber kills 28 In Baquba on Monday , a suicide bomber riding a bicycle killed at least 28 Iraqi police at an Iraqi police base , the U.S. military said . The blast also wounded 17 police officers and three civilians , the military said . Iraqi police had reported 24 deaths earlier , describing them as police and police recruits . Local health officials put the death toll at 27 , with a woman and child among the wounded . Baquba , the capital of Diyala province , is 32 miles  51 kilometers  northeast of Baghdad . Akram Salman , 22 , a Sunni from Baquba 's central Tahrir area told The Associated Press that he was among about 60 recruits when the attack happened . Al Qaeda in Iraq "  has threatened us before and prevented us from joining the police , " Salman told the AP . "  They slaughtered many policemen , burned their houses , killed their families and blew up their headquarters . Now , when the people have defeated al Qaeda and cooperated with the government , al Qaeda staged this operation to show their presence and to give a message that they are still in control . " Col. David W. Sutherland , commander of U.S.-led coalition forces in Diyala province , said , "  This attack is typical of al Qaeda 's barbaric and hateful ways , targeting Iraqi security forces who have been working to secure Baquba and enable progress . " North of Baquba , Iraqi police on Monday killed a man attempting to enter a police station and detonate a suicide vest in Hibhib , the U.S. military said . After police killed the man , the vest detonated outside the station , but no one was wounded and no damage was reported , the military said . Also Monday , a deadly bombing struck about four miles west of Baiji , an Iraqi oil center about 90 miles  145 kilometers  north of Baghdad . The device , placed in a parked car , killed seven civilians and wounded another 15 people , local police said . In the capital Monday , a bomb in a parked car wounded at least five Iraqi civilians at a bus stop and taxi stand , an Interior Ministry official said . The attack took place in southwestern Baghdad 's predominantly Shiite al-Baya ' a district , the official said . Karbala province returns to Iraqi control In an apparent sign of progress among coalition forces to secure areas south of Baghdad , the U.S. Army handed over responsibility for security of Karbala province to the Iraqi military in a ceremony Monday . Recent clashes between Shiite factions had delayed the Karbala handover , but the area is now considered to be more peaceful than many other sections of the war-torn country . During the ceremony at a soccer stadium in the provincial capital , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and other dignitaries listened to speeches and watched a parade that ended with a cheerleading-style performance and mock paramilitary drill by Iraq soldiers . Watch al-Maliki and Iraqi forces at the ceremony " Al-Maliki challenged Iraqi commanders to work on bolstering security forces so they could assume responsibility in more provinces . "  We should all take responsibility for building military capability , " the prime minister said . He added , "  Allow me to say that we are late ; we are late in building our security forces , and that is for reasons I do not want to talk about here . " The U.S. military said it will maintain a presence in the province to support the Iraqi military . "  Step by step , Iraqis are assuming control for the security in their provinces , and Karbala today is leading the way , " said Maj. Gen. Rick Lynch , commander of the U.S. troops in the province . "  We are only a phone call away . " Karbala , a Shiite province south of Baghdad , will be the eighth of 18 Iraqi provinces to be handed over to the Iraqi government by coalition forces . The other provinces returned to Iraqi control are Najaf , Muthanna , Thiqar , Maysan , Duhuk , Irbil and Sulaimaniya . Iraqi security forces are set to assume security responsibility in mid-December for the southern province of Basra , al-Maliki said . Other developments CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Pentagon : Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Dorko injured by a roadside bomb Sources : Dorko suffered shrapnel wounds and has been evacuated to Germany Iraqi army frees seven of eight abducted sheikhs in raid , Iraqi official says Bicyclist bombs Baquba police base , killing 28 , wounding 20
A former mayor is a "  probable " suspect in the disappearance of 43 students who were kidnapped last month from Iguala , a small city in Guerrero state , Mexican authorities said . Mexican Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam said Wednesday his office has issued arrest warrants for former Iguala Mayor José Luis Abarca ; his wife , Maria de los Ángeles Pineda Villa ; and the city 's former public safety director , Felipe Flores Velásquez . Murillo said they are considered "  probable masterminds " of events that occurred in Iguala on September 26 . According to the attorney general , on that day , a group of students from a teachers college in the nearby town of Ayotzinapa were on their way to stage a protest in Iguala . When the former mayor and his wife learned the protest would disrupt an event led by the mayor 's wife , they gave orders to their public safety director to send police forces to prevent the students from protesting . "  The order to confront those people came from the police department 's command center , straight from A-5 , code name used to identify the Iguala mayor , " Murillo said . The attorney general also said his office learned this information from interrogations of police officers and gang members detained in the last month who were allegedly involved in the incident . Police officers blocked the highway leading into the city and shot at the students as they arrived in buses and a van . One student was killed . Footage from the scene shows a white van left in the middle of the road with its windows blown out and the doors wide open . The students , Murillo said , were subsequently taken away by police officers , who handed them over to a local criminal gang known as Guerreros Unidos  United Warriors  , which had infiltrated not only the police department but was also complicit with Mayor Abarca , his wife and the public safety director . All three disappeared the day after the clashes between police and the students . It has been almost a month since the incident and the students are still missing . Fifty-three people , including 36 officers and 17 suspected gang members , have been detained . No one was available for comment at the Iguala Police Department . The Mexican federal police and army have taken over the department and assumed all security responsibilities . Twenty-eight bodies were found in mass graves in the state of Guerrero , but DNA tests showed there were no missing students among those victims . Mexico was shocked this week by the revelations of a Roman Catholic priest and well-known activist who works with migrants and trafficking victims . The Rev. Alejandro Solalinde said the students were forced to walk to a remote location and then shot . "  Some who were wounded but still alive , with others who were already dead -- one , two , we do n't know how many -- were put on top of firewood and set on fire with diesel , " Solalinde said . He said he has given his information to prosecutors . The case has become a political crisis , with opposition lawmakers asking President Enrique Peña Nieto to dissolve the entire Guerrero state government and take charge . Peña Nieto has said his government will not spare any efforts until the students are found and justice is done . "  Violence , whatever its origin , goes against what we are as a country . Violence will never be a solution or pave the way towards a better future , " the President said . Mexican authorities are offering a reward of nearly $ 5 million for information leading to finding the students and solving the case . Online , international students are also demanding answers . A video posted on YouTube shows young people from different countries "  demanding justice for the 43 Mexican students who went missing on September 26 , " in multiple languages .	43 students intending to protest in Iguala vanished on September 26 Police say former mayor and his wife are responsible for the disappearance Activist priest says the students were shot , bodies burned
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Police on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius said Tuesday they were treating the death of a Gaelic football star 's wife during their honeymoon as murder . Michaela Harte , a 27-year-old teacher , was found dead in her luxury hotel room on Monday by her husband of two weeks , John McAreavey . A post-mortem revealed the former beauty queen had been strangled , according to police . Mauritius Police Force Superintendent Yoosoof Soopun said Tuesday that officers had identified six potential suspects . He said police believe robbery might have been a motive and were questioning hotel staff . Soopun said McAreavey was in the restaurant of the hotel when his wife was killed and is not a suspect . "  She had gone back to the room to get some biscuits to put in her tea , and when she failed to return , her husband went to look for her , " Soopun said . "  When he found her in the room , she had been killed . He tried to help her , but she was already dead . " Soopun said the killer used an electronic key card to enter the room . "  This is being viewed with much concern by the police and the government of Mauritius , " Soopun said . "  We are doing everything we can to find whoever was responsible . The inquiry is progressing , and we are confident it will reach a successful conclusion . " Monday night , John McAreavey -- the Catholic Bishop of Dromore and the football star 's uncle and namesake -- said the family did not know the full facts of the death . "  The biggest struggle today was to cope with what happened , " he said . "  There will come a time when people will want to get answers to questions . " Harte was the daughter of one of the best-known figures in Irish sports , Tyrone Gaelic football manager Mickey Harte . In a written statement , Harte said his family was "  devastated , " and he offered support to his son-in-law . "  What a day she had on her wedding day . She was just radiant , a beautiful girl , and I just love her to bits . So did her whole family , " Harte said . "  We will miss her so much , " he added . "  This is the worst nightmare that anyone can imagine . If you think things can be bad , then you go beyond that because that is where we are . "  This is too horrible to contemplate . We are just all devastated . It is the worst of the worst and our hearts are broken , " he said . Harte asked the media to refrain from contacting his son-in-law , who 's "  isolated out there " in Mauritius , he said . "  Our hearts go out to him , " Harte said . "  The lad is devastated . He is our son-in-law . He is a wonderful young man . Please lay off . " On Monday evening , Harte also issued a joint statement with Bishop McAreavey . "  We wish to confirm that we have received confirmation this afternoon that Michaela was killed today in Mauritius where the couple were on honeymoon , " the statement read . "  We ask for prayers for Michaela , John and their families and loved ones . "  Both families are deeply shocked and devastated by this tragic news and they ask for privacy and space at this time of profound grief . " Michaela Harte taught Irish at St Patrick 's Girls Academy in Dungannon , County Tyrone , in Northern Ireland . She won the Ulster Rose of Tralee contest and was a former Rose of Tralee contestant .	NEW : "  This is too horrible to contemplate . We are just all devastated , " her father says Police say robbery might have been a motive in Michaela Harte 's strangulation She was on her honeymoon with Gaelic football star John McAreavey in Mauritius Police say McAreavey is not a suspect
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Between 1969 and 1993 , all 11 justices confirmed to the Supreme Court were named by Republican presidents . Now the re-election of President Barack Obama promises to continue reshifting the balance of federal courts toward a more progressive stage , a legacy of judicial power that may be felt for decades . Obama has already named two justices to the top bench -- Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- and it is possible he might name two or more in his second term . "  With the president re-elected , I think it 's very likely that Ruth  Bader  Ginsburg , the justice who 's the oldest  at age 79  , will retire within the third year of a second term , leaving the president time to get another nominee in there , " said Thomas Goldstein , a top appellate attorney and SCOTUSblog.com publisher . "  Other than retirement , I think -- absent health problems -- the justices are not too anxious to leave . They all really like their jobs , it 's a good job , and they all seem to be in great shape . " Opinion : Where Obama , and America , go from here Federal judges serve for life , giving the president the political opportunity to shape a legacy that will long outlive his or her public service . Besides Ginsburg , three other justices are in their 70s : fellow liberal Stephen Breyer , who is 74 ; and Republican appointees Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy , both 76 . Many conservative court watchers predict Obama will not dramatically alter his criteria for selecting judges , an approach driven in large part by political reality . "  As the president himself said , he 'll have a lot more ` flexibility , ' so he could appoint someone who 's more of a hard left , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel of the Judicial Crisis Network , a conservative legal advocacy group . "  Frankly , he has already appointed a very solid , intelligent , articulate liberal in Elena Kagan . Justice Kagan , I think , in many ways is sort of a left Scalia . She 's by no means in the center . She votes lock-step with Justice Ginsburg . " While Democrats control the Senate -- the body that must confirm all nominees -- the Republican minority has been successful blocking two Obama appeals court picks deemed to be "  activist " and "  radical " by the right -- Californian Goodwin Liu and New Yorker Caitlin Halligan . For its part , the current conservative-majority high court has not been shy in adding some of the hottest political and social issues onto its docket . This year alone , the justices tackled immigration reform , affirmative action and the blockbuster health care reform law -- a late-June majority ruling giving the president a major victory . And the justices in coming days are set to decide whether to hear pending appeals on same-sex marriage and voting rights enforcement by the federal government . 15 Supreme Court cases that changed America "  The Supreme Court and its ideological divide is really placing the Constitution and the country in many ways at a crossroads , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel of the liberal Constitutional Accountability Center . "  Where President Obama could have a big impact on the court is if one of the more conservative justices , like swing vote Anthony Kennedy or Justice Anton Scalia -- if they retired , then President Obama could replace a conservative or a right-leaning moderate with a liberal justice and that would really shape the outcome of Supreme Court rulings for quite a while . " Some liberal groups have criticized the Obama White House for being less than aggressive in his first term naming proven progressives to the federal courts -- including district , and appeals vacancies . The number of judicial nominations by the current president has lagged by the dozens behind recent chief executives , and those nominees have on average been four years older than those named by President George W. Bush , according to Russell Wheeler , a Brookings Institution expert on judicial nominations . But publicly , liberals say they are encouraged the courts will receive greater political attention over the next four years . "  We look forward to working with the president on a robust justice agenda , " said Nan Aron , president of the Alliance for Justice . "  That agenda must include a renewed commitment to civil liberties and leaving a legacy of judicial appointments that support our values of fairness and equal justice under law . " White House sources have acknowledged privately that Obama put judicial picks on a lower political priority in his first term , for the most part choosing what they characterize as moderate , non-ideological , non-controversial -- and confirmable -- slates of judges . Those sources said the strategy reflected the president 's own personal views that judges should not bring sharp partisanship to their jobs , but also political reality : Obama did not want to be sidelined fighting culture wars over judges with Republicans , while trying to repair the ailing economy and push health care reform . Photos : Justice Roberts on the high court His supporters also blame Senate Republicans for opposing many of the president 's choices , even ones Democrats deemed well within the mainstream . Both sides of the aisle blame the other for abandoning an unofficial 2005 Senate agreement that allowed filibusters of judicial nominees only in extreme cases . Republicans for their part say they can not be criticized for the president being slow to bring judicial nominees to the Senate , and have said the rates of confirmation are consistent with previous administrations . White House officials have emphasized diversity of the bench over hard numbers . Obama has successfully placed 72 women in the federal courts , the most ever in a single presidential term . It matches the number Bush named in his eight years from 2001-09 . President Clinton named 111 female judges in his two terms . From 1993 to 2017 Democratic presidents will have served 16 of those 24 years , approaching in judicial impact what Presidents Nixon , Ford , Reagan , and George H.W Bush did in their terms . "  I think filling the lower court benches is going to be key , " said Severino . "  That 's something , much to my relief , actually ,  that  President Obama has n't focused on as much this past term . He did get his two Supreme Court nominations , which is huge , and has a great impact . But there 's also the long-term impact of filling the district court and the circuit-court spots , and that 's what is going to provide a deeper bench later on . "  So we 'll see if President Obama decides to switch his emphasis and fill more of those judicial vacancies or continues to embrace that as a lower priority . " Of more immediate concern to the rank-and-file federal courts : the pending $ 7 trillion "  fiscal cliff " of mandatory federal tax increases and spending cuts if a budget deal is not reached by early January . Economists fear another journey back to a recession if things are left unchanged . The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , in a letter obtained by CNN , warned a proposed 8.2 % across-the-board sequestration cut in judicial funding would be "  devastating , " potentially forcing employee downsizing , and reductions in court security , even fees paid to public defenders and citizens for jury service .	Federal judges serve for life , which means a president can shape a far-ranging legacy Obama named two Supreme Court justices in his first term Four of the current justices are in their 70s Obama has placed 72 women in the federal courts , most ever in a single presidential term
CNN  -- Customer support tool Zendesk announced in a blog post Friday that it had been hacked earlier this week . The hack affected users of three services that use Zendesk : Pinterest , Tumblr and Twitter . "  We believe that the hacker downloaded email addresses of users who contacted those three customers for support , as well as support email subject lines , " Zendesk said in the post . It did not name the three customers publicly , but subsequent e-mails from Pinterest , Tumblr and Twitter to their customers confirmed the breach . "  We recently learned that the vendor we use to answer support requests and other emails  Zendesk  experienced a security breach , " said Pinterest in an email . The pinboard-style photosharing social network site said it was only sending the e-mail to people who had used Zendesk and were possibly compromised . It urged users to take measures to keep their accounts secure by not sharing their passwords and using strong passwords . Tumblr told its customers to review any e-mail conversations they had with Zendesk to make sure there was no account information that could be used in phishing attacks . CNN 's Heather Kelly contributed to this report .	The sites were breached via their vendor , Zendesk The photosharing site Pinterest warned users about the breach via e-mail on Friday The company urged users to ensure their passwords are strong
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The U.S. government has confirmed the killing of al Qaeda operational commander Ilyas Kashmiri , the prime minister of Pakistan said Monday . "  The U.S. has confirmed that Ilyas Kashmiri was killed on Friday , " said Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani at a Monday press conference in Quetta , the capital of the country 's southwestern province of Balochistan . Gilani did not explain how he knew the United States had confirmed the death of the man described by counterterrorism officials as al Qaeda 's "  military brain . " A spokesman for Kashmiri 's jihadist group , Harakat-ul-Jihad-Islami , previously said Kashmiri was killed , along with some aides , in a strike late Friday night . Kashmiri 's death is the first major kill or capture since Osama Bin Laden , and the highest profile drone target since Beitullah Mehsud in 2009 . It could also be seen as an embarrassment for Pakistanis , who have twice in just over one month , had a major al Qaeda figure killed on their territory without their participation . U.S. drones now operate entirely autonomously in Pakistan , a Pakistani intelligence source has told CNN . Whereas before the United States cooperated with Pakistan and used their intelligence , today , the Americans have an intelligence network that allows them to go after terrorists unilaterally . Kashmiri , a veteran jihadist , was considered one of the most dangerous men in the world by counterterrorism officials on three continents . He was commander of "  Brigade 313 " of Harakat-ul-Jihad-Islami , which has formed a close relationship with al Qaeda . Kashmiri was also said to have ties with David Coleman Headley , the U.S. citizen who confessed to helping scout targets for the Mumbai attack in November 2008 .	Kashmiri was seen at the location of the strike Pakistan has not confirmed the death of Ilyas Kashmiri Kashmiri 's followers say he was killed in a drone strike in Pakistan He is considered one of the most dangerous men in the world
EW.com  -- Close your eyes and begin listing all of the various characters , dialogue , imagery , creatures , props , sets , and songs you can from "  The Wizard of Oz . " Chances are , it 'll take you about as long to finish as it took Dorothy and her companions to traipse their way to the Emerald City . That 's because the 1939 film is a part of our collective cultural memory , a work of American mythology so fundamental that it permeates our everyday lives . Do n't believe me ? Grab a box of Munchkins from Dunkin Donuts , visit the ruby slippers in the Smithsonian , or watch any one of these movies . So how do you go about making a movie that tells the story of what happened before Dorothy 's house flew over the rainbow and landed lickety-splat on the Wicked Witch of the East ? Basically , how do you make a prequel to everyone 's childhood ? "  Very carefully , " says Sam Raimi . The director of the "  Spider-Man " and "  Evil Dead " trilogies was at first extremely hesitant to take on "  Oz the Great and Powerful " -- the huge and expensive family film out March 8 that Disney hopes will hit the same sweet spot as 2010 ′ s "  Alice in Wonderland " -- for a very simple reason : "  The original is my favorite film of all time , " he says . " I did n't want it sullied . I did n't want to be involved in a production that might trade off the goodwill of that film , so I did n't even want to read the script at first . Luckily I did . And then I realized that it was n't at all what I thought . " Tom Cruise in ` Oblivion ' : Two new posters "  Oz the Great and Powerful " tells the story of the man who would be wizard . James Franco plays Oscar Diggs  a.k.a. "  Oz "  , a circus magician who travels via tornado to the land of Oz and meets its denizens , many of whom , like Michelle Williams ' Glinda the Good Witch , we 've already met . "  We tried to think of what made Glinda in the original film , but we did n't want to lean too heavy-handedly on that , " says Williams on developing her iconic , if slightly loopy , bubble-traveling character . Meanwhile , Rachel Weisz and Mila Kunis join in as the witches Evanora and Theodora , one of whom ends up as that infamous green crone with the bone-rattling cackle , the Wicked Witch of the West . Michael Ealy to play J.J. Abrams ' robot cop In this week 's issue , EW goes behind the scenes of Disney 's big prequel , talking to its stars and Raimi -- the brain , heart , and courage behind the whole operation -- about taking on such a beloved property , the various copyright snares they faced from the owners of the original film , and what it was like rebuilding and inhabiting the merry old land of Oz . All you have to do is click your heels three times and dive in . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Director Sam Raimi said he was hesitant to take on "  Oz the Great and Powerful " Raimi : "  The original is my favorite film of all time . I did n't want it sullied " "  Oz " tells the story of the man who would be wizard , played by James Franco
CNN  -- New York City parents who are raising questions about the city 's plan to expand its pilot program of dispensing contraception , including the morning-after pill , to high school students are doing what parents should do . They 're asking questions . If they seek information from credible sources , they will learn that when taken within five days of intercourse , the morning-after pill Plan B , which contains one of the hormones found in regular pills , is safe and effective . They also will learn that other forms of contraception have been available in many New York City public high schools for years . This new plan , open to all , is actually designed for girls who have been hardest to reach . These young women , from poor and working-poor families , are much more likely than others to get pregnant by accident . Then , one of two things happens : A girl gets an abortion , or she has a baby she can not support . Neither New York City 's school authorities , nor Mayor Michael Bloomberg , finds those options desirable ; both are quite rightly supporting the expansion . According to Joanna Kuebler of the National Assembly on School-Based Health Care , about 40 % of school-based health centers in the United States are allowed by their school districts to dispense contraception . Sixty percent of centers are prohibited from doing so . Requirements for parental consent vary . New York 's effort to reduce teen pregnancies appears to be among the largest and most comprehensive . What hangs some people up is the school administration 's decision , during the recent pilot phase of the project , to allow parents to opt their children out of it . Parents received letters in the mail describing the program and telling them that their child would be in the program unless a parent disallowed it in writing . Only 1 % to 2 % of parents denied permission . It 's a good bet many parents did n't read the letters , or if they did , thought their daughter was n't having sex , or were n't sure how they felt -- so they did n't do anything . New York schools ' Plan B program draws critics , supporters The school system took their silence as an endorsement and moved to expand the program . I think I probably would have done the same thing . But opponents said a fairer way of judging parents ' attitudes would have been to require them to opt their children in if they wanted them in the program . They argued that that would require a student and parent to talk to each other about the student 's sexual activity -- a good thing . Advocates for the city 's plan offered a credible response . They said that many students and parents would avoid such a discussion . Absent parental approval , students who were already sexually active , or about to be , would be in the same boat as before : unable to easily acquire contraception after either consensual or nonconsensual sex . We live in one of the richest , most well-educated countries in the world , yet we have the highest teen birth rate of comparable countries . That is simply not right . Yes , parents are children 's first teachers and moral guides , but they need assistance , which is what the New York City system is attempting to provide . No reliable scientific evidence shows that the availability of birth control encourages young people to start having sex earlier . And there is good evidence that the increased availability of birth control , as well as improved sex education , has lowered the teen pregnancy rate dramatically . According to data released this week by the National Center for Health Statistics , the teen birth rate in 2011 -- about one birth for every 32 girls -- is the lowest it has been since the 1940s , when the center began to track childbearing . A lower teen pregnancy rate means a lower abortion rate . Among the 7,000 girls ages 15 to17 who got pregnant last year in New York City , nine out of 10 pregnancies were unplanned , and almost two out of three resulted in abortions . For that reason alone , we should embrace New York 's efforts to make all forms of contraception accessible , as well as affordable and safe . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Laura Sessions Stepp .	N.Y.C. expands program to dispense birth control in high schools with morning-after pill Laura Stepp : The U.S. has the highest teen birth rate of comparable Western countries Stepp : No evidence contraception encourages teens to start having sex earlier Stepp : Birth control lowers teen pregnancy rate , which means fewer abortions
CNN  The attack is harrowing : Al-Shabaab militants raid a quarry in Kenya , separating non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and executing them . The brutal act comes just days after the Islamists ambushed a bus and sprayed bullets on those who failed to recite Quran verses . The attacks reminded the world once again how brazen the group can be . What does Al-Shabaab want ? Here 's an explainer . What is Al-Shabaab , and what does it want ? Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that the United States designated as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008 . It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . The group has been blamed for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers . It has a history of striking abroad , too . Before admitting to the Kenya quarry attack , Al-Shabaab was responsible for the July 2010 suicide bombings in Kampala , Uganda , that killed more than 70 people , including a U.S. citizen , who had gathered at different locations to watch the broadcast of the World Cup Final soccer match . How big is it ? The total size of Al-Shabaab is not clear . In 2011 , A U.S. official who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information said Al-Shabaab was estimated to control up to 1,000 fighters . A U.N. report identified one insurgent leader who is believed to command "  an estimated force of between 200 and 500 fighters , " most of them Kenyans . And Al-Shabaab has links to other organizations . In February 2012 , the group 's leader , Ahmed Abdi Godane , and al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a video announcing the alliance of the two organizations . How did Al-Shabaab start ? Decades of weak government amid grinding poverty have long made Somalia a target for radical Islamist groups . Al-Shabaab 's predecessor was al-Ittihad al-Islami  AIAI  , which worked to create an Islamist emirate in Somalia . It was , in part , funded by former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . AIAI , which the U.S. State Department designated as a terrorist group , strengthened after the fall in 1991 of Siad Barre 's military regime and amid the years of lawlessness that ensued . In 2003 , a rift erupted between IAIA 's old guard -- who were seeking to establish a new political front -- and its younger members , who were seeking to establish fundamental Islamic rule .  Al-Shabaab means "  the youth . " That strife led the younger members to ally with a group of Sharia courts -- the Islamic Courts Union  ICU  -- that were seeking to impose order over a landscape marked by feuding warlords in the capital city . Working together , the Islamic Courts Union and Al-Shabaab gainied control of Mogadishu in 2006 . That sparked fears in neighboring Ethiopia that violence would spill over there , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . Those fears -- combined with a request from Somalia 's transitional government -- led Ethiopian forces to enter Somalia in December 2006 and to remove the ICU from power . And that move inflamed Al-Shabaab , which attacked Ethiopian forces and gained control of parts of central and southern Somalia , according to a 2011 case study by Rob Wise , who was then with the Counterterrorism Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . What is Al-Shabaab 's relationship with neighboring countries ? In 2011 , after attacks on tourist destinations in northern Kenya blamed on Al-Shabaab , the Kenyan government ordered a cross-border incursion aimed at creating a security buffer zone in southern Somalia . Ethiopian troops have also crossed the border and expelled Al-Shabaab from Baidoa , a strategic town midway between the Ethiopian border and Mogadishu . The group then targeted African Union soldiers and government buildings in the capital in suicide attacks . A suicide bombing in March 2012 killed five people at the presidential palace . Analysts say tension appears to have been growing within Al-Shabaab between Somalis and foreign fighters , several hundred of whom are thought to have entered Somalia in recent years to join the group . How does Al-Shabaab recruit ? The group has a sophisticated public relations arm that includes a Twitter account and video production abilities . Al-Shabaab has even made a video is as slickly produced as a reality TV show , complete with a hip-hop jihad voice and a startling message : "  Mortar by mortar , shell by shell , only going to stop when I send them to hell , " an unidentified voice raps in English . But Al-Shabaab 's enemies -- and alliances -- can shift . Al-Amriki , whose real name is Omar Hammami , said in a video posted online last year that he had had a fallout with Al-Shabaab "  regarding matters of the Sharia and matters of strategy " and feared for his life . He was reportedly killed in Somalia by Al-Shabaab . CNN was not able to confirm the report . Finding replacements might not be difficult . Sheikh Ahmed Matan , a member of Britain 's Somali community , said he knows of hundreds of young Somali men living in the West who returned to Somalia for terrorist training . How is Al-Shabaab funded ? The once-ragtag al Qaeda affiliate has grown into an economic powerhouse , raising tens of millions of dollars in cash from schemes that have involved extortion , illegal taxation and other "  fees , " according to the 2011 United Nations report . The United States believed then that the group was coordinating with al Qaeda groups in Yemen and might have been plotting attacks in the region and abroad . In 2011 , it was generating "  between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year , from duties and fees levied at airports and seaports , taxes on goods and services , taxes in kind on domestic produce , ` jihad contributions , ' checkpoints and various forms of extortion justified in terms of religious obligation , " according to the report from the U.N. Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea . How have Somalis been affected ? In 2011 , the U.N. declared a famine in the southern Somalia regions of Bakool and Lower Shabelle , and Al-Shabaab reversed an earlier pledge to allow aid agencies to provide food in famine-stricken areas . That year , the U.N. Interagency Group for Child Mortality Estimation said Somalia had the highest mortality rate in the world for children ages 4 and younger . About 258,000 Somalis died in the famine between October 2010 and April 2012 , and half the victims were younger than age 5 , according to a report from the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network . What is the United States doing ? The United States has supported U.N.-backed African forces fighting Al-Shabaab and strengthened its counterterrorism efforts against the group . It has also donated millions of dollars in aid . What is the status of Somalia 's government today ? In September 2012 , Somali parliament members selected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the new president in a vote that marked a milestone for the nation , which had not had a stable central government since Barre 's overthrow 21 years earlier . But that did n't mean Al-Shabaab was calling it quits . In January 2013 , French forces attempted to rescue a French intelligence commando held hostage in Somalia by the group . The raid left the soldier dead , another soldier missing and 17 Islamist fighters dead . But there has been political progress in Somalia . In January 2013 , for the first time in more than two decades , the United States granted official recognition to the Somali government . CNN 's Tim Lister , Barbara Starr , Paula Newton , David McKenzie and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Al-Shabaab is an al-Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia It was once allied with Sharia courts , which tried to impose order on the lawless country The U.S. government designated Al-Shabaab as a foreign terrorist group in 2008 Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a Kenyan mall in September 2013
Washington  CNN  A Florida "  dream ticket , " two nuggets about leadership questions in Congress and coming tests for Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich filled our final March trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . 1 . Another "  Draft Warren " movement ? If you follow politics , you have heard this one : Liberals say Elizabeth Warren has to run for president because Hillary Clinton is too cozy with Wall Street . And now that Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid is planning to retire -- creating an opening in the top Senate Democratic job -- you are about to hear this : Warren has to run for leader because Chuck Schumer is too cozy with Wall Street . The senator from Massachusetts is likely to give the same answer as she did on a presidential run , but Jackie Kucinich of The Daily Beast says the liberal clamoring tells us something about anxiety on the left . "  What this does show is there is a lot of skepticism with the base with Chuck Schumer , because he 's so close to Wall Street , and it 's an issue they 've really been hammering on , " Kucinich said . "  So watch for more of that , because I have a feeling that they are going to make their voices heard , through Warren or not . " 2 . A good week for Boehner . Yes , you read that right . It has been a rocky year for House Speaker John Boehner , but his allies think they may have just turned a corner . The House of Representatives passed the Republican budget last week as well as a big Medicare change known as the "  doc fix " because it clarifies reimbursement rates to Medicare providers . NPR 's Juana Summers shared reporting on how Team Boehner hopes that ending the month with a little momentum will carry over when other big legislative battles come to the fore . "  Part of  his success  is because of the speaker 's willingness to use unconventional tactics , to work with Democrat Nancy Pelosi for that Medicare reform , " Summers said . "  Congress has a lot of big deadlines when they return . So whether or not he can hold onto that power instead of seeing it slip will be really fascinating . " 3 . Bush-Rubio ? Rubio-Bush ? Watch the real estate listings ! Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio both call Florida home . And both want to be the Republican nominee for president . They also happen to be on friendly terms . So among Florida Republicans who love them both -- there is talk of a "  dream ticket . " Of course , it wo n't happen . Ca n't happen . Rules and all that pertaining to the president and vice president coming from the same state .  Dick Cheney changed his residency from Texas to Wyoming right before joining the George W. Bush ticket . But Ed O'Keefe of The Washington Post said the obstacles are n't preventing Florida Republicans from doing a little dreaming . "  They say , look , Bush has all this executive experience , he 's bilingual , he has a Mexican-American wife , " O'Keefe said . "  Rubio is young . He has an interest in foreign policy . Why not ? " 4 . Ted Cruz wants to "  rock " the youth vote . Much was made of the fact that Liberty University students had no choice but to attend the campus convocation at which Ted Cruz announced his bid for the Republican presidential nomination . But it gave Cruz a big crowd -- and Robert Costa of The Washington Post reports that Team Cruz is determined to build a relationship with young conservatives such as those on hand for the announcement . "  He 's playing at a lot of happy hours with young conservatives in the coming weeks and months , " Costa said . "  And he really believes he can ignite those young conservatives , who are n't really familiar with Bush and are looking for someone new . " 5 . Is Kasich waiting for a "  summer wave " ? John Kasich had a well-regarded visit to New Hampshire last week . And he got a decent buzz out of a New York fund-raising stop , too . So is he ready to launch and join the crowded GOP 2016 presidential field ? Not so fast . Two New Hampshire Republicans keeping close tabs on GOP visitors say he would n't give a firm answer about his intentions -- something they took as a hesitation to run . A national GOP source plugged into to the Kasich operation says the governor has n't made a firm decision , and is talking about waiting until the summer to make a final call . That , too , is interpreted widely as a reluctance to run . This national source said Kasich is one of two GOP governors who want to wait and see if those in the current field stumble after their official spring rollouts and create an opening for a "  summer wave " of new entries . The other , according to this source , is GOP Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder .	Can liberals "  Draft Warren " to run for Democrats ' top Senate spot ? Ohio Gov. John Kasich may wait until the summer to make a final call about 2016 Sen. Ted Cruz 's strategy is to try to "  Rock the Vote " with young people
