EW.com  -- Neil Patrick Harris and the rest of the killer gang of presidential assassins will reunite for one night only to reprise their roles from the 2004 Tony Award-winning production of "  Assassins . " The December 3 performance will benefit Roundabout Theatre Company 's musical program . Stephen Sondheim 's characteristically dark , witty musical -- which first played Broadway from 1990-91 -- explores the personal lives and motivations of the people who have attempted  both successfully and unsuccessfully  to kill American presidents . Harris plays Lee Harvey Oswald in the play , while Michael Cerveris will revive his role as John Wilkes Booth  for which he won a Tony for best featured actor in a musical  , and Denis O'Hare will reprise his Tony-nominated role as Charles Guiteau , who murdered POTUS 20 James A. Garfield . Chris Harrison 's ` Bachelor Pad ' blog In addition to "  How I Met Your Mother " star Harris , several more cast members have made waves on TV since they starred in Roundabout 's Assassins revival , including "  True Blood 's " Denis O'Hare  a 2012 Emmy nominee for "  American Horror Story "  , "  Girls ' " Becky Ann Baker , and "  Sex and the City " â $ Ž favorite Mario Cantone . The benefit will take place at Studio 54 -- where the revival opened on Broadway in April 22 , 2004 . Tony winner Joe Mantello will return to direct . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Neil Patrick Harris will reprise his role in the Tony Award-winning production of "  Assassins " The whole gang of presidential assassins will reunite for the December 3 performance The show will take place at Studio 54 -- where the revival opened on Broadway in 2004
CNN  -- AC Milan have moved up to second place in the Italian Serie A table , just four points behind city rivals Inter , after Brazilian international Alexandre Pato scored a last-gasp winner to give them a 2-1 victory at Fiorentina . Pato fired home Ronaldinho 's cross in the final minute to ensure the Rossoneri moved above Roma in the title race . Fiorentina opened the scoring in the 14th minute when former AC Milan striker Alberto Gilardino tapped-home after Milan had not dealt properly with Stevan Jovetic 's pass . But substitute Klass-Jan Huntelaar levelled with 10 minutes remaining , after a superb one-two with Ronaldinho , before Pato won it for Milan at the death . Meanwhile , in the evening 's other Serie A match , Udinese fought back to claim a hard-fought 2-1 home win over Cagliari . Brazilian striker Jeda headed Cagliari into a third-minute lead but two goals in as many second-half minutes from Alexis Sanchez and top scorer Antonio Di Natale marked coach Pasquale Marino 's return to the club with a victory .	AC Milan move up to second in the Serie A table after beating Fiorentina 2-1 Brazlian Alexandre Pato fires home the winning goal in the final minute Udinese also fight back from going an early goal behind to defeat Cagliari 2-1
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A Ukrainian general has been arrested in connection with the murder of a journalist nearly nine years ago , the country 's president said Wednesday . Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko has labeled Georhiy Gongadze 's killing the country 's most important case . Gen. Alexei Pukach was detained Tuesday in connection with the killing of Georhiy Gongadze , who was abducted in September 2000 and later found decapitated . The Gongadze killing is the country 's most important criminal case , President Viktor Yushchenko said in a statement on his Web site . "  To me , it 's a question of honor to resolve the murder of Georhiy Gongadze . It 's a question of whether or not good or evil prevails , " Yushchenko said . Organizations ranging from the European Union to the Committee to Protect Journalists have demanded that Ukraine bring the journalist 's killers to justice . Pukach had been on the run for years before he was seized Tuesday in a joint operation by the Security Service and the prosecutor general 's office , Yushchenko said . He has already been interrogated once and is cooperating with the investigation , the president added . The Committee to Protect Journalists welcomed the arrest , it said in a statement to CNN . "  As the suspected organizer of the killing , Pukach could point the investigation to those who ordered the crime nine years ago , " said Nina Ognianova , the organization 's Europe and Central Asia Program Coordinator . "  Only with the masterminds behind bars would Ukrainian authorities be able to reverse the impunity in Gongadze 's assassination , " her statement said . Three former police officers were convicted last year of killing Gongadze and given jail sentences of 12 to 13 years , the Committee to Protect Journalists said at the time . There has long been suspicion that top Ukrainian government officials were involved in the murder . "  Gongadze , the pioneer editor of critical Internet newspaper Ukrayinska Pravda  Ukrainian Truth  , had long angered authorities with his highly critical reports detailing corruption in  former President Leonid  Kuchma 's administration , " CPJ said last year , when the three men were sentenced . Kuchma has long denied involvement in the killing . Pukach was a high-ranking interior ministry official at the time Gongadze disappeared . His former boss , Interior Minister Yuri Kravchenko , was found dead at his country house in March 2005 , days before he was to be questioned by prosecutors over the killing of the journalist . The Ukrainian security service , the SBU , suggested Kravchenko killed himself , and the dead man 's successor quoted a suicide note , according to Russian media . "  Please forgive me , I 've become a victim of political intrigues of President Kuchma and his people . I 'm leaving you without a twinge of conscience . Farewell , " then-Interior Minister Yuli Luzenko quoted the note as saying . But Myroslava Gongadze , the slain journalist 's widow , noted Kravchenko had two bullets in his head . "  I think it has to be investigated , " she said of the death . "  He was the main player of my husband 's murder ... he was the person who -LSB- took -RSB- the order and who gave the order , " she told CNN at the time of Kravchenko 's death . Kuchma had been implicated in the murder by critics who cited secretly recorded audio tapes in which the president allegedly ordered his staff to get rid of the journalist . Kuchma vehemently denied those charges .	Ukrainian general arrested in connection with murder of journalist Georhiy Gongadze abducted in September 2000 and later found decapitated Gen. Alexei Pukach , who has been on the run for years , was captured Tuesday
CNN  -- The United States has been rudely reminded that Russia is a major power with different values , ambitions and goals than America 's . Putin 's brazen move to assert Russian interests , in Crimea in particular and Ukraine in general , seems to have come as a shock to many leaders in the Obama administration and to most of the American news media . President Barack Obama had after all ridiculed Sen. John McCain in 2008 and Gov. Mitt Romney in 2012 for suggesting that Russian policy could become a major problem . Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton dramatically pushed a reset button to demonstrate the Obama team 's commitment to working with Russia . President Obama , not realizing he was on an open microphone , promised then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that once he was past the election he could be more flexible in accommodating Russian concerns . All this naive fantasy of a "  good Russia " has been shattered in the last week . The earlier overly positive statements have been replaced with a tendency to demonize President Vladimir Putin . For example , Clinton has moved from her reset button to comparing Putin to Adolf Hitler  a comparison she ca n't possibly have meant but which is a perfect case study in the hysteria to which symbolic liberalism is prone  . Strong words mask a position of weakness . As former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger has observed , calling Putin names is not a substitute for a strategy . The United States has virtually no tactical cards it can play in the Crimea . We are not going to confront the Russians militarily . The local population of Crimea is at least 60 % Russian-speakers . Association with Russia might win a popular referendum  thus putting the democracies in a real dilemma  . On the other hand , Putin may reconsider the idea of independence for Crimea because the pro-Russian voters are needed to win in Ukraine overall . If the heavily pro-Russian Crimea were no longer in Ukraine , the pro-Western forces would be substantially stronger in Kiev . Whatever happens in the next few weeks in Crimea , the United States has a very limited tactical ability to affect it . The United States and our allies can do a fair amount to help the rest of Ukraine stay independent and we should commit to that project . However , in the long run there is a much greater threat that the United States has to confront . The very principles that led Putin to use force in Crimea could be applied to the Baltic states of Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia . There are a lot of ethnic Russians in all three countries  and especially in Estonia  . They are much closer to Russia than is Crimea -- it is 228 miles from Tallinn , the capital of Estonia , to St. Petersburg . The great difference is that the three Baltic states are members of NATO . Any Russian adventurism in this area could force the enormous choice of either directly confronting Russia in its own neighborhood or allowing NATO to collapse because we are unwilling to meet our treaty obligations . Convincing Putin that we take seriously his toughness and his determination , and we are prepared to meet it , could be a vital step toward avoiding a future disaster . There are some key steps we can take toward achieving that goal : -- First , move to increase the production of oil and gas , thus dramatically lowering the price of oil , thereby cutting into Putin 's ability to earn hard currency . -- Second , wean the Europeans off their dependence on Russian natural gas as one of their biggest suppliers , thus lowering Putin 's ability to exercise influence over the European community . -- Third , strengthen the ability of Ukraine to produce its own energy so it has both a healthier economy and no longer relies on Putin and Russia as its main source of energy . -- Fourth , strengthen American military capabilities to show that we recognize that Putin is more dangerous than we thought and that we are prepared to strengthen our ability to deal with any threat he might bring to bear , particularly on our NATO allies in the Baltic . The Congress should call on the President to immediately issue an executive order to approve the Keystone XL pipeline , which will reduce the price of oil worldwide by getting more oil to market faster . Each drop in the dollars that Putin can get weakens his ability to undertake foreign adventures . The President should also sign an executive order lifting the ban on selling natural gas to Europe . After all , since the executive order the President issued on Thursday indicates this is "  a national emergency , " then there are serious things we can do in a national emergency . This President has already proven a willingness to use executive orders widely . This would be one that would weaken and undermine Putin , while also beginning to liberate the Europeans from dependence on Russia . Obama should also immediately open closed offshore and federal land to drill for natural gas and oil . The more oil and gas the United States produces , the further we can drive down costs , leaving the Russians weaker and with fewer resources . There are 24 liquid natural gas projects tied up in the federal bureaucracy . A presidential executive order could liberate them and send the clear signal the United States is prepared to replace Russia as the natural gas supplier of last resort . This would clearly signal the Europeans that in the next few years they will have an alternative to being blackmailed by Putin . Remember , it was President Reagan 's strategy to drive down the price of oil to $ 11 a barrel that eventually bankrupted the Soviet Union and gave Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev no choice but to sign a series of agreements that recognized the decline of the Soviet Union . If Clinton was both sincere and serious in comparing Putin to Hitler when she related the action in the Crimea to the action that Hitler took in Czechoslovakia in 1938 , then she would be demanding that we dramatically strengthen rather than weaken American defense . The President should announce that he is directing the Joint Chiefs to significantly re-evaluate the budget in order to be more than adequately prepared for any possible contingency . This would send a signal in the real world that the Russians would understand . What we have so far is symbolic liberalism offering words , symbolic liberalism flying around the world from capital to capital having meetings , and symbolic liberalism targeting narrowly a handful of people in a way that will have no impact on Putin . What we could have is serious , robust action that would have a genuine and immediate impact and would weaken Russia 's ability to act aggressively toward its neighbors . This is the time to determine , are we serious about confronting Putin over the long run ? Or after a few symbolic games , is the administration going to accommodate the new reality that Putin is creating ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Gingrich : Crimea action reminds U.S. that Russia has different values , goals , ambitions He says much of the action taken by the U.S. so far has involved symbolism , meetings More effective strategy would involve vastly increasing energy production , he says Gingrich : Putin 's logic could threaten the independence of the Baltic states
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's water supply is in a "  precarious position " after several major water pipes burst , allowing 10 million liters of water to drain from Belfast reservoirs each day , the Northern Ireland Water interim chairman said Friday . The state-funded water company 's response to the "  unprecedented situation " was "  unacceptable , " Padraic White said . Tens of thousands of homes and businesses have lost their supply after frozen pipes burst in a rapid thaw that followed record low temperatures last week . Many customers have been without running water since Monday , but some say they have n't had supplies for 10 days . Pipes at the country 's top hospital , the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast , were among those that failed , White said . Water service might not be fully restored until the middle of next week , but even then hundreds of rural homes could still be without water , he said . The water company 's emergency call center was not prepared to handle "  a disaster of this magnitude , " but communication with customers will be improved , White said . He recommended a full investigation into the company 's problems . Northern Ireland Water has been heavily criticized for its response to the crisis , with some politicians calling for top officials to resign . Chairman White said company executives were not considering resignations , since their focus at the moment is restoring water service . The company said Friday that there had been an improvement in the situation in the past 24 hours and that the number of customers without water was down to around 5,000 . It added , however , that as many as 24,000 customers could experience intermittent disruption to supplies as repairs continue . Northern Ireland Water has blamed the problems on a rapid thaw , with a huge number of pipes bursting after a dramatic change in temperature -- from minus-16 to 10 degrees Celsius  3 to 50 degrees Fahrenheit  "  within a matter of hours . " Company officials have also complained about a lack of investment in the water infrastructure over the years . The Republic of Ireland has also experienced problems with its water supplies . The government said Thursday night that most parts of the country would see a resumption of service within two days , but restrictions in the capital , Dublin , were expected to remain in place until January 10 .	NEW : The water pipe to Belfast 's top hospital burst NEW : Northern Ireland Water 's response to the crisis is "  unacceptable , " chairman says Tens of thousands have been without water since Monday Parts of the water network may not be repaired until next week
The International Olympic Committee is set to hold urgent talks over the future of the Winter Olympics following the Sochi Games ' exorbitant cost . The 2014 event in Russia cost an estimated $ 50 billion and IOC members are concerned that candidates will be frightened off applying to host the Games . Earlier this month , Norway withdrew its candidature to host the 2022 Games , while Stockholm , Krakow and Lviv have also pulled out of the running . Gian-Franco Kasper , president of the International Ski Federation  FIS  and an influential member of the IOC , says the entire bidding process and cost of the Games needs to be addressed when the governing body meets in Monaco next month . "  We 'll have an extraordinary IOC session in December , " Kasper told CNN , referring to the IOC meeting on December 8 and 9 . "  We have to change a lot of things , the whole bidding process will be changed . "  The costs for organizers will change to a certain extent . The IOC will give them additional financial support . " Reflecting on Sochi 's cost , Kasper admitted the 2014 Games had created a perception that hosting a major event was prohibitively expensive . "  Russia did what we did in our ski resorts in 150 years in five years , that of course costs money . "  And then they did it in the Russian way , as big and as beautiful as possible . But more than 5 $ 0 billion was just too much , there 's no question . " There are currently just two cities vying to host the 2022 Games -- Beijing and Almaty , Kazakhstan . Earlier this month , Thomas Bach , president of the IOC , said there would be a proposal to "  change the philosophy of the bidding " for future editions of the Games . Bach said the IOC wants to address the issue of reducing the cost of the Games . "  We see with the 2022 bids that we are living in a time of world crisis , financial crisis and that there are of course -- and that is legitimate -- more questions being asked by the people about the financing of the Games . " The next Winter Games takes place in Pyeongchang , South Korea , in 2018 .	IOC to discuss budgets of future Winter Games Gian-Franco Kasper backs changes to current format Only two cities competing to host 2022 Olympics Pyeongchang to welcome world in 2018
CNN  -- Oktoberfest kicks off in Munich on September 22 . But Munich is across an ocean -- and ocean-crossing plane tickets are expensive , as are hotels and transportation and schnitzel . Fortunately , there are beer festivals across the United States running parallel to the fest 's official September 22-October 7 schedule . Look out for the smaller festivals if you want a more intimate experience , advises Derek Buono , publisher of Beer Magazine . If you 're after new flavors , keep an eye out for fests that stock rare brews . If you prefer a party , the biggest festivals emphasize atmosphere , scheduling bands and food vendors , in addition to breweries . Your biggest problems , suggests Buono , will be picking one beer festival , because there are so many . Here are five festivals to choose from so Oktoberfest need not go uncelebrated . They are big and small , stretching from the Northeast onward . They include tastings , trainings and at least one bratwurst eating contest , in Louisville , Kentucky . No doubt there 's a festival near you , so mark your calendars and raise your glasses . World Beer Festival  September 22 , St. Petersburg , Florida , $ 40 - $ 85 ; October 6 , Durham , North Carolina , $ 40 - $ 45 Founded 17 years ago , the World Beer Festival is a multi-city , multi-date affair , presented by All About Beer Magazine . Its flagship is still Durham , where festival organizers expect to have as many as 250 beers this year , up from 170 last year . But the St. Pete fest is new , and it 's the first time the event has been held outside the Carolinas . It 's a reflection of the "  massively growing craft beer market " in the Tampa Bay area , said All About Beer beer and brewery manager Leigh Hambleton . Photos : Oktoberfest 2012 With its slate of events and materials , including tastings and an online "  Beer 101 " guide , the festival and magazine are committed to "  spreading the word about craft beer , " Hambleton said . That means showing off the best beverages and helping people learn how to drink them . Louisville Craft Beer Week  September 21-29 , Louisville , Kentucky , tickets range by day and event ; prices range from free to $ 75 Louisville 's Craft Beer Week , backed by LouisvilleBeer.com , is n't a celebration of Oktoberfest exactly , but it 's full of celebratory Oktoberfest events , including eating contests and the release of a slate of fall beers . Casktoberfest , hosted by the St. Matthews location of the Bluegrass Brewing Co. , is the week 's kick-off and there are dozens more events that follow . The festival hopes to keep widening : This year , it 's partnering with the Louisville Eccentric Observer  LEO , for short  , the city 's alternative weekly , to publish an event guide . The expectation is "  people that did n't even know -LSB- it -RSB- existed will find out about it , " said John Wurth , the founder of LouisvilleBeer.com . Beer festivals around town used to draw 100 people . Now they draw thousands , said Wurth . BBC brewery used to reach out to crowds . Now it has to turn them away . Texas Craft Brewers Festival  October 6 , Austin , Texas , $ 20 - $ 77 The self-described "  largest annual celebration of Texas craft beer , " the Texas Craft Brewers Festival , which benefits Austin Sunshine Camps that serve at-risk kids , has been around since 2003 . Held in historic Fiesta Gardens in East Austin , the festival will feature nearly 30 Texas breweries -- from No Label to Thirsty Planet -- and more than 100 beers . Beer and chocolate and beer and cheese pairing sessions are scheduled . New Orleans on Tap  September 29 , New Orleans , Louisiana , $ 1 - $ 100 Last year , New Orleans on Tap exploded . Supporting the Louisiana Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , New Orleans on Tap is a co-production with the Bulldog , a local bar . It was the Bulldog 's founder who first brought up the idea of doing a fundraiser-festival , said Marisa Collins , events coordinator for the Louisiana SPCA . When autumn leaves fall That was three years ago . Last year , 7,000 people attended New Orleans on Tap and it raised $ 100,000 . Organizers expect more this year , Collins said . It 's "  huge for such a young event to explode like that , " she said , "  but I think we hit the right chord with young New Orleanians that like drinking and that like being outside . " Schuylkill BrewFest  September 22 , Pottsville , Pennsylvania , $ 10 - $ 25 Pottsville is the home of the two-year-old Schuylkill BrewFest , and it 's also home to Yuengling , America 's oldest brewing company . One led to the other . "  Basically what we 're doing is celebrating the traditional brewing of German beer in the home of America 's oldest brewery , " said Keri Johnson , communications coordinator for the Schuylkill County Visitors ' Bureau and one of the festival organizers . It 's a small group behind the scenes , but support from both the community and Yuengling , which encouraged the festival to seek out microbreweries across Pennsylvania , has been strong . The second time around , the BrewFest has quadrupled the number of home brew applicants it has and expanded its programming slate as well : There will be beers to taste and beers to buy and , Johnson said , a band that specializes in Austrian music . One more to consider : If you ¹ re already thirsty for next year , put the Great American Beer Festival in Denver on your list . This year ¹ s October event is sold out , but Buono calls it "  the best 40 bucks you could spend on beer . " Put on by the Brewers Association , a national trade organization supporting craft beer , the festival has been going on since 1982 . It brings thousands of people from across the country and spans three days with more than 2,000 beers to taste . Where do you like to celebrate Oktoberfest or just grab a pint ? Please tell us in the comments below .	There are festivals around the country that overlap with Oktoberfest Seek out small festivals for rare flavors , beer experts say Several festivals are expanding this year , with more events and many more beers
CNN  -- Three brothers recuperated Thursday afternoon in a once-open field now speckled by the bright blue tarps of a cholera rehydration clinic in the Haitian town of Bercy , where an outbreak has sickened hundreds of people . A cousin brought the young boys to the clinic , set up by Samaritan 's Purse , said Roseann Dennery , a spokeswoman for the Christian charity . They plopped down on cots , drained by severe diarrhea and vomiting . What they did not know yet was that the night before , their father had frantically tried to find a motorcycle so he could bring in their mother for treatment . He could not find one in time . So while the boys were regaining their strength with the help of an intravenous drip , their father was making funeral arrangements for their mother . They had survived the earthquake , but this family was ripped apart by a disease that is now feared to be spreading rapidly . The death toll in Haiti 's cholera outbreak climbed Friday to 796 people , according to Haiti 's Ministry of Public Health and Population . Another 12,303 people have fallen sick with the intestinal infection . Epidemiologists predict the outbreak could last for months and say the entire nation of almost 10 million people is at risk because they have no immunity to cholera . The United Nations warned that Haiti is facing one of the most severe outbreaks of the disease in the past 100 years . It appealed to international donors for almost $ 164 million in response money . Of grave concern now are four confirmed cases that originated in the tent cities of Port-au-Prince , camps that sprang up to shelter those left homeless by the earthquake last January . Health officials fear that infection could spread quickly in congested , unsanitary conditions and in impoverished neighborhoods where clean drinking water is at a premium . Symptoms of cholera , an acute , diarrheal illness caused by infection of the intestine , can be mild or even nonexistent . But sometimes they can be severe -- profuse watery diarrhea , vomiting and leg cramps , which can cause rapid loss of body fluids and lead to dehydration and shock . If left untreated , a person can die within hours . Aid workers like those of the American Red Cross have been going tent to tent in Haiti 's makeshift camps , telling people of the importance of drinking clean water and outlining practices that can help avoid contamination . Spokeswoman Julie Sell said Red Cross workers also have been handing out bars of soap . "  Wash between your fingers , " they tell the camp residents . "  Do n't dry your hand with a dirty towel . " "  We find among many people there is very little understanding on how you prevent it , " Sell said . People are anxious , she said , as the death curve has crept steadily higher and the health minister has proclaimed the cholera crisis a matter of national security . "  Haiti has had more than its share of bad luck , " Sell said . "  This is another crisis that this country does not need . It 's heartbreaking . " Complicating matters is the fact that Haiti has not seen cholera in more than 50 years -- it 's yet another unfamiliar hardship for citizens and medical personnel . Also , the country 's public health system , already strained before the earthquake , was virtually wiped out after January 12 , according to the United Nations . "  Now you have the prospect of tens of thousands of cholera patients streaming into the system , " Sell said . "  That will be difficult . " Aid agencies already working on the island to help quake survivors have rushed to set up cholera treatment centers . Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  was erecting another 320-bed facility in the Sarthe neighborhood . Samaritan 's Purse planned to enlarge its clinic in Bercy -- about an hour 's drive north of the capital -- to 100 beds by Thursday night . Dennery said the group was anticipating a need in nearby Cabaret as well . In the meantime , the government has been telling people not to panic ; only to remain vigilant . And health workers have been spreading this word through cell phone texts , pamphlets and loudspeakers : Prevention is key . On Route 9 in Cite Soleil , Dennery 's team looked more like political candidates than medical personnel when they passed through in their white "  tap-tap " truck with large speakers mounted on top , she said . Crowds of people rushed to get a cholera flier , as though it were money . The important thing , Dennery said , is that the word is getting out on how to stay alive .	NEW : Haiti cholera death toll rises to 796 , more than 12,000 sickened Aid agencies are scrambling to get the word out on prevention They are setting up rehydration clinics The United Nations is asking for $ 164 million in response money
CNN  -- New Zealand scored a last-gasp equalizer to deny Slovakia a victorious World Cup debut in South Africa on Tuesday . The 1-1 draw left all four teams in Group F on one point after Paraguay held defending champions Italy to the same score on Monday night . A 50th-minute goal from striker Robert Vittek in Rustenburg had seemed set to settle a clash between two of the tournament 's smaller nations -- Slovakia has a population of around 5.4 million ; New Zealand has about 4.3 million people . But a stubborn New Zealand side , returning to soccer 's biggest stage for the first time since their debut in 1982 , hit back in the third minute of time added on to secure the nation 's first-ever point from their fourth World Cup finals game . Defender Winston Reid , who had been beaten in the air by Vittek for the opening goal , ghosted in behind the Slovakian defense to glance a header from Shane Smeltz 's cross into the net off the base of the post . Italy stutter to draw with Paraguay It was a bitter blow for the European side -- which gained independence from the former Czechoslovakia in 1993 -- after having dominated the second period . "  It is just a nightmare . We could have had three points , and at the end it felt like we have lost the match , " Smittek told AFP . His coach Vladimir Weiss added : "  During the match we were the better team , it is just a pity we did not take the opportunities we had . "  The mood in the dressing room is very sad but that is football . We have to cope with the sadness and I hope we will perform well in the next match . " "  We are very , very proud . You would have to say this is our best ever result . We have never picked up a point in a World Cup before . We have come and thrown some extremely good punches and got what I thought was a fully deserved result . " New Zealand coach Ricki Herbert went to the finals in Spain 28 years ago , where his team lost to Brazil , Scotland and Russia . "  We are very , very proud . You would have to say this is our best-ever result , " he told AFP . "  We have come and thrown some extremely good punches and got what I thought was a fully deserved result . " New Zealand had the better chances of the first half as Chris Killen failed to test Jan Mucha with an early close-range header and then fellow striker Smeltz fired a stinging shot that the goalkeeper turned into the sidenetting . The Kiwis , known as the "  All Whites , " mixed battling defense with some shaky moments at the back as goalkeeper Mark Paston was lucky to escape after a complete miskick and some ineffectual attempts to clear crosses . And it was the aerial route that provided Slovakia 's breakthrough five minutes after halftime as Vittek managed to evade Reid and head home a cross by Stanislav Sestak . Reid made a goal-saving challenge on Vittek in the 69th minute , and Slovakia 's failure to capitalize on their possession gave New Zealand the chance to mount a late assault . Smeltz , the top scorer in the Australian A-League , should have found the target with a header in the 88th minute but made amends when he curled a tantalizing cross towards Reid in injury-time . New Zealand next play Italy in Nelspruit on Sunday , when Slovakia face Paraguay at Ellis Park in Johannesburg .	Winston Reid heads injury-time equalizer to give New Zealand first point at any World Cup Kiwis draw 1-1 with Slovakia in Rustenburg to leave all four teams level in Group F Striker Robert Vittek had headed Slovakia into the lead five minutes after halftime Reid responded from a cross by Shane Smeltz in third minute of time added on
CNN  -- Rescuers are looking for two missing hikers after finding a third dead on the slopes of Oregon 's Mount Hood , but the search has been hindered by the threat of avalanches , a sheriff 's deputy said Sunday . The hikers began their climb at about 1 a.m. PT Friday . Authorities received a call that they were missing at about 10 p.m. Friday , said Deputy Scott Meyers of the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office . They planned a fairly easy , "  semi-technical " hike in which they would come down the south side of the mountain , Meyers said . Authorities followed what they believed to be the planned path , and on Saturday found the body of one of the hikers , identified as Luke T. Gullberg , 26 , of Des Moines , Washington . Search and rescue personnel were unable to locate the others -- Anthony Vietti , 24 , of Longview , Washington , and Katie Nolan , 29 , of Portland , Oregon . Coverage from CNN affiliate KPTV "  This is still called a rescue operation , at least for a couple days , " Meyers said Sunday , meaning authorities hold out hope of finding the hikers alive in the freezing conditions . "  We have reason to believe one of the two missing hikers has a bivvy sack , kind of like a lightweight sleeping bag . The female hiker is fairly well prepared for this climb -- she did have some stuff to warm up with . " "  We 're looking at the area where we found the body , " he said . "  We think they may have dug into that area and just ca n't get down . " But the threat of avalanches "  is too high to go forward with a full ground rescue operation , " Meyers said . Another deputy , Jim Strovink , said there is "  a high level of danger for avalanche potential on Mount Hood . " A U.S. Coast Guard C-130 aircraft was coming to help in the search , and an Oregon National Guard helicopter was flying around the area where the hikers might be , authorities said . When the avalanche danger lowers , three teams will head to the probable areas , Meyers said . "  It could be today , it could be tomorrow , " he said . Temperatures were in the 20s overnight , with winds higher up the mountain . The mountain rises 11,239 feet above sea level , with a vast base that stretches over 92 miles  148 kilometers  . It is the highest mountain in Oregon , a dormant volcano with steam constantly spewing from holes , according to the Web site mthood.info . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Three began hike on Oregon 's Mount Hood on Friday morning They were reported missing 21 hours later ; one found dead Saturday Authorities searching for the two others Threat of avalanches hindering search , authorities say
CNN  -- Scientists are studying what caused tsunami-like waves that observers spotted near the New Jersey coast earlier this month . "  The source is complex and still under review , " the National Weather Service 's West Coast/Alaska Tsunami Warning Center says on its website . In New Jersey 's Barnegat Inlet , a fisherman said he saw a massive , 6-foot-tall wave surging toward the coast on June 13 . Tsunami-like waves were observed at more than 30 tide gauges in areas along the East Coast , the center said . Meteorological factors and the slumping of the continental shelf east of New Jersey may have played a role , the center said .	Fisherman describes a 6-foot wave near the New Jersey coast Tidal gauges also detect tsunami-like waves Scientists are studying what caused the waves , the National Weather Service says
ATLANTA  CNN  -- To a degree some may find hard to swallow , science is proving the old adage "  you are what you eat . " Americans eat corn in the form of chips but also consume it in the ubiquitous high fructose corn syrup . Proteins and fats in your food are incorporated into your body and brain with potentially profound effects on your health and even your behavior . Todd Dawson , a plant biologist at the University of California-Berkeley , can test a strand of hair to determine how much corn is in your diet or mine by looking for a form of carbon found in corn . "  We are what we eat with respect to carbon , for sure . So if we eat a particular kind of food , and it has a particular kind of carbon in it , that 's recorded in us , in our tissues , in our hair , in our fingernails , in the muscles , " Dawson says . Dawson tested a strand of my hair : 69 percent of the carbon came from corn . This may seem high , but it is typical for Americans . "  We 're like corn chips walking because we really have a very , very large fraction of corn in our diets , and we actually ca n't help it because it 's an additive in so many of the foods we find on the market shelves , " Dawson says . Foods like ketchup , salad dressing , soda , cookies and chips all contain corn , usually high fructose corn syrup . "  I think where the danger comes in with corn is that much of the corn grown now in North America is going into making high fructose corn syrup , " Dawson says . "  So it 's not that corn per se is bad , but it 's the sweetener made from corn that gets into many of the foods that Americans are probably consuming too much of , and we now see that showing up as obesity and heart disease and potential for type 2 diabetes . " To be fair , researchers say we 're eating too much of all kinds of sugar , not just high fructose corn syrup . And the Corn Refiners Association points out that "  many parts of the world , including Mexico and Europe , have rising rates of obesity and diabetes , despite having little or no high fructose corn syrup in their foods and drinks . " Europeans eat a diet with far fewer processed foods and corn-based sweeteners . Dawson tested his own hair after three months in Italy : 5 percent corn . Americans also eat an extraordinary amount of soybean oil , another key ingredient in most processed foods . Checking labels during a recent trip to the grocery store I found soybean oil in everything from tortilla chips to fruit syrup . Dr. Joseph Hibbeln at the National Institutes of Health estimates that soybeans , usually in the form of oil , - account for an astonishing 10 percent of our total calories in the United States . In recent years , a form of soybean oil has been the primary source of trans fats , which raises levels of LDL , or bad cholesterol , in our bodies and is thought to contribute to heart disease . Our bodies need a balance of omega-6 fatty acids like soybean oil and omega-3 fatty acids like fish oil , Hibbeln says . Over the last century , our diets have shifted almost completely to omega-6 fatty acids . "  It 's quite likely that most of the diseases of modern civilization , major depression , heart disease and obesity are linked to the radical and dramatic shift in the composition of the fats in the food supply , " Hibbeln says . Our brains are composed of fatty acids , and an absence of omega-3 fatty acids can actually change our behavior , according to Hibbeln . Hibbeln 's research suggests diets containing omega-3 fatty acids found in fish reduce depression , aggression and anger , while improving mental well-being . Quite literally , food for thought . E-mail to a friend	Biologist : ` We 're like corn chips walking ' Soybeans account for 10 percent of calories in U.S. , NIH doctor says More omega-3 fatty acids in diet can improve mental health , he says
CNN  -- Passengers flying into the United States from abroad should expect additional security measures at U.S. and international airports after a passenger detonated a device aboard a flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands to Detroit , Michigan , the Transportation Security Administration said Saturday . Measures will include increased pat-downs and gate screening , as well as having to stow carry-ons and personal items , including pillows . "  We ask that passengers follow the instructions of international security and flight crews , " the TSA said . Security has also been ramped up at U.K. airports and at Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam , where the suspect , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , went through "  normal security procedures " before boarding the flight , according to security officials . Abdulmutallab , 23 , was charged in a federal criminal complaint Saturday with attempting to destroy the plane Friday on its final approach to Detroit Metropolitan Airport , and placing a destructive device on the aircraft , the Department of Justice said . At Schiphol , secondary screenings were boosted Saturday with body searches and bag checks , officials said . As part of the increased security , passengers on a flight Saturday from Brussels , Belgium , to Dulles Airport in Virginia were not allowed to leave their seats for the last hour of the flight , a traveler told CNN . Niki Yazzie said the flight crew told the passengers that they had to remain in their seats with their seatbelts fastened and could n't have any items , such as pillows or blankets , covering their laps ; everything was stowed away . Passenger Johnny McDonald , who was on a U.S. domestic flight , told CNN he saw officials X-ray milk parents had brought for infants and saw many people patted down . "  They X-rayed the milk I do n't know how many times , " McDonald said . "  And then they took the milk out and sampled each and every bottle of the milk . I 've never seen that before . " Secondary searches are also being introduced much more widely at airports around the world , CNN 's Richard Quest reported . An official with the TSA told CNN that along with increased security at airports , screening likely will take longer . No details were provided on all the steps being taken . The official advised travelers to allow for extra time before their flights . There will be no changes in screening requirements and no change in the number of carry-on bags allowed . A note was released earlier this week by the Office of Intelligence and Analysis that said FBI officials "  currently have no specific , credible intelligence indicating plans by al Qaeda or other terrorist groups to conduct attacks in the United States during the 2009 holiday season . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	NEW : Passengers report being confined to seats on aircraft , more patdowns before boarding "  We ask that passengers follow the instructions of international security and flight crews , " TSA says An official with the TSA told CNN that screening likely will take longer No changes in screening requirements , and no change in the number of carry-on bags allowed
CNN  -- Forensic experts exhumed the remains of former Chilean President Salvador Allende on Monday as part of an investigation into whether he killed himself or was assassinated during a 1973 military coup , the medical branch of the country 's Justice Ministry said . Official accounts ruled the leftist leader 's death a suicide , saying that he shot himself -- with a gun that was reportedly a gift from Fidel Castro -- as Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's troops closed in on the presidential palace . But some of Allende 's supporters have long doubted that account . A judge ordered the exhumation in April as part of a massive investigation of 726 reported human rights violations during Pinochet 's rule , CNN Chile reported . "  The people want to know . This is something that the country needs , " said Minister Mario Carroza , the judge in charge of the investigation into Allende 's death . Politicians stood solemnly beside the Allende family 's crypt at a Santiago cemetery Monday as investigators wearing white gloves carried his remains in a flag-draped casket , images from CNN Chile showed . At a nearby laboratory , an international team of experts in archaeology , anthropology , forensics , pathology and ballistics had already begun taking X-ray images of the remains Monday morning , Chile 's Legal Medical Service said in a statement . In the coming days , scientists will send bone specimens from the coffin and blood samples from Allende 's two daughters and a granddaughter to a laboratory in Innsbruk , Austria , for DNA testing , the statement said . The agency 's head said he was hesitant to establish a time frame for the investigation , noting that many steps remained in the analysis . "  It is necessary to open the casket , look at the preservation of the bone fragments , analyze if there is other related evidence , of clothing , et cetera . ... to obtain the information the judge has requested , " said Dr. Patricio Bustos , national director of the agency , which is part of Chile 's Justice Ministry . Whatever the investigation 's results , they will likely resonate across the South American country , said Peter Hakim , president emeritus of the Inter-American Dialogue , a nonpartisan policy institute in Washington . "  Allende is still a hero for many on the left in Chile . He was a historic figure because he was the first socialist leader ever elected in the hemisphere . ... This is a man who still commands a considerable degree of respect , " Hakim said . Allende 's daughter , Sen. Isabel Allende , told CNN Chile her family believed the official account of what caused her father 's death . "  The family has no doubt , we never have , " she said . A statement posted on her website Monday said the family was "  reaffirming what we have said all these years , our conviction is that President Allende made the decision to die ... in defense of the mandate that was given to him by the people . " Human rights attorney Eduardo Contreras told reporters that Monday 's exhumation was a key step . "  A process has started that could end in finally establishing that it was a suicide or that it involved a homicide , " he said . "  The important thing is to know the truth . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Bone and blood samples will be sent to an Austrian lab for DNA tests White-gloved investigators carry the former president 's flag-draped coffin Official accounts have ruled Allende 's death a suicide , but a new investigation is under way CNN Chile : "  The people want to know . This is something that the country needs , " a judge says
CNN  -- The Dutch Cup tie abandoned last week after a fan ran on to the pitch to attack AZ Alkmaar goalkeeper Esteban Alvarado will be replayed on January 19 behind closed doors , the Netherlands football federation  KNVB  said Wednesday . The match at Ajax 's Amsterdam Arena on December 22 was being led 1-0 by the home side when the incident occurred just before halftime . Costa Rican ` keeper Alvarado reacted by twice kicking out at the fan , who was then escorted from the pitch by police . Alvarado and his teammates were enraged when he was subsequently red-carded by the referee and there were ugly scenes on the pitch . AZ coach Gertjan Verbeek then led his players off , complaining about the lack of security at Ajax 's ground , and the match was abandoned . The KNVB has since overturned the red card for Alvarado and fined Ajax 10,000 euros  $ 12,934  . "  The Federation does not want to take any risk regarding the playing of this match while guaranteeing that the competition continues , " a KNVB statement on its website said to explain the decision to stage a replay of the match without any fans . Out with the old and in with the new in 2012 Ajax have until January 2 to appeal . In other football news Wednesday , Liverpool 's former Ajax striker Luis Suarez has been banned by the English Football Association  FA  for one match and fined 20,000 pounds  $ 31,300  for a gesture made towards Fulham fans in the 1-0 defeat at Craven Cottage earlier this month . Uruguay international Suarez had admitted the latest charge of improper conduct , and Liverpool have also been fined the same amount for failing to control their players in the same match -- a charge related to the dismissal of midfielder Jay Spearing . It is a further blow for Suarez , who has starred for Liverpool since his move from Dutch football last season . It comes a little over a week after he was given an eight-game suspension for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra during a match in October . That ban is currently on hold while Liverpool decide whether to appeal , but Suarez 's new suspension means he will miss Friday 's home game against Newcastle United in the English Premier League .	AZ Alkmaar - Ajax Dutch Cup tie to be replayed on January 19 behind closed doors Original game on December 22 abandoned when AZ goalkeeper attacked Esteban Alvarado was red-carded but this was subsequently revoked Liverpool 's Luis Suarez banned for one-game for gesture to Fulham fans
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors in Washington are seeking to extradite singer Chris Brown from custody in Los Angeles to stand trial for assault , according to court documents obtained by CNN . Brown , 24 , and body guard Christopher Hollosy are facing assault charges stemming from an incident outside the W hotel in October . A hearing has been set in Los Angeles for Tuesday to consider Chris Brown 's status and his extradition to Washington for trial . The trial in the nation 's capital is scheduled for April 17 . Brown is currently locked up in Los Angeles on a probation violation after he was kicked out of a court-ordered drug rehab program . D.C. prosecutors request that Brown be transferred to U.S. marshals by April 15 , according to court documents . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Prosecutors file paperwork to extradite singer from Los Angeles Chris Brown and body guard face assault charges stemming from a night club incident Brown is currently being held in Los Angeles on a probation violation
Smokers with high levels of a carcinogen byproduct  NNAL  are at higher risk of developing lung cancer . Smoking is a lot like Russian roulette : You never know who will end up developing lung cancer and who wo n't . But Dr. Jian-Min Yuan , as well as other researchers from the University of Minnesota , say they are one step closer to determining a smoker 's risk for developing the disease . In a study , they tracked the carcinogen and nicotine levels in nearly 500 smokers through a simple urine test and discovered a link between the level of a specific carcinogen and lung cancer . Their findings were presented at the American Association for Cancer Research conference . Why did researchers track only the levels of one carcinogen ? We all know that tobacco smoke is bad : It 's loaded with 60 different carcinogens , which cause all sorts of health risks . There is one carcinogen in particular that researchers suspected for years contributed to human lung cancer . But there were never any scientific human studies showing this relationship . This carcinogen is known as NNK . It releases into your body when you inhale smoke , quickly passes through the liver , gets metabolized and releases NNAL , a byproduct of NNK , into the bloodstream . University of Minnesota researchers were tracking the NNAL levels via urine samples . Watch Dr. Gupta explain the findings " How much did a person have to smoke to develop high levels of NNAL ? The exact amount is a little tricky to determine because a lot depends on how honest a person is about how many cigarettes he or she smoked per day . Additionally , the type of cigarette and how deeply a person inhales could affect the amount of carcinogens in the body . Researchers say a person with high levels of NNAL and high levels of nicotine  equivalent to smoking about a pack of cigarettes a day  is 8.5 times more likely to develop lung cancer compared with a smoker with lower levels . While the researchers point out that not everyone who has a high level of NNAL is going to develop lung cancer , it does help assign a number to a risk that was hard to quantify before . Is n't smoking bad for you regardless ? What is the benefit of having this type of information ? There is nothing healthy about smoking . Even if this test pegs you at low risk of developing lung cancer , it does n't mean you wo n't develop a dozen other cancers commonly cause by smoking . If you smoke , the No. 1 thing you should do is quit . But that is easier said than done . If it were easy , 23 percent of adults in the United States would not smoke regularly . One benefit of knowing whether a smoker is at increased risk for lung cancer is for his or her doctor to screen the person regularly for abnormalities , in the hopes of catching the cancer early . Lung cancer is but one consequence of smoking , so this type of testing is not going to fix everything . But as far as lung cancer goes , it may give people a better idea of when and how often to get screened . Reported by CNN 's Danielle Dellorto	First study to quantify link between carcinogen byproduct and lung cancer rates Researchers tracked levels of byproduct  NNAL  using urine samples Smokers with high levels of NNAL doubled their risk of developing lung cancer Test could identify high-risk people , aid in early detection and treatment Bottom Line : This test may one day be used to identify smokers at high risk for lung cancer , but wo n't help against smoking 's other health hazards .
CNN  -- The longstanding conflict between Israel and the Palestinian group Hamas reignited last week after Israel launched airstrikes against what it called terrorist targets in Gaza . Israel explained that the offensive , which it calls "  Operation Pillar of Defense , " was necessitated by increasing rocket attacks from the Hamas-controlled territory . Are you there ? Share photos , video but stay safe . Among those killed in the Israeli airstrikes Wednesday was Ahmed al-Ja ` abari , the chief of Hamas ' military wing . Weapons depots and rocket-launching sites were also targeted . "  Hamas and the other terrorist organizations in Gaza have made normal life impossible for over 1 million Israelis , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement . "  No government would tolerate a situation where nearly a fifth of its people live under a constant barrage of rockets and missile fire . " Palestinian leaders condemned the attacks and said it is just another example of Israel 's aggression toward Gaza . Since Hamas took control of Gaza in 2007 , Israel has imposed a crippling economic embargo on the territory because it views Hamas as a terrorist organization bent on destroying the state of Israel . FAQ : What is Hamas , and what are its aims ? Meanwhile , Hamas ' military wing vowed revenge , warning that Israel had opened "  the gates of hell on themselves . " Since then , Israel and Hamas have been trading bombs and rockets , and there is international concern that the situation could escalate into an even bloodier ground war . The Israeli government has called up 75,000 reservists and massed 30,000 troops across the border of the Palestinian territory , according to the Israel Defense Forces . "  If this situation continues and it escalates , it 's going to be really serious and tragic -- not just for Israelis and Palestinians , but actually it will cause a huge amount of upheaval right across the region , " said former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , who is envoy for the Middle East Quartet working to find a peace agreement . "  And this is a region , as you know , that does n't require more upheaval right now . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon flew to the region Monday to personally appeal for a cease-fire , joining a chorus of Western and Arab leaders who do not want to see a repeat of 2009 , when a three-week ground offensive resulted in the deaths of at least 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis . But not all of those leaders view the conflict similarly . Many of the Western nations , including the United States and several European countries , see Hamas as the aggressor . U.S. President Barack Obama , speaking in Thailand on Sunday , said Hamas rocket attacks were the "  precipitating " event for the fighting and that "  we are actively working with all the parties in the region to see if we can end those missiles being fired without further escalation of violence . " The United States , like Israel , views Hamas as a terrorist organization . More : Obama 's telephone diplomacy on Gaza Many Arab and Muslim nations , on the other hand , see Hamas as the victim of Israeli aggression . Egypt , for example , recalled its ambassador to Israel and delivered a formal protest to the Israeli government . "  No one can remain still and watch this tragedy unfold in this fashion , " Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Kandil said Friday . "  This is impossible . The whole world must intervene , and Israel must abide by the agreements and stop the aggression . " Kandil visited a Gaza hospital and kissed the lifeless body of a 4-year-old boy said to have been killed by an Israeli airstrike . The Israeli military told CNN , however , that it did not carry out any strikes at the time of the child 's death ; it said it had stopped temporarily for Kandil 's visit . The death of civilians , especially children , has been a common rallying cry for critics of Israel 's offensive . Ten people , including several children , were pulled from the rubble after one airstrike in Gaza , as CNN 's Arwa Damon witnessed . Israeli authorities said they go to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties in densely populated Gaza , even dropping leaflets and nonlethal bombs to warn people about bombings in advance . But "  the terrorists , " Netanyahu said , "  are committing a double war crime : They fire at Israeli civilians , and they hide behind Palestinian civilians . " And sometimes , according to a tweet from the Israeli military , "  Hamas fires from civilian areas and hits its own people . " Both Israel and Hamas have taken to Twitter to defend their cause and sway outside opinion . One recent graphic , tweeted from the account of Hamas ' military wing , said Israel is n't killing terrorists in Gaza ; it 's killing children , senior citizens and women . The Israeli military tweeted a graphic that asked , "  What would you do if rockets were striking your country ? RT if you agree that #Israel has the right to self-defense . " As the fighting and the finger-pointing carry on , there 's no denying that suffering continues on both sides . CNN 's Sara Sidner interviewed one woman in Gaza who lost her two children , ages 2 and 4 . "  I am in shock , I ca n't believe it , " Riba Abu Saithan said , crying . "  My two children , they are priceless to me . My life is now very difficult . " In Ashkelon , a town in southern Israel , everyone is constantly afraid of rocket attacks , its mayor said . "  We ca n't go on like this , " Mayor Benny Vaknin told CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen . "  We have 131,000 people here and 26,000 children . They are constantly under threat . " Many experts expect that both Israel and Hamas will find it in their best interests to eventually stop fighting . Neither side has much to gain in repeating the events of 2009 , writes Aaron David Miller , a vice president and distinguished scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . Miller , who served as a Middle East negotiator in Democratic and Republican organizations , said : "  War did n't fix the problem then , and it 's unlikely to fix it now . Nor do the Israelis -- when the real threat is Iran -- want to get into a major military and political mess over Gaza that would make their relationship with Egypt even more complicated . " More : Why Israel might hesitate to invade But if war is n't the answer , why do the bombs and rockets continue to fly ? Nathan J. Brown , a professor of political science and international affairs at George Washington University , said each side suspects the other of playing domestic politics . "  Palestinians fear that the Israeli government is making war with an eye to upcoming elections . Israelis suspect that Hamas -- whose full name is the "  Islamic Resistance Movement " -- is lobbing rockets because it is tired of its rivals ' taunting that it is not living up to its middle name , " said Brown , who has authored six books on Middle East politics . There is some truth to these charges , Brown said , but both sides have other goals in mind . "  The Israelis know that they can not dislodge Hamas from Gaza without unacceptable cost and endless occupation . But they want to punish the movement so severely that it will be deterred from future violence , " he said . "  Hamas knows that the damage it inflicts serves no strategic value , but it hopes that its rockets will cause dislocation and even panic in Israel and send an international message that Gaza can not be ignored . " How Middle East has changed since last Gaza conflict CNN 's Sara Sidner , Arwa Damon , Greg Botelho , Chelsea J. Carter , Kareem Khadder , Frederick Pleitgen , Mohammed Fadel Fahmy , Josh Levs , Saad Abedine , Talal Abu-Rahma , Hala Gorani , John D. Sutter and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	Israel and Hamas have been trading bombs , rockets from afar Israel said its military operation is in response to constant rocket attacks from Gaza Palestinian leaders have condemned the attacks as a major escalation World leaders want to stop the fighting before it escalates to another ground war
CNN  -- Want to combine your frequent flier points with friends and family to earn free flights faster ? JetBlue Airways will now allow members of its TrueBlue loyalty program to register as a family to share loyalty points within a designated group . "  It 's a GREAT way for family and friends to combine points so they can earn a free ticket a lot easier and quicker , " aviation blogger Johnny "  Jet " DiScala wrote in an e-mail . "  I wish the other airlines would do the same . " Adult TrueBlue members can sign up for family pooling , including one other grownup and up to five children who are also members . Each family member can decide what percentage of their points to contribute to the family account . From there , the chosen "  head of household " can monitor the family 's account and redeem points at JetBlue . Members can join only one JetBlue "  family . " JetBlue executives may be trying to strengthen a loyalty program that does n't have as many airline partner options as traditional carriers . JetBlue lists American Airlines , Hawaiian Airlines , Aer Lingus and Emirates among its loyalty partners . In contrast , United Airlines lists 28 worldwide Star Alliance airline partners in its MileagePlus program . Delta Air Lines SkyMiles Award Travel program lists 26 worldwide partner airlines . TrueBlue allows members to use points for any seat on any JetBlue operated flight with no blackout dates , and its points do n't expire . And while other airlines allow loyalty program members to transfer miles , they often charge a fee for the service . JetBlue 's upgrades have n't stopped there . The airline is also moving to make its cross-country service between New York City and its West Coast cities San Francisco and Los Angeles more attractive for business class travelers . It announced its new premium "  Mint " seating last month . Starting next summer and fall , certain flights between New York and the two West Coast cities will start offering fully flat beds , private suites , dual power outlets with USB ports , amenity kits and a tapas menu .	JetBlue is now allowing family members to pool loyalty points The airline already has no blackout or expiration dates for redeeming points Air traveler advocates applauded the move to make points easier to use
New York  CNN  -- The premiere of "  Gone with the Wind " took place in Atlanta , Georgia , on December 15 , 1939 , but not without a territorial struggle of its own , a war between the states of California and Georgia . Producer David O. Selznick of course wanted it in Hollywood . But William B. Hartsfield , the feisty mayor of Atlanta , with a rampant Junior League and the full force of its citizenry behind him , argued it was "  their " story and won the day . Selznick was terrified that he and the hyper-glittery event would be ridiculed by Northerners . Margaret Mitchell , by then a Pulitzer Prize winner and long past her scapegrace flapper days , was terrified the movie would be a vulgar travesty , embarrassing her in front of her friends . It was , of course , a triumph -- for the South it was like a sweet vindication for their humiliation at the hands of Sherman 's army . For Selznick , the biggest gamble of his life would go on to win 10 Oscars and become a success beyond his wildest dreams . In its day the longest and most expensive film ever made , it had cost $ 4,250,000 to produce . It would go on to become a global hit and , with dollars adjusted for inflation , it remains the biggest blockbuster of all time . But the tensions and ironies present at the premiere were an indication of fault lines that , without ever completely tarnishing the film as an audience favorite , would plague its 70-year history . How could it not be so in a movie that told "  our " nation 's history , the Civil War and Reconstruction , from the unreconstructed South 's point of view ? A hundred-thousand people turned out on a bitter cold night and there were bands on every street and old men marching in Confederate uniforms . The stars arrived in full force ... the white ones , that is . Not permitted to attend the premiere in segregated Atlanta were the black cast members , including Hattie McDaniel , who would go on to win an Academy Award for her portrayal of Mammy  and would be the first black to do so  . Among the three days of festivities was an all-white Junior League ball serenaded by the Ebenezer Baptist Church Choir , an all-black boys choir directed by the Rev. Martin Luther King Sr. and including a 6-year-old Martin Luther King Jr. among its members . Many of the young who watch "  Gone with the Wind " today are horrified -- not only are all blacks slaves , but they are also apparently content with their lot ; Reconstruction is an unalloyed disaster . Yet calling the movie racially retrograde is a misnomer . It is very much of its time and place , it 's just that we ca n't bear to look at that time and place -- itself a mark of how far we 've progressed . Most critics today would n't touch "  Gone with the Wind " with a 10-foot pole -- it 's easier to dismiss it as racist or overblown or an apologia for the plantation culture than to take a fresh look at how it has fared and why it has endured for 70 years . I 'm speaking from experience , as I recently published a book about "  Gone with the Wind " -- the novel and film . While doing some National Public Radio interviews and responding to listeners ' questions , I was struck by how the film continues to raise tempers and inflame feelings . An elderly gent from South Carolina ranted on about Sherman 's burning of the local church , while a youngish black woman said the movie should be consigned to the dustbin of history ... after admitting she 'd seen it 500 times . But no less surprising was the huge number of well-considered  and favorable  online responses -- a long , thoughtful appreciation by a black female historian , another from a black male librarian in North Carolina , and other passionate pro- "  Gone with the Wind " responses from across the spectrum , some under the guise of "  guilty pleasure . " Young-ish black women have told me of responding to the book as teenagers , much as I did , even reading it under the covers with a flashlight . For my generation , Scarlett was outspoken , a renegade , a feminist in hoop skirts , maybe the first of a long line of teenage rebels with a barely defined cause , a vendetta against grown-up hypocrisy . For my generation of '50s adolescents , it was the book 's raciness that made it deliciously taboo  Margaret Mitchell said her own mother would n't have let her read it until she was 18  . For young black teenagers in the '70s and '80s , it was n't the raciness as much as the rebellion , the stubborn selfishness of Scarlett -- and they were defying parents who would be horrified to know their daughters could sympathize in any way with a slave-owning plantation mistress . Yes , the movie may be overblown , may be guilty of giving the South an undeserved moral victory , yet it tells a complicated story in swift , riveting brushstrokes , pulls out all the emotional stops so that even those of us not besotted with the film can hardly resist individual scenes : Just try to stop watching once engaged . Crafted by the geniuses of the studio system , "  Gone with the Wind " is a panoramic epic that never loses sight of its main characters , and -- also startling to young viewers today -- those characters endure vast quantities of pain and suffering in a world turned upside down . There are star-crossed lovers  the fierce beauty of Vivien Leigh , the gentleness beneath the swagger of Clark Gable  , the agony of war , of economic loss and devastation , the resilience of a woman who wo n't accept defeat . Most original of all is Scarlett herself  you hate her and you love her  , a heroine of ambiguous morality who is revolutionary in Hollywood terms in that she refuses to be chastened , brought to heel , transformed by love . The movie crosses race and gender lines and shows that single-issue sympathies are out of date . We can finally take a more nuanced approach , appreciate just how majestic Hattie McDaniel 's performance is .  When she was criticized at the time by the NAACP she famously retorted , "  I 'd rather get paid $ 700 a week playing a maid than $ 7 a week being one . " After the controversy , Hollywood made a concerted effort to expand roles for blacks . It has been a slow and arduous process as we can see by the fact that despite a record number of African-American performers , no black director has won an Oscar . But if there 'd been no "  Gone with the Wind , " it might have started later and taken even longer . The movie is a cultural touchstone that , as one reader wrote to The Wall Street Journal , "  shows us not only where we 've been , but also how far we 've come . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Molly Haskell .	"  Gone with the Wind " premiered 70 years ago today What was in its day the longest , most expensive film ever remains biggest blockbuster of all time Black cast members were forbidden from attending the premiere in segregated Atlanta Film , though criticized for being overblown , crossed race and gender lines
VIENNA , Austria  CNN  -- Iran has accepted a draft agreement that calls for some uranium produced in Iran to be sent abroad for further enrichment , an Iranian diplomat said Wednesday . Mohamed ElBaradei says the agreement is a "  balanced " approach to the problem . "  In principle we have in fact accepted this offer for this Tehran ... reactor in spite of the fact that we are capable of producing the fuel , " Ali Asghar Soltanieh told CNN 's Matthew Chance in Vienna . "  But we decided to welcome this offer in order not only to show our transparency and cooperation but prove that all activities are for exclusively peaceful purposes . " Soltanieh is Iran 's ambassador to the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency . He spoke shortly after concluding three days of discussions at the IAEA 's headquarters here with representatives from the U.N. , France , Russia , and the United States . The draft agreement is "  the summary of the discussions that we have had " since Monday , which Soltanieh described as "  elaborating on all aspects of this project for fuel for Tehran 's reactor , " Soltanieh said . He and the other representatives from France , Russia , and the United States are taking the draft agreement to their respective governments for approval . IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei has given all the representatives until Friday to say whether they will sign the agreement , which ElBaradei described as "  a balanced approach to the problem . " Soltanieh would not elaborate on the draft agreement until it is finalized , but he told CNN that Iran plans to continue its uranium enrichment program at its Bushehr nuclear power plant . The delegates hammered out the details of a tentative deal reached in early October which calls for low-enriched uranium produced in Iran to be sent abroad for further enrichment and then returned for use in medical research and treatment . Tehran says its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes . But many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities . The Obama administration is working on a substantial sanctions package against Iran in case current diplomatic efforts to curb its nuclear program fail , top officials told Congress earlier this month . From CNN 's Matthew Chance in Vienna , Austria	Iranian nuclear envoy : Iran accepts uranium processing draft deal "  in principle " Three days of talks on Iran 's nuclear program wrap up in Vienna IAEA chief says draft deal is "  balanced approach to the problem " Tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
"  Smart " TVs have failed because they 've always assumed more is better . Instead of evolving the television experience , TV makers have simply added to it , heaping more streams , more services , and more content onto our sets without rethinking the interfaces for accessing them . The same problem plagues the services that power those smart TVs . Netflix offers thousands of options for what to watch , but instead of giving you a chance to skip through and sample them , it makes you evaluate each one , like a title on a video-store shelf . In both cases , the experience has become more about selecting a piece of content than simply watching TV . The result ? More ends up feeling like a lot less . That 's the central problem plaguing both set-top boxes like Roku and Apple TV and content services like Netflix and Amazon Instant Video . Instead of letting you lean back and soak up content , these new challengers require decisions -- a careful cost-benefit analysis of thousands of different options . If the traditional TV experience is about letting viewers surf channels , today 's on-demand video is like giving them a speedboat and forcing them choose a destination before they can even get in the water . It 's the fundamental reason smart TV and streaming video user interfaces pale in comparison to regular TV for so much of our daily viewing . And it 's a shame . The channels we 've always known are the perfect interface for TV . For some reason , we seem hell-bent on abandoning them . The simple joy of channel surfing Channel surfing sounds like a '90s relic , something we did when we were a nation of mindless couch potatoes , not yet graced with on-demand content and our sophisticated second screens . Here 's the thing , though : We 're still couch potatoes ! According to the U.S. labor department , Americans on average watch nearly three hours of TV a day . Nielsen pegs it even higher , at 42 hours a week , with only three of those hours happening on laptops or mobile devices . How a math genius hacked OkCupid to find true love It 's hard to find data that breaks down what we 're watching , but I 'll bet only a fraction is spent digesting hour-long cable dramas . That daily figure is n't so high because we 're tuning in to must-see TV -- rather , it 's the opposite . We get home and we flip on the set . We change into comfortable clothes , drink a glass of wine , make dinner , surf the web a little bit from a couch . In between all those things we click around from channel to channel to find something to fill the air . It does n't have to be riveting . Often times , it 's better if it 's not . What regular TV really offers is low-stakes , ambient entertainment . That 's something that 's utterly missing from Netflix , Amazon Instant Video , Roku , and Apple TV . Consider , for example , a strange paradox of the streaming video age : You 'll totally watch an hour of "  Ghostbusters " on TNT , but you 'd never in a million years start it up from the top on Netflix , even though it 's always right there , just a dozen clicks away . Facebook 's greatest innovations : The first decade That example gets to the heart of what makes channel surfing so great . It 's a zero-commitment affair . It 's a fundamentally passive way to consume media , whereas today 's streaming video libraries demand agency on the part of the viewer . Netflix is great when you want to watch something , but it 's terrible when you want to watch anything . Set-top boxes take too many clicks Consider how much friction there is in using today 's streaming services , purely on a nuts-and-bolts level . With regular TV , you press one button and something 's on your screen . Mash on the remote again and there 's another show in front of you . Channel surfing is beautifully elegant in terms of input and output : a pure one-to-one relationship between tactile action and visual stimulus . Compare that to Apple TV . One click on the slippery little remote to wake it up ; several more to navigate the grid-based UI to the "  channel " of your choice . Even with the fistful of live TV apps now available on the device , the experience has none of the fluidity of real TV . Say you want to see what 's on Watch ESPN . You have to click its icon , then navigate a sub-menu of ESPN 's various channels . It does n't show you what 's on any of them . You just have to click into ESPN , see what 's on , click back , then click ESPN 2 , and so forth . It 's maddening . Netflix needs to be a stream , not just a library When compared to the rest of our media diet , though , the bigger problems with streaming services such as Netflix quickly come into focus . As we 've heard again and again , the dominant model for organizing digital content throughout the last half-decade has been the stream . It 's everywhere -- any site or service that presents content in the familiar , endlessly scrolling chronological list . Blogs are streams . Facebook 's a stream . Twitter 's a stream on steroids . You know what else is a stream ? Live TV ! It comes with the very same qualities that exist in and enliven all the examples above . It 's immediate . It 's constant . It 's always-on , always-there , always-new . You do n't have to do a damn thing except show up . How the NSA almost killed the Internet While synonymous with the age of streaming video , Netflix is less like a stream and more like a colossal vending machine . It offers a plentitude of carefully wrapped choices , each requiring careful consideration . Infinite choice is exhausting . Ask anyone who 's spent 30 minutes trying to pick a movie , only to give up and see what 's on TV . Nate Giraitis , Associate Director , Insights & Strategy at Smart Design , points out that Netflix is very much defined by its origins . In its earliest incarnation , Netflix was n't competing with TV ; it was competing with Blockbuster . "  Netflix was a video rental store , " he explains . "  And its original website was a rental shelf . " That 's what gave birth to Netflix 's UI , and countless streaming video services have followed its example . As he puts it , with Netflix "  you 're not watching . You 're shopping . " There are signs that Netflix is trying to do better . It recently tweaked its UI so that the next episode of a TV series starts automatically after you finish one , simulating the always-something-on-next effect of regular TV . Felix Salmon recently argued that Netflix 's new super-specific , algorithmically suggested microgenres are an effort to make itself more TV-like , an attempt to serve up something from its vast archive of second-tier content that you 'll consent to watch , even if you 're not enthralled by it . Gim me channels But for Netflix and its ilk to begin eating into those three hours of nightly TV time , it needs proper channels . Think : A dozen programmed line-ups and an interface to match , so that with one click you can be in the middle of something random from Netflix 's catalog -- something that 's perfectly suited for the ambient entertainment we crave . If that 's too radical , just think of it as Pandora-mode . It does n't have to replace Netflix 's library entirely . But it should be offered as a complement to it . 11 must-watch Netflix movies to stream in 2014 The same goes for Roku TV . The company 's newest product -- a flatscreen built from the ground up around Roku -- offers 1,200 "  channels , " from real stations like PBS and ESPN , to services like Pandora and Netflix and lesser-known entities like Crackle and "  The Daily Burn . " There 's one big problem . They 're not really channels at all . Instead , they 're just apps by another name . Make them into real , instantaneous video streams , and then you 've got something . There might be some dumb reason we ca n't have this . Perhaps there 's a clause in licensing agreements that forbids Netflix from packaging this sort of programming ; maybe most viewers do n't yet have the bandwidth necessary for these services to simulate some sort of channel surfing experience . Nevertheless , if Netflix truly wants to make itself an indispensable eight-bucks-a-month expense -- or if Roku wants to build the standalone TV that can finally break cable 's hegemony -- giving couch potatoes some true channels to dip into is the way to do it . I could be wrong , but I suspect there are a lot of people like me out there . I never have time for "  Ghostbusters , " but I always have time for the last 30 minutes of it . You can build this open-source car in an hour	Today 's streaming services like Netflix do n't offer a passive TV experience Instead of letting you lean back and soak up content , these services require decisions But we 're still a culture of channel surfers We wo n't order "  Ghostbusters " on Netflix , but we 'll watch part of it when it 's on TV
CNN  -- A former top Colombian official survived an assassination attempt Tuesday after a daylight bombing in the country 's capital , authorities said . Fernando Londono , a former interior and justice minister , was among at least 39 people injured in the Bogota blast . He was being treated at a hospital , President Juan Manuel Santos said . "  I want to condemn this in the strongest terms , " he said , adding that the motive for the attack was unknown . Londono 's driver and his head of security were killed , Santos said . A chaotic scene unfolded as the blast hit a commercial neighborhood in a city where such attacks have become rare . All the windows on a bus were blown out , and blood was all over the area , witness German Diaz said . People panicked , he said . Some cried . Video showed shattered glass and scattered car parts covering the street as rescuers arrived . Security cameras at the Bogota intersection recorded a man crossing the street while cars were stopped at a red light , CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported . The man threw a package at the vehicle Londono was riding in , then sped away on a waiting motorcycle , the CNN affiliate said . Colombian authorities were offering a 500 million peso  $ 280,000  reward for information leading to the capture of those responsible for the attack , Santos said . Earlier Tuesday , police detected and deactivated a car bomb in central Bogota . Santos told reporters Tuesday evening that there was no evidence linking the two incidents . Mayor Gustavo Petro suggested the attack could have something to do with the U.S.-Colombia Free Trade Agreement , which went into effect on Tuesday . "  We think it is a plan aimed at trying to destabilize the city on the precise day when the free trade agreement begins , " he told reporters . He urged the city 's residents to remain calm and report anything suspicious to authorities . Londono served as minister of interior and justice from 2002 to 2004 during the administration of President Alvaro Uribe . He was known for being outspoken against leftist rebel groups , including the Armed Revolutionary Forces of Colombia , or FARC . Londono travels with a sizable security detail because of numerous threats against him . Rebels say they 'll free French journalist Even as Santos said authorities were still trying to determine who was behind the blast , one police official blamed the rebel group . "  Nobody else could have done it , and we have reasons to say what we are saying , " Bogota Police Chief Luis Eduardo Martinez told reporters , according to Caracol . Analysts offered a similar assessment . "  It has all the hallmarks of a FARC operation , " said Cynthia Arnson , director of the Latin America program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington . The bombing comes as recent Colombian government operations and policies have caused significant setbacks for the rebel group , she said . "  This kind of attack in Bogota has become extremely rare , but nonetheless seems designed to drive home a political point , that the guerrillas retain this capacity for violence , " Arnson said . Several bomb blasts occur every year in Bogota , but assassination attempts are uncommon , said Ben West , senior tactical analyst for Stratfor . The last one occurred in 2007 , when a letter bomb was sent to the deputy education minister , he said . In the 1980s and 1990s , high-profile attacks targeting government officials were more common in Colombia , he said . "  I 'd say for about the past 10 years , it 's been much more quiet , " West said . "  One attack does n't make a trend . It could just be an outlier , but it is significant that it was an assassination attempt , not just a random bombing . ... It is a more sophisticated attack . " Local media reports have speculated that the attack could be connected with the trade agreement , he said , and some have suggested local criminal gangs could be behind it . But the FARC seems to have the strongest motive and capabilities to mount such an attack , West said . The rebels could be responding to a new government approach that expands the focus of military operations beyond the group 's leaders , he said . "  They 're going after all the FARC members . They 're trying to be more disruptive rather than surgical . If they 're successful in this , it 's going to get a response from the FARC , " West said . "  An attack like this , in Bogota , in the capital of the country , where the government is , it could be a response to the new strategy the government is taking . " Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report from Bogota . Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	Officials do n't know who was behind the blast , President Juan Manuel Santos says Authorities are offering a $ 280,000 reward for information , he says The attack targeted a former minister of interior and justice At least two people were killed and dozens were injured
LONDON  CNN  -- The latest video from Somalia 's al Qaeda-backed Al-Shabaab wing is as slickly produced as a reality TV show but with a startling message -- complete with a hip-hop jihad vibe . Experts think Abu Mansoor al-Amriki , dubbed "  The American " by al Qaeda , speaks in the Somali video . "  Mortar by mortar , shell by shell , only going to stop when I send them to hell , " the unidentified voice raps on the video , which runs at least 18 minutes . The video also shows a man reported to be Abu Mansoor al-Amriki , dubbed "  The American " by al Qaeda . He apparently is now in Somalia training and counseling Somalis from North America and Europe . He speaks in American English . "  Away from your family , away from our friends , away from ice , candy bars , all those things is because we 're waiting to meet the enemy , " says the man believed to be al-Amriki . Watch part of the video " Intelligence experts say the video was probably made in recent weeks and comes on the heels of an audio message in March purportedly from Osama bin Laden . In that recording , the al Qaeda leader calls on his "  Muslim brothers in Mujahid Somalia " to overthrow President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed for cooperating with the West . Al-Shabaab is the militant Islamic wing in Somalia . It means "  Youth " in Arabic . "  We 're seeing perhaps their most sophisticated attempt so far to really reach an audience of potential recruits in America , and that 's one of the things that made that video very significant , " said Ben Venzke of the IntelCenter , a Washington-based research group that tracks al Qaeda 's development and messages . "  They 're casting it in a way that 's going to speak to the youth of today , " Venzke said . "  Most of the time , what we 're seeing in their videos directly parallels what the groups are doing operationally , what they are targeting , where they 're recruiting . " Sheik Ahmed Matan knows that firsthand . A respected member of Britain 's Somali community , Matan said he knows of hundreds of young Somali men who have returned to Somalia for terrorist training . "  A lot of young people from here , from America , from Canada , from everywhere from Europe -- they went there , " he said . He added that these men are capable of being sent back home to conduct terrorist operations , even suicide bombings . "  It can be , they can train anytime and send them here , anytime , " Matan said . Somalis from North America and Europe are beginning to come to terms with the problem of recruitment , he said . The United States and British governments say Somalia is an emerging terror hot spot , which could pose a threat beyond its borders . Matan said he often challenges "  recruiters " at mosques and elsewhere in Britain , demanding that they stop brainwashing younger Somalis about Islam . He said the government should play a greater role in monitoring what is said and done at these mosques -- but , he concedes , doing so has proved highly controversial in Britain and throughout Europe . There is some evidence that al Qaeda is successfully preying on some of those with Western backgrounds . One of them was a business student from London who suddenly left for Somalia . He surfaced about 18 months ago on a martyrdom video , just before blowing himself up in southern Somalia , killing at least 20 people , officials say . U.S. Defense officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , also said months ago that one of their worst nightmares would be al Qaeda operating freely in Somalia . Now that nightmare continues , with Somalis in North America and Europe admitting that al Qaeda 's reach is spreading . Venzke said Al-Shabaab has put out more videos than ever before in the past year . "  If that 's what they 're doing publicly , we can only assume how their operations have developed , " he said .	Al Qaeda 's Somali arm has hip-hop jihad rap and message from "  American " Intel expert says group is trying "  to reach audience of potential recruits in America " Video comes on the heels of purported bin Laden message on Somalia
Former FIFA president Joao Havelange and fellow Brazilian sports chief Ricardo Teixeira pocketed millions of dollars in bribes from a collapsed marketing company , documents released by a Swiss court Wednesday revealed . Havelange received at least 1.5 million Swiss francs  $ 1.53 million  while Teixeira , who was at one time his son-in-law , was paid at least CHF 12.4 million  $ 12.64 million  . The backhanders , made by International Sport and Leisure  ISL  , were detailed in a judgment by Switzerland 's supreme court , which was also published on the official FIFA website . ISL , a former official marketing partner for FIFA and the International Olympic Committee  IOC  , was made bankrupt in 2001 with estimated debts of around $ 300 million , but the fallout from that collapse has reverberated around the world of sport . Havelange , who is now 96 , stepped down as president of football 's world governing body in 1998 after 24 years at the helm , but is still an honorary FIFA president . He resigned as a member of the IOC last December , citing ill health , just a few days before it was due to sanction him after a probe by its own ethics committee into payments by ISL to leading officials . IOC sanctions two leading sports officials over ISL link Teixeira was forced to quit his position on FIFA 's executive committee and stand down as head of Brazil 's 2014 World Cup organizing committee earlier this year when it became clear the report would be published . Both had tried to block its publication in the Swiss courts . FIFA said Wednesday it was "  pleased " the documents had been made public and on its website highlighted the fact Havelange and Teixeira had been named while its current president , Sepp Blatter , was not . "  The decision of the Swiss Federal Court also confirms that only two foreign officials will be named as part of the process and that , as previously communicated by the Prosecutor of Zug in June 2010 , the FIFA President is not involved in the case  ` no Swiss person involved '  , " read FIFA 's statement . The court documents reveal that Teixeira had paid CHF 2.5 million  $ 2.55 million  and Havelange CHF 500,000  $ 510,000  in compensation . FIFA was accused by the court of having a "  deficient organization " and was being investigated for "  disloyal management . " It was also stated FIFA had paid CHF 2.5 million  $ 2.55 million  in compensation -- but only agreed to the conditions if criminal actions against Havelange and Teixeira were dropped . Havelange played a key role in bringing the 2016 Olympics to Rio de Janeiro when the South American city was awarded the Games in 2009 . He became an IOC member in 1963 and was FIFA president between 1974 and 1998 until Blatter , his longtime secretary general , took charge . Havelange spent two months in hospital earlier this year with a heart problem and infected ankle , but he once famously invited IOC members to his 100th birthday party on Copacabana beach in 2016 should Rio get the Games .	Swiss court details bribes paid to Joao Havelange by marketing company Former FIFA president took over $ 1.5 million , documents reveal His former son-in-law Ricard Teixeira also pocketed over $ 12 million FIFA paid compensation in 2010 over collapse of ISL
CNN  -- In a rare and candid interview , CNN 's Robyn Curnow spoke to Nelson Mandela 's wife of 10 years , Graca Machel , to find out more about the man from the person who arguably knows him the best . Here , Machel reveals that Mandela 's courageous and eventful life has left him with only one regret . Machel : "  We have enjoyed this relationship in a really special way . " How would you describe your relationship with Nelson Mandela ? He is simply a wonderful husband . We met in life at time we were both settled . We were grown up , we were settled , we knew the value of a companion , of a partner . Because of that , we have enjoyed this relationship in a really special way . It 's not like when you are still young , you are too demanding . No , no . We just accept each other as we are . And we enjoy every single day as if it is the last day . Because of that , it has been wonderful to have him as a husband . . Do you look at him and go , "  I married Nelson Mandela ? " At the beginning , yes . I already had this very deep involvement with him . Then sometimes . It 's ... there was a sort of conflict between the man I loved and the myth . Particularly because people were saying things , and I could n't figure out the two would go together . I know him as a human being , a person and this myth surrounding him . The aura around him was a bit confusing , but then I learnt to live with it , in terms of separating the two . Is he comfortable in his own skin ? Absolutely . More than comfortable . He is so happy with himself . At the end of his life also he realizes , although he does n't express it . He realized that he achieved the things he had as goals in life . So is he at peace with himself ? Yeah , really . It 's peace , fulfillment . Best way to characterize it is to be at peace with himself , but also at peace with the world Does he have any regrets ? Ya , only one I know of . You feel he would have really liked much more input in the development of his children . Only thing . Although he tried his best . Madiba  Mandela  was not given the opportunity to bring up his own children . He left them . Went to prison when they were very young . He did n't have much opportunity to do those things that a parent a father does to read stories to child . How has he dealt with old age , for somebody who seems to be such a fighter , doer , has the frailty of old age frustrated him ? I think the only thing that frustrates him is walking . When he tries , he feels , he puts it as his knees do n't cooperate ... that 's how he puts it . He is not anxious about getting old . No , no , no . He feels he would like to move freely . That this the kind of frustration I sense in him . Birthday wishes ? I have already given him the best present I could and thought of , 10 years ago when we got married . I looked back sometimes ... It sounds crazy , someone of my age at the time . I was 52 ; I married a man of 80 . It was n't a problem . I was so happy to marry him . I think after that any other thing is much less , because it will never surpass the possibility of us being together , sharing a life . That is the best I could have given him . Because it is your wedding anniversary ? When we married , we did n't know we 'd be given 10 years together . We have been very lucky . Very grateful for that .	Mandela 's wife describes life with her "  wonderful husband " Gracel Machel says Mandela regrets the time he lost with his children Mandela also frustrated by the incapacities of old age , she says
CNN  -- In a season of lows , golf 's No. 1 Rory McIlroy hit a new low as he simply walked off the course following a disastrous start to the second round of his defense of the Honda Classic title in Florida . McIlroy was seven over par for eight holes and about to drop more shots after hitting his approach to the 18th -- his ninth -- into the water at PGA National . The Northern Irishman shook hands with his playing partners Mark Wilson and South Africa 's Ernie Els and beat a hasty retreat with his coach and his caddie . Golf journalist David Dusek , tweeted that McIlroy "  was near tears as his caddie placed his clubs into the trunk of his blue BMW . " McIlroy later issued a statement apologizing for his "  sudden withdrawal . " He added : "  I have been suffering with a sore wisdom tooth , which is due to come out in the near future . It began bothering me again last night "  It was very painful again this morning , and I was simply unable to concentrate . It was really bothering me and had begun to affect my playing partners . "  I came here with every intention of defending my Honda Classic title . Even though my results have n't revealed it , I really felt like I was rounding a corner . "  I regret having to make the decision to withdraw , but it was one I had to make . " McIlroy had battled to a level par first round at Palm Beach Gardens -- six shots behind first round leader Camilo Villegas of Colombia -- but had to rely on his recovery play around the greens to preserve his score and he finished with a bogey six on the 18th . But he was in good spirits Thursday night in a family occasion , tweeting : "  Having a great dinner celebrating my mums birthday ! " That optimistic mood would have been quickly shattered by his performance on the course Friday morning . Starting at the 10th hole , McIlroy was quickly in trouble , hitting his approach to the 11th into the water and running up a double bogey . A further bogey followed on the 13th before a disastrous display on the 16th where he found the water twice and ran up a triple bogey seven . Three putts from 40 feet on the par-three 17th left him seven over for the tournament and with little chance of making the halfway cut before he found yet more water on the testing par-five finishing hole . It is the first time the 23-year-old McIlroy has pulled out of a tournament . In later action , Woods battled to make the weekend on the cut line of level par after a second straight 70 with 23-year-old rookie Luke Guthrie leading the way on nine-under 131 after a superb seven-under 63 . Villegas slumped to a sorry 77 to miss the cut . McIlroy 's stumbling start to 2013 is in sharp contrast to his dominant displays last year and comes in the wake of signing a lucrative 10-year sponsorship deal with Nike , worth a reported $ 250 million . Honda Classic : Latest scores As part of the deal , McIlroy changed his golf clubs to play with Nike branded equipment , which is also endorsed by his great rival and World No. 2 Tiger Woods . He has enjoyed his previous success , including two major victories , playing with rival Titleist clubs . Results since have not lived up to expectations and he missed the cut in Abu Dhabi in his first tournament of the year . That was followed by a sorry first round exit -- Woods also went out on the same day -- at the WGC Accenture World Matchplay event in Arizona last week . Critics have also focused on the scale of McIlroy 's new commercial ventures and three days before his Honda Classic defense he signed a three-year deal with audio products and headphone manufacturers Bose . On the eve of the tournament , McIlroy took to Twitter again : "  Had a great time with the Bose crew at the launch of our exciting new partnership last night . Looking forward to a great relationship . " McIlroy , who dates former World No. 1 tennis player Caroline Wozniacki , will get an early chance to silence the doubters as he is due to tee off next week in the WGC-Cadillac Championship on Doral 's daunting Blue Monster Course . It is all part of his preparation for a tilt at the U.S. Masters in Augusta , one of his major targets for the year as he bids to build on a 2012 season when he topped the money lists on the PGA and European Tours and claimed the U.S. PGA Championship in stunning fashion .	Rory McIlroy walks off the course during disastrous second round in Florida No. 1 cites a troublesome wisdom tooth for his sudden withdrawal Honda Classic title holder McIlroy was seven over par after eight holes at PGA National He has suffered a form slump since a big money switch to Nike
Joequetta Lewis got to hold her newborn son for 53 days . "  And then the next day , " she said , "  he was gone . " Rayshawn Lewis-Smith was one of five babies known to have died within 11 months of undergoing heart surgery at Kentucky Children 's Hospital in Lexington -- surgeries that , nationally , babies usually survive . "  He was born , and he looked as healthy as any of my other children , " said Sarah Moore , whose son Jaxon was the first to die . "  I held him . And then three weeks later , I was burying him . " Shortly after the fifth death in 2012 , Kentucky Children 's decided to stop its heart surgeries and placed its only pediatric heart surgeon on leave . At the time , the babies ' parents said , they did n't receive any explanation . And today , they 're still waiting for answers . "  Something happened , " Lewis said . "  Ca n't nobody give me no answers . " But now , pediatric heart surgeries are resuming at Kentucky Children 's Hospital -- without any reported investigation by the state health department and without oversight by anyone . There seems to be no medical governing body that needs to sign off on the decision to reopen the heart surgery unit . "  The only person I need permission from is me , " said Dr. Michael Karpf , executive vice president for health affairs at the University of Kentucky 's health care system , which includes Kentucky Children 's Hospital . 10 ways to get your child the best heart surgeon Last year , Karpf said , he put the pediatric heart surgery program on hold because the mortality rates were n't what he wanted them to be . "  They were OK , and OK is n't good enough for me , " he said at the time . "  It 's got to be better . It 's got to be good . " Karpf commissioned an internal report  PDF  on the heart surgery program . Parents of the dead babies hoped that might provide them with some information . But the 102-page report does n't explain why the babies died . In fact , it does n't acknowledge any deaths at all . "  How do you know when the problems have been fixed when they 're not identified ? " asked Kevin Allen , whose daughter Kalyn died in January 2012 . "  I mean , they could say they fixed them . But is an internal review really objective ? " Asked in May whether parents should trust that Kentucky Children 's would fix any issues before reopening the program , Karpf threw his hands in the air . "  This is America , " he said . "  You know , they have a choice . They can trust us or not trust us . All I can tell them is , I 'm not going to reopen until I feel good about it . It 's as simple as that . " A hospital spokesman declined a request for another interview with Karpf , referring questions to a news release about the internal report . CNN reached Karpf this month as he arrived to speak at a community center and asked whether he could give parents some answers about why their children died . "  Unfortunately , babies die at children 's hospitals after having heart surgery at other places also , " he said . "  We explained to you that our mortality  rate  fit the national standards . " Kentucky Children 's , however , has been reticent to release statistics on the program , unlike other hospitals that are more transparent . After a legal battle -- which saw the Kentucky attorney general requesting data and the university appealing to a state circuit court -- the hospital released the following number : Patients at Kentucky Children 's Hospital were dying after all heart surgeries at the alarming rate of 7.1 % . That 's more than double the national average of 3.2 % . Karpf wo n't say how well it performed specific heart surgeries on children , information that some hospitals put on their websites . "  We as parents deserve this information , " said Jennifer Allen , Kalyn 's mother . "  I expect nothing more from a health care facility than honest answers . And whether it 's good or bad , we should know . I mean , that 's not too much to ask . " Parents react to story on Kentucky heart surgeries Shannon Hall , whose son Mason died , says it 's "  scary " that the hospital is going to be taking pediatric heart patients again . "  It really hurts that they 're going to open this program back up , " Lewis said . "  I 'm very scared for the kids . I do n't want nobody else to go through this again . " Moore said she 's worried about "  the same thing that happened to my baby . ... I never brought my child home . He never left the hospital . " However , Kentucky Children 's says it 's doing things differently . The surgeon placed on leave has since left , so a new heart surgeon will be hired . The hospital also will dedicate an intensive care unit specifically for heart surgery patients and is considering forming a partnership with another hospital for pediatric heart surgeries . In addition , the hospital says , it will no longer perform the most difficult types of heart surgeries . But that does n't satisfy the parents still mourning their children . "  Sometimes , you feel like you 're alone through it , " Hall said . "  I do n't think that it gets any easier , ever , " Moore said . "  I 've been told my entire life that time heals everything . I do n't believe that . I still miss my baby . Every day . "	Kentucky Children 's Hospital halted its heart surgeries in 2012 The hospital is resuming its pediatric heart surgery program Parents of five babies who died still do n't have answers Kentucky Children 's says it 's doing things differently now
Washington  CNN  -- When Superstorm Sandy rocked the Eastern Seaboard earlier this week , uncertainty over Tuesday 's election began to creep into the minds of those who have spent months organizing it . Though polling places up and down the East Coast were still without power Friday , Sandy 's impact is most noticeable in New Jersey , New York and Connecticut , scene of widespread flooding , power outages and hurricane-force winds . Elections officials from counties across New Jersey -- especially in the hardest hit areas on the coast and around Manhattan -- are concerned that turnout in Tuesday 's presidential election will be affected by the damage . While many county clerk officials reported lobbies full of people waiting to vote early and take advantage of extended registration windows , polling places across the state have been consolidated -- leading some to worry that confusion could reign Tuesday . Powerless in New Jersey "  I think it will affect turnout , " said John Currie , a board of elections commissioner in Passaic County . "  When people are worried about where they are going to live tomorrow , some people have more important things to think about . " In an effort to give people more time to cast an early , the Secretary of State 's office in New Jersey directed all county clerk offices to stay open this Saturday and Sunday . In Bergen County , 327 locations have been consolidated to make up for those areas that still do n't have power . At each displaced polling place , election organizers hope to have officials directing voters to the correct polling place . The hope is that these officials will ease confusion and help smooth the balloting process . Why Election Day wo n't be postponed "  People are interested , " said Patti DiCostanzo , superintendent of elections in Bergen County . "  We are moving forward the best we can and giving the voters every opportunity to vote in this election . " In Sussex County , out of the 76 original locations , 31 have been consolidated and some have been moved to completely new locations . Marge McCabe , administrator of the Board of Elections in Sussex County , said there will be notices posted at closed locations about where voters should go . "  I do think it will affect the way people are voting , " McCabe said . "  I think that everyone has their priorities , and for those who have power and have heat , their priority may be different than those who do n't . " "  We are trying to make it as easy as we can for folks to vote , " said McCabe . "  That is our No. 1 goal . " Many electronic voting machines -- used now by two out of every five counties nationwide , according to the Voting Technology Project -- often require consistent power to work for the long hours they are needed on Election Day , even though some have battery power . Poll organizers in New Jersey say that generators and battery-powered poll machines will ensure that power is not an issue at polling places . Admittedly , says Joanne Arena , deputy administrator of the Union County Board of Elections , the batteries "  only last a few hours . " If electricity remains out in some areas Tuesday , officials may have to scramble to find alternatives , including paper ballots . Hacking the vote : Internet systems remain insecure That may be the case in New York , another state rocked by Sandy , where many houses are either without power or underwater . New York uses optical scanners , a process that does n't necessarily need power at each polling station -- although that would be desirable . If power were not available , voter 's ballots would be kept in a lock box underneath the optical scanner , and at the end of the day the box would be transported to a ballot office with power . The issue : That sort of balloting would noticeably delay the reporting of election results . "  That is unavoidable , " said John Conklin , spokesperson for the New York State Board of Elections . "  The local boards are assessing their poll sites as we speak . They are looking to see what the power situation is , whether the site is accessible to the general public and whether the board can move voting machines in and out of the site , " Conklin said . "  When they are done with that assessment , they will start making plans for alternate poll sties . " The state board 's goal , however , is to minimize the number of poll sites that need to be consolidated and moved . Although moving some sites is "  completely unavoidable , " Conklin said , "  even if it is lacking power and we can still use it , we are going to use every effort to do that . " Like other officials , Conklin realizes that voter turnout may be affected by the damage Sandy has left in its wake . "  I think it is really difficult to predict that , but obviously there are some people who have had a major disruption in their life , " Conklin said . "  Voting is not going to be the major priority in their life . " In Connecticut , between 90 and 95 polling locations were still without power , according to the Secretary of State Denise Merrill . That number is an improvement : Thursday upward of 100 polling locations were out of power . "  We still have some polling places that lack electricity , and both power utilities have assured us they are working very hard to restore power to these locations as soon as possible , " Merrill wrote in a press release . "  We will be ready to vote next Tuesday no matter what , and the preferences would be not to move or consolidate any polling locations unless absolutely necessary . " Merrill and her staff have been working with local , state and federal officials -- including President Barack Obama -- to ensure the validity of the voting process . One concern expressed by Merrill is that in an effort to get life back to normal -- and get children back to school -- many local schools have decided to open on November 6 , the same day as the election . This was "  a change from previous plans to close school for Election Day so the school facilities could be used as polling precincts , " says a press release from her office . Even with possible problems at the polls , the likelihood that the election will be moved -- or an extension given for the affected counties -- is slim . Only Congress can change Election Day , according to an 1845 law . If it opts to alter the timetable -- something never previously done -- every state would have to be included . The same law also says that if a state "  shall fail to make a choice " on Election Day , then electors to the Electoral College may be appointed on a "  subsequent day " as determined by state law . How secure is your electronic vote ? CNN 's Allison Brennan contributed to this report .	Officials in three states say voter turner may be affected by Sandy Many voters will have more pressing personal matters to attend to Election Day Some polling stations are being consolidated Technology , electricity are among the concerns
CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan is scheduled to start her 90-day jail sentence Tuesday , but the star 's last moments of freedom may not be captured by cameras . The troubled movie star is scheduled to be in a Los Angeles courtroom Tuesday morning where she will be taken into custody . Superior Court Judge Marsha Revel has placed tight restrictions on what the public will be able to see at the court hearing . While the world watched as Lohan broke down in tears at her sentencing on July 6 , the public wo n't be able to see the actress handcuffed and taken into custody on Tuesday , the judge ruled . Cameras also must stop rolling when the judge announces that Lohan is remanded and the bailiff is instructed to take her into custody . The judge also ordered that photos of Lohan must be restricted to when she 's at the counsel table . Lohan was ordered to serve 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions in violation of her probation . She was also sentenced to spend 90 days in a drug and alcohol rehab program after her jail term is completed .	Judge has imposed tight restrictions on Tuesday 's hearing Lohan is sentenced to 90 days in jail Lohan is expected to be taken in custody Tuesday
CNN  Algeria and Ghana are through to the quarterfinals of the 2015 African Cup of Nations at the expense of Senegal and South Africa after a dramatic conclusion to the competition 's "  Group of Death " Tuesday . All four teams had a chance of qualifying before kick-off with Senegal requiring just a point to be sure of their passage to the next stage . However , a 2-0 defeat at the hands of Algeria coupled with Ghana 's late 2-1 win over South Africa ensured Alan Girese 's men would not be progressing from Group C. Playing an unimaginative brand of long ball football and with little shape in attack or defense , Senegal 's demise seldom looked in doubt in Malabo Algeria had the chance to open the scoring after just 90 seconds but a terrible touch from Sofiane Feghouli when through on goal allowed Senegal goalkeeper Bouna Coundoul to smother . The pre-tournament favourite would not have to wait long to break the deadlock , however . Aided by some lackadaisical defending , Riyad Mahrez controlled a simple ball over the top before composing himself and calmly slotting beyond Coundoul . Algeria was dominant and Hillal Soudani took his turn to test Coundoul with a rasping shot from distance after 20 minutes . Girese had warned his players before the game that nothing was settled despite their advantage atop the group . And as the half wore on the Frenchman 's side began to edge their way into the contest . Idrissa Gueye stung the palms of Rais Mboli in the Algeria goal with a long range effort as halftime approached . Yet Senegal looked vulnerable on the break when pushing forward . This pattern would come to define much of the second half . Senegal brought on Newcastle striker Papiss Cisse as they searched for an equalizer and they made early headway as Sadio Mane almost latched on to a Papy Djilobodji cutback . Algeria withstood this early pressure and came close to doubling their advantage after 73 minutes . Saphir Taïder 's strike from the edge of the area beat Coundoul but not Kara Mbodji who had fallen back to station himself on the line . Ten minutes later though there was nothing Coundoul or his defenders could do as Nabil Bentaleb found himself free on the edge of the Senegal area . The Tottenham midfielder composed himself and fired an unstoppable shot into the bottom right hand corner to make sure of the victory and top spot in the group . Algeria 's triumph meant Ghana required a win over South Africa in Mongomo to leapfrog Senegal in the standings and book their place in the quarterfinals . But things did n't start too brightly for the Black Stars as Mandla Masango broke the deadlock for South Africa with a stunning volley after 15 minutes . Aware that two goals were required , Ghana poured forward but were faced with a resolute Bafana Bafana rear-guard . John Boye restored parity after 73 minutes , latching on to a mishit Andre Ayew shot before swiveling to rattle beyond Nhlanhla Khuzwayo . Ghana then struck a post moments later as they searched for the go-ahead-goal that would take them through . That would arrive with just seven minutes remaining . Ayew was left alone in the South Africa box and rose to flick Baba Rahman 's cross past the despairing Khuzwayo and send his country through .	Ghana and Algeria reach AFCON 2015 quarterfinals Algeria defeat Senegal 2-0 in Malabo thanks to goals from Mahrez and Bentaleb Ghana leave it late to triumph over South Africa in Mongomo
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- As clashes in the Libyan capital continued Friday between government security forces and anti-regime protesters , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told reporters unequivocally : "  The violence must stop . " His remarks came as state television was airing images of the embattled but defiant strongman urging viewers to defend the nation . A man CNN will identify only as Reda to protect his identity said in a telephone interview that armed men dressed in plainclothes fatally shot his two brothers Friday as they were demonstrating against the government . Also killed were his two neighbors , he said . "  The bodies have been kidnapped from the street , " Reda said . "  My other neighbors told me they kidnapped the injured people in the hospital to somewhere , nobody knows  where  . This is the perfect crime . He 's hiding all evidence for every crime he has . This is the horrible situation that nobody knows . " More than 1,000 people have been killed , according to estimates cited Friday by Ban . He noted that the eastern part of the country "  is reported to be under the control of opposition elements , who have taken over arms and ammunition from weapon depots . " At least three cities near Tripoli have been the site of daily clashes , and the streets of the capital are largely deserted because people are afraid of being shot by government forces or militias , he said . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's supporters "  are reportedly conducting house-by-house searches and arrests . According to some reports , they have even gone into hospitals to kill wounded opponents , " Ban said . Accounts from the news media and human rights groups and witnesses "  raise grave concerns about the nature and scale of the conflict , " he said . He said they include reports of indiscriminate killings , shooting of peaceful demonstrators , torture of the opposition and use of foreign mercenaries . The victims have included women and children and "  indiscriminate attacks on foreigners believed to be mercenaries , " he said , referring to reports . Ban called on the international community "  to do everything possible " to protect civilians at demonstrable risk . Ban said there appeared to be a growing crisis of refugees , with some 22,000 people having fled to Tunisia and a reported 15,000 to Egypt in the past few days . For many , the trip has been a harrowing one . "  There are widespread reports of refugees being harassed and threatened with guns and knives , " Ban said . "  The violence must stop , " he said . "  Those responsible for so brutally shedding the blood of innocents must be punished . Fundamental human rights must be respected . " Ban said he will travel Monday to Washington to speak with U.S. President Barack Obama . Also at the United Nations , Libyan Ambassador Abdurrahman Mohamed Shalgham told reporters that he hoped Gadhafi and his sons would end the rampage "  against our people " within hours . Asked why he had continued to support Gadhafi until just a few days ago , the diplomat said , "  I could n't imagine in the beginning that it was going to be  this bad  . " But he now supports the protesters . "  It 's not a crime to say , ' I want to be free , ' " he said . The Libyan ambassador to the United States , Ali Suleiman Aujali , told CNN that he too has joined the opposition . "  When I see the mercenaries killing our peoples , and we see our women screaming in the street , and I see there is no distinguishing between who they are target , I ca n't take this , " said the diplomat , who served the Libyan government 's foreign service for more than 40 years . He said his fellow diplomats and many of the country 's police had also turned against Gadhafi in his quest to retain control of Libya . "  The problem now is western part , " he said , speaking in Washington . "  Unfortunately , they 've been confronted with mercenaries . " Asked whether he would want to see his former boss dead , he said , "  I want him to be out of my country . I want him to be out of the Libyan life . " As he spoke , reports emerged of sniper and artillery fire in Tripoli , said Mohammed Ali Abdallah of the National Front for the Salvation of Libya , which opposes Gadhafi 's regime . He based his account on reports that he said he received from witnesses . Another witness told CNN that protesters in western Tripoli were met by plainclothes security forces who fired guns at them and later tear gas to disperse the crowds . Prior to the clashes on Friday morning , security forces had removed barricades , disposed of bodies and painted over graffiti in Tripoli , witnesses said . On state television , Gadhafi -- wearing a fur trooper 's hat and addressing a crowd of supporters -- threatened to escalate the violence . "  We can destroy any assault with the people 's will , with the armed people , " he said . "  And when it is necessary , the weapons depots will be open to all the Libyan people to be armed . " At that time , he continued , "  Libya will become a red fire , Libya will become an ember . " He vowed to overcome what he described as external forces attempting to take down his nation . "  We will defeat any foreign attempt like we defeated them before , like we did with the Italian colonization , like we did with American airstrikes . " But he presented a carrot with his stick , offering to increase state salaries by 150 % and to give $ 400 to each family . Earlier , Gadhafi 's son said his father has no intention of stepping down . Asked if Gadhafi has a "  Plan B " to leave Libya , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi told CNN Turk : "  We have Plan A , Plan B , Plan C. Plan A is to live and die in Libya . Plan B is to live and die in Libya . Plan C is to live and die in Libya . " He said he hoped Libya would emerge from the crisis united . "  I am sure Libya will have a better future , " he said . "  However , such a strong state as we are , we will never allow our people to be controlled by a handful of terrorists . This will never happen . " But global leaders were meeting Friday to talk about what kind of pressure can be brought on Gadhafi to surrender control and limit the humanitarian consequences . White House press secretary Jay Carney said Washington was suspending embassy operations in Tripoli and pursuing sanctions . "  It has been shuttered , " he told reporters about the embassy . But State Department officials said they still have channels through which they can still communicate with the Libyan government . Libyan employees were remaining at the embassy , said Under Secretary ofState for Management Patrick Kennedy . "  The flag is still flying . The embassy is not closed . Operations are suspended , " he said . "  Relations are not broken . " The charge d'affaires at the embassy , Joan Polaschik , expressed relief that she and other Americans had left . "  It 's a very dangerous and fluid situation , " she told CNN in a telephone interview from Istanbul , Turkey . But she praised the Libyan forces who were charged with providing security for the embassy . "  They stayed with me till the bitter end , " she said . The United Nations Security Council discussed a proposed draft resolution that would impose new sanctions on Libya . They include an arms embargo , asset freeze and a travel ban . The draft also refers Libya to the International Criminal Court . An Obama administration official involved in deliberations regarding sanctions told CNN that the Libyan government has said it has as much as $ 130 billion in reserves and another $ 70 billion in foreign assets held abroad . The legally binding resolution is backed by the possible threat of force but approval of such measures could be stalled by Russia and China , both unlikely to support military intervention . A vote on the resolution could occur Saturday . NATO Secretary-General Anders Rasmussen said the alliance has assets that can be used in this crisis and that it could "  act as an enabler and coordinator , if and when , individual member states want to take action . " Meanwhile , foreign nationals faced a "  massive challenge , " Rasmussen said , as they braved rough seas to escape the violence in the north African nation . A British ship left Benghazi -- the nation 's second-largest city -- with 207 people on board . A ferry carrying 338 people -- 183 of them Americans -- departed Tripoli Friday and arrived in Malta at night . "  I feel for the people who are still there and did n't get a chance to get out , because it 's chaos , " said Yusra Tekbalim , one of the passengers . She said she had remained hunkered down in her house for four days , during which she heard what sounded like machine-gun fire . "  I think that the Libyans know what this regime is capable of , but I think for the first time the world is actually seeing it , " she said . Another ferry arrived in Malta from Tripoli carrying more than 300 people , including 200 employees of Schlumberger , the oil and gas technology , and their families , a company spokeswoman said . Libya 's uprising , after four decades of Gadhafi 's iron rule , took root first in the nation 's eastern province . Benghazi and other smaller eastern towns are no longer within Gadhafi 's control . But closer to Tripoli , where the dictator maintains some support , protesters were still being met with brute force . The city of Zawiya -- about 55 kilometers  35 miles  west of Tripoli -- was the epicenter of violent protests Thursday . Doctors at a field hospital said early Friday that 17 people were killed and 150 more wounded when government forces attacked . CNN could not confirm reports for many areas in Libya . The Libyan government maintains tight control of communications and has not responded to repeated requests for access to the country . CNN has interviewed numerous witnesses by phone . Anti-government forces said they had gained control of Zawiya as Gadhafi accused followers of Osama bin Laden of adding hallucinogenic drugs to residents ' drinks to spark the unrest . "  They put it with milk or with other drinks , spiked drinks , " he said Thursday in a telephone call to state television . The international fallout , like the protests , has also spread . Switzerland ordered Gadhafi 's assets frozen , the foreign ministry said . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Ben Wedeman , Saad Abedine , Richard Roth , John King , Whitney Hurst , Pam Benson , Ingrid Formanek and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Gadhafi offers to increase state salaries and give families money Libyan ambassador : "  It 's not a crime to say ' I want to be free ' " Ban : "  The violence must stop " U.S. suspends embassy operations in Tripoli
Like thousands of others , the graduate student from China crowded with friends around the finish line at the Boston Marathon to cheer on the runners . She had moved to the city in time for the fall semester , making friends and soaking up new experiences . The marathon was a chance to be a part of an annual ritual so cherished by Bostonians . And so she went Monday to Copley Square with two friends in tow . They were in the wrong place at the wrong time . Two bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other near the finish line , killing three . The graduate student was one of them . Who she was Boston University identified her on Wednesday as Lingzi Lu , a graduate student in mathematics and statistics . The second student was in stable condition at Boston Medical Center and the third student was not hurt , BU Today said . Her photos on Facebook show her enjoying a simple student life of home-cooked meals in modest surrounding , smiles over warm cups of coffee , laughs with friends . The day she died , she posted a picture of her breakfast to the Chinese social media website Weibo -- bread and a bowl of fruit . "  My wonderful breakfast , " she commented in English with a smiley face emoticon . Then an explosion After the two bombs ended the road race , Lu 's roommate posted a message on Facebook . "  God bless the Boston community , " wrote Li Jing , also from China . The blasts wounded 183 others . Profiles of the victims Li learned of that injury -- but did n't yet know her friend had died . "  I have been unable to reach her , " she wrote on her Facebook page . "  Everyone is very worried . I have reported this to BU Police . If anyone knows anything , please let me know . Thanks for everyone 's help . " Friends offered suggestions on how to find her . "  Li Jing , I am so sad for your roommate ... I will pray for her and pray for your soul , " one posted on Facebook . Death confirmed Boston University 's president announced the graduate student 's death in an open letter published Tuesday on the school 's website and confirmed that her friend was wounded . "  Our hearts and thoughts go out to the family and friends of both victims , " wrote college President Robert Brown . At first , the university declined to release Lu 's name at her family 's request , but the school later received permission from a family representative , BU spokesman Colin Riley said . The university established the Lu Lingzi Scholarship Fund in her honor , it announced Thursday . The Chinese consulate in New York issued a statement of condolence . In China , news of the death set off a wave of sympathy on social media sites . By Wednesday , netizens there had added more than 17,000 comments to the victim 's last Weibo post about her breakfast . "  Wish there 's no pain in heaven ! May the girl rest in peace ! " WenyiqingnianHarryChen posted . Tuesday evening , two university chaplains held a campus vigil for her and the other victims . It was followed by a town hall-style meeting for those in search of comfort and counseling . The graduate student died alongside Krystle Campbell , 29 , and Martin Richard , 8 . Her friend , Zhou Danling , is on her way to recovery at a Boston hospital . A love of math and chance Lu had worked hard to achieve . She won an academic scholarship to the Beijing Institute of Technology , where she received accolades for her math skills . She went on to Boston University to pursue that passion and was working on a master 's degree in statistics . She would have known how slim the chances were that something like this could happen in a crowd of thousands cheering the runners on a sunny day .	Lingzi Lu was a graduate student in math and statistics She had gone to the race with two friends The day she died , she posted a picture of her breakfast to a social media website
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- No pizza maestro worth his sauce will reveal his secrets . Not even if he 's 9 and hoisting up his apron so he does n't trip on it . "  I 'm going to have to know you better , " Johnny Di Palma says with a smile , as he sprinkles ingredients onto freshly tossed dough . "  And if I tell you , I 'll have to kill you . " It 's a Wednesday evening and the third-grader is where he usually comes after school -- Antico Pizza , the dream-come-true business established by his father , Giovanni Di Palma . The father/son duo moved from New York two years ago to start a unique pizza place , one that would reflect their family 's Italian roots . Four months ago , the restaurant on the west side of Atlanta , Georgia , opened its doors . In the large open kitchen , where patrons crowd to eat over large metal worktables , Johnny is at home . He does his schoolwork -- math is his favorite subject -- in the restaurant office . But otherwise he 's working the crowd in his signature newsboy-style hat , tossing and stretching dough  a skill he began developing at age 4  and making grown women swoon . "  He wanted to know if this was my first time here , " a 32-year-old woman gushes , her hand over her heart . "  Oh , he 's so cute . " Asked where he was born , Johnny , sporting a red kerchief around his neck , is quick to say Italy . But his father , standing within earshot , shakes his head and laughs . "  He thinks he was , " Di Palma , 45 , mutters . "  Little Italy , " in New York , "  is more like it . " Along one wall are the imported mixers and sacks of San Felice flour from Naples , where Giovanni Di Palma 's grandparents came from and where the family pizza-making tradition began . On the opposite side of the kitchen are three handcrafted ovens -- weighing in at 30,000 pounds -- that heat up to more than 1,000 degrees and bake a pizza to perfection in 60 seconds . Combining ancient Santa Maria brick with beds of volcanic rock from Mount Vesuvio and Sorrento stone , only seven of these Acunto Napoli ovens exist in the United States , Di Palma says . He has three of them . Propped atop each one is a patron saint , including above the center oven San Gennaro , the patron saint of Naples -- which is also the name of Di Palma 's signature pizza , one that includes sweet and spicy peppers from a location he refuses to name -- or rather , confirm . Johnny says they come from Sicily . His father counters with South Africa . Later , one of them says Morocco . The game of guarding a family recipe secret is one the boy knows how to play . If he had his way , Johnny might be hanging out to the sound of Green Day . But the songs that fill the Antico Pizza kitchen include Dean Martin 's "  In Napoli , " Frank Sinatra 's "  Isle of Capri " and Enrico Caruso 's "  O Sole Mio . " The maestros at the ovens get especially worked up during Gigi D'Alessio 's "  Napule " -- the song , about a guy making pizza , that 's used to pump up the Naples soccer team before games . Wearing a team jersey emblazoned on the back with his nickname "  Giggotto "  usually shortened to "  Gigi " or "  Gigo "  , Johnny grabs a 12-foot-long wooden paddle and maneuvers one of his pizzas into an oven . "  Maestro , bravo ! Gigo ! " his father calls out , while standing beside the woman he recently asked to marry him . Aleesha Hurd was studying to get her MBA at nearby Georgia Institute of Technology when she was introduced to this place . She walked into the under-construction kitchen for an interview , wanting to do some bookkeeping for Di Palma . "  I came in all Tahari-suited up , " she says , laughing at the memory . "  He asked me , ` You like pizza ? ' I said , ` No . ' " With that , she says , the interview stopped . Di Palma got to work in front of the ovens , then placed one of his creations before her . "  I ate the whole damn pizza myself , " she says , shaking her head . She was sold on the business , and even before the engagement she put school on hold to help make Di Palma 's dream happen . Telling her father she was dropping out to work at a pizza place did n't go over well at first , she says , but one trip down from his Ohio home and her dad understood . "  I thought I made a pretty mean pizza , " Albert Hurd said by phone . "  Then I go and see the place . ... I 'm watching these people come in . I just could n't believe how they kept coming . They came until they ran out of dough . " On Saturday nights , Di Palma says , they usually have to lock the door to new customers at around 7:30 p.m. It 's not just any pizza , and Johnny knows this , too . He 'd like to start a class to teach other kids how to make a proper pizza , and he grimaces and gives a thumbs-down at the mere mention of places like Domino 's and Papa John 's . But he also munches on prepackaged convenience store beef jerky while strolling past a bin of specialty dried aged beef fit for his father 's pizzas , and says of Wendy 's , "  They rock ! " He absently grabs a handful of fresh basil and pops it in his mouth as he talks about his favorite movies , "  a lot of blood and gore , " he says , his eyes lighting up . Later , while making a mask out of dough for a 7-year-old boy who 's in the restaurant to celebrate his birthday , Johnny blurts out , "  You ever hear of Jeffrey Dahmer ? That 's one of the coolest serial killers . " He rattles off his other hobbies -- skateboarding , soccer and his Xbox 360 included -- and boasts of other skills . Tossing mints in the air , he pumps his fist when he catches three in a row . "  My second-best talent is jumping two chairs in a row , the long way , " he says , minutes before grabbing hold of his flour gun . Yes , Johnny is there in the family restaurant , charming the patrons . But he 's also a boy who , frankly , can act like one . Taking -- and wearing -- handfuls of imported flour , he loads his weapon . Bam ! He blasts his uncle Giuseppe , visiting from out of town , in the back of the head . Poof ! He shoots a boy who 's dining with his family point-blank in the face . "  Hey Gigo , " his father calls out over the crowd and white cloud , "  it might be time to put the gun away . " Leaving the laughing boy customer behind , Johnny saunters off -- maybe to chat up several women who are smiling his way or , if he 's feeling it , to create the sort of pizza that would make his ancestors proud .	Boy , 9 , has been tossing pie , making pizza and guarding secrets since he was 4 Father-son duo opens Atlanta , Georgia , restaurant reflecting Naples , Italy , roots Son , who comes in after school , charms -- and sometimes terrorizes -- customers
London  CNN  -- Jasvinder Sanghera was eight years old when she was promised in marriage to a man she had never met . When , six years later , her mother showed Sanghera a photograph of her intended husband , the 14-year-old reacted with horror . The pressure on the youngster mounted as Sanghera 's Indian-born mother tried to involve her in the wedding arrangements . When she refused to marry the man , saying she wanted to finish her education in her hometown of Derby , in the English Midlands , her family held her prisoner in her bedroom until she relented , she said . "  In the end I said yes , but started to plan my escape , " Sanghera , one of seven sisters , recalled . Her parents released her , and she promptly ran away from home . She was just 15 years old . "  My mother told me I could n't come back until I agreed  to the marriage  or I was dead in their eyes . My family disowned me to this day . "  I 'd shamed them and dishonored them . I do n't talk to any of them any more . It 's been 29 years since then . " When Sanghera left , her younger sister had to marry the man to whom she had been promised . "  That was the only way -LSB- my parents -RSB- had to save honor , in their eyes , " she told CNN . Her parents , who have subsequently died , also forced her other sisters to enter into arranged marriages , she said . "  As a young person growing up in Britain , going to their houses , you 'd see horrific stories of them being beaten and abused , " she said . "  Yet my mother 's response was to tell them to stay there because it was their duty to make the marriage work for the sake of our honor . " Sanghera wept as she recalled the fate of one of her sisters , whom she said was beaten by her husband . "  She went to my family , for help . But at the age of 24 she set herself on fire and committed suicide . CNN 's attempts to locate the husband to seek comment have been unsuccessful . "  Her death was a time for me where I recognized just how important honor is to a family . " Sanghera added that for her parents , "  losing a daughter in such a horrific way " had dishonored them . Sanghera now uses her experience to campaign in British schools against arranged marriages and so-called "  honor " crimes , and has set up a network for victims , called Karma Nirvana . The charity , which is partly funded by the British government , takes 500 calls a month from both men and women who have concerns . Sanghera described the different kinds of people who ring : "  Typical calls include a teacher having to deal with an eight-year-old girl saying I 'm going to Pakistan to get married . Our call handlers are trained to handle this . "  Many professionals are trained to be culturally sensitive in Britain , but this means we have to help them overcome their fears of being called a racist , because that is what perpetrators will use to get them to turn a blind eye . " The issue of killing people to preserve a family 's honor was brought to wider attention earlier this year when three members of a family of Afghan immigrants were convicted in Canada for the killing of four relatives . The defendants were sentenced to life in prison . Two of them admitted during their trial they were angry about the victims ' western attitudes . Experts say the case has lifted the lid on just how common so-called "  honor " murders are around the world , and in places some would not suspect . "  It 's definitely a problem that happens in many different places : the Middle East , Pakistan , Bangladesh and among immigrant communities in North America , " said Nadya Khalife , a researcher on women 's rights in the Arab world for Human Rights Watch . Several Arab countries and territories , including Iraq , Kuwait , Syria , Yemen and the Palestinian territories , have laws providing lesser sentences for so-called "  honor " murders than for other murders , Human Rights Watch says . Egypt and Jordan also have laws that have been interpreted to allow reduced sentences for "  honor " crimes , the group says . Reliable figures of the number of honor murders are hard to come by , Khalife said , but she pointed to a United Nations Population Fund estimate of 5,000 per year . The triggers for an "  honor " crime can be varied . "  It can be anything that you take for granted , such as being a normal adolescent teenager or being a bit rebellious , " Sanghera said . "  That can be having your nose pierced , dyeing your hair pink , having a mobile phone , going on social networks -- these are the things that can be perceived as being dishonorable to a family that operates an "  honor " system . "  They are the things that can put a victim at risk of a forced marriage , ` honor abuse ' or even murder . I 've seen cases where girls have been murdered for passing their driving test , having aspirations after school , for being seen kissing a boy at a Tube station , asking for divorce . These are all triggers . " Experts say the practice should not be blamed on Islam . "  It 's not linked to religion ; it 's more cultural , " said Khalife . "  There have been several Islamic scholars who have issued fatwas against ` honor killing . ' " Islam does n't justify ` honor murders , ' experts insist Sanghera agreed , but said South Asian communities in Britain needed to do more . "  No religion , be it Islam or Sikhism supports this . In fact they support what I 'm saying , but those religious leaders do n't say that . "  I 'm not trying to embarrass those communities , but they should be ashamed because it is happening and they 're not taking a stand . " CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Jasvinder Sanghera ran away from home aged 15 to escape arranged marriage She said her parents disowned her to this day because she 'd "  shamed and dishonored them " Her sister committed suicide rather than marry man to whom she was promised Sanghera : Triggers can be trivial or serious ; religious communities doing little to tackle honor crime
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Accused investment swindler Bernard L. Madoff will plead guilty later this week to 11 counts that could bring a sentence of 150 years in prison , one of his attorneys told CNN . Bernard L. Madoff is charged in one of the largest investment fraud schemes on record . Prosecutors stressed that there is no plea deal and that Madoff , 70 , will have to forfeit any money he made from his crimes . "  The government has not entered into any agreement with Mr. Madoff about his plea or sentencing , " said acting U.S. Attorney Lev L. Dassin . "  The filing of these charges does not end the matter . Our investigation is continuing . " Madoff attorney Ira Lee Sorkin said his client has agreed to plead guilty to crimes including money laundering , perjury and fraud . Earlier , Sorkin and defense attorney Daniel Horowitz told CNN that Madoff was waiving his right to a grand jury indictment and that the defense team had been talking about a plea with government attorneys . "  We obviously have talked to the government , " said Horowitz . "  And we have been professional with each other . " Watch details of the plea agreement " Madoff is a former chairman of the NASDAQ stock market and founder of an innovative Wall Street trading firm that electronically matched buy and sell orders . He is accused of running a massive fraud , allegedly using new investment money from clients to fund other customers ' apparent gains . It was , "  basically , a giant Ponzi scheme , " Madoff said , according to the government 's criminal complaint . Follow the milestones in the case against Madoff " "  There is no innocent explanation , " Madoff told two FBI agents , according to the complaint , which states Madoff expects to go to jail . Madoff was charged in December with one count of securities fraud , which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison . He has remained out on $ 10 million bail , but is confined to his luxurious Upper East Side apartment . In court documents , prosecutors said Madoff had run his scheme "  from at least the 1980s until his arrest on December 11 , 2008 , ... by soliciting billions of dollars of funds under false pretenses , failing to invest investors ' funds as promised , and misappropriating and converting investors ' funds to Madoff 's own benefit . " The charges also say Madoff 's company , Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities  BLMIS  , claimed that as of November 30 , 2008 , it held 4,800 client accounts worth about $ 64.8 billion . "  In fact , BLMIS held only a small fraction of that balance on behalf of its clients , " the documents say . Madoff is scheduled appear at a plea proceeding on Thursday before U.S. District Judge Denny Chin . Chin also ruled Tuesday that Madoff can keep Sorkin on as his attorney after Madoff said he was satisfied the attorney was representing his interests despite potential conflicts of interest . Sorkin told the government he invested $ 18,860 with Madoff in the early 1990s through a retirement account that had been set up with his former law firm and was later transferred to another brokerage firm in 1995 . Also , Sorkin 's late father held an account with Madoff , the proceeds of which were eventually distributed to trust accounts for Sorkin 's two sons . Sorkin also has represented a Florida accounting firm , Avellino & Bienes , which invested with Madoff . Sorkin told CNN he has received death threats and anti-Semitic hate mail . CNN sent an e-mail to one of the originating electronic address but received no reply . "  These people need to take Civics 101 , " Sorkin told CNN . "  It is extremely disappointing that people who should know better have no understanding of the role defense lawyers play in preserving our system of justice . " The senders display a "  lack of understanding of the constitution and bill of rights and how it applies to everyone , " Sorkin added . "  As for the remarks I can only have sympathy for these people who treat this representation as some religious quest . "	Bernard L. Madoff has agreed to plead guilty to 11 counts in Ponzi scheme He faces 150 years in prison for money laundering , fraud and perjury Prosecutors wo n't confirm plea plans ; defense says it 's a done deal A hearing is scheduled Thursday ; former clients have been notified
Having a CT scan of the heart to check for heart disease ? You may want to ask how your hospital plans to conduct the test . A new study suggests that people who get the common heart test can get a dramatic range of radiation exposures . When cardiac CT angiography is used appropriately , the benefits far outweigh the risk of the radiation , experts say . In the study of 1,965 patients undergoing the CT scans  also known as cardiac CT angiography  , the median exposure was roughly equivalent to 600 chest X-rays , or about 12 milliSievert  mSv  of radiation , according to the report in this week 's issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association . Traditional angiography -- a technique in which a catheter is snaked though a blood vessel and dye is injected near the heart -- exposes patients to roughly half the dose of CT angiography , or about 5 -- 8 mSv , says study author Jorg Hausleiter , M.D. , of the University of Munich in Germany . It 's also about the same amount of radiation as other standard cardiac screenings , such as the nuclear stress test . There was a wide range of exposures in the study depending on the medical center and the way the tests were performed . The median radiation dose ranged from 4.6 to 30 mSv . About 80 percent of the centers studied used techniques to reduce radiation , such as adjusting the CT scan to the patient 's size  meaning smaller patients get less radiation  or precisely timing the radiation dose to a particular point in the heart rhythm  which shortens the duration of exposure  . Health.com : How to help your heart for better health Overall , the danger posed by radiation is very small , according to Hausleiter . Being exposed to 10 mSv increases an individual 's cancer risk by 0.02 percent , he says . However , the greater the exposure to radiation , the greater the risk . Watch Dr. Gupta talk about the cardiac CT scan " Nearly all of the 50 sites in the international study , which included sites in the U.S. , Canada , Europe , Asia , the Middle East , and Latin America , were making at least some effort to limit excess radiation . Other medical centers may be doing even less to cut down on radiation during the test , says Andrew J. Einstein , M.D. , Ph.D. , of Columbia University Medical Center , who wrote an editorial accompanying the study . "  Probably the group of centers which were studied in this paper are more sophisticated and more aware of radiation-reduction methods than your typical center that is performing cardiac CT angiography , " he says . According to Einstein , many other sites may not be using radiation-reduction techniques at all . When cardiac CT angiography is being used appropriately -- meaning , for example , in people with chest pain suggesting blocked heart arteries , rather than as a screening test for people with no symptoms of heart disease -- the benefits far outweigh the risk of the radiation , according to Einstein and Hausleiter . However , cardiac CT scans are often marketed directly to patients interested in finding out how much plaque they have in their arteries , even though there 's no evidence to show that this is an appropriate way to use the test , Hausleiter says . Health.com : 28 days , 28 ways to slash your risk of heart disease Critics of cardiac CT angiography question whether its benefits warrant its current widespread use and the amount of radiation exposure . In fact , on Monday the American Heart Association issued an advisory warning that imaging tests , including CT scans , be used cautiously to minimize exposure to radiation . In the new study , Hausleiter and his colleagues looked at patients who underwent cardiac CT angiography at 21 university hospitals and 29 community hospitals between February and December 2007 . They found some regional differences in radiation exposure ; for example , the median dose was three times higher in South America and Latin America than in Canada and the United States . More than 70 percent of the centers in the study were using electrocardiographically controlled tube current modulation  ECTCM  , which is currently the best-known strategy for reducing radiation dose . It involves timing the radiation beam to the diastole , when the heart is resting between beats . This is when the heart is the quietest , so it 's easiest to get a good image of the organ . Health.com : Tricks to lower blood pressure Another strategy involves using less energy  100 kV instead of the standard 120 kV  , which is effective but useful only for patients who are not obese . Finally , sequential scans take a series of pictures of the heart at the same exact point in the cardiac cycle , which also reduces radiation dose . This approach , as well as ECTCM , can be used only in people with slow , steady heartbeats . Another problem , Einstein noted , is that doctors often do n't know what a patient 's heart rate will be until he or she is on the table being readied for the scan . But the fact that centers were able to use at least one radiation-reduction technique in most patients "  should serve as a wake-up call to cardiac CT laboratories that do not routinely use these methods , " Einstein writes in his editorial . Health.com : I paid $ 450 to up my cancer risk Patients who undergo cardiac CT angiography are within their rights to ask about what strategies , if any , are being used to reduce radiation dosage , he said . "  I would not recommend anyone to have this test done without discussing it with their doctor first . It 's not something patients should be initiating on their own , " he adds . Caution is warranted not only due to the radiation exposure , according to Einstein , but also because the dye that must be injected into the veins to perform the test can cause kidney damage in some people . While a person 's doctor would be able to judge if he or she would be harmed by the dye and thus should n't have the test , he said , "  there are some sites that would be willing to perform this test on anyone . " David J. Brenner , Ph.D. , D.Sc. , of Columbia University 's Center for Radiological Research was not involved in the current study , but he coauthored a 2007 report warning that overuse of CT scans could contribute to excess cancer risks . He said that such CT scans are still controversial . New technology can decrease the radiation dose from cardiac CT scans , but as this study shows , "  It 's very variable from institution to institution -- in part because there is no regulatory body making sure that there is some degree of quality control , " says Brenner . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study finds dramatic range of radiation exposures for cardiac CT angiography Median exposure for the heart CT scan is roughly equivalent to 600 chest X-rays Several radiation-reduction techniques may be used , but protocol not standardized Increase in cancer risk is small , slightly more than 0.02 percent for median exposure
CNN  -- Andrea Sloan is dying of ovarian cancer . Having exhausted all standard treatment options , her doctors say her best hope now is a new class of cancer drugs called PARP inhibitors . The California pharmaceutical company BioMarin makes one version of these drugs called BMN 673 . Earlier this year , the company presented very early data on this experimental drug at a large cancer conference . Initial results in women with breast and ovarian cancer were encouraging . Sloan says there are doses of BMN 673 sitting on shelves in the same hospital where she 's seeking treatment : M.D. Anderson Cancer Center . But she 's not getting the treatment because the company is refusing to give it to her . That 's because this drug she wants is still in clinical trials , and the company says has n't been proven effective . BioMarin points out that to date their drug has been tested in fewer than 30 patients with ovarian cancer like Sloan . "  It would be unethical and reckless to provide end-stage refractory ovarian cancer patients outside a clinical trial with BMN 673 at this early stage of development , " says company spokesperson Debra Charlesworth . "  If we did , we would be exposing an experimental drug to a large group without adequate testing . There have been previous circumstances where early access to large groups has resulted in adverse consequences that were worse than the course of the disease . " But Sloan says she 's willing to accept the risks -- to roll the dice now that her doctors have tried everything else they can to save her life , including multiple rounds of surgery , chemotherapy , and radiation since she was first diagnosed with cancer in 2007 . And her doctor supports her . She has the help of a PR firm , working pro bono , to bring attention to her case , and a change.org petition for her cause has collected more than 150,000 supporters . It will likely be years before BMN 673 is on the market , but Andrea says she does not have that long to wait . PARP inhibitors work by preventing DNA repair in cancer cells , and are thought to work especially well in patients with a particular gene mutation . "  One of the reasons she 's such a great candidate for PARP inhibitors specifically is because she has a BRCA mutation , " says Dr. Charles Levenback , Sloan 's oncologist at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center . "  She has a hereditary form of ovarian cancer , so we believe she has a much better chance of responding to PARP inhibitors than patients with a nonhereditary type of ovarian cancer . " Levenback says Sloan does n't meet the eligibility requirements for any open clinical trials to the best of his knowledge . If she did , he would not be seeking compassionate use for his patient in the first place , he says . BioMarin is conducting more clinical trials , but in breast cancer only , not ovarian cancer . The standoff between Sloan and BioMarin raises the question : When should patients get access to experimental drugs ? Under "  Compassionate Use " or "  Expanded Access " , the Food and Drug Administration allows an unapproved drug still in development to go to a patient with few alternatives remaining , also absolving the drug maker of liability should the drug not work or cause harm . The FDA has said Sloan qualifies to seek compassionate use of BMN 673 , but BioMarin wo n't provide it and they do n't have to . "  You have the FDA saying , ` Look we 'll approve compassionate care . ' You have the doctor who is the specialist saying : ` This is the right thing to do . ' And you have a corporation protecting its wallet at the expense of Andrea possibly dying , " says Newt Gingrich , co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire , " who has been gathering support for Sloan 's case . "  If you want to know why big companies often get bad names , it 's explaining that clerical support to fill out FDA paperwork is too difficult when you can save a life . " BioMarin says it does provide "  expanded access " to patients for another drug which is further along in the clinical trial process , and that the company expects to spend $ 50 million or approximately 10 % of its revenue in 2013 on providing free drugs to patients . BioMarin also notes that other drug companies are developing PARP inhibitors too , so they 're not the only potential source for Sloan . The company points to an AstraZeneca clinical trial currently enrolling ovarian cancer patients , but Sloan 's doctor says she does n't qualify . "  We 're focused on BioMarin because initially that is the one that one of my doctors had the most direct experience with and recommended , " says Sloan , whose doctors at M.D. Anderson also participate in BioMarin 's clinical testing . "  The compassionate use policy exists for exactly this situation , and this is how patients lose : I lose if BioMarin is able to say ` Well you need to go ask for it from one of the other three ' , " says Sloan . Art Caplan , professor of Bioethics at NYU Langone Medical Center , says the scatter-shot way in which individual patients are left to petitioning drug companies for access to experimental drugs creates an unfair process . "  One problem in this country is we have n't set up a system . Right now what we 've got is a squeaky-wheel lottery ; if you can figure out what your options are , if you know how to use social media , if you know how to have a bake sale , if you can hire a PR firm -- you can have a shot at an unapproved drug , " says Caplan . "  But that 's all obviously inequitable relative to the number of people who might want to seek compassionate use . " Caplan says that without more safety and efficacy data on BioMarin 's drug , it 's too early in the process for a compassionate use exception for a different form of cancer than the one BioMarin is targeting . There 's still a big risk that the drug could harm Sloan , speeding her death , as much as it helps her , he says . Sloan 's doctor agrees the system needs changing . "  My own belief is that the drug companies , the manufacturers , the insurance companies , the providers like my hospital M.D. Anderson , the individual medical professionals , the investigators , the patients -- everybody wants the same things . Safe , effect , novel therapies for as many people as it 's appropriate for , " says Levenback . "  Even BioMarin , I believe . I do n't think this is like ` Let the masses eat cake . ' I think they 're on the same mission . But the whole system is giving this dysfunctional result . " Levenback says the window for Sloan is closing . If it 's going to be effective , she will need the new drug soon . Knowledge of that fact has put Sloan on a mission , and she says she 's not giving up .	Andrea Sloan , 45 , has ovarian cancer She is seeking "  compassionate use " of a new drug that 's not FDA-approved Sloan says she 's willing to accept the risks
CNN  -- A tennis player 's biggest challenge usually comes from the opposite baseline , but Alisa Kleybanova has taken on an opponent of an entirely different nature over the last 10 months . The former world No. 20 announced in July 2011 she had been diagnosed with Hodgkin 's Lymphoma , a form of cancer , after missing both the French Open and Wimbledon . The 22-year-old Russian made a successful return to the court at the Miami Masters on Tuesday after battling to overcome the disease . It was a fairytale return for Kleybanova , who was handed a wildcard for the U.S. hard-court tournament , as she came from behind to record a 2-6 6-3 6-2 first-round win against 64th-ranked Swede Johanna Larsson . . Venus Williams vows to rise again "  The first match back from anything is always difficult , but especially this time I really had no idea how it was going to be out there , " Kleybanova told the WTA 's official website . "  Tennis-wise I felt pretty good from the beginning but Johanna has a difficult game to play against , she makes you run a lot out there -- she makes you tired even if you 're in your best shape . " Kleybanova , who will face 20th-seeded compatriot Maria Kirilenko next , said fighting the illness has given her a different perspective on the sport . "  I 'm looking at my matches differently now , " she said . "  It 's my work , but I really just wanted to enjoy every point and every moment . "  Even when I lost the first set I wanted to stay positive and just enjoy myself out there , and that 's why I was able to stay out there and change the way the match was going . "  It 's not just about the win though , it 's that I 'm back on court . If I did n't win , it 's not like I would have been mad . I was just happy to be playing points , feeling all the emotions again ... it 's something I missed a lot and it was all out there today . " It was also a memorable occasion for Kleybanova 's coach Julian Vespan , who she described as her "  best friend . " "  Of course he 's very , very happy I won , but he 's also my best friend and he feels happy when I feel good and when I 'm smiling . He just wants me to be happy . When he saw me enjoying myself again he was very happy for me . "	Alisa Kleybanova wins on her return to tennis at the Miami Masters The Russian had been out for 10 months battling Hodgkin 's Lymphoma The 22-year-old battles to a three-set victory over Sweden 's world No. 64 Johanna Larsson Kleybanova has won two WTA titles during her nine years on the circuit
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The only surviving suspect in last month 's attacks in Mumbai has written a letter to the Pakistan High Commission , or embassy , seeking legal aid , CNN 's sister network in India reported Saturday , quoting a Mumbai police official . Flames and smoke gush from the Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai , India , on November 27 . Investigators said that Mohammad Ajmal Kasab is from Faridkot village in the Okara district of Pakistan 's Punjab province and that the other nine attackers also are from Pakistan . Pakistani officials have denied that assertion , blaming instead "  stateless actors . " Rakesh Maria , Mumbai 's joint police commissioner of crime , said Saturday that Kasab 's three-page letter was written in Urdu . In the letter , Kasab confesses his role in the attacks , CNN-IBN said . The letter is to be delivered to the commission 's New Delhi , India , office , possibly Monday , the network reported . Maria paraphrased parts of the letter at a news conference but did not release a copy to the media , CNN-IBN said . More than 160 people were killed in the three-day Mumbai siege that started November 26 and targeted 10 sites , including two luxury hotels , a train station and other landmarks . Of the 10 suspects , only 21-year-old Kasab survived , according to police . This week , Pakistani authorities banned a charity linked to the attacks and placed its leader under house arrest , Pakistan 's information minister told CNN . The move came after the U.N. Security Council designated the charity , Jamaat-ud-Dawa , as a terrorist organization because of its links to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba  known by the acronym LeT  and placed sanctions on the group . India has blamed LeT for training the attackers who carried out the Mumbai attacks .	Mohammad Ajmal Kasab is only surviving suspect in last month 's attacks He is from Pakistan 's Punjab province , investigators say Mumbai official says Kasab wrote to Pakistani embassy seeking legal aid His letter also includes a confession , police official says
CNN  -- Health care reform should mean all Americans can get coverage while allowing doctors to heal patients instead of being bureaucrats , President Obama told the American Medical Association on Monday . The AMA agrees with Obama on the need for health care reform but not how to go about it . In a speech to the 158th annual meeting of the doctors ' advocacy organization , Obama called an overhaul of the ailing health care system the most important issue for the nation 's long-term economic stability . He acknowledged the concerns of doctors that reforms could bring a government-heavy system that would dictate how patients get treated and how much physicians get paid . But he called such thinking wrong . Obama urged all players -- doctors , patients , insurance companies , drug companies and the government -- to contribute to a workable system that would provide coverage for the 46 million uninsured Americans while reducing costs and increasing efficiency . "  You did not enter this profession to be bean-counters and paper-pushers , " Obama said to a standing ovation at the conference in Chicago , Illinois . "  You entered this profession to be healers , and that 's what our health care system should let you be . " Obama has made health care reform a top priority of his young administration , and Congress will consider at least three proposals in coming weeks to address an issue that deeply divides Democrats and Republicans . Watch Sen. John McCain discuss health care reform " The AMA represents a powerful constituency of U.S. physicians , and its support is considered important in getting a bill through Congress . Dr. J. James Rohack , president-elect of the AMA , welcomed Obama 's speech for acknowledging the challenges facing doctors , including excessive bureaucracy , the threat of malpractice lawsuits and medical students ' debt burdens . The president 's 50-minute speech detailed the problems of the U.S. health care system and presented his plans for confronting them . He blamed some of the spiraling costs on a reimbursement system that he said pays for the number of tests and services provided , regardless of what is needed . "  It is a model that rewards the quantity of care rather than the quality of care ; that pushes you , the doctor , to see more and more patients even if you ca n't spend much time with each ; and gives you every incentive to order that extra MRI or EKG , even if it 's not truly necessary , " Obama said . "  It is a model that has taken the pursuit of medicine from a profession -- a calling -- to a business . " He also cited unnecessary tests and procedures as part of a "  defensive " medicine culture created in part by the risk of medical malpractice lawsuits . To loud applause , he said ending unnecessary procedures could require restrictions on malpractice liability to protect doctors . "  I 'm not advocating caps on malpractice awards , which I personally believe can be unfair to people who 've been wrongfully harmed , but I do think we need to explore a range of ideas about how to put patient safety first , how to let doctors focus on practicing medicine , how to encourage broader use of evidence-based guidelines , " Obama said . Watch the Health and Human Services chief talk about the administration 's plan " Rohack called for a "  safe harbor " for doctors to determine treatment , warning that "  unless we have protection in a courtroom for not ordering a test , we 're going to order that additional test . " Obama 's speech advocated an end to health care insurance providers denying coverage for pre-existing conditions , with an emotional reference to his mother 's battle against cancer amid concerns of whether her treatment would be covered . "  Changing the current approach to pre-existing conditions is the least we can do -- for my mother and every other mother , father , son and daughter who has suffered under this practice , who 've been paying premiums and do n't get care , " he said to another ovation . Any health care bill must include measures to modernize record-keeping with an electronic system that reduces paperwork and increases efficiency , and to emphasize preventive treatment to reduce overall illness and chronic conditions that sap the health care system , Obama said . He defended his call for a government-funded health insurance option for people who are uninsured or can not afford full coverage . Obama repeated a promise that reforms will not require anyone to change from existing coverage but said an overhaul should include mandates for individuals to obtain coverage or employers to provide it . A proposal from Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , a longtime health care reform proponent , includes a public option as one choice for consumers . Republican leaders adamantly oppose any public option , complaining it would lead to an eventual government takeover of health care similar to the cradle-to-grave coverage in Canada and England . Kennedy 's health-care bill would cost $ 1 trillion over a decade and reduce the number of uninsured by about 16 million , according to a preliminary analysis released Monday on the the unfinished bill . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , which examined the unfinished bill with the the help of the Joint Committee on Taxation , said that the health-care bill would cost about $ 1 trillion over fiscal years 2010 to 2019 . The AMA acknowledges the need for reforms but opposes any public option plan that forces physicians to participate , expands the fiscally challenged Medicare program for senior citizens or pays Medicare rates . Obama outlined a series of steps to lower current costs and raise taxes to pay for an overhaul of the health care system . His actions would realize almost $ 1 billion over the next 10 years in cost reductions , new revenue and other funding , which is roughly the amount that health care reforms would cost , the president said . His plan includes reducing tax deductions for high-income Americans . Another funding idea under consideration is taxing the medical benefits of employer-provided health coverage , which the Obama administration opposes but has not ruled out entirely . Watch more about who pays for health care " A national survey released last week by Diageo/Hotline found that 68 percent of those questioned opposed taxing health insurance benefits to provide funding for the enormous cost of expanding health care coverage to all Americans . Possible alternatives to a public health insurance option include private cooperatives , like electricity cooperatives , owned and paid for by communities that would compete with existing insurance programs . Supporters say such a program would require initial government support , but eventually would provide the kind of competition Obama seeks without creating a new government bureaucracy . Watch Rep. Ron Paul weigh in on health care reform " Obama said Monday that the nation is ready to overhaul the health care system after decades of debate with no substantive action . "  What makes this moment different is that this time -- for the first time -- key stakeholders are aligning not against , but in favor of reform , " he said . "  They are coming together out of a recognition that while reform will take everyone in our health care community doing their part , ultimately , everyone will benefit . " As Obama spoke to doctors in Chicago , Senate Republican leaders in Washington intensified their attacks on the proposals , with one predicting "  momentum will inevitably slow " as Americans learn the details of the complicated overhaul . Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona , the No. 2 Republican in the Senate , also said it 's "  fairly unlikely " Republicans will back a Finance Committee bill that has been seen as the most likely measure in Congress to gain bipartisan support . In speeches and press events on Capitol Hill , Republican leaders highlighted controversial aspects of the proposals that have drawn criticism from key doctor and hospital groups . "  Over the weekend , the administration proposed making cuts to Medicare as a way of deferring costs of a new government plan . That is exactly the wrong approach , " Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said in speech on the Senate floor . "  America 's seniors expect Congress to stabilize Medicare so it continues to serve their needs , not drain its resources to pay for another even bigger government plan . " Kyl said Obama 's proposals would lead to higher taxes , rationing of health care and too much government control of a sector that needs vibrant private sector involvement to thrive . Kyl and McConnell introduced a bill Monday that would prevent the government from using comparative medical analysis to ration health care . The stepped-up criticism came days before two Senate committees begin the process of formally passing their bills . While GOP support for the Obama reforms has never been strong , Democrats have been negotiating with Republicans for months in hopes of bringing some on board . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : AMA official welcomes speech , calls for malpractice protection for doctors President calls for insurers to stop denying coverage for pre-existing conditions He also wants modernized record-keeping , cut in paperwork , increased efficiency AMA agrees nation needs health care reform , is unsure about public option plan
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Massive downpours in South Korea -- the heaviest rains in a century -- are blamed for 35 deaths , according to the country 's Central Disaster Relief Agency . Heavy rain was still falling Thursday morning across parts of the country . It was raining in some areas around Seoul at a rate of two inches an hour  50 millimeters an hour  and was expected to continue Thursday . The most recent numbers released by the Central Disaster Relief Agency indicated that much of the death toll comes from landslides triggered by the rain . In Chuncheon , 13 people were killed by landslides , while 15 were killed by the same phenomenon in Seoul . Five people were still missing , the agency said . Five neighborhoods on the outskirts of Seoul were under evacuation orders . But officials were able to restore electricity to many thousands of homes that had lost power . Earlier , there were 116,000 homes without power , said the agency . Early Thursday , that number stood at 1,190 . Earlier , the agency warned that hundreds of families had lost their homes . The weather caused major traffic disruptions across portions of the country as well . The Korea Meteorological Agency issued a special heavy rainfall alert for cities in the center of the country . The forecast called for the downpour to continue at a rate of 60 millimeters  2.4 inches  per hour over the next day . South Korea typically experiences a rainy season during the summer .	NEW : Rain falling at a rate of 2 inches an hour in some areas Agency says 35 dead after downpours and landslides Five neighborhoods outside Seoul are under evacuation orders Officials have been able to restore power to thousands
The recent Ebola outbreak is becoming an issue in the competitive midterm elections . Top Democratic and Republican campaign officials in Washington are uncertain about the political ramifications of Ebola 's arrival in the U.S. and are grappling with how to respond . But Republicans are seizing on the issue as an opportunity to again make the case that President Barack Obama is n't leading effectively . They 're highlighting Obama 's recent assurance that Ebola was "  unlikely " to get to the U.S. and calling for the U.S. to impose new travel restrictions for those countries in Africa where the outbreak began . It 's all part of an effort to force their Democratic opponents to defend Obama 's response to Ebola . GOP officials have reason to believe their line of attack will resonate with voters . CNN has learned from sources at the NRSC , the national campaign organization for Senate Republicans , that the group 's internal polling finds 60 percent of voters believe that if a single case of Ebola arises in the U.S. , it should be treated as a major crisis by the federal government . "  Washington is broken , " claimed an NRSC email . "  The top-down approach championed by Democrats for decades  and controlled by them at the federal level in Washington  has shown itself to be completely unprepared and ill-equipped for 21st Century challenges . " Democrats have been supportive of the administration 's efforts , but are pushing for a coordinated effort with other countries to prevent further spread of Ebola . Still , GOP candidates have picked up on the message . Michigan Republican Senate candidate Terri Lynn Land Friday called for a travel ban or other restrictions to ensure more infected people do not enter the country . "  I 'm a mom . I have kids . People are concerned . Again , this is a safety and security issue , " Land told Michigan Public Radio . She called on the president and her opponent , Democratic Rep. Gary Peters , who she is trailing in most polls , to outline a federal response . "  The President needs to lead , " Land said . "  Congressman Peters needs to lead -- to come up with a plan to make sure we can deal with this . " A spokeswoman for Peters told CNN that Land is "  desperate . " "  It is sad Terri Lynn Land is now so desperate that she 's trying to use a deadly virus as a political issue , and it 's shameful , " spokeswoman Haley Morris said . "  Before playing politics with such a serious issue , Terri Lynn Land should explain why she pushed for the government shutdown last year , which hampered the CDC and our nation 's emergency readiness . " In North Carolina , Thom Tillis , who is trying to unseat Democrat Kay Hagan in one of the most closely watched Senate races this year , also called for a travel ban from West African countries . "  It 's time for Washington to take action to protect the American people , " said Tillis , who many recent polls show is narrowly trailing Hagan . A Hagan spokeswoman responded that Tillis 's approach would not do enough . "  Kay believes the U.S. should work together with the international community to take a wide range of steps to fight this epidemic and prevent it from spreading , " Sadie Weiner said in an email . "  Travel restrictions may be one tool we can use , but they should be part of a broader strategy because simply sealing the borders to these countries wo n't make the crisis go away . " As far back as August , Arkansas Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor tried to use the issue of Ebola against his opponent , GOP Rep. Tom Cotton . In a campaign ad , Pryor accused Cotton of voting against a 2013 bill that included money to respond to pandemics . But Cotton did support the final version that became law , according to an analysis by Politifact . On Friday , Cotton signed a letter to Obama with fellow House Republicans from Arkansas urging him to consider a ban on flights to affected countries . "  The quality of our hospitals , we well as our talented doctors , is undoubtedly a draw for people with the means and will to come to the U.S. -- sometimes because exposure to Ebola in their own country and in spite of the risk to the health of Americans , " the GOP congressmen wrote . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Friday that at this point , the Administration is not considering imposing any travel ban . In an interview on CNN Friday , the number two official with the Senate GOP campaign arm , Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio , said the U.S. needs to be "  more aggressive " in screening people coming to the country and pointed to recent report that said the Department of Homeland Security is not equipped right now to deal with a pandemic . "  I do n't think we 're prepared as we should be , " Portman said . "  I think this is another example where the administration was not as engaged early on as they should have been and now we 're playing catch-up . " Aides for both the House GOP and Democratic campaign committees tell CNN Ebola has not cropped up in House races at this point . But that could change as political campaigns in recent weeks have been quick to focus their messages on issues that are on voters ' minds . Soon after questions were raised about Obama 's response to the terror group ISIS , and public opinion polls showed Americans were increasingly worried about an attack at home , Republican candidates began bringing up the issue . The National Republicans Congressional Campaign Committee rolled out television commercials suggesting several Democratic candidates did n't support funding to respond to terrorists threats and they were "  dangerous . " And though Congress is in recess for the final stretch before the midterm elections , a House committee announced on Friday that it will hold a hearing on the Ebola outbreak on Oct. 16 .	Republicans are seizing on the Ebola issue to make a case against Democrats Michigan GOP Senate candidate : Obama "  needs to lead " Congress will hold an Ebola hearing on Oct. 16
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Egypt 's Economic Concerns Egypt 's revolution struck a hammer blow to the nation 's economy . More than a year later , the outlook is starting to look more positive with holidaymakers returning to the country . But some in the tourism industry remain worried . They fear the growing influence of Islamists in the government may lead to strict rules like the ban of alcohol . MME takes a closer look at Egypt 's wine-making industry . FACETIME : Adel Ali , Air Arabia CEO The UAE is home of the region 's first low-cost airline -- Air Arabia . Operations began in 2003 and now other low-cost carriers have come onto the market . Air Arabia now has a fleet of 30 planes despite high fuel costs . MME sat down with the CEO , Adel Ali . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1545 , Fridays : 0845 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1545	Egypt 's tourism industry seems to be improving as tourists return to the nation There are concerns the government might impose strict rules like the ban of alcohol MME sits down with Air Arabia CEO Adel Ali to discuss the low-cost carrier 's expansion
CNN  -- In much of the northeastern quadrant of the United States , the past few days have seen the coldest weather in about 20 years . The Midwestern lows have been dangerously , frighteningly low . Near the coast , the weather is slightly less cold , but wilder . At 7 yesterday morning , the temperature outside here in New York City was 53 degrees Fahrenheit . This morning as I write , it 's 4 degrees -- that 's 49 degrees different . The numbers are indeed extreme . But in a larger sense , the current situation in the atmosphere is the norm -- just more so . Most of the United States lies in the midlatitudes . That means , between the tropics and the pole . We get our weather from both directions . Cold arctic air and hot tropical air ca n't easily mix together to make lukewarm air , because the earth 's rotation deflects them sideways . The result is the jet stream , a very fast air current that blows from west to east at about the altitude  coincidentally  that jet planes fly , along the top of the boundary separating warm from cold . Sometimes our Northern Hemisphere weather maps show two jet streams , one north of the other . The northern one makes a loop around the pole with the coldest air inside . This cold air mass with the jet around it is what is being called the "  polar vortex " in recent media stories . But the cold and warm air ca n't stay apart forever . The jet undulates , forming giant loops and eddies the size of one or more American states . These are high - and low-pressure systems . They stir the atmosphere around on a giant scale . They can move the air north or south fast enough that it brings some of the climate of the latitude from which it came . Warm moist air coming north ahead of low pressure swirls around cold air plunging south behind it . Where they meet at the ground , temperature contrasts sharpen yet further as cold and warm are squeezed together along fronts . This is the normal state of affairs here in the midlatitudes . Our weather is always a study in contrasts , especially in winter . It 's just a more extreme contrast right now -- the jet is more distorted , the cold air plunging down harder against the warm . To be fair , one could say that any severe weather event is just an extreme case of normal weather . In a cosmic sense , Typhoon Haiyan or Superstorm Sandy were also just examples of the atmosphere going about its rounds . It 's when the extremes happen to strike people that we have a disaster -- and this cold event , too , is having serious consequences . The difference is that Haiyan and Sandy produced conditions that were extreme by the standards of anywhere on earth . These low temperatures , on the other hand , are normal for the Arctic Circle . What makes this event extreme is not that the cold air exists at all , just that it 's roaming a little farther than usual . Why did it happen ? With single weather events , as with single stock market fluctuations or single football scores , we can find proximate causes -- things that happened just before that seemed to cause the event . We often ca n't go beyond that , and not just because our abilities are limited . The atmosphere is inherently chaotic and unpredictable , to the point that larger causes for single events really ca n't be ascribed meaningfully . And , of course , the weather will change again quickly . But there can be larger causes for gradual changes in the probabilities that certain types of events will occur . Global warming is one such larger cause . Of course , the cold snap which the current jet distortions have brought us does n't contradict the fact of warming . It 's the exception that proves the rule . This is the coldest weather in about 20 years . But it has happened before , and cold weather is happening less often overall . As stated in the latest report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , it is "  virtually certain " that daily minimum temperatures  as well as daily maximum temperatures  over land have increased since 1950 . Globally , 2013 saw the warmest November in recorded history , and in recent times high-temperature records have been repeatedly broken much more often than low-temperature records . But low-temperature records will still fall sometimes -- when the jet 's wiggles happen to bring cold polar air to somewhere farther south than usual , or bring it faster than usual , before the sun can warm it . Some scientists argue , in fact , that global warming may actually cause this to occur more often . The argument goes like this : A basic feature of global warming is that we expect the poles to warm more than the lower latitudes . Indeed , the North Pole is observed to be warming faster than anywhere else , melting sea ice .  This much is indisputable .  Since our cold snaps are just deliveries of polar air , we might expect them to get less cold . Most of the time they do , hence long-term warming . But because the overall midlatitude temperature contrast has weakened , the jet stream weakens with it . The weakened jet , the argument goes , starts to wobble and meander even more than before . The deliveries of cold air can come faster , or from farther north , than they used to on these bigger meanders . This can overcompensate , at times , for the overall warming . This argument has been strongly questioned by other scientists , including myself . It is certainly counterintuitive , in that it implies that weaker temperature contrasts globally cause stronger temperature contrasts locally . I do n't think the research to date justifies such a conclusion . But the research on both sides is all still new and hotly debated . Events like the current one highlight some of what we still do n't understand about the relationship of long-term climate changes to short-term extreme weather . We do understand the basics , though . On average , the high temperatures are getting higher , and the lows are getting higher too . Global warming is as real and serious as ever , it 's just exceedingly gradual compared with the dramatic temperature swings that are still part of living in midlatitudes in winter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adam Sobel .	Adam Sobel : We 've seen coldest weather in about 20 years in much of the U.S. He says the fluctuations of normal winter weather patterns are to blame Sobel : The effects of global warming are seen in more frequent high temperatures Global warming is real and serious , but it 's more gradual than seasonal shifts in climate , he says
CNN  -- One thing did shock me on my visit to Iran last month : the immigration officer at Tehran Airport smiled as he stamped my passport . This rare travel incident set the tone for the rest of my trip . You would n't know it for all the diplomatic sound and fury that surround the country , but possibly the most exceptional thing about Iran compared with the other Middle Eastern countries I 've been to -- and I 've visited them all , as a roving travel correspondent and Middle East specialist -- is how almost manically welcoming everyone is . Other than that , its extraordinary archaeological wealth , palaces dripping with former regal indulgence , elaborate Islamic gardens and urban skylines bristling with minarets deserve to place it alongside Turkey and Dubai on the international tourist circuit . Whether the election of Hassan Rouhani to the presidency earlier this month will spur more travel to the country remains to be seen , but his moderate political stance at home and abroad at least bodes well for tourism . Sharia immersion Sure , there are things you might not be used to in Iran . The country follows Sharia law , of course , but it 's not as sinister as some people think . Women must cover their heads with a shawl  including in the photo they send in with their visa application  and alcohol is prohibited . But most of the obstacles to travel in Iran arise before you get there . No doubt your acquaintances will try to put you off , for a start , made wary by the overwhelmingly tense news that emanates from the country . Tourist visas , too , can take up to a month to obtain . On the bright side , most are -- eventually -- issued without question . Then there are the typically dire but , in my experience , exaggerated Western government travel advisories on the country . Curiously , while Britain advises "  against all travel " to Iran , the U.S. State Department merely suggests its citizens "  carefully consider the risks " of a trip . Those ultra-cautious advisories , like an overprotective aunt , also risk invalidating your travel insurance -- so be sure to check the fine print of your policy if you have one . But perhaps the greatest risk of visiting this member of the former "  axis of evil , " as George W. Bush memorably described it , is being profiled by your own government . Zoroastrian fire temple Am I putting you off yet ? Well , let 's consider what you 'll miss out on if you do n't one day slot Iran into your travel itinerary : most travelers who do take the plunge come away raving about the place . Among the highlights of my recent visit was the Zoroastrian fire temple in the city of Yazd , whose flame is said to have burned since 470 AD . Nearby , I climbed to the hilltop Tower of Silence , where the Zoroastrian dead were picked clean by vultures to avoid contaminating the earth right up until the 1960s . Then there 's the National Jewels Museum  Ferdowsi Avenue ; +98 21 6446 3785  in Tehran -- where most travelers start their Iranian trip -- located in a vault beneath the Central Bank of Iran . Among its treasures are the 182-carat Darya-e Nur diamond , so chunky and iridescent it virtually constitutes its own light source . There , too , you 'll find the emerald , sapphire and pearl-studded Peacock Throne , stolen by one of the shahs from a Mughal emperor . Fancy a further glimpse of Iran before the January 1979 Islamic Revolution , which sent the last shah into exile and turned the country into one of the West 's biggest bad boys ? There 's the grand Golestan , Niyavaran and Sa 'd Abad palaces , unchanged since that seismic political event . They 're all worth visiting . What you wo n't find in Tehran are surly crowds chanting anti-Western slogans or hustlers similar to those cruising the streets of Cairo and Istanbul . Imam Square Isfahan is the next stop on many Iran itineraries , with its Imam Square said to be the second largest such urban space in the world after Tiananmen in Beijing . Facing this immodest expanse are the gloriously tiled Lotfollah and Shah mosques , the seven-story Ali-Qapu Palace and the entrance portal to the huge Bozorg Bazaar . Nearby , the 16th - and 17th-century frescoes of the Chehel Sotun Palace are alive with color and incident . Frescoes also illuminate the Vank Armenian Cathedral south of the Zayandeh River , itself crossed by three massive 17th-century stone bridges . In Shiraz , in south-central Iran , wine production may have dried up but some of the finest gardens , historic homes , mosques and markets in the country remain . Most people stop by Shiraz en route to ancient Persepolis , less than an hour to the northeast . The ruins of this ancient Persian capital , built by Darius the Great in 520 BC and sacked by the equally great Alexander 200 years later , were buried under sand until the 1930s and are well preserved . Darius and Xerxes A short drive from Persepolis is Naqsh-e Rostam , with the cliff tombs of the Persian kings Darius I and II , Xerxes and Artaxerxes . Finally , Yazd , on the Silk Road toward Central Asia , has one of the largest and best preserved medieval quarters in the Middle East . The portal of Jame Mosque  1324  is the highest in the country with towering twin minarets , a hallmark of the Shia faction of Islam . There , again , is that eerie Zoroastrian fire temple , with its apparently unquenchable flame . These sights stay with you as markers of a great , enduring civilization . But perhaps the most enduring memory is how universally friendly ordinary Iranians are . In a world in which jaded attitudes about tourists reach from Tenerife to Timbuktu , it may take a while before it stops feeling strange . David Stanley has written guidebooks for Lonely Planet and Moon Handbooks .	Travel to member of former "  axis of evil " may increase with election of new president Biggest surprise of Iran travel is people 's overwhelming friendliness Most obstacles to a visit arise beforehand -- visas can be slow Architectural and historic sights rank with Istanbul
CNN  -- I am a woman with chronic schizophrenia . I have spent hundreds of days in psychiatric hospitals . I could have ended up living most of my life on a back ward , but things turned out quite differently . In fact , I 've managed to stay free of hospitals for almost 30 years . This is perhaps my proudest accomplishment . That does n't mean that I have been free of all psychiatric struggles . For example , on my analyst 's announcing his planned retirement , I fell apart . My best friend , Steve Behnke , sensed that something was terribly wrong , and he came to New Haven , Connecticut , to see me . Quoting from some writings of mine : "  I opened the door of my studio apartment . Steve would later tell me that for all the times he had seen me psychotic , what he saw that afternoon shocked him . For a week or more I had barely eaten . I was gaunt , and moved as though my legs were wooden . My face looked  and felt  like a mask . I 'd pulled down all the shades , so the apartment was in near total darkness , the air fetid , the place a shambles . Steve , a lawyer and psychologist , has worked with many patients who suffer from severe mental illness . To this day he 'll tell me that on that afternoon I looked as bad as any he 'd ever seen . " ` Hi , ' I said , then returned to the couch , where I was silent for several minutes . ` Thank you for coming , Steve , ' I finally said . ` Crumbling world . Word . Voice . Tell the clocks to stop . Time is time has come . ' ... ` I 'm being pushed into a grave , the situation is grave , ' I moaned . ` Gravity is pulling me down . Tell them to get away . I 'm scared . I 'm scared . ' " Watch Elyn Saks ' TED Talk *** As a young woman , I was in psychiatric hospitals for three lengthy stays . Despite my diagnosis with schizophrenia and my "  grave prognosis " -- that I would live in a board and care facility and work at a menial job at best -- I am a chaired professor of law at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles , with a beloved husband , Will , and many good friends . I 'd like to tell you how that happened and describe my experience of being psychotic . I qualify that by saying my experience , because everyone becomes psychotic in his or her own way . One Friday night on the roof of the Yale Law School library I scared my classmates with a full-blown psychotic episode . Quoting from my writings : "  The next morning , I went to my professor 's office to ask for an extension , and began gibbering unintelligibly as I had the night before . He eventually brought me to the Emergency Room . "  Someone I 'll call just ` The Doctor , ' and his whole team of goons swooped down , grabbed me , lifted me out of the chair and slammed me down on a nearby bed with such force that I saw stars . Then they bound both my legs and arms to the metal bed , with thick leather straps . "  A sound came out of my mouth that I 'd never heard before . Half-groan , half-scream , barely human , and pure terror . Then the sound came again , forced from somewhere deep inside my belly and scraping my throat raw . " TED.com : Sherwin Nuland on how electroshock therapy changed him This incident resulted in my involuntary hospitalization . One reason the doctors gave for holding me against my will was that I was gravely disabled . Supporting this view , they wrote in my chart that I was not able to do my Yale Law School homework . I wonder what that meant for most of the rest of New Haven . During the next year , I would spend five months in psychiatric hospitals on the East Coast . At times , I spent up to 20 hours a day in restraints -- hands tied , hands and feet tied down , hands and feet tied down with a net tied tightly across my chest . I never struck anyone , I never harmed anyone , I never made any direct threats to anyone . I was lucky I was n't one of the one to three people who die in restraints each week . Today , I am pro-psychiatry and anti-force . I do n't think force is effective as a treatment . And I think using force is a terrible thing to do to another human being with a terrible illness . *** Everything about my illness says that I should n't be here . But I am . And I am , I think , for three reasons . First , I 've had excellent treatment , both psychoanalytic psychotherapy and medication . Second , I have many family members and close friends who know me and who know my illness . Third , USC Law School is an enormously supportive workplace which has been able not just to accommodate my needs , but to embrace my needs . Even with all of that -- excellent treatment , wonderful friends and family , enormously supportive work environment -- I did not make my illness public until relatively late in my life . And that 's because the stigma against mental illness is so powerful that I did n't feel safe with people knowing . If you hear nothing else today , please hear that there are not schizophrenics , there are people with schizophrenia . And each of these people may be a parent , may be your sibling , may be your neighbor , may be your colleague . TED.com : Jill Bolte Taylor 's stroke of insight *** I often get asked the "  magic pill " question : Would I take a pill that would instantly cure me ? The answer is a fast and emphatic "  yes . " That said , I do n't wish to be seen as regretting the life I could have had if I 'd not been ill . Nor am I asking anyone for their pity . What I rather wish to say is that the humanity we all share is more important than the mental illness we may not . What those of us who suffer with mental illness want is what everyone wants : in the words of Sigmund Freud , to work and to love . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elyn Saks .	Elyn Saks ' career as a law student was halted by schizophrenia She was institutionalized and doctors said she would at best hold a menial job Saks became a law professor , "  genius grant " winner and author She says she continues to cope with illness and urges people to overcome stigma
Hong Kong  CNN  -- It was 10 p.m. on Sunday and 22-year-old Michelle Li , a dancer , was supposed to be in her room doing homework . But when she saw mobile Facebook updates of police tear gassing pro-democracy protesters in downtown Hong Kong , she was too agitated to study . Grabbing her smartphone , she followed online postings to the protest site itself -- and soon had tear gas fired at her as well . Only then did she peel her eyes from her mobile device . "  While we were waging battle , we screamed out news to each other , " she tells CNN . "  But before and after , I 'd update people on the Internet . " It 's a high-tech response to a high-stress situation . Armed with top-of-the-line phones on some of the world 's fastest mobile networks , Hong Kong 's young protesters are able to organize themselves at a lightning pace older generations of activists could have only dreamed of . "  The Internet is a critical reason these protests have exploded so quickly and so out of control , " says Li . "  We all want instant news , and people are very unsettled . " Barely an hour after Li was sprayed by tear gas , many young people , clutching glowing smartphones , used group chat apps like WhatsApp and Firechat to set up a splinter protest some five kilometers  three miles  north of Hong Kong 's downtown Central district . Just before the clock struck midnight Sunday , at least 1,000 protesters -- many heeding messages that had been posted online just minutes before -- suddenly flooded the main road in Hong Kong 's Mong Kok shopping district , leaving police surprised and outnumbered . Then , in a coordinated move , dozens of young protesters parked vans and trucks in a tight formation , protectively surrounding protesters . The police seemed unable to respond , and withdrew from the scene . Along with many other parts of Hong Kong , Mong Kok remains occupied with protesters Monday evening . Crowd confusion As protesters develop new ways to organize themselves online , it 's become less clear who is leading . Last night , student protest leaders -- including high school striker Joshua Wong -- asked supporters to go home out of safety , but thousands of protesters continued joining protests after midnight . Rumors of an impending crackdown have also added to the confusion . One message forwarded to CNN contained a cell phone recording of a young man who claimed to be the son of a police officer . "  There will be 2,000 to 3,000 riot policemen tonight , " said the voice . "  Please spread this , just do n't quote my name . " Another image briefly sparked panic Sunday night , purporting to show Chinese military vehicles moving in toward the protest . They turned out to be photos from an unrelated date . To try and calm nerves , a group of 11 journalism students at the University of Hong Kong started a Facebook page with minute-by-minute protest updates that they claim to have verified . The page , launched less than 24 hours ago , already has over 70,000 followers . "  Not many of our friends really believe what they see on TV any more , " says Gloria Cheung , 23 , who helps run the Facebook page . "  But there are a lot of rumors causing panic on the internet . " "  Right now we just want to verify information , so people do n't get confused . " Locals are n't the only ones looking for news , though . One group of volunteers has used social media to translate protest updates into thirteen languages , using the hashtag #UmbrellaMovement -- a reference to the umbrellas used by Hong Kong 's protesters to shield against pepper spray . ` What 's terrifying is , we 're not scared ' Despite the sophistication of their tools and the efficiency of their actions , students like Cheung and Li share a sense that the world they know is falling apart . "  It 's such a shock for me and my friends , " says Cheung . "  We have been living such a normal , protected , and comfortable life in Hong Kong . We never thought there would be tear gas explosions . ' " Li says it 's frightening how quickly young people have adapted to chaos as a new normal . At first , she said her group of friends were scared of being arrested , then they were scared of pepper spray and then they feared being tear gassed . "  What 's terrifying is , we 're increasingly not scared -- and the police may have to deploy more terrible weapons to scare us . " The fear of bloodshed is perhaps felt most painfully by Hong Kong 's older generation , who still have memories of Tiananmen Square etched into their minds . Li plays a WhatsApp voice message she was forwarded last night , from her former high school teacher . "  Hello students , this is your teacher , I 'm safe right now , please do n't worry , " the woman says steadily . Suddenly , her voice wavers and cracks with emotion . "  But please , listen to me , do n't come out any more , you are just high school students . You should n't have to face these scenes , please go home . "  Because I do n't want anything to happen to you , " she continues , now crying . "  If you are at the protest right now and you can hear the sound of my voice , please leave immediately , because we just do n't know what 's going to happen next . "	Hong Kong 's youth protesters are using mobile apps to organize quickly Group messages help protesters regroup and relocate at lightning speed One group chat app , Firechat , has been downloaded 100,000 times Online rumors have caused some confusion
CNN  -- A three-judge federal appeals court panel Tuesday overturned a lower court 's order blocking key parts of a Texas law requiring doctors to provide a sonogram to pregnant women before they get an abortion , potentially clearing the way for enforcement of the law . In August , just before the law was set to take effect September 1 , U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks in Austin , Texas , found several portions of the law "  unconstitutionally vague , " and ruled it violated the First Amendment by compelling doctors and patients to engage in government-mandated speech . But a panel on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals vacated Sparks ' injunction against enforcing the law , saying opponents did not prove it violated the Constitution . The panel remanded the suit back to the lower court for further proceedings . As written , the law would require women seeking an abortion in Texas to view a picture of the embryo or fetus and hear a description of its development before having the procedure . Sparks ' injunction blocked Texas from enforcing any penalties against a doctor who failed to place sonogram pictures where a pregnant woman may see them , or does not make the fetus ' heartbeat audible . It also blocked penalties against the woman . A previous U.S. Supreme Court ruling in a Pennsylvania case "  held that the fact that such truthful , accurate information may cause a woman to choose not to abort her pregnancy only reinforces its relevance to an informed decision , " U.S. Circuit Judge Patrick Higginbotham wrote in a concurring opinion . "  Insisting that a doctor give this information in his traditional role of securing informed consent is permissible . " "  Today 's ruling is a victory for all who stand in defense of life , " Texas Gov. Rick Perry said in a statement . "  Every life lost to abortion is a tragedy , and this important sonogram legislation ensures that every Texas woman seeking an abortion has all the facts about the life she is carrying , and understands the devastating impact of such a life-ending decision . "  We will continue to fight any attempt to limit our state 's laws that value and protect the unborn , " Perry said . The suit was filed by the New York-based Center for Reproductive Rights . Nancy Northrup , the center 's president and CEO , said the court decision was "  extreme . " "  This clears the way for the enforcement of an insulting and intrusive law whose sole purpose is to harass women and dissuade them from exercising their constitutionally protected reproductive rights , " Northrup said in a statement . "  Until today , every court that has reviewed similarly intrusive laws have ruled the laws unconstitutional . " The law , she said , "  serves only to place multiple hurdles between women and the free and full exercise of their reproductive rights . " The center , she said , is evaluating "  all available means " to challenge the Texas law "  and all laws that seek to undermine women 's fundamental rights . " The bill generated some controversy in Texas , but easily passed through the state 's House and Senate , both of which are controlled by Republicans . The law says that at least 24 hours before an abortion is performed , women must undergo a sonogram , a procedure that uses ultrasound to create an image . The doctor is required to give , "  in a manner understandable to a layperson , a verbal explanation of the results of the sonogram images , including a medical description of the dimensions of the embryo or fetus , the presence of cardiac activity and the presence of external members and internal organs , " the law says . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : Abortion-rights group : Law is "  insulting and intrusive " The ruling clears the way for potential enforcement of the law Gov. Rick Perry hails the decision as a victory
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has done a U-turn over the use of goal-line technology and apologized to the English and Mexican football associations for controversial refereeing decisions in their last 16 defeats . FIFA confirmed to CNN Tuesday that the next meeting of its International FA Board from July 21-22 in Wales would discuss technology but the use of video replays is ruled out . Frank Lampard 's goal that never was as England trailed 2-1 just before halftime in their last 16 match against Germany , prompted widespread calls for the introduction of goal-line technology after his shot clearly crossed the line . In a later match on Sunday , Argentina 's Carlos Tevez scored a hotly-disputed opening goal against Mexico in their 3-1 victory and television replays , which were broadcast on big screens at the ground , showed him to be offside . Blog : Just give us truth , introduce goal-line technology Blatter told a media briefing in Johannesburg : "  It happened in 1966 and then 44 years later -- though it was not quite the same , " the UK 's Press Association reported . This was a reference to England 's disputed third goal against West Germany in the 1966 World Cup final where arguments have raged for years over whether Geoff Hurst 's shot crossed the line . "  I apologized to England and Mexico . "  The English said ` thank you and accepted that you can win some and you lose some , and the Mexicans bowed their head and accepted it . " But the Swiss is still set against the wider use of video technology where play might be stopped to allow a replay to be examined . "  The only principle we are going to bring back for discussion is goal-line technology , " he said Time for football to embrace technology ? "  Football is a game that never stops and the moment there was a discussion if the ball was in or out , or there was a goal-scoring opportunity , do we give a possibility to a team to call for replays once or twice like in tennis ? "  For situations like the Mexico game you do n't need technology . " Blatter added that the world governing body would launch a new drive to improve refereeing standards at the highest level later this year . "  We will come out with a new model in November on how to improve high level referees , " he said . "  We will start with a new concept of how to improve match control . I can not disclose more of what we are doing but something has to be changed . "	FIFA president Sepp Blatter says they will now consider use of goal-line technology Blatter apologizes to England and Mexico for refereeing decisions in their last 16 defeats Blatter rules out the wider use of video technology to help referees
CNN  Arizona investigators have released dramatic video of a Walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded , one man dead , and reportedly involved members of a Christian family band . Enoch Gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood , and suspect David Gaver , 28 , was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee . The police dashcam video , released Friday , shows Cottonwood Police approaching the group of eight people -- all identified as members of the Gaver family -- around a large SUV in a Walmart parking lot on March 21 . Officers wanted to question them about the alleged assault of a Walmart employee who was going into the store bathroom . The police were accompanied by another Walmart employee . On the video , an officer tells the group that they "  need to separate these folks and talk to them . " Someone then responds , "  No , you are not going to separate me from my parents , " and , "  do n't touch me . " The video then shows a police officer being put in a headlock and knocked to the ground . The sound of Taser fire is heard . Police say pepper spray was deployed and that at least three shots were fired in an apparent struggle for an officer 's gun . Several times on the video the group appears to surrender , but starts fighting again . The melee goes for several minutes until backup officers arrive and make arrests . Police charged four members of the family with assaulting an officer and resisting arrest . Two minors were also taken into custody and are being held at a juvenile detention facility . At least three members of the family are reportedly in a Christian band named "  Matthew 24 Now , " which is a Bible verse that refers to the end times , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . The family was living out of its Chevy Suburban . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Police questioned the group about an alleged assault of a Walmart employee A man put a police officer in a headlock and fighting broke out
New York  CNN  -- Lil ' Wayne was sentenced Monday to a year in prison . The rapper , whose legal name is Dwayne Carter , pleaded guilty in October to felony gun charges as part of a deal with prosecutors . The charges stem from his arrest in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater . According to police , Carter had a .40 - caliber pistol on his tour bus . His attorney said it belonged to someone else . His sentencing was delayed twice -- first so he could get dental work done , including removal of his diamond-studded braces , then because of a fire at a Manhattan courthouse . At Manhattan Supreme Court on Monday , the room was packed with onlookers , while more people crowded outside . Carter was offered the chance to make a statement but declined , shaking his head . His attorney requested that Carter have protective custody while he is incarcerated . The attorney also requested medical attention because of his recent dental surgery . As Carter was leaving the courtroom , a fan said to him , "  Keep your head up , Weezy , " using the rapper 's nickname . Another man wore a T-shirt that said "  Free Weezy . " Carter also faces felony drug possession and weapons charges in Arizona . Lil ' Wayne is a multiplatinum-selling and Grammy-winning rap artist . His hits include "  The Block is Hot " and "  Lollipop . " His album "  Tha Carter III " was the top selling disc of 2008 . His latest album , "  Rebirth , " was released last month . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	Lil ' Wayne , aka Dwayne Carter , pleaded guilty in October to felony gun charges Charges stem from his arrest in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater Lil ' Wayne is a multiplatinum-selling and Grammy-winning rap artist
CNN  -- The three Iranian security officers rang the doorbell , politely informed the man of his arrest , thoroughly searched the house , confiscated high-tech gear and books , and whisked him away to the nation 's notorious Evin Prison . The early Sunday morning raid took three hours . Now , every second seems like an eternity for the man 's anguished family members , praying for his physical safety , hoping for his release , and getting their heads around the prospect of a long stint in prison , his relatives told CNN . His family says the reason for his arrest is his religion . The man is one of 16 Baha'is swept away in raids on or after May 21 targeting educators dedicated to teaching members of their community who are denied entry to universities in the Islamic Republic of Iran . Of those 16 , nine have since been released . But this educator remains in prison , a Baha'i official told CNN . The crackdown is the latest example of the Shiite Muslim regime 's relentless persecution of those who adhere to a faith deemed heretical by the ruling ayatollahs . The Baha'i faith , founded during the 19th century in Iran and now with 5 million to 6 million adherents worldwide , is a monotheistic religion that focuses on the spiritual unity of humanity . The clerics who hold sway in Iran regard the Baha'i faith as blasphemous because its founder , Bahá ` u 'll áh , declared himself to be a prophet of God . Muslims believe the Prophet Mohammed was the last prophet of God . Iranian security officials in Tehran , Karaj , Isfahan and Shiraz raided as many as 30 homes of Baha'is who were part of the Baha'i Institute of Higher Education , or BIHE , established in 1987 to help their co-religionists get undergraduate and graduate degrees . More than a dozen people were arrested in the raids , the most sweeping against the education initiative since 1998 . "  The BIHE university was a cover for the propagation of the Baha'i faith and was used to trap citizens in the Baha'i spy network and to gather information from within the county , " the Iran Daily , an official government newspaper reported . "  Authorities have discovered Baha'i propaganda , CDs and books in the possession of those who have been arrested , " according to the newspaper . The raids have drawn condemnation from the Baha'is and other voices , including the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , an American government agency that monitors religious discrimination across the globe . "  The Iranian government will stop at nothing in its shameless persecution of the Baha'is in Iran , " said the commission 's chairman , Leonard Leo , in a written statement . "  It 's not enough that authorities already have a policy in place preventing Baha'is from attending Iranian universities -- the government is now systematically trying to dismantle the Baha'i community 's internal initiative to ensure that its youth have the opportunity to get an education beyond high school . " The 300,000-person Iranian Baha'i community has endured intensified persecution since the shah of Iran was toppled in 1979 . Since the Islamic regime took power decades ago , the U.S. commission says , 200 Baha'i leaders in Iran have been killed , more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs , and followers are forbidden to "  establish places of worship , schools , or any independent religious associations in Iran . " They are "  denied government jobs and pensions as well as the right to inherit property . Their marriages and divorces also are not recognized , and they have difficulty obtaining death certificates . Baha'i cemeteries , holy places , and community properties are often seized or desecrated , " the commission says . Baha'i spokesman Farhad Sabetan , who teaches economics at California State University , East Bay , said that while Baha'is are not allowed to serve as military officers , they were recruited to serve as low-level privates in the Iran-Iraq war . And since 2005 , around 400 Baha'is have been jailed arbitrarily , the U.S. commission said , including seven of the community leaders seized three years ago . "  It reminds one of what Hitler wanted to do prior to the extermination , " Sabetan said . That is a reference to the persecution and genocide of Jews under Adolf Hitler 's Nazi regime in Germany in the 20th century . As Baha'is were systemically banned from higher education , they developed the underground-style institute . Sabetan said that the thinking had been , "  Why ca n't we just start something ourselves ? " At first the classes were correspondence courses . Others were held in private homes , where dental students stood over kitchen sinks in denture-making lessons . "  It became a grass-roots homegrown development . " No one bothered the students and teachers at first as the group amassed volunteers , equipment and willing students . Its faculty comprised volunteer professionals who once taught in Iran but lost their jobs after the revolution because they are Baha'is . But about 10 years later , the crackdowns started . The power plays made no sense to Baha'is and seemed like oppression for oppression 's sake . Sabetan said one teacher told him that security officers "  destroyed everything " in a raid and did n't even have the good sense to confiscate the material for their own use . With the help of funding from foreign Baha'i organizations , the system grew and is now a virtual online college . The effort is a serious initiative to help Iranian Baha'is gain the right qualifications for trades and professions and the bachelor 's degrees issued by the school have been accepted by some Western colleges , the Baha'is say on their website . The Baha'i educational network offers over 20 associate , undergraduate and graduate degrees in a range of subjects from literature and law to math and pharmacy , the website says . Sabetan said he does n't know what compelled the authorities to carry out the latest raids , but at least one of the people has been charged with acts against the security of the regime . "  It 's not clear to us how the study of physics , chemistry and science endanger the Iranian government , " Sabetan said . The professor seized in the Sunday , May 22 raid typified the faculty , according to his wife and daughter in Iran . They did not want to be named for security reasons . His relatives said he was unpaid for his labors teaching math and economics to fellow Baha'is . The security officers told the teacher and his wife he would be held in Evin Prison 's Ward 209 . That 's a section of the penitentiary said to be for political prisoners and run by intelligence officers . "  He was not paid or reimbursed for this work , " his daughter told CNN . "  He did it out of love , love for teaching and love for his students . He wanted to give young people an education so they can have a good life and make something of themselves . It was his passion in life to educate others . " After the three security officers , armed with a warrant , walked in the Baha'i man 's house , the man quickly told his wife that the police had arrived . "  Please put your veil on , your brothers have come , " a phrase meant to show respect to the police of the Shiite regime , which expect women cover their heads . The officers explained that they would be looking through the family 's personal belongings . While the wife accepted that , she insisted that she accompany them ; the officials let her . "  I could n't just sit down and let men sort through my home . I told them , ` This is my house . ' I could n't just stand to the side , " she told CNN . The men were respectful , she said . They did n't destroy material or ransack the house . But they seized memory cards from cameras , mobile phones , computer hard drives and books on the faith and university . Before the father was taken away , he told his wife not to worry , saying the authorities will realize he did n't do anything wrong . But his relatives and the Baha'i community are worried that interrogators attempting wider clampdowns will try to pry names of other teachers and students out of the arrested teachers . Before one unsuccessful effort to visit him at the prison last week , his wife said , "  God willing , I will be able to see him tomorrow and he will be released . I am positive about this because he did not do anything wrong and he is a good person . "	The Baha'i faith , founded in Iran , is considered blasphemous there Now , 16 Baha'i professors have been arrested for helping followers get advanced degrees A government newspaper calls it "  a cover for the propagation of the Baha'i faith " A U.S. agency says Iran "  will stop at nothing in its shameless persecution of the Baha'is "
CNN  Passengers in an Oregon-bound flight got a creepy-crawly surprise this weekend : a scorpion . The Alaska Airlines flight headed to Portland returned to Los Angeles on Saturday after a woman reported she was stung by the eight-legged animal . Medical personnel responded and treated the woman , who was stung on the arm , said Cole Cosgrove , an airline spokesman . She declined additional medical attention . "  No one seemed frantic at all , not even the woman who was stung . The flight attendants did a great job , as did the captain , " said Mike Parker , a sports announcer for Oregon State University , who was aboard the flight . Airline officials said it 's unclear how the scorpion made its way on the flight , which originated from Los Cabos , Mexico . It had just left Los Angeles International Airport when the incident occurred . The flight made it to its destination Saturday .	The Alaska Airlines flight was headed to Portland , Oregon It 's unclear how the scorpion made its way on the plane
CNN  -- North Korea may be on the brink of another famine as a result of last year 's devastating floods , the worldwide increase in food prices , and a malnourished population , the United Nations warned on Thursday . According to a U.N. report , nearly 40 percent of young children are "  chronically malnourished . " "  North Korea ... faces a dire food shortage , " U.N. World Food Program spokesman Paul Risley said at a Bangkok , Thailand , news conference . "  Because of high global food prices it will be very difficult for the government of DPRK to purchase food on global markets to make up the difference . " The Democratic Republic of North Korea is still recovering from a famine in the 1990s that is believed to have killed about a million people and left many children permanently stunted , according to the New York-based Human Rights Watch . Nearly 40 percent of North Korea 's young children remain "  chronically malnourished , " according to a recent survey by the WFP and UNICEF . And this year , the isolated communist country is expected to see the largest harvest deficit since 2001 , according to the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization . "  We 're very concerned that this year the food shortfall of 1,600,000 tons of rice and wheat will mean that malnutrition will increase and that children will receive less food than they are really needing to receive , " Risley said . Potatoes and eggs are luxuries for most people in North Korea , who must spend a third of their monthly income for two pounds  1 kilogram  of rice , according to the WFP . The price of rice and other staple foods has doubled over the past year , it said . "  Its harvest in the past year was virtually destroyed by floods that occurred in August of 2007 , " Risley said . "  What this means is the country now does not have enough food to feed its people and it has not received substantial contributions from South Korea as it has in past years . " Part of the problem is that North Korea 's reclusive government led by Kim Jong Il has refused outside aid and regularly denies that his country has suffered from famine . The WFP said Pyongyang significantly cut the U.N. group 's operations in 2006 . Before the cut , the program had been assisting more than 6 million North Koreans ; now it can only help a little more than a million of the most vulnerable population , mostly women and children . "  The food security situation in the DPRK is clearly bad and getting worse , " said Tony Banbury , WFP 's regional director for Asia . "  It is increasingly likely that external assistance will be urgently required to avert a serious tragedy . " E-mail to a friend	World Food Program warns of looming food crisis in North Korea Agency says prices have doubled as state rations are dwindling Food shortages believed to have been caused by flooding last year
CNN  -- Got that winter coat out ? Keep it out , because icy cold is here to stay for about a week . That freeze blast last week -- it got refueled with another round of arctic air . And it 's creeping toward the Northeast and down to the Deep South , northern Texas , and the desert Southwest , the National Weather Service says . It will get at least as cold this week in Memphis , Tennessee -- which should see a low of 11 degrees Fahrenheit overnight Monday -- as in Albany , New York , where the low will hit 16 the next night . Single digits are striking this week as far south as Tupelo , Mississippi -- 9 degrees overnight Monday . And low temperatures in the teens litter a large part of the country 's weather map on a few nights . Daytime highs wo n't bring much relief , not even in the Southeast , where they should be 25-30 degrees below normal , the weather service said . Snow The front is expected to lay down snow from parts of Kentucky through New York State , and freezing rain from Tennessee to the lower Midwest and parts of Maine . Some places in the Plains , Midwest and Great Lakes could see 4-6 inches of snow , CNN meteorologists said . The western side of Michigan could get up to 8 inches . But this blast wo n't be the snow maker the last one was . The freeze should let up before the end of the week for the southern parts of the country , but not for most of the rest . By Wednesday , most of the eastern two thirds of the country will rebound to only 15 degrees below the seasonal average . SoCal wildfire weather If you 're in Southern California , it will feel like you live in a parallel universe to the rest of the country . Conditions will be ripe for wildfires . Yes , possibly wildfires in November . Highs in the 70s , perhaps up to 80 degrees , and dry , gusty winds are behind it . They will sap the air of moisture , and if a spark ignites , they could push the flames across the landscape . Wind and warmth will "  contribute to extreme fire behavior , " the weather service said , which issued a red flag warning , the highest alert . The state 's wildfire fighting authority Cal Fire has put more firefighters on duty . It has also asked that residents not mow dry grass , pull a vehicle over onto it , toss cigarette butts on it -- and not to target shoot in undesignated areas , especially not at metal targets , which could make sparks fly .	In Southern California , they 're on wildfire watch with warm , dry winds Lows in the teens dot the weather map in most of the rest of the country As far south as Tupelo , Mississippi , the low should hit 9 degrees Monday night There will be snow but not as much as in the first arctic blast
The father of missing child Haleigh Cummings ' married his 17-year-old-girlfriend , who was the last one known to have seen the child alive , the girl 's grandmother told Nancy Grace producers . Ronald Cummings proposes to Misty Croslin Sunday at a local Chili 's restaurant . On Sunday Ronald Cummings asked his teenage girlfriend , Misty Croslin , for her hand in marriage at a local Chili 's restaurant . While he was with several family members , Cummings got down on one knee , asked Croslin to marry him and gave her Haleigh 's grandmother 's diamond ring . Because Croslin is only 17 years old , her mother filled out the paperwork so the two could be married . On Thursday , the pair tied the knot , after the three-day waiting period required by Florida law . Croslin , who was beaming earlier in the week after the engagement , told CNN affiliate WJXT-TV that while she knows there will be critics of the marriage and the timing , "  everything is still about Haleigh . " Croslin said she wanted to be together as a family , just as Haleigh would have wanted . "  Everybody is probably going to take this marriage thing the wrong way , " Croslin told WJXT . "  This is what Haleigh wanted . She has always talked about it , and even if she 's not with us , she is still with us . " Croslin told police she tucked Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother into bed about 8 p.m. February 9 in their Satsuma , Florida , home . She said she went to sleep herself about 10 p.m. but woke at 3 a.m. to find Haleigh missing and a back door propped open by bricks . Police are still actively searching for the girl , with a new search happening this week , and investigators Wednesday took the back door that was found propped open . In the middle of the search for the girl , the newlyweds will fly to New York Thursday night for their honeymoon and an exclusive appearance on the Today show . Haleigh 's grandmother , Teresa Neves , also acknowledged the timing might seem "  unusual . " "  Well , it is unusual for some onlookers , but those people did n't live with my two grandchildren , " she told Nancy Grace . "  My grandchildren , both Haleigh and Junior , have very often said that they would love for their daddy to marry Misty and that they wanted Misty to be their mommy . And so I feel like they are just trying to fulfill a wish for Haleigh so that when she comes home she will have that extra happiness to come home to . " Before the wedding , Neves told CNN affiliate WKMG-TV the wedding would be difficult without Haleigh . "  It 's an event that Haleigh really should be at , but when she comes home , we 'll have a great big wedding so she can be the flower girl and see it all again , " Neves said .	Ronald Cummings , Misty Croslin , 17 , wed after getting engaged at Chili 's Sunday Croslin acknowledges critics , but says "  this is what Haleigh wanted " Grandma Theresa Neves says Haleigh , brother , both wanted the pair to get married Neves : "  When she comes home she will have that extra happiness to come home to "
London , England  CNN  -- The board of British chocolate maker Cadbury accepted a buyout offer from American food giant Kraft Tuesday , a deal that would end the nearly 200-year-old independence of the beloved British brand . The board has agreed to recommend the offer to Cadbury shareholders , who have until February 2 to decide -- but they are expected to approve it . Kraft 's offer Tuesday is its biggest one yet for the maker of Creme Eggs and Dairy Milk chocolate bars . It values Cadbury at # 13.3 billion  $ 21.8 billion  , or # 8.40  $ 13.77  per share . In addition , Cadbury shareholders will be entitled to receive 10 pence  16 cents  per Cadbury share . "  We believe the offer represents good value for Cadbury shareholders and are pleased with the commitment that Kraft Foods has made to our heritage , values , and people throughout the world , " Cadbury Chairman Roger Carr said in a statement . He said Cadbury would work with Kraft to ensure the growth of the business for customers and employees . "  We have great respect for Cadbury 's brands , heritage , and people , " said Kraft Chairwoman and Chief Executive Irene Rosenfeld . "  We believe they will thrive as part of Kraft Foods . " Will takeover affect Cadbury 's taste ? Cadbury had previously rejected two hostile takeover bids by Kraft because Carr said they did not value the company high enough . Illinois-based Kraft earlier this month sold its North American frozen pizza business to Nestle to finance a fresh bid for Cadbury . The January 5 sale helped Kraft boost the cash element of its offer , which would give Cadbury shareholders cash in addition to Kraft shares . There had been rumors that Swiss firm Nestle , which has a chocolate and confectionery unit , would make its own offer for Cadbury . But Nestle squelched those rumors when it bought Kraft 's frozen pizza business in the United States and Canada for $ 3.7 billion . U.S. chocolate maker Hershey also had reportedly been considering a $ 17.9 billion bid for Cadbury . Cadbury is a beloved brand in Britain , producing chocolate products that have become a cultural fixture . Its Dairy Milk and Bournville brands have been around for more than 100 years , and its Milk Tray and Roses samplers -- which are still sold today -- were some of the first to be marketed as an everyday purchase . John Cadbury established his shop in Birmingham , England , in 1824 , selling drinking chocolate alongside coffee and tea . Cadbury , a Quaker , was trying to give people an alternative to alcohol , which he thought destroyed lives , according to the company . Cadbury : From grocery store to global giant The company now employs around 45,000 people in 60 countries , including around 5,700 staff at eight manufacturing sites in the UK and Ireland , Kraft 's roots go back to 1903 , when J.L. Kraft began selling cheese from his horse-drawn wagon in Chicago , Illinois . Today the company owns products from Oreo Cookies and Jell-O gelatin to Philadelphia Cream Cheese and Miracle Whip salad dressing , though it may be most famous for its Macaroni & Cheese instant dinner and Velveeta processed cheese products . Kraft 's takeover of Cadbury has also been criticized by British trade unions who urged the UK government and the EU to block the bid . Unite , the UK 's largest union said a merger will destabilize the company and hit future returns to shareholders . Outside Cadbury 's plant in the Birmingham suburb of Bourneville on Tuesday some workers expressed their fears about possible job losses . One man told the Press Association : "  There are a lot of worried people inside that building . " The employee , who asked not to be named , added : "  Nobody really knows what is going on or what this might mean in terms of job losses , but inside that factory there are a lot of people who are very , very worried about the future -- the future of the company and their own future , their jobs and their families . "  It is not a good atmosphere here today . "	British chocolate maker Cadbury accepts buyout offer from U.S. food giant Kraft Kraft offer for Cadbury is 840 pence per share , valuing Cadbury at # 21.8 billion Agreed cash-and-stock offer ends five months of hostile relations Combined Kraft/Cadbury will be one of world 's biggest confectionery companies
SISAKET PROVINCE , Thailand  CNN  -- The foreign ministers of Thailand and Cambodia will meet Monday in an effort to resolve a week-long military standoff over an ancient border temple that sits on disputed land , Thailand 's prime minister said Thursday . Cambodian Buddhist monks walk at Preah Vihear temple on Monday . The meeting will take place in Siem Reap , Cambodia one day after Cambodia 's general election on Sunday , Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej told CNN . An eight-hour meeting between Thai and Cambodian officials ended earlier this week with both sides agreeing on only one point : that troops each country has amassed at the site of the Preah Vihear temple will not fire on each other , the Thai News Agency reported . The site of Monday 's meeting is closer to the better-known Angkor Wat temple in Cambodia . For now , the countries are seeking regional intervention from their Southeast Asian neighbors . Foreign ministers of the 10 countries that comprise the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  are meeting in Singapore this week . Sundaravej spoke to his Cambodian counterpart , Hun Sen , on Thursday to arrange next week 's high-level meeting . He said Hun agreed to stop pursuing the issue at the U.N. Security Council . Cambodia had sent a letter to the council to call attention to the standoff . As a result , the Security Council postponed a meeting planned for next week on the tensions , the council 's president , Vietnamese ambassador Le Luong Minh , said Thursday . The dispute is over an 11th century temple to which Cambodia and Thailand both lay claim . It sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . The International Court of Justice awarded the temple to Cambodia in 1962 . Thailand claims , however , that the 1.8 square mile  4.6 sq. km  area around it was never fully demarcated . Thailand says the dispute arose from the fact that the Cambodian government used a map drawn during the French occupation of Cambodia -- a map that places the temple and surrounding area in Cambodian territory . This month , the U.N. approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- places that have outstanding cultural value . The decision reignited tensions , with some in Thailand fearing it would make it difficult for their country to lay claim to disputed land around the temple . Opposition parties in Thailand used the issue to attack the government , which initially backed the heritage listing . Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen , who has been in power since the mid-1980s , has portrayed the U.N. recognition as a national triumph in the run-up to the general elections . The current flare-up began July 15 , when Cambodian guards briefly detained three Thais who crossed into the area . Once they were let go , the three refused to leave the territory . Cambodia claims Thailand sent troops to retrieve the trio and gradually built up their numbers . Thailand denies that , saying its troops are deployed in Thai territory . CNN Producer Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Two nations involved in disagreement over ancient temple Talks next week will be aimed at resolving military standoff Thailand , Cambodia seek regional intervention from neighbors
CNN  -- Liverpool 's dramatic week ended in disappointment as Everton claimed a 2-0 victory in the Merseyside derby at Goodison Park on Sunday to leave their rivals second from bottom of the Premier League table . Roy Hodgson 's Liverpool side came into the match on the back of a tumultuous last seven days which saw the club finally sold to the owners of the Boston Red Sox baseball team . And all the disruption off the pitch continues to transmit into poor results on the pitch , as goals either side of half-time from Tim Cahill and Mikel Arteta gave Everton a deserved win . Both teams came into the match struggling near the foot of the table , with Everton 17th and Liverpool 18th in the 20-team division . However , the home side dominated throughout and took a deserved lead when Tim Cahill thundered home a shot after good work on the right from Seamus Coleman . And the points were secured five minutes after the interval when Spanish midfielder Arteta was given too much space on the edge of the area to fire home through a crowd of players . The result lifts Everton up to 11th place but only goal difference now separates Liverpool from lying bottom of the table , their lowest-ever Premier League position . Meanwhile , Manchester City are up to second place in the table after a hard-fought 3-2 win at newly-promoted Blackpool . After a goalless first half , City took the lead whan captain Carlos Tevez flicked home a cross from substitute David Silva . Blackpool levelled when Marlon Harewood glanced home a Charlie Adam free-kick , but City immediately went down the other end and Tevez fired home a deflected shot to restore the visitors ' lead . Silva then scored a delightful third goal , skipping past a couple of challenges before curling home a superb strike , before the home side pulled one back in injury time through Gary Taylor-Fletcher to set up a nervy final two minutes . Chelsea continue to lead the table with 19 points from their eight games , but big-spending City are now just two points behind the defending champions on 17 points . Arsenal , Manchester United and Tottenham are all level in third place on 14 points , with the Gunners ahead on goal difference .	Everton defeat Liverpool 2-0 in the Merseyside derby at Goodison Park on Sunday Tim Cahill and Mikel Arteta score the goals that give Everton a deserved win The defeat sees Liverpool drop to second bottom of the English Premier League table Manchester City up to second place in the table after a 3-1 victory at Blackpool
Washington  CNN  -- A federal court challenge to a new Arizona law aimed at curbing illegal immigration is n't out of the question , Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday . Holder said that the Justice Department was working with the Department of Homeland Security to "  decide exactly how we are going to react to it . " "  We are considering all possibilities , including the possibility of a court challenge , " Holder told reporters during questions at a news conference , at which he had announced a settlement with pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca over its marketing of an anti-psychotic drug . "  I think that -LSB- Arizona 's -RSB- law is an unfortunate one , " he said . "  I think that it is , I fear , subject to potential abuse . And I 'm very concerned about the wedge that it could draw between communities that law enforcement is supposed to serve and those of us in law enforcement . " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who served as Arizona 's governor until she took the position with the Obama administration , told a Senate panel Tuesday that she has "  deep concerns " with the law . Napolitano said she fears it would siphon away resources that would otherwise be used to pursue individuals who commit major crimes while in the country illegally . "  I think these kinds of laws are not value-added to law enforcement , " she told the Senate Judiciary Committee . "  There 's a reason most law enforcement groups ... oppose them . " They put an "  undue barrier " between victims of crime and law enforcement officials , she said . Napolitano , who served as Arizona 's governor before joining President Obama 's Cabinet , refused to offer an opinion on the constitutionality of the law . The new law requires Arizona police to determine whether people are in the United States legally if there is a reason to suspect they are n't . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , a Republican , signed the controversial legislation into law Friday . Supporters say it is needed to control illegal immigration . The law , scheduled to go into effect 90 days after the close of the state 's legislative session , would require immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times . Currently , officers can check someone 's immigration status only if that person is suspected in another crime . Critics say the law could foster racial profiling and prompt businesses , conventions and tourists to stay away from the state . The bill has prompted rallies by opponents and supporters , and some prominent politicians in Washington and Arizona have criticized the measure . Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon , a Democrat , has said he 'll file a lawsuit to block the law . Last week , Obama called the legislation "  misguided " and said the federal government must act on the immigration issue . "  Our failure to act responsible at the federal level will only open the door to irresponsibility by others . That includes , for example , the recent efforts in Arizona , which threaten to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans , as well as the trust between police and their communities that is so crucial to keeping us safe , " he said . Napolitano told the Judiciary Committee members that the "  passage of laws like -LSB- Arizona 's -RSB- at the state level indicate the need to move forward with comprehensive immigration reform . " But Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , blamed federal authorities for undermining the push for comprehensive immigration reform by failing to more effectively secure the Mexican border . "  Our borders are broken ... -LSB- and -RSB- there 's a war going on " with drug cartels in Mexico that is spilling over into the United States , he argued . "  Good people are so afraid of an out-of-control border that they had to resort to a law -LSB- in Arizona -RSB- that I think is unconstitutional , " he said . The federal government has to prove "  that we can secure our borders " before Congress can pass an immigration reform bill . Over the weekend , Graham withdrew his support for what had been a bipartisan plan to pass climate change legislation because , he claimed , Democrats were trying to ram through a polarizing immigration reform bill . Some political observers have said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , is trying to push a reform plan in order to boost his standing among Hispanic voters and bolster his re-election prospects in November . House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , acknowledged Tuesday that congressional Democrats are divided over how to proceed with an immigration reform bill . He also said House members are expecting the Senate to take the lead in crafting a proposal . "  In part , of course , what the people of Arizona are saying is that the feds have n't done their job . I think they 're right , " he said . But Hoyer criticized the new state law , arguing that it is "  very inconsistent with past practices in America . ... We do n't go around asking people for I.D. cards . " He said it is "  very difficult to see how that 's going to be carried out in a way that 's consistent with the civil liberties of citizens . " Napolitano acknowledged that more work has to be done along the southern border , but she also expressed frustration with GOP arguments on border security . She claimed that the overall situation has improved and questioned whether the goal of "  securing the border " could ever be fully reached . Napolitano declined to provide a direct answer when asked whether the Arizona law could negatively impact race relations . But "  if this law goes into effect , " she warned , "  there are a lot of questions about what the real impact on the street will be . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Deirdre Walsh and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney General Eric Holder says federal court challenge is possible Homeland Security secretary says Justice Department reviewing measure Former Arizona governor says she fears siphoning of resources Law requires immigrants to carry their papers at all times
Washington  CNN  -- An influential group of House conservatives , unhappy with the midterm strategy of Speaker John Boehner and other top Republicans , outlined its own election-year message on the economy on Wednesday . "  I think our leadership has been good about showing what we 're against . I think one area where we 've had weakness is we really have n't shown what we 're for , " Louisiana Republican Steve Scalise told CNN in advance of introducing a new jobs bill . Scalise does n't call out leaders by name , but in an interview in his Washington office , he sent a clear message that he believes there is a tendency for top House leaders to play it safe . He heads the powerful Republican Study Committee , a group of fiscal conservatives that includes the vast majority of rank and file House GOP members . Since its inception , the RSC 's main objective is to move House GOP leaders to the right on policy measures . "  I would like to see our leadership be bold . I would like to see us as a House majority be bold because I think the American people are hungry for bold ideas that will solve big problems because I think our country has big problems . " Scalise said he 's confident voters are overwhelmingly opposed to the agenda of President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats , but he admits his own party has low approval ratings , too . "  They do n't trust us because they do n't know what we stand for , " Scalise said . Contract With America , Part II Idaho Republican Raul Labrador agrees . While he did n't work on the major jobs bill that Scalise and other conservatives unveiled Wednesday , he echoes concerns that his party is n't presenting a more aggressive election year campaign to educate voters about what Republicans stand for . Labrador says he is talking to leaders about a package of ideas "  kind of like a ` Contract With America ' " that would spell out bills congressional Republicans would pass in the first 90 days of the next session of Congress . In the 1994 midterm election , many credited Newt Gingrich 's "  Contract With America " as a key component in helping the party retake control of the House after 40 years in the minority and helping Gingrich become speaker . Conservatives have clashed with House Republican leaders repeatedly on policy differences over the debt ceiling , the budget and spending bills . But in this case , there is n't a major disagreement over substance -- it 's about strategy . They believe continuing to pass piecemeal economic bills and sending them to the Democratic Senate gets lost with voters and dilutes their message . That 's why the jobs measure is a big bill that rolls together roughly 15 proposals . He and others admit they are not new , but that 's not the point . They believe the impact is greater by packaging them . "  The fact that we 're putting so many of our good ideas together in one bill shows that we want to have a sharper focus on not just the broad problems that are holding our economy back , but actually put a comprehensive plan to the fact that our economy is still struggling , " Scalise said at a news conference after filing the bill . Democratic pollster predicts ` huge turnout disadvantage ' in 2014 The list includes a plan to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline , a proposal to authorize more offshore drilling , measures to roll back some regulations on coal plants and expedite permits for natural gas exploration . It also lists bills rolling back some financial services reforms that conservatives believe hurt the ability of small businesses to expand and get more access to capital . The push for one overarching economic plan mirrors the playbook conservatives used recently to press their leadership to agree to hold a vote on a GOP alternative to Obamacare . The RSC introduced its own proposal to repeal and replace the health care law last year . Again they pulled together a number of ideas that Republicans previously proposed into one package . Now House Majority Leader Eric Cantor is leading an effort with key committee chairs to draft a Republican alternative to the current system . Boehner : We 're pushing for more jobs Asked about the criticism from conservatives on the speaker 's jobs message , Boehner said Wednesday "  we 've been focused on jobs for three years and three months . " He said he welcomed ideas from conservatives and said "  if they want to package it in a way that they think is best , I 'll pat 'em on the back . Job well done . " Boehner agreed on the need to present a contrast for voters , saying that "  I think we 've got a challenge to show people what party has better ideas - we 've got ideas . " But pressed on when the GOP leadership would unveil it 's health care bill or any other broad agenda , Boehner said proposals would come out "  as we develop them . " Cantor has been scheduling floor votes on targeted measures , such as a bill to reduce home heating prices . In a memo to House Republicans about the spring schedule , the majority leader touted several measures under his "  American That Works " agenda and pledged more items were scheduled to address the "  middle class squeeze . " Not all conservatives are worried that the party needs to present a comprehensive economic solution this fall . Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina says it is important to repeatedly tell voters what you support . But he says the Democratic Senate wo n't take up any House GOP bill , and he believes the 2014 midterm election will center just on the problems with Obamacare . Asked if that issue alone is enough to help Republicans expand their majority in the House , Gowdy replied , "  Right now it is . " Freshman Rep. Richard Hudson of North Carolina admitted that internal divisions among House GOP members make it hard to coordinate any unified message . He pointed to how then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi kept her members on the same page when Democrats controlled the House . "  They all had a message of the day , and they all sang out of the same prayer book . We 're all a bunch of individuals , so I do n't think we could ever have that same kind of message discipline , " Hudson said . He also said , "  Our leadership does n't rule with an iron fist and say ` this is what you are going to say today . ' It makes it harder to have a unified message to break through the noise . " Scalise thinks a more comprehensive statement of what Republicans would do for the economy is critical to helping the party in its quest to take control of the Senate . "  Right now , there is no head of the party and the House is the only majority , " Scalise said . "  It would excite people more to know what we would do if we were in the majority than if you just say put us in the majority so we 'll block this President 's agenda . "	Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana : "  We really have n't shown what we 're for " He is behind a major jobs and economic proposal Some influential conservatives question the midterm strategy of Speaker John Boehner Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina says the election will turn on Obamacare
CNN  -- If there 's one thing we can all agree on when it comes to "  Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson and the fallout from his interview with GQ , it 's that everyone has an opinion . And , to be honest , that 's about the only thing we can agree on . In the 24 hours since GQ released its January profile of Robertson and his family , who draw millions to A&E with their reality show "  Duck Dynasty , " social media has seen more than its typical overuse of exclamation points and excessive capitalization . The back-and-forth has gotten so extensive , we would n't be surprised if you 've forgotten what you 're even arguing about . But to be fair , this roiling debate is so addictive because the news here -- that Robertson shared viewpoints and beliefs that many , including A&E , found offensive , and was suspended indefinitely as a result -- gets to the heart of conversations many of us care about . This discussion may have been started with a single question : What does Phil Robertson , a professed born-again Christian , consider to be sinful ? But it 's now sprawled into even more complex territories like media responsibility and the difference -- if there is one -- between having an opinion and being a bigot . That last topic has been particularly difficult to tease out . Robertson told GQ that he considers homosexual behavior , among other things , to be sinful . To some , Robertson did nothing more than answer a question during an off-camera interview . Whether one agrees with his statement or not , it 's been said , is not the point -- he should n't have been reprimanded for honestly answering a question . "  I 'm gay and I do n't care what others think , nor should other people . This guy did not offend me , " Sue Dimaio posted on CNN 's Facebook page . "  Some people have different beliefs , and I respect that . Let the guy stay on the show . There is something called free speech ! Our freedom of speech is slowly being taken away from us , when it was once considered a huge part of the foundation of this country . " However , there are many others who read Robertson 's words and saw the language of a bigot -- someone who treats members of a group with hatred and intolerance . In that view , his stance on homosexuality exceeds the boundaries of opinion or faith , and veers into discrimination . " ` Is this man simply expressing his beliefs or spewing bigotry ? ' I do n't see a distinction between the two , " said another CNN.com commenter . "  Whatever the ` reasons ' you have for being bigoted , at the end of the day , it 's still bigotry . You ca n't hide behind ` it 's my religious beliefs ' as a justification for bad behavior . " And that 's where we all get stuck : One man 's idea of what constitutes an opinion -- or a spiritually prescribed value system -- is another man 's idea of hateful rhetoric . This debate has even seeped into the political arena . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal issued a statement in defense of Robertson and his family , calling them "  great citizens of the State of Louisiana . " "  I do n't agree with quite a bit of stuff I read in magazine interviews or see on TV . In fact , come to think of it , I find a good bit of it offensive , " Jindal said . "  But I also acknowledge that this is a free country and everyone is entitled to express their views . In fact , I remember when TV networks believed in the First Amendment . It is a messed up situation when Miley Cyrus gets a laugh , and Phil Robertson gets suspended . " The counterpoint to Jindal 's position ? A&E has the right to act on their belief that Robertson was in the wrong . "  We are extremely disappointed to have read Phil Robertson 's comments in GQ , which are based on his own personal beliefs and are not reflected in the series ` Duck Dynasty , ' " the network said in a statement Wednesday . "  His personal views in no way reflect those of A&E Networks , who have always been strong supporters and champions of the LGBT community . The network has placed Phil under hiatus from filming indefinitely . " To many CNN.com commenters , including one with the intriguing handle "  trollmuch , " Robertson 's freedom of speech has n't been infringed upon : "  He has a right to speak his mind , but A&E has the right to take action . " One voice that has n't been heard from as much in this debate is that of the GQ profile 's writer , Drew Magary . While the magazine is n't offering further comment on what 's transpired , it did point CNN toward Magary 's reflection and outtakes from the article posted on Deadspin.com . The writer explains there that while he does n't agree with Robertson 's politics , he also is n't calling for the man 's head . "  Whenever you meet face-to-face with people you do n't necessarily see eye-to-eye with and talk to them and drink lots of beer with them , you 're almost always more likely to understand them and like them . That 's how it works , " Magary writes . "  I do n't agree with Phil 's politics , and I have a lot of gay relatives and colleagues who would bristle at Phil 's ` hate the sin , love the sinner ' view of homosexuality . ... But I still like Phil and found him to be an otherwise decent fellow . I think it 's all right to think that , and I think it 's all right to hope that whatever fuss arises out of his comments -- it 's happening already -- will soften him a bit toward what he believes to be wicked behavior . Consider this my own version of ` hate the sin , love the sinner . ' " A perspective which , we can all agree , is bound to elicit more opinions .	The fallout over Phil Robertson being suspended from "  Duck Dynasty " has been immense It 's expanded into a critical discussion about faith , freedom of speech and bigotry On one side , some think Robertson should n't be reprimanded for answering a question On the other , there 's the argument that bigotry should n't be protected
CNN  -- Villarreal have sacked coach Ernesto Valverde following Sunday 's 2-0 Spanish Primera Liga defeat at home to Osasuna . Valverde only took over at Villarreal in the summer following Manuel Pellegrini 's departure to Real Madrid . However , the Yellow Submarines , who finished fifth last year , have had a disappointing season and are 10th in the table following Sunday 's loss . "  Villarreal have cancelled their contract with coach Ernesto Valverde after the defeat against Osasuna , " the club confirmed in a statement on their official Web site . "  The club thank the coach for his services and wish him the best of luck in his sporting career . " Villarreal , who have been linked with former Getafe coach Michael Laudrup , have said they will name Valverde 's replacement in the next few days . Despite a recent draw against Barcelona at the Nou Camp , Valverde has paid the price for an inconsistent season which has also seen the club crash out of the Spanish Cup to second division side Celta Vigo . The 45-year-old becomes the sixth coach to lose his job in the Spanish top flight this season following the departures of Abel Resino  Atletico Madrid  , Juan Carlos Mandia  Racing Santander  , Marcelino Garcia Toral  Real Zaragoza  , and Hugo Sanchez and Jose Angel Ziganda  both Xerez  . Meanwhile , on the pitch , Sevilla moved up to fourth place in the table as a double from Alvaro Negredo -- the second a superb chip -- earned them a 2-1 home victory over third-placed Valencia . David Navarro headed a late consolation for Valencia but they were unable to prevent Sevilla moving to withing three points of them . In earlier matches , European-chasing Getafe were held to a 0-0 by a Racing Santander side who played almost the entire second half with 10 men after Jose Moratan was dismissed for two bookings . And Atletico Madrid were jeered off by their own fans after slumping 2-0 at home to Malaga , their ninth defeat of the season .	Spanish Primera Liga side Villarreal dismiss coach Ernesto Valverde Valverde becomes the sixth coach to be sacked in the Primera Liga this season Sevilla move up to fourth place in the table after a 2-1 home win over third-placed Valencia
CNN  -- Uga VII , the University of Georgia mascot whose deeply furrowed face was a fixture at the school for more than a year , died early Thursday , the university said . He was 4 years old . The purebred English bulldog died of heart-related causes in Savannah , Georgia , according to its owner , Frank "  Sonny " Seiler . Fans knew Uga VII had arrived when the white dog , sporting a spiked collar and red Georgia University jersey , made his short strides along the football field 's sidelines . He made his first appearance at the August 30 , 2008 , season opener , when Georgia faced off against Georgia Southern , the university said . He was nearing the end of his second season with the team , the university said . He was preceded by his father , Uga VI , the university 's winningest mascot , who died of congestive heart failure . "  This is a very sad day for the Seiler family but also for all Georgia people , " said Damon Evans , University of Georgia director of athletics in a university news release . "  Just as his ancestors , he had captured the hearts of college football fans everywhere as the country 's No. 1 mascot . He had been truly embraced by all those who follow the Georgia Bulldogs across the country . We will miss him dearly . " Uga VII 's given name was Loran 's Best , the university said . His death was unexpected . "  We are all in a state of shock , " Seiler said in the release . "  We had no warning whatsoever . " A wreath will be placed on Uga VII 's doghouse on the sideline , the university said . There wo n't be a live mascot to take his place at Saturday 's game against Kentucky . Officials have not decided who will replace the white bulldog , but the decision is expected next year , Seiler said . Until then , fans and Seiler will mourn the loss of the school 's favorite pooch . "  He was 10-3 last year , which is not bad for a freshman , " Seiler said . "  Uga VII was not as active or mischievous as his father but more distinguished . He realized his role when he put his shirt on . He was well-behaved and always appreciated the significance of his role . "	Uga VII was in his second season as University of Georgia mascot Purebred English bulldog died of heart-related causes Officials expected to decide next year who will replace the white bulldog
CNN  -- What was a somber mood following convicted cop killer Troy Davis ' execution Wednesday night turned to disgust and outrage by morning . Casey Anthony was a trending topic Thursday because so many people had taken to Twitter to express their dismay over Anthony being deemed innocent in the death of her daughter while Davis is executed . "  Casey Anthony is offered a book deal , Troy Davis is only offered his last meal . Wake up America , our justice system is screwed , " came a tweet from the handle JamesKlynn . Another , from TRizzleComedy , read , "  If the Troy Davis situation has taught us anything today , its that Casey Anthony should 've been black . " A jury found Anthony not guilty of murder in July , whereas a jury and several judges on appeal have determined that Davis killed Savannah , Georgia , police officer Mark MacPhail in 1989 . Spencer Lawton , Davis ' prosecutor , has said the case withstood every legal challenge but could n't win the battle of public opinion . Race has been a major factor in people 's perception of the case , with many claiming Davis was railroaded because he was black . It also has raised questions about the fairness of the death penalty and whether it is more often applied to African-Americans than whites . While assertions that the U.S. executes more blacks than whites are incorrect -- the country has executed 263 more white people than black people since the death penalty 's 1976 reinstatement -- inequalities exist when a murder is interracial . According to the Death Penalty Information Center , 15 white defendants have been executed for the murder of black victims , but 246 African-Americans have been executed for killing whites . It 's just one of many factors that have Davis supporters and death penalty opponents -- often one and the same -- demanding that capital punishment be re-examined in this country . Former President Jimmy Carter , who along with Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Pope Benedict XVI was among the most influential voices calling for clemency , said as much in his statement after Davis ' lethal injection . "  If one of our fellow citizens can be executed with so much doubt surrounding his guilt , then the death penalty system in our country is unjust and outdated . We hope this tragedy will spur us as a nation toward the total rejection of capital punishment , " Carter wrote . Certainly , the death penalty is an issue for which American support has flagged and spiked in the decades since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstituted it , but Americans have largely supported it since the 1930s , according to Gallup . The only exception , according to the polling agency , is 1966 , when 47 % of Americans said they opposed it , compared with 42 % who backed it . Since the country began performing executions again , critics have been heavily outnumbered , with opposition never topping 32 % , Gallup says . Support jumped to 80 % -- compared with 16 % against -- in 1994 , and a poll last year showed a 64-29 split , with 6 % expressing no opinion , Gallup reported . Some of those who favor executions as a criminal deterrent flocked to CNN to post their thoughts on Davis ' death . "  Justice served , " wrote dplandy , while SuperSlim32 wrote , "  But he was a good guy when he was n't pistol whipping people or shooting them in the face . " The latter is a reference to a jury also finding Davis guilty of two aggravated assault charges : that he shot a man outside a pool party in Savannah before striking a homeless man with his pistol . It was the pistol-whipping that prompted MacPhail to respond to the Burger King parking lot where he was killed . Some CNN commenters defended the police work and prosecution that led to Davis ' conviction and execution . One , fitat50 , even said , "  The reason some people care about him is because they are sheep . " Added DTiger901 , "  How about you just read the facts concerning the case ... like that there were 34 witnesses against him . . some of whom knew him before the cold blooded murder then identified him . Oh wait , you would never take the time to read the case you just want to jump on the ` he 's innocent bandwagon . ' " But some death penalty supporters , like commenter marciavolk , said there was too much doubt to administer the ultimate punishment . The commenter further said that the death penalty is "  administered arbitrarily " and that the "  long-standing discrimination against minorities in the south  yeah it 's still there  " played a role in the decision to execute Davis . "  We will never know if Troy Davis was or was not guilty of the crimes he was charged with and that alone should have prevented him from being executed , " marciavolk wrote . Another commenter , jangar , took issue with the evidence in the case , which has been in question since seven of nine witnesses recanted or changed their original testimony from the 1991 trial . As Amnesty International and others have pointed out , Davis ' supporters also have problems with the lack of physical evidence and the investigation 's failure to produce the .38 - caliber pistol used in the slaying . "  As we have seen over the years eye-witness testimony a lot of times is unreliable , " jangar wrote . "  People say they saw something , convince themselves they really did see something , and then determine they could have been mistaken ; but with physical evidence -- gun , body , video tape -- the evidence is there in front of you and can be tested for DNA . " The divergence of sentiments regarding Davis ' death was apparent around the globe . While right-wing legal analyst and author Ann Coulter wrote a Thursday article headlined "  Cop Killer is Media 's Latest Baby Seal , " the NAACP slammed the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles ' refusal to intervene . "  There is too much doubt to proceed with an execution . No amount of deliberation will change the fact that the case against Mr. Davis has too many holes , " President Ben Jealous wrote . The European Union , the French Foreign Ministry and Germany 's junior minister for human rights joined Jealous in denouncing the execution , with the EU saying that America must abolish capital punishment "  to protect human dignity . " In the U.S. , protests were not limited to Jackson , Georgia , where the state has been electrocuting or lethally injecting death row inmates since 1983 . In Washington , more than a dozen people were arrested outside the White House during a protest organized by Howard University . Matt Tapie , 32 , a CNN iReporter from Alexandria , Virginia , and doctorate candidate at Catholic University , said he joined the demonstrators there . He was busy writing his dissertation Wednesday but said he knew he had to participate . He said he was appalled by the final outcome . "  We can see how much further we have to go in a country where we have an African-American president ... but an African-American in Georgia can be executed , " he said . In Chicago , David Manning , 31 , who had not been following the case , was taking photographs in the city when he ran across forlorn protesters in "  I Am Troy Davis " T-shirts leaving a protest in Daley Plaza after the execution . "  What struck me was the looks on their faces as they walked away , " the iReporter said . "  They looked very frustrated and down . "	Many claim race played a major role in decision to refuse clemency for Troy Davis Former President Jimmy Carter hopes execution prompts rejection of death penalty Ann Coulter writes article headlined , "  Cop Killer is Media 's Latest Baby Seal " European nations call on U.S. to abolish capital punishment "  to protect human dignity "
This is one hotel where getting stuck with a "  city view " could be frustrating . A new midtown Marriott -- The Courtyard-Residence Inn Central Park -- is claiming the title of North America 's tallest hotel . Opened December 29 , the $ 320 million , 68-story building houses two separate hotels -- a Courtyard and a Residence Inn -- at 1717 Broadway . The Courtyard 's 378 rooms are located on floors 6-33 , while the 261-suite Residence Inn is housed on the upper level floors 37-65 . The latter is only available for stays of five nights or more . A 60-second time-lapse video of the 27 months of the hotel 's construction can be seen here . Located five blocks from Central Park and about 10 minutes from Times Square , the dual-branded hotel offers valet parking , a bistro , 6,000 square feet of meeting space , an outdoor sun deck and Wi-Fi included in the room rate . According to the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat  CTBUH  , the 750-foot new Marriott beats out a sister hotel for the title -- the 727-foot Detroit Marriott at the Renaissance Center . Neither comes close to being the tallest hotel in the world , however . Many of the world 's tallest hotels are in Dubai , with the tallest being another Marriott -- the 1,164-foot JW Marriott Marquis . The new Marriott 's claims are being contested by another U.S. hotel , the Westin Peachtree Plaza in Atlanta . Although CTBUH and other websites list the Plaza as being 723 feet tall , hotel reps say its real height is 754 feet , which would make it taller than the Courtyard-Residence Inn Central Park by four feet . The Courtyard-Residence Inn Central Park , 1717 Broadway , New York , New York ; +1 212 324 3773 ; rooms start around $ 215 per night	New midtown Manhattan Marriott beats out another Marriott for North America 's tallest hotel Hotel houses Courtyard and Residence Inn Tallest hotels in the world are located in Dubai
Washington  CNN  -- Jeffrey Chafin calls his daughter , Eris , "  my sparkle . " He says "  she 's everything for me , she 's phenomenal , she 's my life . " Lynne Hales Chafin says the 5-year-old is "  quite happy " living life with her as the custodial parent . What the estranged couple has to say about each other is not so cordial . Their custody fight is many ways a typical "  he-said , she-said " dispute , but because it has been waged across international borders , the U.S. Supreme Court is now involved . The case of Chafin v. Chafin will be heard by the justices on Wednesday and an eventual ruling could establish an important precedent on the discretion of American courts to decide where children caught in parental fights should stay . In the middle is Eris , the girl who lives in Scotland with her mother . Her dad is an Army sergeant based at Ft. Stewart , Georgia . A federal court said under international treaty , Eris should remain overseas since it was her "  habitual residence . " That court also said the custody issue was moot since the girl was already overseas . Jeff Chafin eventually asked the justices to intervene on his behalf . "  I do n't believe that  the current legal fight  is in the best interest of the child as it 's going to go on for years and years to come , " Lynne Chafin told CNN . Jeff Chafin wants to revive his claim of Eris ' custody , arguing the child 's normal place of residence is the United States . "  I told my little girl I would do everything I could to get her , " he told CNN National Correspondent Joe Johns , "  to make sure she 's safe . " He last visited his daughter overseas in July . The couple met in 2006 in Germany , where Jeff was stationed . Eris was born there the following year . It was while the father was deployed to Afghanistan for 15 months that the personal and legal troubles escalated . Lynne claims it was agreed she would stay with the child in Scotland as the de facto "  habitual residence " while Jeff served in combat . U.S. courts later established that residency to conclude the child belonged with her mother . "  This is the heart of this treaty . The whole treaty turns on these two words -- ` habitual residence . ' What is the ordinary , regular home of this little girl ? " said Stephen Cullen , Lynne Chafin 's attorney . "  It has to be Scotland because the last time they ever agreed on anything was their agreement that Scotland was the child 's home . " Upon Jeff 's return from Afghanistan to Germany , the couple separated , then made various attempts at reconciliation . He was transferred to Huntsville , Alabama , and Lynne soon followed with Eris . But the domestic situation did not improve and the custody fights eventually played out there . Jeff Chafin and his supporters say the child was happy in the United States , "  fully engaged and immersed in her American community . " More importantly from a legal perspective , his lawyers argue his wife was fully committed to staying in the United States as a resident . But the relationship deteriorated and divorce proceedings began . Lynne Chafin said she wanted to leave with their daughter . That 's when she said her husband called the police . "  I was removed from the house . I was taken to jail , " she said . When police checked her status on a tourist visa , "  an immigration officer came out to see me . And he advised me that because my green card was still in the process , that I was actually there illegally and I would be deported . " It was after Lynne Chafin was sent out of the country without her daughter that she filed a "  Petition for Return of Child to Scotland " under the 1980 Hague Convention 's Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction . It grants parents in general a "  right of custody " and a separate "  right of access , " ensuring the laws of one country are respected in the others . More than 80 nations are a party to the treaty , including the United States and the United Kingdom . Lynne Chafin did not see Eris for 10 months while the custody case played in a federal court in Alabama . She was allowed to return to the United States on a special visa just long enough to have a federal judge rule in her favor , allowing her to take Eris back to Scotland where they remain . "  I would like the Supreme Court to say that my case is moot , " she said from her home . "  If they do n't , if they rule in my husband 's favor and he is allowed to appeal then this is going to go on for years which is ludicrous . None of us will be able to move on with our lives , we 're stuck in this constant state of appeals , appeals , appeals . " But Jeff Chafin and his lawyers say the federal courts are at odds over what judges can and can not do over the "  habitual residence " question . They say in this case the full appeals process was not allowed to continue , denying the father his due process rights . "  The phrase miscarriage of justice comes to mind , " said Michael Manely , the father 's attorney . "  The other side 's position is once a child leaves the boundaries of the United States , it 's over . There is nothing you can do about it . And that has terrifying consequences . " Justice Sonia Sotomayor has unusual experience with this issue . As a federal judge on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , she dissented from a decision that she said too narrowly interpreted the impact of a custody order . She wrote in 2000 that the Hague Convention must have power to enforce a custody order that "  by its very nature limits each parent 's unilateral decision-making power , including his or her power to relocate to another country with the child . " In an unrelated 2010 high court case , Justice Sotomayor succinctly summarized the delicate balancing courts around the world must maintain . "  The purpose of the convention is , which court will decide the life of that child , " she said . "  And to avoid , as I understood the convention structure , this flight from court to court and this long , drawn-out process from country to country over who 's going to make that choice . " Both sides agree clarity on the issue is needed , if not for them , then for other parents in similar situations . "  Ultimately what 's at the heart of the treaty is the welfare of the child , " said Cullen . "  And it 's not good for a child to be like a ping pong ball going backwards and forwards between different countries . And that 's why the treaty solves a problem . " As for the Chafins -- still technically married but apparently never again to be husband and wife -- both share a measure of regret over their broken union and a child caught in the middle , as well as anxiety over what the high court will do . "  I believe that if my daughter 's returned to the U.S. , I will never see her again , " said Lynne Chafin , who said this fight is about Eris ' future and well-being . Jeff Chafin is equally determined . "  I 'm going as far as I can . Until I humanly , possibly can not go any further , I will not stop fighting for my daughter . " The case is Chafin v. Chafin  11-1347  . A ruling is expected by the spring . CNN 's Joe Johns and Ted Metzger contributed to this report .	Dispute involves father in Georgia and mother and girl in Scotland Case tests bounds of international treaty over custody rights An eventual ruling could establish an important precedent
CNN  -- The full U.S. Supreme Court granted a stay of execution for a Missouri death row inmate whose rare birth defect , his lawyers argued , would have made his death an "  excruciating " process . The stay will remain in place pending the 8th Circuit Court 's ruling on the matter , a court document said Wednesday . Russell Bucklew had been scheduled to die early Wednesday at Eastern Reception , Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre , Missouri . It would have been the first execution since Oklahoma botched a procedure last month . Bucklew , who turned 46 last week , is already in pain , as his condition includes unstable tumors in his head and neck , causing him to bleed regularly from his mouth , nose , eyes and ears , said defense attorney Cheryl Pilate . Dr. Joel Zivot of Emory University filed an affidavit in the case saying that Bucklew 's airway is so "  severely compromised and obstructed , " especially when he 's lying flat , that it could easily be ruptured , raising the risk that Bucklew could choke or suffocate . "  If you touch it , it bleeds , " Zivot wrote of Bucklew 's airway . In 1997 , a jury convicted Bucklew of first-degree murder , kidnapping and first-degree burglary and recommended the death sentence , court documents show . He was accused of fatally shooting his ex-girlfriend 's presumed new boyfriend , Michael Sanders , and firing at Sanders ' son , 6 , before kidnapping Stephanie Ray Pruitt . After raping his ex-girlfriend , he became involved in a gunfight with authorities , during which Bucklew and a Missouri state trooper were injured , according to court documents . Controversy over lethal injections has been brewing in recent years after European manufacturers , including the Denmark-based manufacturer of pentobarbital , banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . In 2009 , the U.S.-based manufacturer of sodium thiopental , a drug also commonly used in executions , stopped making the painkiller . Many states have scrambled to find substitutes from overseas or have used American-based compounding pharmacies to create substitutes . Attorneys for death row inmates in several states have flooded the court system , arguing that correctional facilities ' secrecy over where and how they obtain drugs is unconstitutional and violates the Eighth Amendment 's "  cruel and unusual " punishment clause . Last month , Oklahoma used a new three-drug injection protocol to execute convicted murderer and rapist Clayton Lockett , but his vein collapsed , and he died of an apparent heart attack . A full investigation and autopsy results are still pending , but witnesses said they saw Lockett struggling to speak as he convulsed and writhed on the gurney . Previously , Oklahoma inmate Michael Lee Wilson said during his January execution , "  I feel my whole body burning . " Wilson was executed using a cocktail that included pentobarbital , as was Texas ' Jose Luis Villegas , who also complained of a burning sensation during his April execution . Also in Texas , Robert James Campbell 's attorneys challenged the state 's plan to administer pentobarbital to their client . A federal court stayed his execution last week , not because of the drugs Texas planned to use but because his defense team deserved more time to make the case that Campbell was intellectually disabled . On Monday , the Georgia Supreme Court weighed in on the issue , reversing a stay of execution for inmate Warren Lee Hill after his attorneys argued last year that a statute keeping the compounders of lethal injection drugs "  a confidential state secret " was unconstitutional . "  We hold that it is not , " Justice P. Harris Hines wrote in the 33-page majority opinion . He said the reason for keeping such information private is "  obvious , including avoiding the risk of harassment or some other form of retaliation from persons related to the prisoners or from others in the community who might disapprove of the execution as well as simply offering those willing to participate whatever comfort or peace of mind that anonymity might offer . " Appeals court stays Texas execution after intellectual disability claim Opinion : It 's time to televise executions Panel suggests fixes for death penalty in U.S. CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	The U.S. Supreme Court grants a stay of execution The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals will hold a hearing on the execution appeal Russell Bucklew suffers from cavernous hemangioma , a birth defect Lethal injection cocktails have sparked numerous appeals as drug supplies dried up
CNN  -- In the seven weeks since the military-backed bloodless coup in Honduras , several hundred people protesting against the de facto government have been arbitrarily arrested and beaten by government forces , a new Amnesty International report says . The marks of a police truncheon are shown on a student 's back after a protest , Amnesty International says . The report , released Wednesday , said the beatings were meant to punish those who opposed the ouster of President Manuel Zelaya in June . It includes testimony from , and photographs of , several people who were baton-whipped and detained by police officers who sometimes wore no visible identification and hid their faces behind bandanas as they broke up demonstrations . "  They beat us if we raised our heads ; they beat us when they were getting us into the police cars , " said a student whom Amnesty International interviewed in late July at the police station where he was being detained . "  They said , ` Cry and we 'll stop . ' " Multiple requests to the government for comment went unanswered . The government has said in the past that the demonstrators were arrested for engaging in violence and provoking authorities . The Honduran political crisis stems from Zelaya 's defiant push to hold a referendum that could have led to extending term limits by changing the constitution . The country 's congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court had ruled it illegal . He was ousted in a coup on June 28 . The congress named Roberto Micheletti provisional president shortly after the military detained Zelaya and sent him into exile . Micheletti and his supporters deny that a coup took place , calling the action a constitutional transfer of power . The coup resulted in unrest throughout the country , with frequent clashes between police and military on one side and civilian protesters on the other . At least two people were shot to death , Amnesty said . Among several examples , the Amnesty report quotes F.M. , a 52-year-old teacher , who said he was demonstrating peacefully when police descended on the rally . "  They grabbed me and shouted , ` Why do you  all  support Zelaya 's government ? ' They beat me . I have not been informed as to why I am detained . " He showed deep-red imprints on his back , which he said were from a beating with a baton . "  Detention and ill treatment of protesters are being employed as a form of punishment for those openly opposing the de facto government and also as a deterrent for those contemplating taking to the streets to peacefully show their discontent with the political turmoil the country is experiencing , " said Esther Major , Amnesty 's Central America researcher .	President Manuel Zelaya was ousted in a bloodless coup in June Report : Beatings meant to punish those opposed to ouster of Zelaya Multiple requests to the government for comment went unanswered
CNN  -- Detroit 's recent filing for bankruptcy is an exclamation point at the end of a tumultuous few decades for what was once America 's greatest industrial city . The story of Detroit is well-documented : anchored to America 's automotive companies , Detroit struggled with cheaper imported cars as the Big Three automakers shed jobs and built plants elsewhere . Detroit 's and the auto companies ' problems are inextricably tied together . The situation of General Motors , which culminated in a Washington bailout , was simple : Management placated the unions and put off pay raises by promising them more and more benefits . The problem was that as GM 's dominance eroded , leading to its own bankruptcy filing , so too did its ability to live up to its promises to the unions . Opinion : Detroit , the ` used to be ' city As this was happening , Detroit , long a union town , had a separate but related problem . With a shrinking population , fewer and fewer taxpayers were available to pay to support government services . Riddled with rampant corruption and mismanagement , the city made promises to its public employees : $ 9.2 billion in retiree health care and pension commitments that it simply can not afford . This all led to the city filing for Chapter 9 bankruptcy , which provides for the reorganization of municipalities . This is a tragedy for those government workers who had been relying on the promised pension benefits and who will end up paying the price . To be clear , Detroit is an extreme example , but there are states and municipalities across America that simply can not afford their pension obligations . The Pew Center for the States found that states ' public pension plans faced a stunning $ 757 billion shortfall in 2010 . And some economists place the figure as high as $ 4.4 trillion in 2012 . Chicago 's credit rating was just downgraded because of its $ 19 billion in unfunded pension liabilities . Los Angeles , America 's second-largest city , could see up to $ 30 billion in pension obligations . The fear is that some of these cities will declare bankruptcy and a Washington bailout will make innocent taxpayers in Utah and across the country foot the bill , which just is n't fair or right . I spent a good deal of time looking at this crisis . For many teachers , police and firefighters , the promise is n't a robust paycheck but robust retirement benefits . But if the promise ca n't be fulfilled , they are left with little retirement security . The question is whether there is another option for these cities and municipalities that is fair to those workers and to taxpayers alike ? There is , and it 's by moving away from these traditional defined benefit pension plans and into something called an annual annuity . Instead of a city putting money into a pension fund that could be raided or underfunded at any time , that money would go into a fixed insurance contract with the employees . It could never be stolen by government and workers get the money they are promised once they retire . Opinion : How Detroit can rise again Under the plan , the employer pays a premium each year to a life insurance company , which is responsible for investing that money and paying the fixed pension when the worker reaches retirement age . The annuity contracts will be competitively bid , and state insurance departments will supervise the companies . In the rare event that a life insurer becomes insolvent , each state has a life insurance guaranty association that will ensure the payment of annuity benefits to retirees . This is a very different approach than has been tried before . I understand some public employee unions do n't trust an idea they 've never considered before , but it 's a way of guaranteeing that going forward , cities and municipalities can get their pension obligations off the books , that workers will get the retirement that is promised to them and that there is n't a Washington bailout of those who could n't find a solution to their ballooning debt . And while public sector debt continues to grow , it 's imperative that we incentivize private sector retirement savings as well . That 's why my bill includes key reforms that would give job creators and American workers stronger tools for providing pensions and better , more secure retirement savings . The legislation , for example , creates a new plan called the Starter 401  k  to help a small or start-up business easily create and maintain a stable retirement savings plans for their employees . RoboCop creator : Detroit shows film 's functional future is upon us Detroit 's bankruptcy is n't the end for that city . It marks a new beginning . Looking at the crisis that led to this situation , hopefully we can confront the looming problems of retirement savings on the public and private side so Americans are more secure once they leave work . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Orrin Hatch .	Sen. Orrin Hatch : Cities including Detroit struggling to pay public worker pensions He says a better system would let cities buy annuities for workers through insurance firms Hatch : New system is needed to protect workers and taxpayers
CNN  -- An attorney for a Montana teacher who admitted to raping his 14-year-old student is asking the judge in the case to cancel a hearing scheduled for Friday . In a response filed Thursday with the Yellowstone County Court , attorney Jay Lansing joined prosecutors in saying that the new hearing would be "  without legal authority . " The judge scheduled the hearing after admitting that the sentence he imposed may have been against the law . The case drew widespread attention when District Judge G. Todd Baugh imposed the 30-day sentence on Stacey Dean Rambold and made controversial comments about the victim , saying she "  seemed older than her chronological age . " In an order this week , the judge said that it now appears the mandatory minimum is two years , not 30 days . He said the court , "  if necessary and appropriate , " would amend the sentence at Friday 's hearing . Such a hearing , however , would "  create confusion and uncertainty for all parties left to interpret and execute the sentence of Mr. Rambold , " Lansing argued . He said his client contends the sentence imposed , which prosecutors are appealing , is lawful and appropriate . Also Thursday , prosecutors filed an emergency petition with the Montana Supreme Court , asking it to stop the scheduled hearing . While acknowledging "  the district court 's effort to correct the error at the trial court level , " they wrote that the "  only remedy prescribed by statute and case law is appeal before this Court . "  Further , the September 6 hearing , if permitted to be conducted , will undermine the State 's appeal and otherwise frustrate the just and orderly administration of ordinary appeal processes , " the petition read . Rambold admitted raping the girl while he was her teacher at her high school . Cherice Moralez was 14 at the time . She took her own life shortly before her 17th birthday . CNN 's Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutors file an emergency petition to stop the hearing District Judge G. Todd Baugh has scheduled the hearing for Friday He says a 30-day sentence he imposed on a teacher who raped his student may be illegal
El Cajon , California  CNN  -- The possibility that the killing of an Iraqi woman who was left brutally beaten in her Southern California home last week was a hate crime is "  just one aspect " being investigated , a police official said Monday . Shaima Alawadi , a 32-year-old mother of five , died of a severe head injury after she was taken off life support Saturday , El Cajon , California , Police Chief Jim Redman said at a news conference . A note that was "  threatening in nature " was found near where her 17-year-old daughter discovered her lying unconscious in the dining area of her home in El Cajon in San Diego County last Wednesday , Redman said . Redman would not specify what the note said ; the daughter said it told the family to go back to Iraq and called them "  terrorists . " "  Based on the content of the note , we are not ruling out the possibility that this may be a hate crime , " Redman said . "  Other evidence , " however , leads investigators to keep open to other possibilities , he said . "  The possibility that this is a hate crime is just one aspect of what we are examining . " Although the investigation is "  still in the early stages " and police "  have not drawn any conclusions , " Redman did say evidence leads them to "  strongly believe that this was an isolated incident . " The chief would not describe that evidence . Detectives obtained a search warrant for the family 's home because a court order is "  just the best way to recover evidence , " Redman said . The daughter , Fatima Al Himidi , told CNN affiliate KGTV that a similar note was left outside the family home earlier in the month , but the family did not report it . "  A week ago they left a letter saying , ` This is our country , not yours , you terrorists , ' " she said . "  So my mom ignored that , thinking  it was  kids playing around , pranking . And so the day they hurt her , they left it again and it said the same thing . " Hanif Mohebi , executive director of the San Diego chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations , said the family came to the United States from Iraq in the mid-1990s . He did not know when they moved to El Cajon , which has one of the nation 's largest Iraqi communities . Alawadi and her husband have three daughters and two sons , ranging in age from 8 to 17 , Mohebi said . Fatima Al Himidi said nothing was stolen from the house , leading her to believe the attack on her mother was motivated by hate . "  Why did you take my mother away from me ? You took my best friend away from me , " she said , choking with tears , in an interview with CNN affiliate KUSI . "  Why ? Why did you do it ? I want to know . Answer me that . " Social media users quickly compared Alawadi 's death to that of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , calling both hate crimes , and drawing a parallel between a hijab and a hoodie . Martin was killed last month as he walked back to the house of his father 's fiancee in Sanford , Florida , after a trip to the convenience store . Police say he was shot by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer who said he was acting in self-defense and has not been charged . The teen was unarmed , carrying a bag of Skittles candy and an iced tea , and was wearing a hoodie . On Sunday morning , the authors of the parenting blog Momstrology tweeted : "  A teen murdered for wearing hooded sweater . An Iraqi woman beaten to death for wearing a head scarf . Our hearts ache for you . " CNN 's Samira Said , Maria P. White and Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief : "  Other evidence " leads investigators to keep open to possibilities NEW : Police "  strongly believe that this was an isolated incident , " the chief says NEW : A note "  threatening in nature " was found near the beaten woman , police say Shaima Alawadi had been on life support since the attack Wednesday
CNN  -- Go to Google and type in Rwanda and the word genocide creeps in instantly . Do a similar search in Google Images and your screen is quickly inundated with piles of scattered hacked bodies , grisly mountains of skulls and long columns of fleeing refugees . It 's been 20 years since the devastating violence that left about one million people dead in Rwanda , but global perceptions of the tiny country in east-central Africa are often still stuck in 1994 . Images of horror and ruin , as captured by the lenses of foreigners , are still circulating internationally , even though the country has come a long way since those dark days . To address this , a new exhibition opens Friday in London , showcasing insightful snapshots of daily life in today 's Rwanda as seen through the eyes of local photographers . Called "  Rwanda in Photographs : Death Then , Life Now , " the show aims to "  communicate the complexities of survival after mass violence , " organizers say , while helping international audiences to "  understand the scale and scope of the country 's journey . " The exhibition features arresting images by more than 10 professional and amateur photographers who back in November took part in an eight-day workshop led by the prominent Nigerian photographer Andrew Esiebo and the Kenya-based American photojournalist Brendan Bannon . "  We worked with the Rwandan photographers to give them the opportunity to visually tell how they see their country , " explains Esiebo , whose work has been exhibited around the world . "  It was a platform to allow people to come together to tell their stories , " he adds . "  Often , if you see images coming from Rwanda , the majority has been taken by non-Rwandans -- this is a chance for them to question the way their country is being interpreted . " The final result is a collection of diverse images ranging from intimate portraits to eye-catching landscapes that provide an insight into the complex changes that are currently underway in Rwanda -- snapshots of the rising capital Kigali , where new buildings pop up and assertive women take a leading role in urban commercial life , are accompanied by scenes of rural life , where poverty and hardship endure . The exhibition also features "  Returnees , " a series of portraits taken by Esiebo capturing Rwandans from all walks of life who 've come back to help in the redevelopment of their country . "  The people make the country , " says Esiebo , who decided to extend his stay in the landlocked country after the workshop to shoot the "  Returnees " and also produce a Rwandan version of his popular series of photographs of West African barber shops . "  It was quite interesting to see young , vibrant people coming to add value to the society , " he says . "  It 's one of the most fulfilling projects I 've seen myself doing lately , especially in the frame of questioning what people see about Rwandans . " Click through the gallery above to see some of the photographs featured in the exhibition . "  Rwanda In Photographs : Death Then , Life Now " is presented by the Cultural Institute at King 's at the Inigo Rooms , Somerset House East Wing , London from 21st March -- 30th April . The exhibition is open daily 12.00-18 .00 , and until 8pm on Thursdays . Admission is free . Find out more about it here . READ THIS : Orphaned siblings create Rwanda 's Craigslist READ THIS : Rwanda 's B-Boys - From the streets to break beats	A new exhibition in London showcases the work of Rwandan photographers It aims to challenge global perceptions about post-genocide Rwanda The photographers question the way their country is portrayed internationally "  Rwanda in Photographs : Death Then , Life Now " runs until the end of next month
CNN  -- Yesterday , Team USA lost to Belgium and is out of the running . But today , you 'd think American goalkeeper Tim Howard actually won the World Cup on his own . Some 1,845,345 tweets heralded Howard 's historic game -- 12 saves in regulation , a rare feat , and one that allowed American fans to focus on a winning performance while ignoring the understory : Belgium controlled the game from the beginning , and even the late goal by 19-year-old Julian Green could do little to change the writing that was on the wall . As the weary American team trudged past the 90 minute mark , Americans focused on the herculean effort by Howard , crowing that he had more saves than Jesus , starting a petition to rename Reagan National for Howard , and briefly appointing him Secretary of Defense on Wikipedia . To be sure , Howard 's performance was one of legend , but the rapture over it , albeit well-deserved , seems to put on a Band-Aid on the one simple fact of the match : The United States lost . Again . In the World Cup . From the very beginning of its campaign , with its slogan of "  I believe that we will win ! "  a chant that began , appropriately enough , with U.S. Navy football  the United States seemed , well , relatively deluded that it could now contend with the world . On the upside ? The campaign convinced millions upon millions of Americans to finally engage in the frenzy that absorbs the rest of the globe in the world 's most popular sport . Downside ? Rather than be shocked and grateful that that the U.S. men made it to the knockout round , many seemed to think that Belgium would be a small hurdle to American victory . The focus on winning , above all else , is likely the most important factor that has driven Americans to pay attention , finally , to the World Cup stages . But for 40 years -- 40 years -- the United States did not care about the Cup because the U.S. did not qualify . So America turned up its nose to soccer , disdaining it for generations . There are many reasons to think that America 's disenchantment with the beautiful game is over -- obsessive interest in the first rounds of play is one of them . But what happens as the World Cup packs up and moves on ? Will broken-hearted Americans still love soccer now ? It is easy to link World Cup mania to the popularity of youth soccer in the United States . A 2007 FIFA study concluded that some 25 million American children play soccer , giving the U.S. the largest youth base of any country competing in Brazil right now . But after all , kids playing on a Saturday morning likely does n't explain the seeming suddenness of American interest . And we did n't see this kind of interest back when the U.S. hosted the tournament back in 1994 . We also did n't see it when the U.S. women won the whole thing in 1991 and 1999  because , well , you know , women 's sports and all  . And we did n't see it when the U.S. men 's national team reached the quarterfinals in 2002 . So where did all of this frenzy come from ? Answer : Americans hate being left behind . Americans prefer to lead , and until now , they have been the only ones missing this global party , one where the U.S. men have yet to build a winning reputation , something central to American identity . Indeed , some think the intense focus on Brazil has to do with this unfamiliar underdog status . Soccer has "  been a bit of a subculture for a while now , " says Greg Lalas , a former Major League Soccer player and current editor-in-chief of MLS.com "  One that is incredibly vibrant , inclusive , and frankly , really fun . ... Who does n't want to be part of that ? " It 's a good point . Down side ? "  There 'll be no worse thing for American soccer than if we ultimately win a World Cup , " says sportswriter Jeff Pearlman . "  When that happens , and when we 're on equal footing with the elites , it all becomes dull . " For Lalas , though , the turning point has been that this World Cup "  opened the eyes of many of the decision makers in the media that this culture exists . " But it is n't just the gate-keepers . Social media has given the U.S. soccer nation subculture the space to crow from the rooftops their love of the game , and their enthusiasm has generated a contagion effect , building a collective excitement about soccer that 's literally spilling into the streets . Remember that social media turned one of the worst things television has ever produced â $ " "  Sharknado " â $ " into a revolutionary experience because viewers could complain , mock , and cheer all together . It 's done the same for the World Cup , giving it the sense of camaraderie that sports fans need to unify around a team . Just think : Fans tweeted 15.9 million times during the first three U.S. matches . During the game against Germany , one of the most popular images throughout the Twittersphere was of companies who had brought in televisions and food so employees could watch . But do n't get too excited . This may have not legs . That America caught World Cup fever does n't tell us much about how soccer as a spectator sport will fare here , particularly in terms of the popularity of Major League Soccer or whether NBC 's television audience for the Premier League will continue to grow . Sure , the United States has had diehard soccer fans of all kinds for some time now , but they are n't always rooting for those wearing the red , white , and blue . Mexico , eliminated by the Netherlands on Sunday , has traditionally been the most popular team in the United States , selling almost twice as many tickets to its "  friendly " matches as the U.S. men 's national team , which is relatively new by comparison . Many of the Americans in Brazil are there to support Latin American teams , representing communities like those who play at the Red Hook Ball Fields in Brooklyn , where league and pick-up games are accompanied by food trucks slinging the best pupusas , tamales , elote on a stick , arepa , and , of course , tacos . And it is still hard for some Americans to embrace a game that does n't necessarily end when it is supposed to , and a tournament with groupings and strategies that mean a loss of yours is turned into a win because the team you tied the other day just beat someone else . Also , many sports fans may not have space to add soccer into their seasonal cycle of baseball , football , and so on . Thus , the appeal of the World Cup is not necessarily the game it features , as much as the lure of the United States finally sitting at the big table , qualifying regularly , and even winning a match or two . It is a situation somewhat akin to the Olympics , in which Americans become fascinated -- and sometimes fanatical -- with curling and ice dancing and skeleton for the fortnight , but without question do n't think about it again until the next one . So perhaps unless team USA 's Clint Dempsey and John Brooks get into the next season of "  Dancing with the Stars , " it might be four more years before America obsesses about them again .	Amy Bass : American so nuts about Tim Howard you 'd think he won the World Cup himself But craze likely wo n't last : It was more about Americans wanting in on the party , she says She says the Cup is suited to social media camaraderie , which has helped whip up interest After the U.S. loss , soccer interest will probably wane , Bass says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An explosion took place on a road close to Kabul 's international airport Wednesday morning , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said . There were no ISAF casualties . Initial information indicated that the blast may have been the work of a suicide bomber , ISAF said . The Afghan interior ministry said the blast took place on Qasabah Road , which is situated to the north of Kabul International Airport . Militants have targeted the airport previously . In June , Taliban fighters armed with guns and explosives were killed by security forces after taking over a building near the airport . The Taliban said the attack was intended to target Americans in the international airport , one part of which is used by military forces and another by civilians .	The explosion may have been caused by a suicide bomber , ISAF says ISAF says it did n't suffer any casualties in the blast Militants have targeted the international airport in the past
CNN  Michael Graves , an American architect and designer , died Thursday at his home in Princeton , New Jersey , of natural causes , according to his firm . The award-winning architect died "  suddenly and peacefully " from natural causes , according to a statement from Michael Graves Architecture and Design . He was 80 . Graves was one of the most revered contemporary architects , known for his postmodern designs , and won hundreds of prizes in his field . He started his practice in 1964 , which designed over 400 buildings worldwide . Architecture critics hailed him as one of the original American voices in architecture as he has designed hundreds of buildings for corporations , governments , foundations and universities . Among his noted works are The Portland Building in Oregon , The Humana Building in Louisville , Kentucky , the NCAA Hall of Champions in Indiana , and the Team Disney building in Burbank , California . He has been praised for making buildings functional as well as aesthetically pleasing . For many Americans , Graves might be best known as the designer of household items . One of his best known designs was the Alessi stainless steel teakettle with a red bird at the tip that sang when water had boiled . Graves helped propel Target and its collaborations with designers to massive popularity . His line for Target included practical items from tea kettles and drying racks to whimsical kitchen equipment like an avocado scooper and large bamboo salad tongs . His Target line came with a simple , idealistic premise : "  Good design should be affordable to all . " His designs were also sold at JCPenney and Black & Decker . He was awarded the National Medal of the Arts , as well as the Driehaus Prize for Classical Architecture . Born in Indianapolis , Graves received his training at the University of Cincinnati and Harvard . In 1962 , he began teaching at Princeton University . In 2003 , Graves became paralyzed from the chest down after suffering what started out as a sinus infection . Graves recalled being severely ill and examining the ugly sheets and bad design in hospitals . He decided : "  It 's far too ugly for me to die here . " The illness phased in a new chapter in his life . Struggling in hospital rooms made him determined to improve health care facilities and designs , including more user-friendly hospital furniture for patients . "  I would n't have been a health care nut if it had n't been for my paralysis , so something good came from this , " he told CNN in 2011 . Michael Graves : Why hospital rooms do n't work Throughout his illness , Graves continued to sketch . "  Whether I was paralyzed or not , I would draw , because drawing for me is like playing the piano , " he told CNN . "  You 've got to keep practicing , got to keep doing it . It 's not that you lose it , but you do n't draw as well if you do n't draw every day . "	American architect Michael Graves dies in Princeton at age 80 Graves designed buildings as well as household items like tea kettles for Target , JCPenney
CNN  -- It was n't until Melissa Reese 's husband allegedly put a knife to her throat and threatened to kill her that she says she decided it was time to leave her abusive relationship . She could take her belongings and kids , but her dogs were a different story . Dropping Capone and Sophie , her Alaskan Malamute and Miniature Doberman , at an animal shelter where they could be euthanized or adopted by another family was not an option . "  I could n't give them up , " Reese said . "  That would be like putting my children out in the cold , and I could n't do that . " Reese said whenever her husband threatened her , Capone would squeeze in the middle and try to push him away . Her pets had protected her , and she could n't leave them behind to become victims of her husband 's wrath . So she called Ahimsa House , which placed the dogs with foster families until Reese got settled in a new home . Reese 's husband later pleaded no contest to charges of simple assualt and battery . Ahimsa House -- which stands for "  nonviolence " in Sanskrit -- is the only animal shelter in Georgia that specifically cares for pets from homes of domestic violence . In the last year , dogs , cats , birds , reptiles , livestock and horses took refuge for a combined total of 20,000 nights . In one case , the shelter took in 18 chickens . The Atlanta shelter will house a pet for as long as the owner needs . Every animal also receives a medical examination from a veterinarian . As Ahimsa House Executive Director Maya Gupta explained , pets in households with an incidence of domestic violence often have hidden injuries themselves . "  Abusers tend to be very good with their human victims in knowing exactly where to hit so that the bruises do n't show -- so she can put on a long sleeve shirt or some makeup and cover them -- and to some extent , they also do that with animals , " she said . Domestic violence against women : Recognize patterns , seek help Perpetrators of domestic violence often harm or threaten a family pet in order to manipulate a partner and coerce him or her to stay in a relationship . As a result , 18 % to 45 % of battered women remain with their abuser in fear of what he may do to a pet or livestock upon leaving , according to a study by the American Bar Association . Tanya Mcleod , an advocate against domestic violence who alleges a close relative abused her and their dog Brownie , explained that abusers realize pets provide a type of comfort for victims and use that to their advantage . "  The abuser will often make threats and say , ` If you leave I 'll kill Fluffy , or I 'll flush the goldfish down the toilet ' -- whatever it is that will make that person stay in that relationship , " she said . Brownie was considered a part of the family to Mcleod and her three kids . When it became clear she was giving more attention to the dog , Mcleod says the relative got jealous and abused Brownie as a way to take control . "  He would hit him , kick him , sometimes choke him , " Mcleod recalls . "  He would tell us that we could n't see Brownie . " The relative was never charged for abusing Brownie or Mcleod . In every state , pets are considered property under the law , and judges can not order a person to not harm , injure or interfere with the care of a family pet . But that is changing as 21 states plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico have enacted laws to include pets in domestic violence protection orders . MNN.com : When you have to give your pet away Texas is the most recent state to pass a bill that will punish family violence perpetrators under protective orders who torture pets . Democratic Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis , who sponsored the bill that will go into effect September 1 , said the legislation provides the opportunity for law enforcement to bring federal prosecution against abusive partners who threaten pets . Protective orders protect women against further abuse by a partner , but the same does n't hold true for pets , Davis explained . Now that pets are included in orders , abusers will receive a misdemeanor for the first violation and felony charges upon two or more violations . Every day , thousands of pets and humans are at risk in abusive relationships , according to Phil Arkow , coordinator of the National Link Coalition , which seeks to prevent violence toward people and animals . A study by the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence found that 71 % of women entering shelters report that their batterer had injured , killed or threatened a pet to exert control over them . For many women , fleeing with their dog or cat is n't an option when only one in eight domestic violence shelters accept pets , according to the NCADV . The Houston Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Texas recognized this problem and started PetSafe -- a program to provide temporary boarding , medical care and food for pets of families escaping domestic violence . This year , the program cared for 20 pets , but the organization investigated 14,642 cases of animal abuse , neglect and cruelty in 2010 , according to HSPCA spokeswoman Stacy Fox . Tips for adopting the best shelter dog In the past few years , state representatives have been debating bills that would include pets in domestic violence protective orders . David Favre , a law professor of animal cruelty at Michigan State University , said the majority of these bills eventually pass because "  everybody can agree with the principle . " "  Who 's going to stand up and say , ` No , the husband should be able to abuse the pet ' ? " he said . However , Favre explained adding pets in protective order laws may not be effective since pet abusers already violate the state 's animal cruelty law . "  If a man wants to inflict harm , he 's not going to really be stopped by this protective order , " he said . But after hearing stories -- in one case , a man cut off a dog 's ears and sent them to his partner to get her to return -- Davis says she believes the new law will help keep women safe . "  The bill is n't about protecting the pet nearly as much as it is about protecting women , who unfortunately can be convinced to say in an abusive situation where a pet is used as basically a pawn against her emotions , " she said . Domestic violence against men : Know the signs What to do if your pet is being abused : 1  First , if he 's threatening the pets , you are next . Do n't assume that he 's bluffing . Do n't make excuses . Do n't think things will get better . They wo n't , says Phil Arkow , coordinator of the National Link Coalition . The lives of you and your children are in danger . Get out -- now ! 2  Avoid bitter custody battles by making sure all of your pet 's records are in your name : rabies and other shots , pet food purchases , dog or cat licenses , pedigree papers , receipts for vet bills , etc. . These should all be in your name to establish that you are the caregiver . 3  Make sure your pets are current on all their licenses and vaccinations . This makes it easier to house them in an emergency shelter . 4  Pets should have an identification tag that does not have your name or home number . Use the number of a friend or the animal 's veterinarian . 5  Have an emergency plan that includes your pets . If you 're able to prepare for your pet 's departure , try to have pet items -- including vaccination and medical records , medications , licenses , blankets , leashes , collars and pet carriers -- in a safe place where your abuser wo n't be able to find them . 6  Have a safe place for your pet lined up in advance such as a women 's shelter that offers on-site housing or off-site foster care for pets , a trusted friend , veterinarian , kennel or animal shelter . Keep this location secret in case your abuser tries to take control of the pet in order to take control of you and your children .	18 % to 45 % of women remain with an abuser in fear of what he may do to a pet upon leaving 21 states have enacted laws to include pets in domestic violence protection orders Ahimsa House in Atlanta looks after pets for domestic violence victims until they find housing 71 % of women report their batterer had injured , killed or threatened a pet to exert control
CNN  -- A rare letter evincing a display of affection between President Theodore Roosevelt and his youngest son is up for sale by a dealer who obtained it from a Roosevelt family friend . Roosevelt sent the letter to his 6-year-old son , Quentin , during a trip to Yellowstone National Park in 1903 . It is the only letter from the trip to his family to reach the market , and its existence was unknown to scholars and institutions until its discovery in the possession of a family friend , said Nathan Raab , vice president of the Raab Collection , which is selling the letter through its Web site . "  The relationship between Theodore Roosevelt and Quentin , his favorite son , is not one many people know about , so finding a letter like this to Quentin is a once in a lifetime discovery made even more poignant by the fact that it 's unpublished , " said Raab , who values the letter at $ 25,000 . In the letter , Roosevelt addresses his son by his nickname , "  Quenty-Quee , " and provides a brief glimpse into life on the trail , including a small sketch of the mule that carried his gear on the trip . "  I love you very much . Here is a picture of the mule that carries , among other things , my bag of clothes . There are about twenty mules in the pack train . They all follow one another in single file up and down mountain paths and across streams . " The letter is signed , "  Your loving father . " Share the most treasured letter you ever received Raab said , "  This offers another side of Theodore Roosevelt , who was this rough rider , men 's man , yet had this warm , loving affectionate , relationship with a son , who shared a lot of his father 's physical and intellectual attributes . He was the apple of Theodore Roosevelt 's eye . " Quentin Roosevelt , the youngest of Edith and Theodore Roosevelt 's six children , was 3 years old when his father was elected president . He was known for his rambunctious behavior in the White House and eventually for his scholastic aptitude , drawing comparisons to his father . He joined the United States Army Air Service and became a fighter pilot during World War I at the nudging of his father , an ardent promoter of the war . He was killed in aerial combat over France when he was 20 . His death profoundly affected the president , Raab said . "  His friends said he was never the same man again , and you see the love he had for his son in this letter , " Raab said .	Letter to 6-year-old son Quentin shows affectionate side of President Roosevelt Written during trip to Yellowstone National Park in 1903 , it is valued at $ 25,000 Letter contains sketch of mule that carried his gear , brief description of life on trail Quentin Roosevelt , known as the apple of his father 's eye , was killed in World War I
Washington  CNN  -- What the hell do we Republicans do now ? In the very short run , our course is obvious enough : There will be more votes on health care in the Senate , and we will vote nay again . But this is anti-climax territory . The decisive vote occurred Sunday night . The "  what next ? " question pertains to the days further ahead , after President Obama signs the merged House-Senate legislation and "  Obamacare " becomes the law of the land . Some Republicans talk of repealing the whole bill . That 's not very realistic . Even supposing that Republicans miraculously capture both houses of Congress in November , repeal will require a presidential signature . More relevantly : Do Republicans write a one-sentence bill declaring that the whole thing is repealed ? Will they vote to reopen the "  doughnut " hole for prescription drugs for seniors ? To allow health insurers to deny coverage to people with pre-existing conditions ? To kick millions of people off Medicaid ? It 's unimaginable , impossible . But there are things that can be done , and here are some early priorities : 1  One of the worst things about the Democrats ' plan is the method of financing : an increase in tax on high-income earners . At first that tax bites only a very small number , but the new taxes will surely be applied to larger and larger portions of the American population over time . Republicans champion lower taxes and faster economic growth . We need to start thinking now about how to get rid of these new taxes on work , saving and investment -- if necessary by finding other sources of revenue , including carbon taxes . 2  We should quit defending employment-based health care . The leading Republican spokesman in the House on these issues , Rep. Paul Ryan , repeatedly complained during floor debate that the Obama plan would "  dump " people out of employer-provided care into the exchanges . He said that as if it were a bad thing . Yet free-market economists from Milton Friedman onward have identified employer-provided care as the original sin of American health care . Employers choose different policies for employees than those employees would choose for themselves . The cost is concealed . Wages are depressed without employees understanding why . The day when every employee in America gets his or her insurance through an exchange will be a good day for market economics . It 's true that the exchanges are subsidized . So is employer-provided care , to the tune of almost $ 200 billion a year . 3  We should call for reducing regulation of the policies sold inside the health care exchanges . The Democrats ' plans require every policy sold within the exchanges to meet certain strict conditions . American workers will lose the option of buying more basic but cheaper plans . It will be as if the only cable packages available were those that include all the premium channels . No bargains in that case . Republicans should press for more scope for insurers to cut prices if they think they can offer an attractive product that way . 4  The Democratic plan requires businesses with payrolls more than $ 500,000 to buy health insurance for their workers or face fines of $ 2,000 per worker . Could there be a worse time to heap this new mandate on smaller employers ? Health insurance comes out of employee wages , plain and simple . Employers who do not offer health insurance must compete for labor against those who do -- and presumably pay equivalent wages for equivalent work . Uninsured employees have now through the exchanges been provided an easy and even subsidized way to buy their own coverage . There is no justification for the small-business fine : Republicans should press for repeal . That platform is ambitious enough -- but also workable , enactable and likely to appeal to voters . After 18 months of overheated rhetoric , it 's time at last for Republicans to get real . I 've been on a soapbox for months now about the harm that our overheated talk is doing to us . Yes , it mobilizes supporters -- but by mobilizing them with hysterical accusations and pseudo-information , overheated talk has made it impossible for representatives to represent and elected leaders to lead . Now the overheated talk is about to get worse . Over the past 48 hours , I 've heard conservatives compare the House bill to the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854 -- a decisive step on the path to the Civil War . Conservatives have whipped themselves into spasms of outrage and despair that block all strategic thinking . Or almost all . The vitriolic talking heads on conservative talk radio and shock TV have very different imperatives from people in government . Talk radio thrives on confrontation and recrimination . When Rush Limbaugh said that he wanted Obama to fail , he was intelligently explaining his own interests . What he omitted to say -- but what is equally true -- is that he also wants Republicans to fail . If Republicans succeed -- if they govern successfully in office and negotiate attractive compromises out of office -- Rush 's listeners get less angry . And if they are less angry , they listen to the radio less and hear fewer ads for Sleep Number beds . So today 's defeat for free-market economics and Republican values is a huge win for the conservative entertainment industry . Their listeners and viewers will be even more enraged , even more frustrated , even more disappointed in everybody except the responsibility-free talkers on television and radio . For them , it 's mission accomplished . For the cause they purport to represent , however , the "  Waterloo " threatened by GOP Sen. Jim DeMint last year regarding Obama and health care has finally arrived all right : Only it turns out to be our own . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says Republicans suffered a big defeat with passage of health care Frum says it 's not realistic to think the bill 's benefits , which will be popular , can be repealed He says GOP can pledge to stave off higher taxes and more regulation of small businesses Frum : Strategy served interests of talk radio by whipping up anger but led GOP astray
Jerusalem  CNN  -- President Barack Obama tried Thursday to invigorate the stalled Middle East peace process , urging young Israelis to pressure their leaders to seek peace with Palestinians while acknowledging the Jewish state 's historical right to exist and defend itself from continuing threats . In a speech in Jerusalem that Obama had said would lay out his vision for the region , the president urged Israelis to look at the world through the eyes of Palestinians but also said enemies of Israel must change their rhetoric and tactics to reflect modern reality . "  You are not alone , " Obama said in both English and Hebrew , prompting a standing ovation when he declared that "  those who adhere to the ideology of rejecting Israel 's right to exist might as well reject the Earth beneath them and the sky above , because Israel is not going anywhere . " Hours before the speech on the second day of a Middle East swing , two rockets fired from Palestinian-controlled Gaza landed in southern Israel . They caused no injuries or major damage , but served as a symbolic welcome to Obama 's visit to the West Bank on Thursday to meet with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . A hardline group claimed responsibility . Israel honors Obama In another symbolic moment , Obama received Israel 's highest civilian honor -- the Presidential Medal of Distinction -- Thursday night from Israeli President Shimon Peres at a state dinner that emphasized the close ties between their countries . Noting the similarity between the histories of Israelis and African-Americans as former slaves who endured hardship before gaining freedom in a new land , Obama said , "  Our very existence , our presence here tonight , is a testament that all things are possible . " Opinion : Obama goes over Netanyahu 's head to the Israeli people The earlier talks with Abbas served as a counterbalance to Obama 's meetings the previous day with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , setting up the Jerusalem speech that addressed crucial issues of the stalled peace process as well as regional concerns such as the civil war in neighboring Syria and Iran 's efforts to develop a nuclear weapon . When Obama mentioned the name of Abbas in his speech Thursday , some boos erupted in the Jerusalem Convention Center among the audience of mostly young Israelis . He also was interrupted at one point by a protester 's shouts , causing the president to joke that the heckling "  made me feel at home " in reference to the caustic political climate in Washington . Obama acknowledged the difficulty in resolving the Israeli-Palestinian impasse , but insisted that "  peace is possible " and called on young Israelis to make it happen . "  Political leaders will not take risks if the people do not demand that they do , " Obama said to applause , adding a familiar theme from his U.S. campaign speeches in declaring "  you must create the change that you want to see . " Such a direct appeal to young Israelis was a "  bold and courageous " move by Obama , according to Martin Indyk , a former U.S. ambassador to Israel who now is vice president and director of foreign policy at the Brookings Institution in Washington . Noting that the president lowered expectations before his trip of what he could accomplish , Indyk told CNN that Obama now raised expectations "  sky high " that he was going to personally work to make peace possible . Kerry staying for more talks Recently appointed Secretary of State John Kerry , who accompanied Obama on the trip that ends Friday in Jordan , will stay on to hold more talks with Israeli leaders , a senior administration official told reporters in a background briefing . "  We 've done a lot of talking , a lot of listening over the course of the last two days , we 'll do some more tomorrow , and then I think it 'll be appropriate for Secretary Kerry to discuss next steps when he returns here , " the official said . Obama said in his speech that he believes "  the Israeli people do want peace , and you have every right to be skeptical that it can be achieved , " arguing that an end to the seemingly endless conflict is necessary and "  the only path to true security " for Israel . "  Given the demographics west of the Jordan River , the only way for Israel to endure and thrive as a Jewish and democratic state is through the realization of an independent and viable Palestine , " Obama said . "  Given the frustration in the international community , Israel must reverse an undertow of isolation . And given the march of technology , the only way to truly protect the Israeli people is through the absence of war -- because no wall is high enough , and no Iron Dome is strong enough , to stop every enemy from inflicting harm . " On Israel trip , differences come into focus At the same time , he urged Israelis to empathize with the plight of Palestinians , using direct and harsh imagery to make his point . "  Put yourself in their shoes -- look at the world through their eyes , " he said . "  It is not fair that a Palestinian child can not grow up in a state of her own , and lives with the presence of a foreign army that controls the movements of her parents every single day . It is not just when settler violence against Palestinians goes unpunished . It is not right to prevent Palestinians from farming their lands ; to restrict a student 's ability to move around the West Bank ; or to displace Palestinian families from their home . " He added that "  neither occupation nor expulsion is the answer , " saying , "  just as Israelis built a state in their homeland , Palestinians have a right to be a free people in their own land . " Arab states must seek normalized relations with Israel , and Palestinians must "  recognize that Israel will be a Jewish state , and that Israelis have the right to insist upon their security , " Obama also said . Obama : Israeli settlements ` counterproductive ' He prompted applause from the young Israeli crowd when he criticized their government 's controversial policy of building new settlements in disputed territories . "  Israelis must recognize that continued settlement activity is counterproductive to the cause of peace , and that an independent Palestine must be viable -- that real borders will have to be drawn , " Obama said . On a personal note , the president told how he met with young Palestinians before his speech and they differed little from his own daughters , adding that he believed Israeli parents would want Palestinian youths to succeed if they had a chance to talk to them . During his earlier visit to to Ramallah in the West Bank , Obama stressed the need for direct talks between Israelis and Palestinians for a two-state solution . Palestinians see Israeli ` growth ' as roadblock "  The Palestinian people deserve an end to occupation and the daily indignities that come with it , " he said at a news conference with Abbas , adding that Palestinians deserve "  a future of hope " and a "  state of their own . " Obama said he and Abbas discussed , among other things , the Israeli settlements and the issue of Palestinian prisoners . He called for shunning the old habits , arguments and formulas that have stymied the peace process and envisioned "  two nations , two neighbors at peace , Israel and Palestine . " At the news conference and in his later speech , Obama said the foundation for a peace agreement exists if both sides can overcome internal and external obstacles and pressure , and can join together making the leap . The core issues right now , Obama said , are achieving sovereignty for Palestinians and security for Israel . "  That 's not to say settlements are not important , " he told reporters . "  It is to say that if we solve those two problems , the settlement problem will be solved . So I do n't want to put the cart before the horse . I want to make sure that we are getting to the core issues and the substance . " During a news conference on Wednesday with Netanyahu , neither leader mentioned the settlements , showing the sensitivity of the issue for the conservative prime minister who just formed a new coalition government after a narrow election victory . In Ramallah on Thursday , Obama praised the Palestinian Authority led by Abbas but said Hamas , which governs Gaza , "  has the responsibility to prevent " violations of a cease-fire with Israel such as the two rockets fired in the morning . Abbas : Peace ` is necessary ' Abbas , however , said the Israeli settlements are "  more than a hurdle to peace , " calling them illegal and saying it was Israel 's duty to stop building them . At the same time , Abbas said Palestinians believe peace "  is necessary and inevitable , " and it should not be made through violence , occupation , walls , denial of refugee rights or settlements -- reciting a list of Palestinian grievances against Israel . He envisioned a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders with Jerusalem as capital -- a scenario unacceptable to Israel . On Wednesday , Obama and Netanyahu offered a "  good cop-bad cop " approach to Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Both countries have accused Iran of secretly working toward building a nuclear weapon , and Netanyahu made it clear Wednesday after his talks with Obama that he believes the president is equally committed to preventing a nuclear-armed Iran . 5 things to know about Obama 's first presidential visit to Israel In comments to reporters Wednesday and in Thursday 's speech , Obama called for more diplomacy on Iran while endorsing Israel 's right to defend itself as it sees fit . He also insisted that "  all options " remain open -- code for a military strike to disable the Iranian program . That prompted a warning Thursday from Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , that Tehran would destroy Tel Aviv if Israel were to attack its nuclear facilities . Obama also warned the Syrian government that using chemical weapons against opposition forces or allowing such weapons to be obtained by terrorists would be a "  game-changer " in terms of U.S. involvement in the conflict . His administration has been criticized for not providing military aid to the Syrian opposition . On Wednesday , Obama sought to assure Netanyahu and Israelis of his commitment to their security and to strengthen what have been strained personal and working relationships between the two men . In what Netanyahu called a key development , the leaders announced new talks on extending U.S. military assistance to Israel for another 10 years past the current agreement , which expires in 2017 . Opinion : Obama 's Israel trip is about legacy CNN 's Jessica Yellin and John King reported from Jerusalem and the West Bank , and CNN 's Azadeh Ansari , Karen Smith , Michael Schwartz , Jason Hanna , Joe Sterling , Holly Yan and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report , which was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : President Obama receives Israel 's highest civilian honor Obama calls on young Israelis to pressure their leaders to work for peace Secretary of State John Kerry will stay on to hold talks with Israeli leaders Palestinian leader Abbas says Israeli settlements threaten a two-state solution
CNN Student News  -- October 24 , 2014 From science and social studies to civics and seaworthiness , a variety of subjects are covered this Friday on CNN Student News . We discuss a Canadian sergeant-at-arms who 's being hailed as a hero . We examine a report on alleged academic fraud at a prominent U.S. university . And we explore the intelligent information gleaned from crash test dummies . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . What European country most recently dropped out of the process to host the 2022 Winter Olympic Games ? 2 . In what African country , formerly known as Zaire , would you find the Ebola River ? 3 . What famous landmark in St. Louis , Missouri has n't been cleaned since it was completed in 1965 ? 4 . Doctors believe the maximum incubation period for the Ebola virus is how many days ? 5 . What African nation 's government said it recently reached a deal with terrorists to free hundreds of kidnapped schoolgirls ? 6 . What comet , named for an observatory in Australia , hurtled past Mars this week ? 7 . Drivers at what age are the most likely to have a crash with injuries , according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety ? 8 . Followers of what religion , the world 's third-largest , celebrated the festival of Diwali this week ? 9 . What is the capital of Canada ? 10 . What U.S. university is grappling with a scandal allegedly involving thousands of students and academic fraud ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- A quick tweet or Facebook post could put you behind bars in the Philippines under a new cyber law , according to activists . The Cybercrime Prevention Act of 2012 came into effect Wednesday despite widespread protests among netizens , journalists and free speech activists . "  Reaction has been overwhelming . This is quite unprecedented , " said Carlos Conde of Human Rights Watch in Manila . "  I have n't seen this kind of uprising from the online community in the Philippines . This is a setback for one of the most social-media savvy countries . " The Philippines had a steadily rising 28 million internet users in 2011 , approximately 30 % of the population , according to the World Bank , placing it among the top 20 nations for internet use . Before the law came into effect , the Philippines was ranked the most "  free " in Asia , according to the 2012 Freedom House report on internet freedom . The Philippines ranked sixth globally , after the United States , Australia and other European nations . The new law addresses an array of content and computer-related offenses , including cybersex , child pornography , unsolicited commercial communications and identity theft . The act also states that there will be "  special cybercrime courts manned by specially trained judges to handle cybercrime cases . " Critics of the law , who are calling it the "  new martial law online , " are against a provision that criminalizes libel . "  The law is so vague in many respects ; it is being interpreted in many ways -- comparing ` liking ' something on Facebook to an investigative exposÃ © -- the law has to be clear , " Conde said . "  It 's almost like an afterthought -- the libel portion was put there haphazardly . " Existing libel laws of the Philippines were dubbed "  excessive " by the United Nations in October 2011 . Local news organizations and civil rights groups mobilized to file a petition against the law , which they believe "  establishes a regime of cyber authoritarianism . " The petition has sought a restraining order against enforcement of the new law . "  You never know what 's going to trigger these libel offenses ... -LSB- the law -RSB- goes against overall freedom of press and expression . It is motivated by personal experiences -- they do n't like what you say and then you are penalized for it , " said Gayathri Venkateswaran of the Southeast Asian Press Alliance . Other points of the new law have been contentious , such as the "  take-down " provision , which enables the Department of Justice to order removal of defamatory content without due process . The Philippines government , in a statement , acknowledged the questions over the "  constitutionality of certain provisions of the Act " but also called on "  critics of the cybercrime Act to speak out against online vandalism and bullying with as much vigor and passion as they expressed in their objections to certain provisions of the law . " The new law "  is quite good ... except for the item on libel , " said Jacques DY Gimeno , a contributor to the Freedom House report . "  At least the government is now dealing with cybercrime . "  Self-censorship will go up , internet users will have a sense of needing to police themselves , " she added . On the future of the cybercrime law , Gimeno said , "  It will probably be modified because it is so unpopular . People are taking note of the legislators who voted for the law ; to pacify voters they will amend to mask the actual intention . "	A new tough law on cybercime came into effect Wednesday in the Philippines Comes despite protests among netizens , journalists and free speech activists The Philippines has been ranked the most "  free " internet nation in Asia Critics of the law are against provisions that criminalize libel
EW.com  -- In the 1920s-set gangland drama "  Lawless , " Tom Hardy sheds the metal face-hugger he wore in "  The Dark Knight Rises " and shows you what an eloquent actor he can be . He plays Forrest Bondurant , the leader of a family of bootleggers in the Virginia hills . Several years into Prohibition , Forrest learns that his status as a lone-wolf operator is threatened . An effete psycho played by a wildly grotesque Guy Pearce leads a band of government flunkies in bed with the Mob -- and they all want in on the action . To Forrest , though , running his moonshine racket as an independent business is his right as an American . Taking this stand means he 's going to face an army of goons , and Hardy , speaking in low , flat , almost musically macho tones , has the bruiser charisma of a caveman Kevin Costner . It 's not the money he 's clinging to -- it 's the freedom . Sage Stallone died from heart condition "  Lawless " is really a Western , with Forrest guarding his turf as fearlessly as Gary Cooper in "  High Noon " or Warren Beatty in "  McCabe & Mrs. Miller . " The film , written by Nick Cave and directed by John Hillcoat , is a sturdy piece of traditionalism with outrÃ © touches  like Mark Lanegan 's cover of the Velvet Underground 's " White Light/White Heat , " the perfect anachronistic filigree for a story about white lightning  . ` Possession ' aims to seize box office crown But "  Lawless " still felt remote to me . The surrounding drama  Shia LaBeouf as the Bondurant kid brother , a greenhorn who learns to fight like a man ; Jessica Chastain as a barkeep who swoons for Forrest  is stuffy and derivative . Hardy 's presence is compelling , but the film comes fully alive only when it turns bloody . At those moments , though , it has the kick of a mule . Grade : B See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tom Hardy is eloquent in the 1920s-set gangland drama "  Lawless " The film , written by Nick Cave and directed by John Hillcoat , is a sturdy piece of traditionalism Hardy 's presence is compelling , but the film comes fully alive only when it turns bloody
CNN  -- As the toll of international sanctions on Iran continues to mount , Iran 's new President Hassan Rouhani has signaled his government 's interest in addressing the world 's concerns over his nation 's nuclear program , and easing the pain on the Iranian economy . Rouhani 's recent statements , tweets and appointments have underscored a possible willingness to resolve the nuclear problem . He told NBC News Wednesday that Iran will never develop nuclear weapons . At the United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York next week , Rouhani is expected to affirm his interest in resolving the issue . In another positive step , President Barack Obama and Rouhani have exchanged lettersâ $ " the first direct communication at this level between the two countries in many , many years . Explaining that this does not yet mean there is a breakthrough , President Obama indicated that he expects negotiations to be difficult and take time . "  Negotiations with the Iranians is always difficult , " Obama said to George Stephanopoulos on Sunday . "  I think this new president is not going to suddenly make it easy . " Indeed , there is little reason to necessarily believe that everything has suddenly changed for the better . After years of intransigence , many wonder whether Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , who holds overwhelming authority , is ready to make honest concessions . Furthermore , it 's not yet clear whether Iran understands that a mere change in rhetoric wo n't mean automatic sanctions relief . In fact , only its concrete actions to resolve the nuclear questions will lead to a meaningful relief of sanctions . And when they come , those actions may initially be incremental , negotiated to test the willingness of both sides to take confidence-building actions that will lead to more comprehensive progress . The United States should not dismiss Iran 's rhetoric and its apparent litmus testing as insignificant . Though a deal will be difficult , as many negotiations are , it 's not impossible to reach an agreement if Iran is willing to take the steps necessary . That , of course , is still a big "  if . " It 's no secret among diplomats and experts what a final deal will probably look like : Iran will retain a small level of enrichment capability under a very strict regimen of inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency , which will also have ready access . So far , such a deal has never been in reach ; the United States and its diplomatic partners still have a long way to go . Because of this , some would rather continue to fight for complete Iranian capitulation and zero ability to conduct nuclear activities of any sort , a result that does not allow the Iranian regime a chance to "  save face . " This "  all-or-nothing " outcome is simply not realistically attainable by means short of a major military intervention . As a result , the United States should be exhausting all diplomatic opportunities to reach an agreement that best preserves its security and the security of the region , while allowing the Iranians a chance to reach a settlement they can live with . Congress has an important role in this delicate moment . Though the United States should remain skeptical of Iranian intentions , it should not turn down an opportunity that may be presenting itself . One of its biggest bargaining chips is the congressional sanctions , the presence of which , at this point , could be misinterpreted as an unwillingness to support a diplomatic solution . Congress needs to be flexible in its approach and refrain at this time from tacking on additional sanctions or authorizing military force if it is serious about giving diplomacy the room it needs to operate and not missing a possible opening . Ultimately , it wo n't be easy to resolve a decade 's worth of issues over Iran 's drive for a nuclear capability . But there is also no better time to put the Iranians to the test and see if they are truly willing to play ball and match their actions to their rhetoric on the diplomatic scene . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Terri S. Lodge and Matthew Wallin .	Terri Lodge , Matthew Wallin : Iran president Rouhani shows signs of wanting to resolve nuke issue They say UN General Assembly this month will offer chance to affirm this . Do his words matter ? They say Iran , U.S. both testing . U.S. will want concrete actions before easing sanctions Writers : Congress must be flexible and be willing on diplomatic solution
Seventy seconds : That 's how long a North Carolina family says it took for things to go horribly wrong as they sought police help dealing with their mentally ill son . Keith Vidal , 18 , died Sunday . According to CNN affiliate WECT , he was just shot 1 minute and 10 seconds after a third law enforcement officer showed up at his Brunswick County home . The three officers all were from different jurisdictions , and family members say that the third officer -- who came from a nearby city -- turned what had been an improving situation into an unnecessarily aggressive encounter that ended in their son 's death . "  There was no reason to shoot this kid , " the teen 's stepfather , Mark Wilsey , told WECT on Monday . "  They killed my son in cold blood . We called for help , and they killed my son . " Although the state Bureau of Investigation is looking into the shooting , the chief prosecutor for the state 's 13th Judicial District , which includes Brunswick County , says it 's way too early to characterize what happened . "  I think that we can certainly understand why this family is upset right now , " the Wilmington Star-News newspaper quoted District Attorney Jon David as saying . "  They just lost a child , and certainly my thoughts and prayers are with them . But what they want from this office today is justice , and I intend to give them exactly that . " CNN first learned of the shooting through an iReport sent by a family friend . The iReport received more than 50,000 views in 24 hours . The incident happened Sunday afternoon when the mother and stepfather of the Boiling Spring Lakes man called police . According to stepbrother Mark Ryan Wilsey , Vidal had schizophrenia and "  was having an episode , " and his parents wanted police to subdue him so he could get help . "  He 's not doing very good . You 've got to get him someplace , " a man who identified himself as Vidal 's stepfather said on a 911 call , a copy of which was obtained by WECT . "  He wants to fight his mother . ... She 's scared to death of him right now . " The caller said that Vidal "  wo n't take his medication " and that his family has had "  to put him in before ,  and  he 's getting real bad again . " "  He 's just , he 's not right , " he said . Two officers arrived and began talking with Vidal , according to CNN affiliate WWAY . The situation was relatively calm until a third officer -- a detective from the nearby city of Southport -- arrived , the family said . "  Everything was going good , " Mark Wilsey said , according to WWAY . "  Then this fat cop from Southport walks in the room , walks around the corner , says , ` We do n't have time for this . Tase that kid now . Let 's get him out of here . ' " The stepfather said Vidal tried to run but was struck with two Taser charges and fell backward . He said the first two officers to respond got on top of Vidal . WECT attributed a slightly different accounting of events to Mark Wilsey . In that retelling , the stepfather said officers had pinned Vidal to the ground after he had been tased and one of the officers said , "  We do n't have time for this " and shot his stepson . Seventy seconds after the third officer arrived , WECT reported , citing police records , police radioed that they had had to shoot the teenager in self-defense . Mark Ryan Wilsey , who was not at the house but rushed there in an "  absolute panic " and claimed that police restrained him , said his family is outraged by what happened and determined to get justice . "  We want the truth to be out there , " he said . "  We do n't want the good ole cops system to play out something that ai n't the truth . " Authorities have not released the exact sequence of events , including how and by whom Vidal was shot . A Southport officer has been placed on paid administrative leave in connection with the shooting , Police Chief Jerry Dove said Tuesday . Authorities have declined to say whether he was the officer who shot Vidal . The Brunswick County sheriff 's deputy sent to the scene has been "  cleared , " office spokeswoman Emily Flax said . A review conducted by its Office of Professional Standards found that the deputy did not violate policy , Flax added . Boiling Spring Lakes Police Chief Brad Shirley said the same thing Tuesday of that department 's officer , who was the first to arrive on the scene . The department said in a statement that , after an "  internal review , " it concluded that the Boiling Spring Lakes police officer who responded did not violate department policy or state law . Neither the district attorney nor the state Bureau of Investigation returned messages seeking comment Tuesday . CNN iReporter Anthony Owens , whom Mark Ryan Wilsey described as a good friend of the family 's , described Vidal as a slight young man who was never violent despite his mental illness . "  All he wanted to do was play drums , " Owens said . "  He was so awesome . " The late teen 's stepbrother said he did everything with Vidal -- hunting , fishing , sports and more -- describing him as a "  good kid . " "  He was my little buddy , " Mark Ryan Wilsey said . Owens said the incident highlights the need for more understanding and awareness of mental illness . "  I was devastated by the news and am desperate to find some kind of good that could come from this horrible situation , " Owens said . Mark Ryan Wilsey offered a similar sentiment , saying his family hopes to start a foundation to help the mentally ill like Vidal . "  We 're uniting together , and we 're going to make this go public , " he said of the family 's collaboration with Owens . "  Because the way my brother got treated ai n't right . "	Spokeswoman says sheriff 's office clears its deputy who was at the scene Schizophrenic teen "  was having an episode " when parents called for help , family says Family says police officer shot Keith Vidal after saying , "  We do n't have time for this " One officer has been placed on leave in connection with the incident
Botswana may not be the first country you 'd associate with head banging and shredding guitar solos , but in recent years its heavy metal scene has been making a name for itself . Back in June 2012 , CNN 's Inside Africa traveled to the southern African country of Botswana to meet up with some of the country 's metal heads , and found the bands ' powerful riffs were matched by the fans ' passion -- and a penchant for the old-school metal getup of leather , studs and cowboy hats . "  Metal is a music about power , independence and freedom , " said Giuseppe Sbrana , singer of local band Skinflint . "  That 's what I believe in -- fighting for what you believe in no matter the consequences . Standing up for what you believe in and showing individuality . " South African photographer Frank Marshall captured Botswana 's rockers in all their Hell 's Angels-style glory as part of his "  Renegades " series of portraits . "  Metal was seeded here -LSB- in Botswana -RSB- by a classic rock band that started in the early 70s . Since then , it 's evolved and grown , " he said . "  In the last 10 to 20 years , it 's come to be visually composed of what it looks like now -- the guys dressed in leather . It started off with classic rock and later on more extreme forms of metal were introduced . " Read this : Somali rappers defy bullets , death threats Nearly two years after that first meeting , CNN caught up with Marshall to find out how the country 's fledgling metal scene is developing . "  The difference is quite extreme , " said Marshall . "  Before then it was largely unknown and now there seems to be a lot of interest . If you look over the internet people have a lot of interest in this new form . "  The last frontier of rock and metal music is African now , is what people are saying , so they are very interested in seeing this scene grow from its , sort of , infancy and seeing where it could go . " And Marshall thinks African bands could one day bang heads with the biggest international names in stadium rock . "  I think it 's just going to take hold and grow rapidly , " he said . "  Africa will start producing very notable international rock bands and metal bands as well and probably in 10 years ' time it wo n't be unusual to see bands from Africa headlining big stages and sharing stages with bands like Metallica . It 's not beyond reason -- I 'd like to see that happen . " Skinflint 's Sbrana also believes that dream could be realized . "  Considering the feedback and support we have received from abroad , I would say that it is a strong possibility , " he said . "  In fact , Africa already has metal bands which have toured Europe , and if given the chance , we will deliver . " Since Inside Africa met them in 2012 , Skinflint have gone on to tour Southern Africa and Kenya -- even headlining two concerts in Sweden last year . They are now working on their fifth studio album . Sbrana says the local metal movement has gone from strength to strength in the last couple of years . "  There has been a strong interest in the African metal scene , " he says . "  It has grown both locally and internationally . As for the music , I would say that the band has matured and is further expanding on the African metal genre by incorporating more elements from African culture into our music . " For those Africans about to rock , we salute you . For more on Botswana 's metal heads , read the original story here .	Botswana has a vibrant heavy metal scene CNN wrote about the scene in 2012 - now find out what happened next Band "  Skinflint " recently toured Sweden and are recording their fifth album "  The last frontier of rock and metal music is African , " says photographer Frank Marshall
CNN  -- He should n't even have been playing but Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic played a vital role in ensuring his side held Barcelona to a 2-2 draw in an engrossing Champions League quarterfinal in the French capital on Tuesday . The Swede was originally banned for the first leg but after winning an appeal with UEFA last week , the 31-year-old scored PSG 's first equalizer before setting up their second for Blaise Matuidi , who scored with the very last kick of an entertaining game . Barcelona 's sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta had raised questions about Ibrahimovic 's eligibility before the match , after PSG succeeded in halving a two-game ban following the former Barca player 's dismissal against Valencia in the Round of 16 . Zubizarreta may have been shaking his head in knowing fashion at the end , as may coach Tito Vilanova who returned to the Barca bench for the first time in two months following cancer treatment as the French league leaders hosted their Spanish counterparts . The four-time European champions led at halftime with Lionel Messi having converted Dani Alves ' exquisite pass after 38 minutes but Barca fans will be worried by the hamstring pull the Argentine suffered at the end of the first period . It prevented him from reappearing for the second half and in the absence of a player with 57 goals , Vilanova 's side struggled to break down a PSG team who stuck to their game plan , one which featured a surprise call-up for former Real Madrid midfielder David Beckham . The England man , 37 , was playing his first Champions League tie since appearing for Milan in 2010 and departed -- moments after being booked -- with 20 minutes to play , whereupon the drama began to unfold . Eleven minutes from time , Ibrahimovic -- who signed a five-year deal with Barcelona in 2009 but whose spell at the Nou Camp was so unhappy he left after just twelve months -- converted from close range , despite being in an offside position , as he reacted quickest to a towering header against the post by the outstanding Thiago Silva . With two minutes left , PSG 's hard work seemed empty as Xavi converted a penalty but redemption came in the 94th minute as Ibrahimovic -- who had had a goal disallowed moments earlier -- guided a knockdown to Matuidi , who fired home thanks to a slight deflection . "  They have an amazing team who keep the ball very well but in the first half , we had some amazing chances and if we had put one of them away it could have been different , " Beckham told ITV television after the match . "  I think we deserved the draw . I 'm enjoying being part of these nights again . They are very special . They do n't get better than this . We 'll go to their place and it could be difficult , but there 's no reason why we ca n't get a result . " "  We all hope Messi is fit and ready to go - we wish him the best , " added Beckham , who had warmly embraced the Argentine before the game . The late equalizer ensured that PSG -- whose fortunes have immeasurably improved in recent times thanks to the significant spending of the club 's Qatari owners -- defended their six-year unbeaten home record in Europe . Barcelona , meanwhile , have now won just three of their last 15 knock-out ties away from home in the Champions League . "  We have paid a heavy price because we lost Leo Messi and  Javier  Mascherano , who could be out for four to six weeks , " said assistant Barca coch Jordi Roura . "  With Messi we shall see what the scans say on Wednesday . " "  There were also some questionable refereeing decisions and what is not up for debate is that we deserved better . Ibra 's goal was certainly offside . I do n't know what this will do for PSG 's morale in that they twice came back but for us it is a favorable result . " The dramatic finale added extra gloss to a game which PSG , whose average attendances were worryingly low just two years ago , say they could have sold up to a million tickets for , with the club contesting a first Champions League quarterfinal in 18 years -- with the return leg coming next Wednesday . In Germany , it was business as usual for Bayern Munich as last year 's Champions League runners up hosted Juventus three days after thrashing Hamburg 9-2 in the Bundesliga . Like the game in Paris , this clash also pitted league leaders against one another -- with Bayern demonstrating their strength in depth by starting with Claudio Pizarro , who netted four goals against Hamburg , on the bench . The hosts were the far stronger side in Munich and dominated proceedings in a 2-0 win , so much so that they may feel a little aggrieved to only lead by goals from David Alaba -- after 26 seconds -- and Thomas Mueller . "  It was a very intense game and our attacking players invested a lot into defensive work , which displayed great commitment , " said goalscorer Mueller . "  It 's a bit of a shame that we did n't score a third goal . " Bayern were also rocked by a groin injury to Toni Kroos , which could keep the midfielder out for six weeks . "  We know there is still the return leg to play and we can certainly hope for a comeback , " rallied Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo . "  Bayern played better than us for the entire 90 minutes . It was very difficult for us to play our normal game . " By the time they meet again , Bayern may be the German champions as they can wrap up the title on Saturday should the Bundesliga leaders , who have a 20-point lead , win at Eintracht Frankfurt .	Ibrahimovic scores one and makes on as PSG hold Barcelona to a 2-2 draw in Paris Lionel Messi opens the scoring but is forced off with a hamstring injury Bayern Munich impress in a comprehensive 2-0 defeat of Juventus
CNN  -- An atheist sign criticizing Christianity that was erected alongside a Nativity scene was taken from the Legislative Building in Olympia , Washington , on Friday and later found in a ditch . The Freedom from Religion Foundation had a placard up in the Legislative Building in Olympia , Washington . An employee from country radio station KMPS-FM in Seattle told CNN the sign was dropped off at the station by someone who found it in a ditch . "  I thought it would be safe , " Freedom From Religion Foundation co-founder Annie Laurie Gaylor told CNN earlier Friday . "  It 's always a shock when your sign is censored or stolen or mutilated . It 's not something you get used to . " The sign , which celebrates the winter solstice , has had some residents and Christian organizations calling atheists Scrooges because they said it was attacking the celebration of Jesus Christ 's birth . "  Religion is but myth and superstition that hardens hearts and enslaves minds , " the sign from the Freedom From Religion Foundation says in part . The sign , which was at the Legislative Building at 6:30 a.m. PT , was gone by 7:30 a.m. , Gaylor said . The incident will not stifle the group 's message , Gaylor said . Before reports of the placard 's recovery , she said a temporary sign with the same message would be placed in the building 's Rotunda . Gaylor said a note would be attached saying , "  Thou shalt not steal . " "  I guess they do n't follow their own commandments , " Gaylor said . "  There 's nothing out there with the atheist point of view , and now there is such a firestorm that we have the audacity to exist . And then -LSB- whoever took the sign -RSB- stifles our speech . " Gaylor said that police are checking security cameras pointed at the building 's entrances and exits to see if they can see anyone stealing the sign . "  It 's probably about 50 pounds , " Gaylor said . "  My brother-in-law was huffing and puffing carrying it up the stairs . It 's definitely not something you can stick under your arm or conceal . " The Washington State Patrol , which is handling the incident , could not be reached for comment . Dan Barker , a former evangelical preacher and co-founder of the group , said it was important for atheists to see their viewpoints validated alongside everyone else 's . Barker said the display is especially important given that 25 percent of Washington state residents are unaffiliated with religion or do not believe in God .  A recent survey by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found 23 percent of Washingtonians said they were unaffiliated with a religion and 7 percent said they did n't believe in God . "  It 's not that we are trying to coerce anyone ; in a way our sign is a signal of protest , " Barker said . "  If there can be a Nativity scene saying that we are all going to hell if we do n't bow down to Jesus , we should be at the table to share our views . " He said if anything , it 's the Nativity scene that is the intrusion . "  Most people think December is for Christians and view our signs as an intrusion , when actually it 's the other way around , " he said . "  People have been celebrating the winter solstice long before Christmas . We see Christianity as the intruder , trying to steal the holiday from all of us humans . " The scene in Washington state is not unfamiliar . Barker has had signs in Madison , Wisconsin , for 13 years . The placard is often turned around so the message ca n't be seen , and one year , someone threw acid on it , forcing the group to encase it in Plexiglas . In Washington , D.C. , the American Humanist Association began a bus ad campaign this month questioning belief in God . "  Why believe in a God ? " the advertisement asks . "  Just be good for goodness sake . " That ad has caused the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority to field hundreds of complaints , the group said , but it has heard just as much positive feedback , said Fred Edwords , the association 's spokesman . Edwords said the ad campaign , which features a shrugging Santa Claus , was not meant to attack Christmas but rather to reach out to an untapped audience . Edwords maintains the campaign began in December mostly because the group had extra money left over for the year . The connection to Christmas is a coincidence , he said . "  There are a lot of people out there who do n't know there are organizations like ours to serve their needs , " Edwords said . "  The thing is , to reach a minority group , in order to be heard , everyone in the room has to hear you , even when they do n't want to . " The ad campaign , Edwords said , is to make people think . He said he does n't expect to "  convert " anyone . But the Christian Coalition of America is urging members to oppose the advertisements . "  Although a number of humanists and atheists continue to attempt to rid God and Christmas from the public square , the American people are overwhelmingly opposed to such efforts , " Roberta Combs , the group 's president said in a press release . "  We will ask our millions of supporters to call the city of Washington , D.C. , and Congress to stop this un-Godly campaign . " As far as the criticism goes , Edwords said there are far more controversial placards in Washington . "  That 's D.C. -- this is a political center , " he said . "  If I can see a placard with dead fetuses on it , I think someone can look at our question and just think about it . " The anger over the display in Olympia began after it was assembled Monday . The sentiment grew after some national media personalities called upon viewers to flood the phone lines of the governor 's office . The governor 's office told The Seattle Times it received more than 200 calls an hour afterward . "  I happen to be a Christian , and I do n't agree with the display that is up there , " Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire told The Olympian newspaper . "  But that does n't mean that as governor , I have the right to deny their ability to express their free speech . " For some , the issue is n't even that the atheists are putting their thoughts on display , but rather the way in which they are doing it . "  They are shooting themselves in the foot , " said iReport contributor Rich Phillips , who describes himself as an atheist . "  Everyone 's out there for the holidays , trying to represent their religion , their beliefs , and it 's a time to be positive . " The atheist message was never intended to attack anyone , Barker said . "  When people ask us , ` Why are you hateful ? Why are you putting up something critical of people 's holidays ? -- we respond that we kind of feel that the Christian message is the hate message , " he said . "  On that Nativity scene , there is this threat of internal violence if we do n't submit to that master . Hate speech goes both ways . "	NEW : Placard from Washington state Capitol found in a ditch , radio station says Atheists ' place placard was next to Nativity scene in Olympia , Washington , building Sign calls religion a myth that "  hardens hearts and enslaves minds " Some residents , Christian groups say atheists attacking celebration of Jesus ' birth
CNN  -- Being a good father is attracting attention these days . Consider : A&E Network plans a new reality show this fall about dads who work at home , called "  Modern Dads . " The Fox network has ordered a new series co-written by Seth MacFarlane called "  Dads . " NBC 's "  Parenthood , " which features some dads at home , has been renewed for a fifth season . Amazon.com carries more than 100,000 books about how to be a father , almost as many as it sells on how to be a mother . Search on Google for "  being a good father or dad " and you get about 600 million results . Government agencies and private organizations spend millions of dollars promoting responsible fatherhood . Even prisons have caught the fever , offering young incarcerated fathers classes on coping with baby tantrums and preparing baby food . Here 's the problem : Despite the hoopla over involved dads , more children than ever live without a father in the home . In 1960 , the figure was one out of 10 children . Today it 's one out of three . A new study sponsored by the Guttmacher Institute suggests one reason why . Research shows that four out of every 10 new fathers -- especially younger , less-educated men -- said their babies ' births were unintended . And we know from research that those fathers , in particular those who are not married to their children 's mothers , are more likely to walk away from the family than fathers whose children were planned . Could it be that by focusing so much attention on how to be a good father , we have failed to talk enough about when to become a father ? Over the last half-century , fathers have tripled the amount of time they spend with their kids , but that 's only about half as much time as mothers spend . Television studios may be excited about dads who work at home , but in fact such fathers are only 3.4 % of parents at home full time . We consider contraception "  a female problem . " We discuss the timing of pregnancy and parenting less often with young men than with young women , and even family planning programs have n't been very successful in reaching the guys . This may help explain why 18 - to 29-year-old men , who say it is important to avoid pregnancy "  right now , " are more than twice as likely as young women to say they would be pleased if they found out that their partner was pregnant , according to a 2010 report by The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy . The report said this was true both for men living with their partners and those who were not . Perhaps some of those men hold on to the tired assumption that fathering a child makes them manlier . Perhaps others are genuinely interested in having a child . What we know for sure , says Kelleen Kaye , co-author of "  The Fog Zone , " is that if being a parent is harder than men thought it would be , "  they can easily leave their partners holding the bag . " And many young fathers do that . In fact the proportion of mothers in this country who are single , 36 % , is rising , particularly among low-income mothers , and it shows no signs of slowing down . Fatherhood should begin not with having a baby , but being thoughtful earlier about how one would support a child . Questions about becoming a father are not that different from those for a would-be mother : Are you in a stable , committed relationship ? How well do you and your partner know each other ? How much do you trust each other ? Do you have enough education to secure a good job ? If you and/or your partner are employed , do you earn enough to support your family ? Are you ready for the lifelong responsibilities of being a parent ? There are other considerations for men who want to be involved fathers that are not so obvious . Stewart Friedman , management professor at the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School , raised some of them in a recent blog for Harvard Business Review . Men are increasingly interested in "  engaging more fully as caregivers and homemakers , " he wrote , but gender stereotypes hold them back . "  Men may wonder , what if I 'm just not a good dad ? What if I 'm perceived by my friends as unmanly because I 'm doing ` women 's work ? ' What if my children seem me as a poor role model because I 'm not the main breadwinner ? What if my boss thinks I 'm less committed because I 'm not at the office as much as the other guys at my level ? " These are all good , important questions to think about before starting a family . Because the best thing you can do to be a good father is to wait until you 're ready to be a father . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Stepp .	Laura Stepp : Lots of new shows , books and programs on being a good father these days That 's good , she says , but fewer and fewer American families have a dad at home Fathers more likely to walk away when a child was unplanned , she says Stepp : Let 's emphasize that the best way to be a good dad is to wait till you 're ready
CNN  -- They are the famous voices . The actors whose names and faces you may not know -- but they 're aiming to change that . Every July , at San Diego Comic-Con , voice actors enjoy major celebrity status along with A-list stars who do on-camera acting . It 's a welcome change for the never-seen actors who may usually go unnoticed . Following CNN 's 2012 interviews with several voice actors , John DiMaggio  best known as Bender on "  Futurama " and Jake on "  Adventure Time "  had been finishing work on a documentary that sought to pay tribute to those unsung famous voices behind animated icons . "  I Know That Voice , " is set to make a splash with a Comic-Con panel Thursday , and features interviews with multiple generations of voice-over artists including Tom Kenny  SpongeBob Squarepants  and 95-year-old June Foray  Rocky the Flying Squirrel  . CNN recently spoke with DiMaggio , and the film 's director Lawrence Shapiro , as well as veteran voice actress Tara Strong from the new animated series "  Teen Titans Go ! " Strong is also known for her work on "  Rugrats , " "  Powerpuff Girls , " and "  My Little Pony : Friendship is Magic . " "  Adventure Time , " "  Powerpuff Girls " and "  Teen Titans Go ! " all air on Cartoon Network which , like CNN , is a subsidiary of Time Warner  . Comic Con 2013 : What we ca n't wait to see CNN : Where did the idea for this documentary originate ? John DiMaggio : Larry -LSB- Shapiro -RSB- and I were in Amsterdam for a thing we 've been doing for a long time called "  Jam in the ` Dam . " We 'd just been talking about stuff we wanted to do and Larry said we should do something about voiceover . "  I Know That Voice " came from that . Shapiro : You 'd see people enjoy John on one level as an emcee , then he would bust out a voice like Bender and you 'd see everyone 's jaw drop . DiMaggio : I got a bunch of people I work with on a regular basis to come talk to us . I owe a lot of people a lot of favors now , so I 'm screwed . I kind of wanted to make a valentine to the folks I work with , and give a little face-time to these folks who entertain so many people all of the time and do n't really get credit . It is a close-knit group of people , and it 's a group of actors that really look out for each other . It 's a competitive industry and these people are the least competitive and some of the most talented . It 's just a really good group of people and that 's what we wanted to show in the film . Strong : We all know each other and we see each other wherever we go . It 's usually the same 10 or 20 people on every show at a time . The nice thing about the voice acting community is there 's this camaraderie , we know there 's work for everyone . You do n't get the same sort of cattiness that you 'd get on camera . It 's not about what you look like . I 'm pretty amazed by voice actors every day . CNN : How often do you get recognized ? DiMaggio : People are starting to recognize me at these conventions , but as soon as I walk away from the convention , people do n't really know who I am , which is great because I love flying under the radar . Strong : Anytime around the conventions , we 're suddenly superstars . DiMaggio : You get these more mainstream projects and suddenly you 're walking down the street and someone says , "  Hey man you do that voice ! " That 's a strange thing . I did n't get into this business to be famous ; I got into this to work . CNN : Do you ever breathe a sigh of relief when you see on-camera celebrities getting mobbed ? DiMaggio : Yeah , do I really want to have to invest in hand sanitizer ? I 'm good . CNN : How easily can you call upon all of your various characters ? Strong : Once I create a character , they live up there in my head . Some people say , "  I want to get into voice acting because I have an interesting voice , " but there 's so much more to it than that , bringing characters to life through your acting abilities . I do n't even know where they come from half the time , they 're in there -- whenever it 's time to play , they come out and they do n't get mixed up . CNN : What do you think of the rise of "  name " actors getting involved in animated features after the success of "  Aladdin , " "  Shrek " and "  Madagascar ? " DiMaggio : That 's a difficult call , from a producer 's standpoint you want to bring in names just to create a buzz . Sure , but in the long run , kids do n't really care who 's doing the voice as long as it 's good . It 's a constant dilemma that we in the trenches have to deal with all the time . They 're starting to cast names a lot more in cartoons , because a lot of people are becoming hip to the job . "  Really , I do n't have to go to the makeup trailer and wait 10 hours to shoot one scene ? " It 's an interesting thing that names are coming out of the woodwork . But if you 're a producer , if you want to make money , you got ta spend money , I suppose , in that vein . There 's enough to go around I think . Strong : I 've been doing it for over 25 years and others doing it even longer . Sometimes they 'll give millions of dollars to an on-camera celebrity who is n't as convincing as one of the voiceover greats . It 's nice to see  voiceover actors  get more recognition , that 's for sure . Going to Comic-Con ? Share your 15 second interviews	Voice actors are treated as big celebrities at events like Comic-Con , but less so otherwise The new documentary "  I Know That Voice " sets out to acknowledge the work John DiMaggio  ` Futurama '  laments the rise in big stars doing voices Still , there 's plenty of work to go around , DiMaggio says
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Three and a half years ago , I ran a mile with nine men who were living at the Sunday Breakfast Rescue Mission in Philadelphia , . Wanting to start a running club at this homeless shelter came from passing this facility on my morning run and seeing a group of men congregating outside on the corner . I was quickly drawn to them as they reminded me a lot of my dad , who I love dearly but unfortunately has suffered from addiction to drugs , alcohol and gambling for much of his life . My dad and I have always had a very special , sarcastic rapport and one of the hardest things I have gone through was being a teenager and not being able to figure out a way to save my dad from his gambling addiction , which ended up tearing apart our family . Chilean miners to attend CNN Heroes tribute To save myself from the despair , I ran a lot , and 10 years later is when I finally found the road that made my life make sense and it started with these nine guys . I thought in some spiritual cosmic way that I could vicariously help my dad by helping these men . Running does n't discriminate . It does n't matter whether you 're white , black , rich , poor , homeless or not . I wanted to share this sport with these guys in hopes they would reap the same benefits I did -- better self-esteem , confidence and discipline . But , it did n't take long to see that it was turning into so much more . An environment had been created where people , regardless of race , religion or socio-economic status , were treated with respect , appreciation and genuine care and concern for each other . It was an environment that had been missing from their lives , and it was amazing to watch the changes in attitude and behavior that were occurring . A vision quickly formed about building a program . It would start with running , and through dedication , hard work and commitment , we would connect our members to job training and educational programs , employment partners and housing opportunities , but only when our members were ready for those steps . Each person would also have the opportunity to earn approved grant money to move his or her life forward . Today , Back on My Feet has operations in five cities  Philadelphia ; Baltimore , Maryland ; Washington ; Chicago , Illinois ; and Boston , Massachusetts  and works with 29 homeless shelters . The organization has more than 400 active members and has helped close to 450 individuals find a better road in life . We are expanding to five more cities in 2011 , of which four have been chosen -- Indianapolis , Indiana ; Dallas , Texas ; Minneapolis , Minnesota ; and Atlanta , Georgia . It 's amazing how we forget that as people , we have similar traits , whether we 're homeless or not . Maslow 's hierarchy of needs explains this best . When we are hungry , our No. 1 priority becomes looking for food . When it 's cold outside , we seek shelter . Right above those needs is an innate desire to be recognized , valued , appreciated , loved and cared for . These desires , just like those of food and shelter , do not become less important as we grow older . Think about the reasons why you may have quit a job or a relationship . Chances are feeling unappreciated or undervalued is one of them . The only way for real change to happen in someone 's life is for that person to voluntarily participate in making those changes . Many programs try and force people to do things , but when does forcing anyone to do anything ever have long-lasting sustainable results ? Take this simple example . Let 's say you have a 6-year old who hates vegetables and wo n't eat them . So , you tell him if he does n't eat his vegetables that he wo n't be able to play with his favorite toy . As long as you are there to enforce that rule , your 6-year old may very well eat his vegetables . But what happens when he is at a friend 's house and that rule does n't apply ? This method does not solve the problem . You have to figure out a way to get your kid to want to eat his vegetables and that is done by giving the vegetables value in a way that your child can relate to . What if instead you told your child that it is vegetables , not candy or soda , that will make him big and strong like his dad or older brother ? Back on My Feet takes this approach to the homeless community . We do not offer food or shelter , which in turn means we do n't use threat tactics around those basic human needs . The choice to get up at 5:30 a.m. and come out to run is one that is voluntary . Everyone -- those who are homeless and those who are not -- are there because they want to be . They are there because they have found an environment that offers them respect , value , appreciation and friendship . When you offer that to someone , it is extraordinary what can happen . While Back on My Feet 's first priority is to help people discover their potential and capabilities to get them on a road filled with hope , happiness and prosperity , its mission is to also remind us that while there are many differences between us , there are more similarities . By focusing on those similarities , we are reminded that we are all on the same team . I am humbled every day by the people invested in Back on My Feet 's mission , and together we have the ability to make real , positive , sustainable change in the world ... one mile at a time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne M. Mahlum .	Anne M. Mahlum founded Back on My Feet to help the homeless in Philadelphia Back on My Feet works with 29 homeless shelters and has more than 400 active members Mahlum : Participation must be voluntary for people to make real changes in their lives People have a desire to be recognized , valued , appreciated , loved and cared for , she says
CNN  -- The president of South Africa lashed out Tuesday at NATO 's enforcement of the U.N. resolution authorizing the organization to act to protect innocent civilians threatened by Libya 's civil war . "  We strongly believe that the resolution is being abused for regime change , political assassinations and foreign military occupation , " said Jacob Zuma at a budget vote debate before the National Assembly in Cape Town . "  These actions undermine the efforts of the African Union in finding solutions to the problems facing its member states , " he said in an appeal that called on all parties to respect international humanitarian law and called further for reform of the U.N. Security Council . When the council adopted the resolution in March , it was backed by the Arab League and supported by African countries in the council . But Zuma said NATO 's actions have exceeded the authority that the resolution granted . Arab Spring unrest , country by country "  We have spoken out against the misuse of the good intentions in Resolution 1973 , " said Zuma , who led two African Union delegations to Libya , where he met with leader Moammar Gadhafi in failed attempts to broker a cease-fire . Unlike some other world leaders , Zuma has not called for the longtime leader to step down . Neither has Zuma 's African National Congress party nor the African Union , which he was representing and which Gadhafi once led . The AU also has criticized the NATO airstrikes . In April , Zuma led an AU delegation to Tripoli , Libya 's capital , where hopes were raised briefly when it was announced that Gadhafi had agreed , in principle , to the AU 's "  road map " proposal for peace . But Gadhafi continued his attacks and the Libyan opposition rejected the proposal because it did not meet its demand that he give up the power he has held for 42 years . U.S. officials and those of some other countries have called for Gadhafi to step down . Separately , NATO refused to say Tuesday whether it would bomb ancient Roman ruins in Libya if it knew Gadhafi was hiding military equipment there . Time magazine gallery : Libya 's stunning Roman ruins "  We will strike military vehicles , military forces , military equipment or military infrastructure that threaten Libyan civilians as necessary , " a NATO official in Naples , Italy , said , declining to give his name in discussing internal NATO deliberations . But he said the alliance could not verify rebel claims that Libya 's leader may be hiding rocket launchers at the UNESCO World Heritage site of Leptis Magna , a Roman city between the capital of Tripoli and rebel-held Misrata . Wing Cmdr. Mike Bracken , a spokesman for NATO 's Libya mission , later said it "  would be a concern for us that Gadhafi and pro-Gadhafi forces would choose to contravene international law in hiding themselves in such a location . " And , he said , "  If we were to take on any targets , we would consider all risks . " But he underscored that NATO could not confirm that weapons might be placed at the heritage site . The Bracken briefing came a day after a top British military officer acknowledged that the bombing campaign was straining British resources . "  If we do it for longer than six months , then we have to reprioritize our forces , " Adm. Mark Stanhope said Monday . "  That does not mean we wo n't be doing it , " he added . NATO recently extended its mission -- officially to protect civilians in Libya from Gadhafi 's efforts to crush an uprising that has left rebels in control of parts of the country -- for another 90 days , into September . British Minister of Defense Liam Fox said Tuesday that the Libya mission showed "  how capable we are " and emphasized that the United Kingdom has the world 's fourth-largest military budget . Concerns over British capabilities were voiced as concern mounted in Washington about U.S. President Barack Obama 's failure to seek the approval of Congress for the U.S. military action in Libya . "  I think he should , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told CNN 's "  Situation Room " on Tuesday . Boehner : Possible violation of War Powers act ? Asked whether Obama was violating the law by not having sought a formal authorization , the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee said , "  I think that you could make that argument , but it 's also true that other presidents have ignored the War Powers Act in one way or another . " Still , any prohibition of ground troops would be not only inappropriate but unconstitutional , the decorated Vietnam War veteran added . "  I believe that , if the Republicans continue to push such a thing , it could be viewed as partisanship in my view , because no one , no one believes that we are going to send ground troops into Libya . So , to have a , quote , prohibition for that could only mean that we are somehow taking shots at the president . " He predicted that the White House would send to Congress a report "  and lots of information about what we 've done " in the next day or so . National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said late Tuesday that the information would probably be delivered to members of Congress on Wednesday . "  We are in the final stages of preparing extensive information for the House and Senate that will address a whole host of issues about our ongoing efforts in Libya , including those raised in the House resolution as well as our legal analysis with regard to the War Powers Resolution , " he said . Also Tuesday , Germany 's foreign minister visited the de facto rebel capital of Benghazi , and rebels reported progress against government forces in western mountain cities . Guido Westerwelle said Germany had formally recognized the rebel Transitional National Council as the representative of the Libyan people , putting Berlin in line with the United States , France , Italy and a handful of other countries . CNN 's Brent Swails , Damien Ward , Laura Perez Maestro , Salma Abdelaziz , Frederik Pleitgen and Kareem Khadder contributed to this story .	NEW : S.A. President Jacob Zuma accuses NATO of political assassination NEW : Actions "  undermine " African Union efforts to find solution , Zuma says NSC spokesman says the report to Congress on Libya is in the final stages of preparation McCain urges Obama to seek Congress ' approval for the conflict in Libya
It was a shimmering metal wall hanging fashioned from thousands of bottle tops that won El Anatsui international acclaim . During the Venice Biennale in 2007 the Ghanaian sculptor transformed the facade of a museum by draping one of his exquisite metal tapestries over the top of it , causing a sensation in the art world . Today , he is hot property , collected by the world 's major museums and selling his rippling metal installations that nod to indigenous art for hundreds of thousands of dollars . His latest work goes on display this week at New York 's High Line , an elevated park built on an old freight rail line in Manhattan . "  Broken Bridge II " will be his largest installation yet -- a 37-foot-high sculpture made of recycled pressed tin and mirrors woven together with copper wire . "  The idea of the mirrors is to bring in the landmarks of New York ... to celebrate the achievements of where the work is , " he said . The Empire State Building is one building reflected in the sculpture . Read related : America 's black cowboys fight for their place in history El Anatsui is known for his interest in indigenous art and use of materials that he finds locally -- like the whiskey bottle caps that he uses for his tapestries -- and he puts it down to his upbringing which was cut off from traditional Ghanian culture . He was born in the small town of Anyako in the Volta region of Ghana during British rule . The youngest of 32 children  on his father 's side  , his mother died when he was a baby and he was brought up in a Presbyterian Mission House by his uncle , a Presbyterian Minister . "  When you 're living in a Mission House , you have everything there , you do n't need to go out and therefore you do n't know too much about indigenous society ... I was kind of isolated from it , " he said . Even as a boy , he knew he wanted to be an artist : "  I had a kind of calling . " He went on to study Fine Arts at the University of Science and Technology in Kumasi , then an "  unimaginable " thing to do . At that time , only a few years after Ghana achieved independence from the UK in 1957 , the post-colonial hangover meant El Anatsui studied a British-style curriculum , only covering European art . Read related : Chinese sculptor Xiang Jing 's painful search for truth He felt strongly that he wanted to know something about his own indigenous culture . "  Having been estranged from it and exposed to art being produced in Europe and Asia , I was wondering why we did n't have art as well , " he said . He remembers coming across a national cultural center in Kumasi and there began to discover Ghana 's "  very interesting art forms . " They included "  adrinka , " a series of ideograms or graphic symbols that represent aphorisms . It reminded El Anatsui of the European quest in science during the Renaissance to use symbols to represent abstract concepts . The similarity gave him "  quite a shock , " and was the catalyst for his exploration of his native culture -- and his attempts to , as he puts it , "  indigenize my consciousness . " He started using materials from his local environment , recyclables like the bottle caps . "  A lot of people call them waste , but to me they are not waste ... There are people who collect these things , smash them and make them into utensils like big cooking pots , " he said . Read related : South African rugby legend : Sport can unify a nation The bottle tops in his flowing , shimmering installations also have a deeper meaning . He says they are meant to act as a reminder that African slaves were exchanged for European liquor during the transatlantic slave trade . While the fluidity of the sculptures are meant to reflect the unsteady relationship between Europe , Africa and America . Despite the deep affinity El Anatsui has for homegrown African culture , he resists being called an African artist . "  I do n't know any  artist  who wants to be geographically categorized only . Artists want to be known only as artists , " he says . He says that when the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York first acquired his art , it was for their African Galleries and only later for their Modern and Contemporary Art Galleries . This "  raises so many questions as to what precisely I am -- am I an African artist or an artist ? " he asks , adding it is high time museums "  revisited their categorizations . " He adds : "  An artist in India is the same as an artist in Africa , Ghana , Japan or America . " Another thing he does n't want to be prescriptive about is how his work is hung in galleries . He sends his work out with no instructions leaving it up to the curators to decide how to install it . At first they are confused but eventually they discover "  they themselves are also artists , " he says . "  It 's a versatile form . I think an art form should be a replica of life itself -- life is not something which is cut and fixed -- it is constantly changing . "	El Anatsui is an internationally renowned Ghanaian artist who lives and works in Nigeria He is known for monumental sculptures using recycled waste that he collects in Nigeria He is considered to be one of the foremost contemporary artists of his generation Largest ever installation "  Broken Bridge II " on display at the High Line in New York
February 9 , 2015 This Monday , step onto the tarmac of a once-renowned airport that 's now a shelled-out wasteland . Observe the history overseen by a British queen ahead of the history she 's about to make . Hear both sides of a controversy involving a comment by President Obama at the National Prayer Breakfast . And sail through an atmospheric phenomenon captured from the deck of an aircraft carrier . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  A swell of excitement is building in Australia after the nation woke up to the news it will be a wildcard entry in perhaps the biggest , brashest , most talentless singing contest in the world : the Eurovision Song Contest . "  Move over Azerbaijan " was the common sentiment on Twitter as Australia mulled which of its performing artists was up to the task of waving a sequined Aussie flag in Austria in May . A few naysayers pointed out discrepancies in the world map . But if Britain 's Prince Philip can have an Australian knighthood , why ca n't Asia-Pacific 's biggest land mass muscle in on a traditionally European contest ? Perhaps it 's even time to change the name ? Eurovision explained the logic in an effusive press statement pointing out that Australia 's inclusion would help the contest "  walk the talk " of this year 's theme "  Building Bridges . " "  It 's a daring and at the same time incredibly exciting move . It is our way of saying ; let 's celebrate this party together ! " said Jon Ola Sand , the contest 's executive supervisor . As Dr. Eurovision -- aka academic expert Paul Jordan - points out in his blog , the contest already includes countries outside Europe . Azerbaijan ? Israel ? "  Having a country over the other side of the world take part is entirely in keeping with the general ethos of the competition , " he wrote . "  Eurovision is huge down under , 3 million people watched the show last year . With so many European expats  and those Aussies of European descent  it makes sense for Australia to be invited to the party . " This year marks 60 years of the contest , which will pit performers from 40 countries against each other for the honor  and the huge expense  of hosting the event in 2016 . The competition is known for its kitsch songs and outlandish performances . Last year it was won by bearded drag queen Conchita Wurst . This year , Australians will be allowed to vote in the semi-finals and grand final , which is watched by some 195 million people worldwide . Some even dared to dream ... . what if we win ? The nation that loves Eurovision also loves to gamble . So it was n't long before Sportingbet offered odds on who would take on the formidable task of out-Eurovisioning the experts . Early favorites were "  X-Factor " entrant Samantha Jade , former "  Australian Idol " winner Guy Sebastian and fellow "  Idol " singer Jessica Mauboy  who performed in the interval last year  . Outside bets were placed on cricketer Brett Lee and actor , producer and singer , Russell Crowe . The bookie is paying out $ 251.00 should Prince Philip appear on stage . Stranger things have happened .	Australia will be "  one-off " entrant to mark 60 years of Eurovision Song contest has a huge following in Australia ; three million people watched last year Bets being placed as to who will wave the Australian flag in Austria
CNN  -- Legendary American boxer Muhammad Ali has visited the birth place of his ancestors in Ireland , prompting thousands of well-wishers to line the streets of the town . Muhammad Ali on a nine-day visit to Europe that included a stopover to his ancestoral home in Ireland . The scenes were reminiscent of a presidential visit as the 67-year-old former three-times world heavyweight champion traveled to Ennis , County Clare to see the hometown of his forebear . The visit was commemorated by the town council with the unveiling of a plaque at the home of his great grandfather and by making Ali the first honorary "  freeman " of the town . Abe Grady -- the grandfather of Ali 's mother Odessa Lee Grady -- lived in the town of Ennis , before emigrating to the United States in 1860 where he married an African-American emancipated slave . Watch as Muhammad Ali visits Ireland " Ali -- who was crowned Sportsman of the Century by Sports Illustrated in 1999 -- had his Irish heritage uncovered by genealogists in 2002 . "  Now that we know Muhammad is an Ennis man , we will be back , " Ali 's wife Lonnie told Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper . The small County Clare - town of 23 thousand put on an open-air concert , closed schools early and had special screenings of the Ali v George Foreman documentary "  When We Were Kings " to welcome the "  Louisville Lip . " Ali -- who has been a Parkinson 's Disease sufferer since 1984 -- did not speak to those who had gathered but shadow-boxed to spectators and cameras before meeting his distant relatives . "  It was incredible . We 've had so much rain and yet today it was beautiful . The rain held off wherever Muhammad Ali went . " Frankie Neylon , the town 's mayor said . Ali fought in Ireland only once during his career , beating Al Blue Lewis in a non-title bout at Dublin 's Croke Park in 1972 . The visit to Ireland was part of a nine-day tour of Europe that Ali had undertaken to raise money to fight Parkinson 's Disease and for the Ali Center .	Muhammad Ali visits his ancestral home of Ennis , Ireland The 67-year-old former world heavyweight champions unveils plaque in town Abe Grady , Ali 's great grandfather , emigrated from Ireland to the U.S. in 1860 Lonnie , Ali 's wife , says the former champion will return to Ireland again
CNN  -- A few thousand Muscovites braved police and subzero temperatures to mark the first anniversary of Russia 's anti-Putin movement at an unsanctioned protest in central Moscow . While turnout was significantly lower than last winter 's rallies , which at one point attracted more than 100,000 people , those that came faced more serious consequences , including jail and fines of more than $ 9,500 -- nearly the average monthly Russian salary . Hundreds of riot police cordoned off protesters who gathered next to the headquarters of the Russia 's FSB security service and the former home of the KGB during the Soviet Union . Alexei Navalny , the popular anti-corruption blogger , and Sergei Udaltsov , a leftist activist , were detained by police immediately upon arriving , as were Ksenia Sobchak , the socialite turned opposition leader , and her boyfriend the activist Ilya Yashin . All four were taken to a police station in the south of Moscow but released within hours . Police initially allowed the crowd gather peacefully , but after an hour began closing in on specific protesters who they arrested in often brutal scenes . An estimated 40 people were detained . The rally was the first major protest to not receive approval from Moscow authorities , a sign of hardening relations between the city government and opposition leaders who refused to hold the rally at alternative locations suggested by the state . The demonstration is unlikely to breathe new life into the opposition , which has struggled to find direction since Vladimir Putin 's re-election in March . Yet the turnout was arguably higher than expected given the threat of violence and fines . In the days before the rally , the state appeared to issue a warning to the demonstrators , announcing that a criminal investigation had been opened into Mr Navalny and his brother , and raiding the home of an associate of Mr Udaltsov . "  It was very scary for me to come . I cried this morning , " said Tatiana , 52 , who did not want to give her last name for fear of getting in trouble with her employer . She said once she had arrived at the rally she had become more confident , and had dared to affix to her coat lapel a pin that read "  We were at Bolotnya ... Arrest me ! " -- a reference to the first major protest last year . "  They say that there we do n't exist , but today we showed them that we do . Their laws created by an illegitimate regime an illegitimate president are not an order for us . We are in charge here ... We will come out on to the streets again , " she said . With no speeches or performances , the protest lacked the euphoria that coloured the demonstrations of a year ago . But those present insisted that were optimistic that change and reform would come , no matter how gradual . "  Over the past year , nothing particularly changed in politics . However , I think society has started thinking a bit about what needs to be done , " said Ivan Kosnisky , a designer . "  We need to change from within . I do n't know if there is a universal recipe . But we need to stop being indifferent and start thinking of things that are located outside our own apartments . " He added : "  I see the faces here I usually see at the Moscow Conservatory or the Tretyakovsky art gallery . It 's simply pleasant for me to chat here with these people who are clearly of the same mind . "	Demonstrators mark anniversary of anti-Putin movement at an unsanctioned protest Turnout was significantly lower than last winter 's rallies , which attracted more than 100,000 Ksenia Sobchak , the socialite turned opposition leader , and her boyfriend among those detained
Rome  CNN  The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily , the Italian military said Friday . The boat , named Airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers  56 miles  from the Libyan port of Misrata , according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces . An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel , according to a statement by the Italian Navy . It said during the operation , rifle shots were accidentally fired , and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured . The Airone , carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians , had embarked from Mazara del Vallo in Sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp . The Airone 's captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized , according to Vito Mazzarino , the boat 's owner . "  At a certain point a tug boat came up and flanked the fish boat and some Libyans came on board , " Mazzarino said , quoting the captain , Alberto Figuccia . "  They were armed . And at that point chaos erupted . " Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa . Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe 's Mediterranean coast , to flee war and poverty . Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015 , according to the International Organization for migration . On Monday , gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a wooden boat that was being used to transport migrants , according to Frontex , the European Union 's border management agency . That incident occurred 60 nautical miles from the Libyan coast . The 250 migrants on board had already been transferred on to a different boat , Frontex said on its website . "  This is a sign that smugglers in Libya are running short of boats and are more willing to use weapons to recover those used to transport the migrants , " said Fabrice Leggeri , Frontex 's executive director , in a news release . Italian police : Muslim migrants threw Christians overboard	Italian Navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers Boat was being steered towards Libyan port of Misrata Italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injured
CNN  -- A tornado zeroed in Monday afternoon on a manufacturing plant in southwestern Kentucky , tossing pieces of the roof , collapsing part of the aluminum structure and injuring seven people , officials said . Elsewhere in the South , possible tornadoes and thunderstorms caused damage , injuries and power failures . Tornado watches were in effect Monday night in portions of Louisiana , Mississippi , northwestern Florida , most of Alabama and northern Georgia , including Atlanta . Severe thunderstorms were moving through and flood warnings were issued in some areas . About 184 employees were inside TGASK , a plant that makes automotive parts , when the storm arrived shortly after 1 p.m. , said Paul Ray , spokesman for the Hopkinsville Police Department . None of the injured had life-threatening injuries , said spokeswoman Jessica Beckham of Jennie Stuart Medical Center . Ray said the injuries were mostly bumps and bruises . The manufacturing plant is between Hopkinsville and Pembroke . "  It could have been a lot worse , " Ray told CNN . The plant was "  very fortunate that at that time , there were very few injuries , and only minor injuries . " All employees had been accounted for , he added . The Kentucky Division of Emergency Management said possible tornadoes struck near La Center in Ballard County , with injuries being reported . One injury was reported from a storm that hit a mobile home park in Greenville , Kentucky , said Police Chief Darren Harvey . A likely tornado touched down two miles south of Georgetown in Grant Parish , Louisiana , on Monday afternoon , the Grant Parish Sheriff 's Office said . There were reports of widespread damage in the community of Selma . Numerous trees and power lines were down across the area , the Sheriff 's Office said . Officials in Arkansas reported at least three injuries from fast-moving storms . More than 58,000 customers were without power in Tennessee , according to Nashville Electric Service . Three possible tornadoes were reported in western Tennessee , the National Weather Service said . Storms also struck Humphreys County in Tennessee , about 60 miles west of Nashville , according to authorities . "  We were hit hard in our downtown area , " said Waverly City Manager Buddy Frazier . Although no injuries were reported , trees , power lines , roofs and structures were down , Frazier told CNN . A dispatcher said a communications tower was down in Humphreys County , but workers were still able to send and receive messages . CNN 's Sean Morris , Chuck Johnston , Aaron Cooper , Dave Alsup and Jackie Castillo contributed to this report	NEW : Tornado watches in effect in large swath of Deep South , including Atlanta NEW : Three possible tornadoes reported in western Tennessee Storms strike parts of Kentucky , Arkansas and Tennessee Manufacturing plant collapses in Kentucky , injuring seven people
