WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The federal government has released to CNN more than 100 photographs of a Halloween party that temporarily threatened to derail the nomination of a top Department of Homeland Security official . ICE chief Julie Myers poses with a costume contest winner at the Immigration and Customs Enforcement party . The images included several digital photos that the official had ordered erased because they were deemed to be inappropriate and offensive . At the party , Julie Myers , then-acting chief of Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  , part of the Department of Homeland Security , gave an award for "  most original costume " to an employee wearing prison stripes , a wig with dreadlocks and face-darkening makeup . Immediately after posing for a photo with the winner , Myers later told Congress , she recognized that she made an error in judgment and ordered the photos deleted from the camera . Myers said she did not know the employee was wearing skin makeup , but ordered the photos destroyed because she did not think that "  recognizing an escaped prisoner in any way was beneficial to the agency 's goal of treating everyone in our custody with dignity and respect . " This week , in response to the Freedom of Information Act request filed by CNN on November 6 , ICE released 113 official photographs of the party , including all of the deleted photos , which technicians were able to electronically restore . An ICE spokeswoman denied the photos were suppressed until after Myers ' job was secure , saying ICE responded in an "  efficient time frame " to the FOIA request . News of the photos ' existence infuriated some members of Congress , who said they should have been made aware of them earlier . "  It is too bad that these photos surfaced too late to have dealt with her nomination , perhaps , in a different way , " said Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , who last November put a "  hold " on Myers ' confirmation because of the hubbub . Watch what congressmen think about party photos " Myers was confirmed on December 20 . As an assistant secretary of Homeland Security , she leads ICE , the agency charged with enforcing immigration law in the nation 's interior . The agency has more than 15,000 employees , including 6,000 investigators . McCaskill said she believed the photos would have affected the confirmation . "  This is such brutally bad judgment that , to me , it indicates that the leadership of this division is flawed , " she said . Rep. Bennie Thompson , whose committee oversees ICE , said Wednesday he is upset both by the photos and by ICE 's failure to give the photos to Congress in November . "  I was satisfied -LSB- with Myers ' explanations and apology -RSB- until I found out that these pictures existed , " Thompson said . An ICE spokeswoman denied that there was any intentional effort to mislead Congress . "  We had asked that they be destroyed , and as far as we knew , that was the case , " spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said . Myers was "  frank and honest about every aspect of that situation from the very beginning , " she said . An estimated 50 to 75 employees attended the October 31 costume party at ICE headquarters in the District of Columbia . A poster advertising the contest said costumes should be tasteful and "  office appropriate . " Myers declined to talk to CNN Wednesday , but in written comments to Congress last November , she offered the following account of the incident : She and two other ICE officials served as judges of the costume contest , and she had "  very limited interaction " with the employee in the prisoner costume , who "  was present at the -LSB- judging -RSB- table for less than half a minute before he moved on . "  I was not aware at the time of the contest that the employee disguised his skin color , " she wrote . Nonetheless , after posing for a photo with the employee , she realized it was inappropriate . "  Although I did not know that this individual had disguised his race , I determined that I had made an error in judgment in recognizing an escaped prisoner at this party , " she wrote , and she instructed her chief of staff to direct the official photographer to delete the photos . In an internal e-mail that was sent at 3:05 p.m. , shortly after the party was to end , the ICE public affairs director , Wendy Burrell , said , "  Please make sure that the photos of the most creative  single male entry  are destroyed . They may not be used in any publication , Web site , compilation disk , you name it . Not just not used . Please erase all . " Myers said she was "  shocked and horrified " to learn the next day that the employee had used skin-darkening makeup . The employee was counseled , and Myers sent out a note to all agency employees expressing regret over the event , agency spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said in November . "  It is now clear that , however unintended , a few of the costumes were inappropriate and offensive , " Myers wrote . She reminded employees of their responsibility to complete diversity training and said managers should distribute and discuss ICE 's diversity policy statement during staff meetings . The employee who donned the inmate costume was placed on two weeks of administrative leave , counseled by a supervisor and returned to full duty . E-mail to a friend	Partygoer used make-up to darken skin , went as escaped prisoner Acting Immigration chief judged costume contest Congress told photos destroyed before Julie Myers ' confirmation hearings CNN got photos through Freedom of Information Act request
Washington  CNN  -- Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales could be sentenced to death if convicted on any of the 17 counts of murder filed against him Friday for allegedly embarking on a bloody shooting rampage in Afghan villages , the U.S. military said . In addition to the charges of murder "  with premeditation , " the 38-year-old faces six counts of attempted murder and two counts of assault . Authorities say Bales left a remote outpost in Kandahar province 's Panjwai district early March 11 and went house-to-house , gunning down villagers . U.S. and Afghan officials initially said 16 people died in those attacks . Col. Gary Kolb , a spokesman with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , on Friday said only that investigators assigned to the case felt they had evidence to charge Bales with 17 counts of murder . There was no immediate indication as to where the other fatality came from , besides the fact it was an an adult , and Afghan government officials in Kabul have said they have no record of another death . Read the charges against Bales  PDF The six people wounded in the shootings are four children , one woman and one man , according to the charge sheet against Bales . Two of those have been released from a hospital , said Ahmad Javed Faisal , a Kandahar provincial government spokesman . At the minimum , Bales would be sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole if he 's convicted on even one of the 17 murder charges , according to a statement from the U.S. Forces-Afghanistan public affairs office . At the maximum , he could face the death penalty . Prosecutors could levy more charges "  as they see fit , " said a defense official with knowledge of the charges preferred . "  The Army investigators are still working , " the official said . "  There is no requirement to ` lock in ' to certain charges at this point . " Stunned friends recall good deeds of suspect The Taliban , in an e-mail Friday to CNN , vowed "  strong revenge " for the attacks and claimed justice wo n't be served in U.S. courts , which they said "  are not reliable . " The Islamic fundamentalist group , which been battling coalition and Afghan government forces for years , believes that "  tens of American soldiers , and not one person " are responsible for the killings , according to the message . "  We do n't believe in these  American  courts and reject the decision , " the Taliban said . "  We will take practical revenge on every single American soldier . " Bales , who was returned to the United States last week , is being held at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . Speaking from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state , where Bales is assigned , Army Gen. Lloyd Austin called the developments Friday -- in which U.S. military lawyers in Afghanistan "  preferred " the charges -- "  the first step in a long process that 's going to occur . " The case is now in the hands of the special convening authority , Col. Kenneth Kamper from the 17th Fires Brigade . As a I Corps unit leader who is still at Lewis-McChord , Kamper handles courts-martial issues regarding Corps members , according to base spokesman Joe Piek . Bales ' case could go straight to an Article 32 hearing -- a military hybrid of a civilian preliminary hearing and a grand jury session that Austin , the Army 's vice chief of staff , acknowledged has "  challenges associated with it . " Or Bales could go before a group of mental health experts who would determine whether his mental health may be a factor in his defense . Jeffery King , a military defense lawyer , told CNN on Friday that he expected "  the mental status of ... Bales will be the overriding factor in this case " -- including both his state of mind at the time of the attack , as well as whether he 's mentally competent to stand trial . Eventually , after gathering prosecution and defense testimony , Kamper will recommend what charges should be pursued to a higher-ranking general convening authority , in this case Maj. Gen. Lloyd Miles . As deputy commanding general for I Corps , Miles is taking on this duty while the corps ' commanding general , Lt. Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti , is deployed , Piek said . Miles is expected to offer his own recommendation on whether the case should go to trial and , if so , on what charges and whether a death penalty should be a possible sentence . If and when the case comes to trial , Bales ' lawyer , John Henry Browne , said , it is going to be "  extremely difficult " for the prosecution . "  They have no murder scene , no forensics , " the lawyer said Thursday night outside his Seattle office . "  I 'm going to make them prove every claim . " Prosecution faces major hurdles Military law experts acknowledge that proving the case may be difficult , especially given that there are no autopsies to help prove the cause of death -- in part because those killed were buried quickly , in accordance with Islamic tradition -- and difficulty in getting witnesses to testify . Afghans are insisting that the suspect be returned to Afghanistan to face trial , with villagers and lawmakers questioning the U.S. military 's account of what happened . But a military official in Afghanistan has said that Bales will be tried in the United States . Kolb , the ISAF spokesman , said that defense attorneys would need coalition forces ' protection if they choose to investigate in Afghanistan . He notes that the Taliban "  has already taken some potshots at Afghan investigators that went to the area . " Still , Kolb said witnesses may not necessarily have to fly to the United States to testify as they could speak via teleconference . And Gary Solis , a former U.S. Marine Corps lawyer and current Georgetown professor , told CNN that any bullet rounds recovered from the scene could be matched with Bales ' weapon -- assuming it was "  immediately seized " -- which would serve as "  powerful evidence for the government . " Suspect has memory loss , lawyer says Lance Rosen , the lawyer for Bales ' wife , Karilyn , said Bales did not surrender to U.S. authorities , as some have reported . Rather , Rosen said , Bales was taken into custody , though he was n't sure why . Asked about Bales ' state of mind , Browne said on "  CBS This Morning " on Friday that his client has n't said much in their meetings and appears to have memory problems predating the incident . "  He has some memories about what happened before the alleged event and some memories after the alleged event and some windows here and there into things , but he really does n't have any memory , " Browne said . "  He 's kind of in shock . " Bales told his wife , in the first of two phone conversations they had since he was detained , that something had happened and he did n't know what it was , according to Rosen . What 's the link between violence and disorders ? Browne told CBS that "  The Hurt Locker , " the acclaimed 2008 film about a bomb disposal unit in the Iraq war , is a "  Disney movie compared to what these guys are going through . " "  Just seeing people blown apart ... picking up body parts , putting them in bags , " he said . "  You know , a lot of servicemen go through that and do n't have incidents alleged like this , but it 's pretty horrific . We do know he had a concussive head injury , which is serious . We also know it was not treated for a variety of reasons . " Afghan villagers describe massacre 's horror Another member of Bales ' defense team , Emma Scanlan , said Friday that she 'd spoken recently with Bales , and he is "  holding up . " "  He 's concerned about the welfare of his family , first and foremost , and the safety of the people who are on the ground in Afghanistan , " Scanlan said of the father of two . The massacre has strained already tense U.S.-Afghan relations and intensified a debate about whether to pull American troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal . Afghan President Hamid Karzai has demanded that troops withdraw from villages in his nation and return to their larger bases , saying relations between the two countries are "  at the end of their rope . " Karzai urges U.S. pullback after massacre CNN legal contributor and defense attorney Paul Callan said on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that he believes prosecutors will seek the death penalty against Bales "  because this is one of the biggest alleged massacres in memory . " "  You have the diplomatic and political problems that are being caused by this crime , " Callan said . "  Afghan citizens will be looking , saying , ` Is the U.S. seeking justice in this case ? ' " But he said that even if prosecutors won a death sentence , it is unlikely that Bales would be executed for years , if not decades . Suspect held liable for financial fraud Accounts from the military , Bales ' family , friends and neighbors describe a man who remained committed to serving his country despite wounds he received during three previous combat tours to Iraq , including a traumatic brain injury suffered during a vehicle accident . But Michael Breen , a former Army captain , said the speculation about whether his injuries or a possible undiagnosed case of post-traumatic stress disorder contributed to Bales ' actions is unfair to other veterans . "  Sgt. Bales has been through a lot as a soldier . Many of us have , " Breen said . "  That is certainly no explanation or excuse for the gross violation of his code of honor , to say the least , and the horrific crimes that he committed . " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat , Sara Sidner , Chris Lawrence , Miguel Marquez and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : A top Army general calls the charges "  the first step in a long process " Sgt. Bales faces 17 murder counts , which are eligible for the death penalty He also faces 6 counts of attempted murder and 2 counts of assault The Taliban vow revenge , saying they believe U.S. courts are "  not reliable "
CNN  -- All passengers aboard a passenger train that fell into a river in southwest China 's Sichuan ProvinceThursday got out alive , state-run CCTV reported Friday . The accident occurred in Guanghan at about 3:20 p.m. Thursday on the Shi-ting-jiang Bridge , part of the railway line that links Chengdu and Baoji , in northwestern Shaanxi Province . Floods caused the bridge piers to collapse , which forced the train from its track , local officials said . It was not immediately known how many passengers were inside the carriages , which a firefighter said were swept 200 meters downriver . Hundreds of people aboard five other carriages were taken to safety . The train was traveling from Xi'an , the capital of Shaanxi , to Kunming , the capital of southwestern Yunnan Province .	NEW : All passengers got out alive Floods caused the bridge piers to collapse , forcing the train from its track The train was traveling from Shaanxi to Yunnan Province
CNN  -- Federal accident investigators issued two "  urgent " recommendations to the Chicago Transit Authority on Friday urging action to prevent another crash similar to one this week in which an unoccupied CTA train collided with another at a station , injuring 33 people . The National Transportation Safety Board told the authority in a letter that it needed to take steps , including using wheel chocks , to prevent trains from moving unintentionally . CTA said in response it had taken those and other steps immediately after the crash on Monday . The accident occurred when a four-car train -- unoccupied but powered up -- departed the Forest Park Repair Terminal where it was awaiting repairs . It traveled almost a mile downhill through five devices designed to stop trains , eventually colliding with an occupied train stopped at the Harlem Station on CTA 's Blue Line . Some 33 passengers were injured . Those who were hospitalized have been released , authorities said . The empty train movement remains under investigation , but the CTA said neither criminal conduct nor vandalism is suspected . The safety board said unoccupied CTA trains are "  routinely left powered up " while stored at the repair yard . But CTA spokesman Brian Steele disputed that , saying trains are typically powered up prior to going into service . Steele said preliminary indications show the train was powered up at the time of the incident , but it was unclear when it was scheduled to depart the repair yard to go to another maintenance yard . "  That 's one of the questions we are trying to answer , " he said . The NTSB said the investigation continues , noting that one of the cars had heat-damaged wiring and water in electrical connection boxes . Steele said the CTA has inspected about half of the 600 to 700 cars in its fleet without finding similar damage . The inspections were to be completed this weekend , he said . The NTSB typically rolls out recommendations at the conclusion of investigations , but can issue guidance earlier if it identifies a safety problem . In this case , it issued the recommendations while most of the agency was on furlough because of the government shutdown . The furlough rules allow for ongoing investigations in cases that are necessary to "  prevent the imminent potential for loss of life and significant property damage . " The NTSB also can launch investigations into "  major accidents involving significant casualties . " The actions recommended by the board need "  to be addressed expeditiously to prevent a recurrence , " NTSB chairwoman Deborah Hersman wrote in the letter to Forrest Claypool , president of the CTA . In addition to wheel chocks , the NTSB recommended turning off propulsion power and using an alternative brake setting , and a system to derail cars before they enter the main track . The NTSB also wrote to the Federal Transit Administration requesting it issue a safety advisory to all transit systems asking them to review operating and maintenance procedures for stored , unoccupied cars . All but 28 of the FTA 's 529 employees have been furloughed . An FTA spokeswoman said that the administration complied and issued the safety advisory .	Rail collision this week in Chicago injured 33 people NTSB recommends transit agency take urgent safety action Board wants steps to prevent trains from moving unintentionally CTA said it has done so already ; investigation continues into crash
"  I wanted to build a good future for my family , but I failed , " a weak Issam Abdallah Mohammed said in a videotaped statement . The refugee from the Darfur region of Sudan was trying to illegally cross the border from Egypt to Israel when he was discovered and shot by Egyptian border guards . Less than an hour after taping the statement , Issam was dead , succumbing to the wounds inflicted by the gunshots . Every year , thousands of refugees , mostly from Eritrea , Ethiopia and Sudan , attempt the dangerous journey from their war-torn countries to Israel in search of economic prosperity and stability . Very few make it , and the results of the failed migration can be seen in the morgue of the central hospital in the Egyptian port town of El Arish . When a CNN crew visited there recently , all the refrigeration units were broken , leaving a biting stench of decaying corpses in the air , which staff members attempted in vain to cover up with chlorine-based cleaner and incense . On any given day , the morgue will be packed with the bodies of African refugees who died trying to make it to Israel . Hamdy Al-Azazy spends a lot of time here as head of the New Generation Foundation for Human Rights , which tries to help African refugees in Egypt . Every week , Al-Azazy combs the desert , searching for corpses , ensuring that they get a dignified burial . He has spent the past seven years helping the refugees . Many are enslaved and tortured and the women raped by the Bedouin tribes of the Sinai if they are unable to come up with large sums of money the Bedouin try to extort from them and their families , to smuggle the refugees across the border into Israel . As a result , many remain imprisoned in camps on the Sinai Peninsula . "  They are chained and kept in camps in the open with no bathrooms and little water and food and treated worse than animals , " Al-Azazy said . "  Some of them are taken to Libya , but 80 % of them are smuggled to Israel . Those who escape are shot by the Bedouins , and others who make it to the border are sometimes shot by the Egyptian authorities and transferred to hospitals before spending a year in different prisons in Sinai and deported back home . " The CNN crew found two victims in the hospital in El Arish , handcuffed to their beds and awaiting their transfer to an Egyptian detention center and eventual deportation . One of them , Mahary Taklay Abraham of Eritrea , says he hit his head falling off a rock while trying to cross the border and was caught by Egyptian border guards . But before making it to the border , Mahary says , he spent about two months with the Bedouins . "  They beat and tortured me continuously and demanded money from my family , " Mahary said . Al-Azazy says this is a common scheme . The refugees will pay Bedouin tribes in the border area between Sudan and Egypt around $ 2,000 to be smuggled out . The smugglers then sell the refugees to the Sinai Bedouin , who blackmail the refugees and their families back home . Ibrahim Yehia of Eritrea says he fell prey to the Bedouin . "  When we arrived to Sinai , the Bedouins tied me up with metal chains in the desert . They tortured us . Many of us died , " he said , displaying his wounds , including scars that he says came from electroshock torture . "  They wanted me to pay $ 12,000 and forced us to call our families to transfer the money . My family sold all their lands and even their donkey to collect the money . They transferred $ 6,000 to the Bedouins . " After his family paid , Yehia says , the Bedouin finally let him go . "  I spent three months tied up in the camp close to the Israeli border . After I paid , the Bedouins drove me to the border crossing and set me free . I was then shot by plainclothes men close to the wired fence at the Israeli-Egyptian border . The military took me to the hospital . " Some of the refugees are forced into slave labor , often working marijuana fields that flourish all over Northern Sinai , Hamdy Al-Azazy says . Refugees who made it across the border into Israel have told harrowing accounts of rape , torture and slave labor . Women are especially vulnerable . CNN spoke to one victim who made it to Israel and spoke on condition of anonymity . She said she was raped almost daily on a journey that took several months to get to Tel Aviv . "  Every night , they took me separately , and they did whatever they wanted to my body , " the Eritrean said . Al-Azazy hears stories like this all the time . "  The women and men are kept in open areas . These Bedouins do n't have any morals or conscience . One girl told me that three Bedouins had raped 14 girls in one night , " he said . When CNN confronted a leader of the Sawarka Bedouin tribe , one of the largest in Sinai , the chief said he was aware that people trafficking is going on in Sinai and that in some cases African refugees are held in bonded labor , tortured and women raped . The Sawarka chief , who did not want to be named for this report , said that only rogue elements of the tribe are involved in people trafficking . This same chief took CNN to a secret location and allowed them to speak to five African refugees who were hoping to make it to Israel , in an apparent bid to show us that the refugees were being well treated . But interviews with refugees who have escaped the camps or been released suggest that mistreatment and even murder are commonplace in the Bedouin camps . One Bedouin leader willing to go on record is called Salem , a powerful chief of the Tarabine tribe . He acknowledges that people trafficking exists among members of the Tarabine and Sawarka tribes , but he says that it is only a fraction of the members who are involved in the trade and that they are ruthless . "  You ca n't label the whole tribe or implicate it in this trade . The Bedouins in Sinai are over 150,000 . Those working in this business will not exceed more than 50 people . " During an interview by the Red Sea , Salem said he loathes those involved in people trafficking , torture , rape and murder . But he acknowledges that Bedouin leaders are doing little to stop the illicit business out of fear of stoking tribal infighting . "  These guys are evil . They do not care where to get money . They deal with a middleman in Africa to get those men . These Africans spend months here , sometimes up to six months in Sinai , before crossing -- if they cross . " Egypt 's government and armed forces seem powerless to stop the Bedouin smugglers . Police units have been forced out of most areas in North Sinai after the revolution that swept longtime leader Hosni Mubarak from power . A military operation aimed at combating Islamist extremists in the area has done little to stop people trafficking in this lawless region that runs mostly on criminal activity , such as smuggling of goods into Gaza and drug trafficking . Meanwhile , more bodies turn up in the Sinai desert . In a matter of weeks , several more were buried by Hamdy Al-Azazy close to the grave of Issam Abdallah Mohammed , the refugee from Darfur who recorded a video shortly before his death . While the bodies of those who can be identified are buried in cemeteries in El Arish , the many corpses that remain nameless -- because they carry no identity cards or have decomposed beyond recognition -- are laid to rest outside the cemetery walls in an anonymous mass grave under heaps of trash from an adjacent slum .	Every year , thousands attempt dangerous journey from African countries to Israel Few make it ; many bodies of unsuccessful refugees lie in morgue in El Arish , Egypt One man combs desert searching for corpses , ensuring they get dignified burial Many refugees are enslaved and tortured ; women are raped by Bedouin tribes of Sinai
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's prime minister believes the driver of the truck that struck his car , killing his wife , deliberately drove toward them , his party told CNN . Morgan Tsvangirai leaves the hospital Saturday after being treated for injuries from a car crash . Members of his political party , the Movement for Democratic Change , and former U.S. diplomat also say the crash raises suspicions of foul play . The prime minister left a hospital Saturday , a day after his wife , Susan , was killed in the collision , officials said . A ball cap covered Tsvangirai 's bandaged head . Tsvangirai was taken to a hospital in Gaborone , Botswana , on Saturday for medical treatment , a Botswanan government source and a source with the prime minister 's party . "  He 's badly bruised and is receiving treatment , " the Botswanan government source said . The source with the prime minister 's party said Tsvangirai will return to Zimbabwe on Wednesday to attend the funeral of his wife . The couple , who were married in 1978 , have six children . The crash happened on a two-lane highway between Tsvangirai 's hometown , Buhera , and the capital , Harare . It comes only weeks after the start of a power-sharing agreement between Tsvangirai and his political rival , President Robert Mugabe . Tsvangirai 's political party said Friday that it was too early to tell whether the crash was anything other than an accident . But on Saturday , MDC members told CNN that Tsvangirai thought the crash was deliberate . Tendai Biti , the MDC secretary-general , speaking during a tearful press conference , said Tsvangirai should have had better security . Watch how the accident threatens to derail the unity government " "  If there had been a police escort maybe what happened yesterday could have not have happened , " Biti said . "  A  police escort would have warned oncoming vehicles of a VIP arriving . I think authorities must understand the omission . "  We hope that this omission will be rectified , that the prime minister must be given the protection that ought to be accorded to a prime minister . " Biti said the MDC would launch its own investigation . Analysts say the crash raises suspicions of foul play . One former U.S. diplomat called for an outside investigation , saying it was not the first time one of Mugabe 's political foes had been killed or injured in a car crash . Tsvangirai , Zimbabwe 's main opposition leader , took office last month under a power-sharing deal with Mugabe following a contentious election . The MDC reached the agreement with Mugabe in September after months of angry dispute that included violence . More than 200 deaths , mainly opposition supporters , were reported leading up to and after the election . "  I 'm skeptical about any motor vehicle accident in Zimbabwe involving an opposition figure , " said Tom McDonald , the U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe from 1997 to 2001 . "  President Mugabe has a history of strange car accidents when someone lo and behold dies -- it 's sort of his M.O. , of how they get rid of people they do n't like . " Watch more on the fatal crash " McDonald cited the car crash deaths of Defense Minister Moven Mahachi in 2001 , Employment Minister Border Gezi in 1999 and Elliot Manyika , a government minister and former regional governor , last year . "  So when I hear that Tsvangirai was in an accident , it gives me pause , " McDonald said . Now an attorney with the Washington law firm Baker Hostetler , he urged a full independent investigation . However , he added that traffic accidents are common in Zimbabwe . The highway Tsvangirai was traveling on was only two lanes and tractor-trailers were common , McDonald said . Vehicles in the country were often in bad shape and drivers inexperienced . "  It 's certainly plausible that this was just one of those tragic things , " he said . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	NEW : Morgan Tsvangirai in Botswana for medical treatment on Saturday NEW : Prime minister will return to Zimbabwe on Wednesday to attend wife 's funeral Tsvangirai believes fatal car crash was deliberate , officials say Head-on collision bound to raise suspicion of foul play , analysts say
Oregon will not defend the state 's same-sex marriage ban in court because the law would not stand up to a federal constitutional challenge , the state 's attorney general said Thursday . However , Ellen Rosenblum said in legal documents that the state is legally obligated to enforce the state 's ban on same-sex marriage while a federal lawsuit is litigated . Oregon filed the documents in response to the lawsuit challenging the ban . Oregon voters passed Measure 36 in 2004 , which amended the state 's Constitution to define marriage as between one man and a woman . In 2013 , the state 's chief operating officer directed state agencies to recognize same-sex marriages that were legally performed in other states . Thursday 's response ended by saying the state will not defend the Oregon ban on same-sex marriage because it "  can not withstand a federal constitutional challenge under any standard of review . " Meanwhile , Rosenblum said officials are legally obligated to enforce the ban until the court makes a ruling .	Oregon wo n't fight for same-sex marriage ban in federal lawsuit The state defines marriage as being between one man and one woman Attorney general says state will enforce the ban while case is litigated
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities have arrested two top leaders of the Islamic militant group India blames for the November massacre in Mumbai , Pakistan 's prime minister confirmed Wednesday . Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said Pakistani security forces had rounded up a number of militant figures . The top military officer in the U.S. on Wednesday said he is "  encouraged " by Pakistan 's recent arrests of "  significant players " in the Mumbai attacks . U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said the arrests amount to "  first steps " toward determining who plotted the three day siege last month that killed 160 people in Mumbai , India 's financial capital . "  There are more steps to follow , " he noted . He also thanked India for showing restraint against Pakistan , which it has accused of harboring the terrorist groups behind the November massacre . Zarar Shah , a top operational commander of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , and Zakir Rehman Lakhvi , whose arrest had been reported Tuesday , were among the militant figures rounded up in recent days , Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani told reporters . Gilani would not confirm the detention of Masood Azhar , the leader of another militant group , Jaish-e-Muhammad . But he said his government has launched its own investigation into India 's allegations that the gunmen who killed more than 160 people in Mumbai had links to Pakistan . The acknowledgment came three days after Pakistani security forces raided an LeT camp near Muzaffarabad , the capital of Pakistani-controlled Kashmir , in the first sign of government action against Lashkar-e-Tayyiba since the three-day siege of India 's financial capital . Both LeT and Jaish-e-Muhammad were formed to battle Indian rule in the divided Himalayan territory of Kashmir , and both were banned after a 2001 attack on the Indian parliament that brought the South Asian nuclear rivals to the brink of war . The United States has listed LeT as a terrorist group with ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . According to the U.S. government , Lakhvi , 47 , has directed LeT 's military operations in southeast Asia , Chechnya , Bosnia and Iraq . Pakistan 's Defense Minister Choudhry Mukhtar Ahmed told CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN , that Lakhvi and Azhar had been arrested on Monday . Azhar has been in Pakistan since 1999 , when he was released from an Indian prison in exchange for hostages aboard a hijacked Indian airliner . Indian authorities say the sole surviving gunman in the Mumbai attacks told investigators that he was trained at an LeT camp near Muzaffarabad , along with the nine other attackers who were killed in the three-day siege . A Pakistani security official said the terror raids on banned militant groups are ongoing and have resulted in at least 15 arrests .	NEW : Top U.S. military officer encouraged by terror arrests Pakistan arrests militant leaders blamed by India for Mumbai terror attacks Zarar Shah , top commander of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , among those held Blamed militant groups were formed to oppose Indian rule in divided Kashmir
CNN  -- When riots broke out in London on August 6 , Charmaine Scott watched as a diverse group of people took hold of her hometown , smashing glass windows and setting buildings and automobiles ablaze . Amid the chaos , she noticed that talk about a racial backlash surged . The widespread discontent was being painted black by the media , even though it involved people of various races and ethnicities . "  The depiction of rioters has been disproportionately black and surprisingly female as well , " said Scott , 31 , as she described large-scale photos appearing in newspapers . "  There has been a pernicious representation of black women even in the riots , and an overall depriving image of black people in general . " The images and conversation that followed the three-day looting spree still remind Scott , a black woman of Caribbean descent , of the constant battle the black community faces in the UK : negative stereotypes brought on by inaccurate representation in the media . And she is not alone in believing that unfair depictions and constant scrutiny plague black women especially , belittling them in the public eye and forcing them into subordinate social positions . "  We ca n't talk about Jim Crow or apartheid . But like blacks globally , we are both visible and invisible , " said Heidi Mirza , a professor at the University of London who teaches equalities studies in education . "  We are let into desegregated spaces and constantly watched . We remain totally ignored and excluded . " Stereotypes and pressures to ` act white ' Mirza said she believes social barriers , discrimination and sexism keep some black women from succeeding . "  Minorities aspire and have bought into the American ideal that if you work hard , you can reach the top . But in Britain , it does n't always work that way , " said Mirza , author of "  Young , Female and Black . " With few black leaders in Parliament , the lack of representation in the social sphere is becoming more of a concern among black British females who consider themselves future mothers and the cornerstones of their society . "  In many of the places where I have worked , I was one of the few women of color , and I felt like I needed to play a certain role in order to fit in , " said Kehinde Olarinmoye , 37 , a former music industry professional of Nigerian descent . "  It was the only way to survive . " Zena Tuitt , a 37-year-old British Caribbean , said that for some , the black British experience is tainted by stereotypes that inhibit black women from being their true selves . "  The British stereotype of black women is that we are the loud ones and we are overly sexualized or eroticized , " Tuitt said . "  We do n't want to be seen as that , so in Britain we have a tendency to try to fit in and not stand out . In quite a conservative society , in order to get on , you need to fit in and to keep your head down . " Mirza said there is a strong social need "  to act white " to be accepted . "  To some extent you have to put on a mask , " she said . "  With the added dimension of gender and sexualization , black British women are seen as exotic and not as clever . If we ` act white , ' we make the majority comfortable , and it becomes one of the few avenues to progress socially . " Black women 's need to mold into the Eurocentric ideals of society , Tuitt said , stems from not having many positive black images or leaders to look up to in her country . "  Growing up , I was looking at people like Oprah Winfrey and women on ` The Cosby Show , ' " she said . "  Those examples of American women that I saw were all aspirational but were quite removed from my experience . Trying to role model these women created another struggle for me , because that type of woman was n't recognizable in the UK . " This lack of public representation has been slowly coming to surface . Hannah Pool , a columnist in the UK , has heavily criticized the European beauty industry for its ignorance toward black women . "  Black women spend up to six times more on hair and makeup than their white counterparts , yet much of the industry still ignores us , " Pool said in the 2010 issue of Grazia magazine . "  Many brands still do n't have  foundation  bases suitable for anything darker than a light honey . " A 2009 Mintel report revealed that while 12 % of the UK 's population is nonwhite , ethnic beauty products represent just 1 % of all new hair care , skin care and makeup launches . "  The ethnic market has a long way to go to be brought in line with the demographic makeup of the UK population , " the report said . Mirza suggests the media is partially to blame . "  We are bombarded by white images here in the UK , and only Eurocentric forms of blackness are acceptable , " she said . "  The UK has a Neolithic view of beauty that marginalizes the rest of black women , leaving them feeling unwanted on a shelf . "  Not only does it make you question your worth as a black British woman , but it also makes you wonder if that Old World theory of the British empire still holds true : to divide and conquer . " A champion for change Simone Bresi-Ando , a black British woman of Ghanaian descent , has worked in the public relations field for nearly 20 years . Throughout her life , the 39-year-old said she has been aware of black women 's minimal recognition in social arenas . "  We have had situations in our history where we 've seen conducts that have been based on race or on unequal treatment of people from other races -- unfair health policies or lack of access to education , " Bresi-Ando said . "  Some people do n't like to use the word  racism  ; they like to call it something else . But in my eyes , it is what it is . " Bresi-Ando created the "  I 'm Possible " group in 2009 as a platform to help push black British women 's voices into the public domain and highlight achievements for women of color in Britain . In June , Bresi-Ando hosted an event -- sponsored by Mizani cosmetics -- in which leading black figures in British society , including Bonnie Greer and Angie Le Mar , gathered for candid discussion of issues that affect black females . "  As black women , we are also partially responsible for what image is portrayed , " said Desiree Banugo , a member of "  I 'm Possible . " "  We have the opportunity to share and educate others about our culture and experience so they can see it for what it really is -- rather than from the voices of people who do n't know , or from the media , which distorts what we 're saying , thinking and how we live . "  The important thing in terms of diversity is to engage in the conversation on race . We are a long way off from being in a place where the issues are tackled head on . " African-American history , Bresi-Ando said , has had a strong impact on black British women in helping them realize the inner strength to band together in social movements and fight for racial and gender equality . When she created "  I 'm Possible , " she was inspired by two American enterprises -- "  Oprah 's Legend Luncheon " and "  Black Girls Rock " -- that seek to recognize achievements made by minority women . "  I admire the black experience in the States because of the sense of community and ability to sing together from the same song sheet on important political issues , " Bresi-Ando said . "  We lack those networks here , and we do n't know how to connect in a positive way because we do n't want to openly address the issue . " Social invisibility is a struggle that African-American women deal with as well . In a 2010 study published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , researchers found that African-American women are more likely than black men , white men and white women to go unnoticed by others in a group or social situation . But it is African-American women 's ability to alter and push toward change that gives hope and inspires black British women , said Olarinmoye , the ex-music industry professional . "  I think the struggle is similar and different , " Olarinmoye said , speaking of black America 's history of social change from Harriet Tubman to the election of President Barack Obama . "  America has experienced racism a lot longer than we have . And  American  women have a platform set for women of color , and that 's what we are trying to create . "  We 've had to dig deep in order to find our history , and we 've had to look up to African-Americans to see what models we can replicate here and give a British identity . " Bresi-Ando 's project , the University of London 's Mirza said , is one example of how black women can reclaim their image in Britain : by getting out there and talking about it . "  We have high rates of mental health issues amongst black women in Britain . We are underrepresented and underfunded . But it stems from a nonspoken history that lives in our communities past and present , " Mirza said . "  We need to talk about this skeletal past , the racism , the misrepresentation . We need to build networks that will reinforce and promote social ideals . We need to invest the knowledge into our daughters to make sure the lessons we learn do not vanish as we move ahead . " Bresi-Ando agrees . "  It may take time and may be difficult , " she said . "  But my American sisters have shown me that it can be done . "	Some black women feel like they are seen , but not heard in UK society They say they 're underrepresented in the workplace , social arenas The media is partially to blame , one expert says Some British women view African-American women as a model for change
CNN  -- Motivation is a tricky thing . We need it in every aspect of our lives : to get up in the morning and go to work , to start  and finish  that 10-page paper , to do laundry after a long day . Yet the motivation to get healthy often eludes us . It hides in the form of excuses -- excuses for why we ca n't go to the gym or cook a healthy meal , why we ca n't get enough sleep or make time for ourselves . Often we lack motivation because we lack inspiration . Why I became a triathlete Every year CNN selects iReporters to race in a triathlon with Dr. Sanjay Gupta and the Fit Nation team . This year we 're giving six lucky readers a road bike  with all the necessary accessories  , a wet suit and a gym membership to help them prepare for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon on September 8 . As they train for their first triathlon with support from our fitness and nutrition coaches , they 'll blog , tweet and share their workouts online . You 'll watch as they get ready to swim a half-mile in the ocean , bike 18 miles and run 4 miles along the Pacific coast . We hope this year 's Fit Nation Triathlon Challenge team will inspire you to make your own health a priority . Whether it 's being a role model for your kids , accomplishing a personal goal or simply being able to enjoy life , find your motivation for getting fit and eating better . If our past Fit Nation team members are any indication , you 'll be happy you did . Meet this year 's team : Douglas Mogle Douglas Mogle was tailgating at a Notre Dame game in October 2011 when he started feeling ill . On his way out of the parking lot , he passed out and fell down face first . At 31 years old , he had gone into sudden cardiac arrest . "  I have a confession to make , " Mogle wrote in his first blog for Fit Nation . "  I was petrified of not being selected to the CNN Fit Nation Triathlon Challenge . Seriously , petrified . "  It seemed as though everyone who applied to the challenge was going to ` Start this new way of life , ' regardless of being selected or not . They were motivated . They had obtainable goals . They had a plan . I , on the other hand , was shaking in my boots . I was not ready to face the reality of trying to live a healthier lifestyle by myself , again . " A fourth-grade teacher from Atlanta , Mogle is now ready to follow his own advice to his students : You have to work really , really hard to reach success . "  I 'm in this for the long term , and failure is not an option . I 'll do whatever my CNN Fit Nation coaches and mentors ask me to do . I 'll follow their workouts , their eating plans and everything in between . Will it be easy ? No , probably not . But ` they ' usually say that nothing worthwhile ever is . " Hear more of Mogle 's story Will Cleveland Will Cleveland grew up in the military , traveling from country to country with his family . As an adult , the Atlanta man became a soldier himself . Looking back on his childhood has motivated the 28-year-old single father to become a role model for his son . That includes quitting smoking , a bad habit he picked up after leaving the Army . "  I want to stay living as long as possible in order to experience this world in its entirety , " Cleveland wrote . "  I want to be around when my son has a chance to see the world , and I want to be there to guide him and teach him right from wrong . ... If it makes any sense , I would say just by seeing what I have seen thus far , I know there is much more to see . "  I know this training and competing will be painful and mentally stressful , but if he sees that his father was able to finish something he set out for , maybe he will think he can do the same thing and strive to be the best . " Hear more of Cleveland 's story Annette Miller Annette Miller wanted to join the basketball team when she was 10 years old . Permission slip in hand , she excitedly told her parents about her plans -- but , she says , they told her she was too fat to play . "  Those five words impacted my life more than I could ever know , " Miller wrote on her iReport submission . "  For the past 20-plus years I 've been ` too fat to ' do a lot of things . " The tipping point came when Miller 's twin sister needed a kidney transplant . Doctors would n't even test Miller to see if she was a match because she was obese . Since then , Miller has lost more than 100 pounds . "  I 've seen how my body has changed and how strong I 'm getting and it amazes me , " the Nashville resident wrote . "  My way of thinking and seeing myself are still works in progress . Many days I feel like the 10-year-old that just wanted to play basketball , and I still hear ` You 're too fat to play . ' "  I need to be able to run across the finish line and be able to call myself a triathlete . Completing this challenge with the 2013 Fit Nation team will do more for me mentally and emotionally than any amount of weight I can ever lose . " Hear more of Miller 's story Stacy Mantooth "  I barely recognize the person I 've become , " Stacy Mantooth wrote in his first blog . "  Who is this fat guy staring back at me in the mirror ? Apparently watching sports on TV does n't actually count as exercise . Who knew ?! " Mantooth is a big fan of triathlons . He has volunteered at several in his hometown of Las Vegas . Watching from the sidelines , he wished he could be one of the athletes crossing the finish line . "  But how could such an unhealthy person become a triathlete ? " he asked himself . "  The journey seemed so overwhelming , but every one of those athletes , from the pros to the Joes , had to start somewhere , right ? " Thanks to encouragement from his girlfriend , Mantooth will soon get to cross the finish line in Malibu . "  I know that success and real change will come from hard work , but I 'm committed to the miles of training that lie ahead , " he wrote . "  I 'm ready to finally improve -- and downsize -- the person I see in the mirror . " Hear more of Mantooth 's story Tabitha McMahon Life has n't been easy for Tabitha McMahon . At just 19 years old , the Indianapolis resident was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis , a type of inflammatory bowel disease . Symptoms forced her to quit school , and she spent several years in and out of hospitals . "  Blood transfusions , broken bones , mono , pneumonia , incontinence , painful joints , significant weight loss followed by significant weight gain , major abdominal surgeries and a temporary ileostomy left me physically weary and nearly defeated , " McMahon wrote on her iReport submission . "  Nearly defeated " is the key phase . After having her colon removed in emergency surgery , McMahon slowly recovered -- marrying her college sweetheart , earning her degree , starting work in the nonprofit world and adopting a baby . Now she has her eyes set on new goals . "  First and foremost , I want to get fit . I want to lose these extra pounds and be healthy and active every day . I want to live a long life for my husband and 7-year-old daughter . "  I also want to reduce stigma around UC and other digestive disease  s  . As you might imagine , this is not the stuff of cocktail party chatter . However , 1.4 million Americans suffer silently from inflammatory bowel disease . It 's pretty astounding . "  I have spent many years convincing myself that to be active I can only work out in a gym or at home -- somewhere near a bathroom . ... No more . It 's time to face these fears head on . It 's time to get out of the gym and on the road . " Hear more of McMahon 's story Rae Timme Rae Timme , a long-time prison warden for the Colorado Department of Corrections , will retire two weeks after the Nautica Malibu Triathlon . She 's excited about her retirement , but wants to be in shape so she can enjoy quality time with her husband , three kids and seven grandkids . "  I have ... learned the past few years how truly precious life is , and that none of us can take our health for granted , " Timme , of Pueblo West , Colorado , wrote in her blog . "  I have lost my sister , my brother , both of my parents . I am the oldest of the four kids that my parents had -- our younger brother died of leukemia when we were kids -- and the only one that survived them . Sadly , the primary causes of death for my brother and sister were preventable . " Timme has read scary statistics about her profession : People who work in corrections have the second highest mortality rate of any job ; on average , a corrections officer 's 58th birthday will be their last . That motivated her to apply for the CNN Fit Nation team . "  I am a literal bundle of emotions , " Timme wrote in the days leading up to the kick-off weekend trip . "  I am excited beyond belief , humbled to have been selected from so many applicants , scared to death about being able to keep up with the youngsters on the team , and terrified of having to wear the tri shorts that came in the mail today in public . "  Most of all , I can not wait to get started on this journey . " Hear more of Timme 's story Follow Fit Nation on Facebook and Twitter @CNNFitNation CNN 's Caitlin Hagan and Matt Sloane contributed to this story .	CNN selected six iReporters to train for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon Fit Nation team will help them swim , bike and run their way to the finish line Follow the team 's journey on Facebook and on Twitter
An American explorer 's claim to have found the long-lost Santa Maria , Christopher Columbus ' flagship from his first voyage to the Americas , has been dismissed by a group of U.N. experts . Underwater explorer Barry Clifford made headlines when he said in May that he believed a shipwreck on a reef off Haiti 's northern coast could be the fabled ship , which went down in 1492 . But a team from the U.N. cultural agency UNESCO said in a report Monday that bronze or copper fasteners found at the site point to shipbuilding techniques of the late 17th or 18th centuries , when ships were covered in copper . Before that , fasteners were made only of wood or iron , it said . "  There is now incontestable proof that the wreck is from a much later period , " according to the report by mission leader Xavier Nieto Prieto , who visited the site for several days beginning September 9 . The experts also believe that contemporary accounts , including Columbus ' own journal , indicate that the wreck is too far from the shore to be that of the Santa Maria . The UNESCO mission was requested by the Haitian government to check out Clifford 's claim to have solved a 500-year-old mystery . Clifford told CNN in May that he was "  very confident " that his team had discovered the wreck of a ship he described as having "  changed the course of human history . " He believed the site had been looted since he first uncovered it in 2003 . The Santa Maria was the flagship of Columbus ' small fleet that set sail from Spain in August 1492 under the sponsorship of King Ferdinand II and Queen Isabella I . The voyage aimed to find a westward route to China , India and the gold and spice islands of the East . But the land the sailors set eyes on in October 1492 was an island in the Caribbean . Among the islands on which Columbus set foot was Hispaniola , which is divided between Haiti and the Dominican Republic . Columbus established a fort in Haiti . That December , the Santa Maria accidentally ran aground off the island 's coast . Some planks and provisions from the wrecked ship , which was about 117 feet  36 meters  long , were used by the garrison at the fort , according to Encyclopaedia Britannica . Columbus set off back to Spain with the two remaining ships , the Nina and the Pinta , in January 1493 . The UNESCO report called for further investigations to find the Santa Maria and urged Haiti to take steps to ensure that its underwater heritage is protected in line with U.N. conventions .	U.N. experts say a wreck found off Haiti is not that of the long-lost Santa Maria An American explorer said in May he believed he 'd found Christopher Columbus ' flagship But UNESCO says that bronze or copper fasteners at the site indicate it was a later wreck The Santa Maria foundered in 1492 as Columbus made his first voyage to the Americas
CNN  -- Three weeks ago , 276 girls awoke to a nightmare . On the night of April 14 , a gang of heavily armed militants attacked their dormitory at the Government Girls Secondary School in Chibok , a town in Nigeria 's Borno state . They shot the guards , loaded the girls into trucks and drove them away into the forest . It has been reported that the girls are being married off or even sold for as little as $ 12 to be wives to Boko Haram militants . Since then , there has been disturbingly little action to find these girls . Local police say that around 53 of the girls have escaped , but that still leaves at least 223 held hostage in the hands of Boko Haram . That 's almost as many people as were aboard Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 -- a horrible tragedy that has been the subject of intense media coverage and a massive international search . In Nigeria , no one seems to know where these girls are , and until this past weekend , no one seemed inclined to do much about it . The most determined pursuit of the kidnappers had come not from the Nigerian military but from the families of the abducted girls . Some of the family members , armed only with bows and arrows to fight terrorists armed with assault rifles , rode into the forest on motorcycles to try to find their girls . Fortunately , after this past week , the world is finally paying attention . With the families reaching out through social media , using the Twitter hashtag ' #BringBackOurGirls , ' protests have spread across the world calling for the Nigerian government to take stronger action and for the international community to help . The United States should help lead this international effort , and we have to take some immediate actions to help marshal a global response to this heinous crime . First , the United States should seek a resolution from the U.N. Security Council condemning this attack . It should also call for member countries to extend all appropriate assistance to Nigeria and neighboring countries to help locate the victims of Boko Haram 's abductions and bring them home . I 've joined with 20 women senators to call on the U.N. to designate Boko Haram as a terrorist group -- as the United States has already done -- which would trigger additional international sanctions on the group . Second , we should move as quickly as we can to provide intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance assets to contribute to the search for the missing girls . The countries of the region have limited resources , and American support with aerial and satellite surveillance , similar to what we have provided to the hunt for Joseph Kony and his so-called Lord 's Resistance Army in central Africa , could make a significant difference in their ability to liberate Boko Haram hostages . I 'm encouraged by the administration 's announcement that a team from the military , the FBI and other agencies is traveling to Nigeria to advise and assist the government with intelligence , hostage negotiations and other counterterrorism expertise . Finally , we must work to strengthen the capabilities of local authorities in Nigeria and other countries in the region to protect children , particularly girls , and combat human trafficking through civilian law enforcement . Our current security sector assistance programs for these countries remain weighted towards their armed forces rather than building the capacity of civilian law enforcement to protect citizens where they live . We should use the expertise of the Department of State , Department of Justice , and U.S. Agency for International Development to help design and implement robust programs that bolster anti-trafficking efforts in these countries over the long term . Make no mistake , how we respond to the abduction of the girls of Nigeria will be a moral test of our nation 's commitment to the fight against modern-day slavery . Human trafficking is a stain on the conscience of the world and is now the world 's third-largest criminal enterprise , behind only drug - and gun-trafficking . I recently led a delegation to Mexico to talk about how we can coordinate with other countries to fight sex trafficking around the world . The U.S. can work with local officials to help them crack down on traffickers and support victims . But this is n't only a problem in countries half a world away -- it 's happening in our own backyards . In fact , 83 % of the victims in the United States are U.S. citizens . I 've introduced a bipartisan bill with Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , to fight sex trafficking in America by making sure minors sold for sex are n't prosecuted as criminals but are instead treated as victims . The bill also allows victims of sex trafficking to participate in the Job Corps program to help them get back on their feet , and would create a National Strategy to Combat Human Trafficking to encourage cooperation among all the federal , state , and local agencies that work on this problem . We can not close our eyes to these horrific acts in our own country and across the globe , including the clear evidence of barbarity unfolding before us in Nigeria . Our action or inaction will be felt not only by those schoolgirls being held captive and their families waiting in agony , but by victims and perpetrators of trafficking around the world . Now is the time to act . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sen. Amy Klobuchar argues that the U.S. must help lead the effort to rescue the kidnapped Nigerian girls More than 200 girls were abducted earlier this month , many have reportedly been sold The militant group Boko Haram has claimed responsibility
CNN  -- Just when I thought my amazement with Pope Francis had run its course , he did it again . In a long interview with an old friend who was writing for an Argentine magazine , the pope put forward a 10-point plan for happiness . From where I sit , it seems , well , pretty damn good if not perfect . Here are Pope Francis ' tips for a happy life and my comments on them : 1 . Live and let live . It 's an echo of the Pope 's earlier remark on gays : "  Who am I to judge ? " Moreover , it 's what Jesus said in the Sermon on the Mount : "  Judge not , unless you want to be judged yourself . "  Matthew 7:1 2 . Give yourself to others . That is , give your money and your time to those in need . Do n't just sit around like stagnant water . Give all you have and then some . 3 Move quietly in the world . The Pope quotes from a favorite novel by an early 20th-century Argentine writer , Ricardo Guiraldes , in which the novelist writes that in one 's youth , a person is "  a rocky stream that runs over everything , " but as one gets older , one becomes "  a running river , quietly peaceful . " It 's very like the Native American suggestion that one should walk "  in balance and beauty " on the ground , making the least disturbance . 4 . Enjoy leisure . The Pope says that consumerism has brought with it unbearable anxieties . So play with your children . Take time off . And do n't spend all your time thinking about your next acquisition . Spend your time well , not your money . 5 . Sunday is for families . This is actually one of the Ten Commandments . Honor the Sabbath .  Exodus 20:8  Once a week , give a whole day to meditation , worship , family life , tending the needs of the spirit . This is healthy living . 6 . Find jobs for young people . Who would have guessed that job-creation would be on list for happiness ? But the Pope is right . Honest , simple work for young people is essential to their well-being . Somewhat surprisingly , in this moment in the interview , the Pope connected job creation to the degradation of our environment : "  the tyrannical use of nature . " He links the lack of good jobs to the lack of respect for ourselves and the Earth itself . So creating jobs does n't mean ruining the environment . It does n't mean , as the politicians chant , "  jobs , jobs , jobs . " Good and productive labor is valuable , and it does n't mean you have to have a fancy job description . You do n't have to become rich . You can be ordinary . Happiness lies there . Do good work , create good work for others . 7 . Respect nature . This follows from No. 6 . "  Is n't humanity committing suicide with this indiscriminate and tyrannical use of nature ? " the Pope wonders . Not surprisingly , this is what Henry David Thoreau , a founding father of the environmental movement , said . "  Most people live lives of quiet desperation , " he said . He went into the woods , to Walden Pond , because he wanted "  to live deliberately " and to "  front only the essential facts of life . " A proper respect for nature means that you ca n't pollute the air , poison the rivers and chop down the forests indiscriminately without suffering greatly . I suspect that a huge amount of the anxiety and suffering that we see around can be closely traced to our wanton misuse of our resources . Just look at any garbage dump and see what is wasted . In a sense , we 've wasted our souls . 8 . Let go of negative things quickly . The Pope tells us not to complain about people who annoy or frustrate us , to let go of things as rapidly as we can . I have an old friend who used to say , "  Put the bad things in your back pocket and leave them there . " This may sound like escapism or putting your head in the sand , but it 's more interesting than that . Life throws rotten things our way each day . People say nasty things to us , often about others . This stuff makes them miserable , of course . It makes us miserable , too . Flush it . 9 . Do n't preach your religion too forcefully . Proselytism brings on paralysis , the Pope tells us . Wow . I 'm a Christian myself , and I do n't mind saying so . But each person sees the world before them in his or her own way . The Pope says this . As a teaching , it seems to run counter to the so-called Great Commission  Matthew 28:16 -20  . Jesus said to get out there and spread the word . But the Pope takes a relaxed view of this activity , preferring that we should teach by example . Perhaps that really is what Jesus would do ? 10 . Work for peace . The Pope has preached this message from the beginning of his time as pontiff . He has gone to Jerusalem and worked to bring together Jews and Palestinians . He has prayed for peace and worked for peace . He has listened closely to Jesus , who said , "  blessed are the peacemakers . " The Pope asks us to take in refugees , to think innovatively about how to create peace in the world . Jesus , of course , invites us to turn the other cheek when struck . This is a complex teaching . But it 's essential to Christian faith . The Pope , once again , calls on us to take the teachings of the Sermon on the Mount seriously . This is very hard but crucial work . Pope Francis has , in this unlikely venue , given us his own Sermon on the Mount , his Ten Commandments for happiness and inner peace . One can only be grateful for his wisdom , which is rooted in a sincere faith , in hard-earned wisdom , and a very practical knowledge of human needs and potentials .	In an interview , Pope Francis laid out 10-point plan for happiness Among them : Live and let live ; move quietly in world ; Sunday is for family ; enjoy leisure One that surprises Jay Parini is not to proselytize Parini says the Pope urges us to think innovatively about how to create peace
United Nations  CNN  -- Thirty Congolese women on the border of Angola and Congo were held in a dungeonlike prison and systematically raped by uniformed men , according to U.N. officials . The Congolese women were part of a group of 150 people who had recently been expelled from Angola . The United Nations said the women reported they were held for nearly two weeks in early October and raped . The U.N. said three people in the group were killed , including two men and a woman , who died after being repeatedly raped . Those who survived and were released then returned to the Congo in the nude and with no belongings , according to the United Nations . The rapes were first reported to the United Nations on Saturday . In another region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Western Kasai , at least 20 Congolese women also reported being raped , the United Nations said . The U.N. Office for Humanitarian Affairs said 1,200 expulsions have been reported from Angola . While these expulsions are legal , OCHA spokesman Maurizio Giuliano said they are concerned about the human rights violations of the deportees . The organization encouraged expulsions to happen in a timely fashion with respect for human rights . U.N. officials were scheduled to meet Wednesday in the region to discuss the possibility of sending a team to investigate these claims further . These reported rapes come after nearly 500 people were systematically raped during rebel attacks this summer in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .	Thirty Congolese women raped on Angola-Congo border by uniformed men , U.N. officials say Women were part of group of 150 people who had been expelled from Angola , U.N. says . United Nations says women reported being held for nearly two weeks and raped
The cosmetics section of any department store anywhere in the world might usually be the first thing you encounter when you walk through the door , but in China it 's often a mirror maze on a vast and dazzling scale . There are serried ranks of demonstrations as shop assistants jostle for attention armed with French moisturizers , South Korean all-in-one BB creams and Japanese lip glosses and violet eye shadows . If department stores in Asia are the battle ground for its emerging middle classes , then the cosmetics counter is its front line . Big demand In China , cosmetics now outstrips groceries as the biggest selling item in its department stores , according to a report from Fung Business Intelligence Center . In 2013 , Chinese women , and increasingly men , spent 162.5 billion yuan  $ 26 billion  on cosmetics in an industry that showed 13.3 % growth year-on-year , according to the same report citing figures from Euromonitor International . Japan 's annual beauty and personal care market is still the largest in the region at about $ 50 billion , second in the world only to the United States  which is about $ 70 billion  , according to Euromonitor International . But China 's 150 million-strong middle class is closing the gap fast . For them , however , ground zero in terms of models of beauty is increasingly South Korea . While South Korea 's domestic market is only a third the size of China , in terms of soft power the country punches well above its weight thanks to Asia 's insatiable appetite for Korean drama series and their stars . China 's middle class is expected to grow to 500 million within a decade . By 2030 around one billion people in China could be middle class -- as much as 70 % of its projected population , according to a report from EY . In terms of brands , according to Euromonitor , L'Oral China continued to hold the leading position in the Chinese cosmetics market in 2013 with a value share of 34 % . And while South Korean brands might be little known outside the region , thanks to the popularity of K-pop and Korean soap operas -- whose stars such as Song Hye-kyo and Kim Hyun-joong and Yoona of Girls ' Generation are household names in the Asia-Pacific region -- Korean beauty brands are now the hottest ticket item in China . Star power One Korean brand in particular , Laneige  meaning the "  the snow " in French  and made by South Korea 's AmorePacific Corp , is popular among China 's middle classes . With its blue and white design and French cachet , the skincare product benefits from the soft power of being South Korean and , more importantly , cheaper . Vivienne Rudd , director of global innovation at market researcher Mintel , said South Korean beauty and personal care retail market posted 5.8 % growth year-on-year to 2013 compared with just 2.1 % for the UK and 3.9 % for the US . "  The success of South Korean brands has a lot to do with Chinese consumers copying the style of South Korean soap opera and music stars , " Rudd told CNN . "  They 'll even go so far as to get the particular products being used by these stars . The stores will try to get in the exact shades that South Korean actresses are using . " She said the same way that H&M and Zara will get catwalk styles in quickly , South Korean retailers will do the same with cosmetics . "  This is particularly true with lip color , " Rudd said . Hot market Increasingly , however , South Korea is setting the standard for the growing market in skincare products , creating the all-in-one BB creams -- which contain tints , moisturizer and even sunblock -- that have become so popular in Asia . "  South Korea is really the hot market for innovation and it 's even overtaken markets like Japan as the place where everyone looks for the experts in skincare . The Chinese are fascinated by facial skincare and by face color cosmetics , " Rudd said . "  South Korean women are very much held up as the standard of beauty across Asia . " Despite the coverage that South Korean brands have received recently , it is still brands from Europe and the U.S. that rule the roost in China . Beauty expertise "  Western brands such as L'Oreal still have the brand recognition in China , " Rudd said , adding that because South Korean brands have been slowing recently , they have been marketing more aggressively in the Chinese market with products aimed directly at Chinese consumers . Apart from creating brands that build on the idea that South Korea has a special expertise in terms of Asia beauty , South Korean cosmetics are seen as lighter and more fun than their Western counterparts . "  They are very quick to use catchy new ingredients , thick textures and they 're very careful with their pricing , " she said . In the meantime , however , Chinese brands have not been slow to sell in their own markets with brands such as Shanghai Jahwa emerging as a major competitor to Western brands , especially third and fourth-tier cities in China . "  There 's a certain cachet with French brands , however , and it 's amusing to see Chinese brands creating names in Chinese that , when pronounced phonetically , sound very much like French names , " Rudd said . Read this : Battle for middle class is only gearing up Read this : The social apps taking China by storm More from Virtual Think Tank	In China , cosmetics now outstrips groceries as the biggest selling item in its department stores In 2013 , Chinese women , and increasingly men , spent 162.5 billion yuan  $ 26 billion  on cosmetics Japan 's annual beauty and personal care market is still the largest in the region at about $ 50bn But China 's 150 million-strong middle class is closing the gap fast and its focus is increasingly South Korea
CNN  While President Barack Obama said he is committed to withdrawing all U.S. troops from Afghanistan by 2016 , leaving local security forces in charge of their country 's own policing , the newly elected Afghan president said Obama should "  re-examine " his timeline . "  Deadlines concentrate the mind . But deadlines should not be dogmas , " President Ashraf Ghani told CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " The United States ended its combat presence in Afghanistan last month . But about 10,000 troops remain for training and support roles . "  If both parties or , in this case , multiple partners , have done their best to achieve the objectives and progress is very real , then there should be willingness to re-examine a deadline , " Ghani said in the interview that aired Sunday night . When asked whether he had told this to Obama , Ghani responded , "  President Obama knows me . We do n't need to tell each other . " His predecessor , former Afghan President Hamid Karzai , would not sign a security agreement with the United States .	Afghan President Ashraf Ghani says progress is "  very real " "  Deadlines should not be dogmas , " he told "  60 Minutes "
She told stories , flirted outrageously with boys and was constantly changing her hairstyle . Anne Frank hid with her family in a secret room at her father Otto Frank 's office in Amsterdam . It could be the description of almost any young girl growing up in Europe . But this is how Eva Schloss remembers her childhood friend Anne Frank , who had she not died in a Nazi concentration camp , would have celebrated her 80th birthday this week . Schloss described Frank , whose account of hiding from Jewish persecution in Nazi-occupied Amsterdam is one of the world 's mostly widely-read books , as a spunky young schoolgirl with a passion for storytelling that often got her into trouble . "  She got her diary in 1942 , so obviously her father knew she was interested in writing and I know she told stories , " said Schloss . "  She talked a lot and she was called Mrs Quack Quack . Very often she used to write hundreds of lines -LSB- at school -RSB- of ` I 'm not going to talk so much , ' and so on -- but obviously she had a lot to tell . " In some ways the two friends lived parallel lives -- but tragically they had very different outcomes . Watch more about Schloss ' story " Schloss and Frank both came from Jewish families who fled to Holland to escape the wave of anti-Semitism spreading across Europe as the Nazis rose to power in Germany ahead of the Second World War . But while Schloss was more of an introvert , Frank loved the limelight . Schloss said : "  I was actually quite shy and she was the center of attention . We had steps where we sat , and she had a crowd of children around her . "  She was a big flirt -- she loved boys . She was always showing us who was her boyfriend at that particular time . She was always interested in her clothes . Her style , she always changed it . Sometimes she had curls , then she had straight hair . " Schloss says they were unaware of the full scale of what was going on around them as war escalated across Europe , placing their lives in increasing jeopardy . "  Our parents really protected us so there was no talk about the horrendous things which happened . "  You could n't go out anymore after 8 o'clock , but for a 11 to 12 year old it did n't matter so much . Or not going to the cinema -- we were upset about those little things which we could n't do , but we really did n't really take it seriously at that time . " Like Frank , Schloss was also forced into hiding when the Nazis took control of Holland . Frank hid with her family in a secret room at her father Otto Frank 's office . But Schloss and her family had to split up . Schloss stayed with her mother while her father and brother hid elsewhere . She and her mother moved around , staying in seven different hiding places over a two-year period . Eventually both families were betrayed and were sent to concentration camps , where Frank died at the age of 15 . Schloss said : "  My father and brother were betrayed by a Dutch nurse who was a double agent , and all four of us were arrested and taken to the headquarters to be interrogated . "  I did n't know anything , which was a good thing . So eventually they realized this and they gave up torturing me . Within two days we were put on a transport to Auschwitz . " Of her family , only Schloss and her mother survived Auschwitz , one of the most notorious concentration camps , located in southern Poland . Today Schloss , who has just celebrated her own 80th birthday , has a husband , three daughters and five grandchildren . Schloss says it took her decades to rebuild her life , with the help of Frank 's father Otto , who also survived incarceration in a concentration camp . She met Otto in August 1945 , when he showed her Frank 's diary . Schloss said : "  He read a few passages but he always burst into tears . It took me 20 years . I was really unhappy , but it was Otto who came to our apartment to talk to us , and he helped me a lot . He had lost everybody . "  Her book , she -LSB- Frank -RSB- made people aware of what happened . There are many messages . She believed in the goodness of mankind . "  People always ask me , what she would have done . I guess we will never know . But I guess she would have gone into politics -- she was a fighter . It 's a pity , but also -- maybe her diary would have never been published . " CNN 's Don Riddell contributed to this story .	Anne Frank would have celebrated her 80th birthday this week Frank , 15 , died at Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland Her diary is one of the world 's mostly widely-read books Like Frank , Eva Schloss and her family fled from Nazi persecution of the Jews
CNN  -- Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher has continued to pillory Pirelli 's tires , complaining that they are like driving on "  raw eggs . " The Mercedes driver blamed the quicker degradation of the Italian manufacturer 's products for the scenario which has seen four race winners in as many starts this season , and much closer competition between the drivers . "  I just think that they 're playing a much too big effect because they are so peaky and so special that they do n't put our cars or ourselves to the limit , " he told CNN ahead of this weekend 's Spanish Grand Prix . "  We drive like on raw eggs and I do n't want to stress the tires at all . Otherwise you just overdo it and you go nowhere . " The 43-year-old German has been a vocal critic of Pirelli , calling on the company to rethink its approach after several drivers struggled with tire degradation during last month 's Bahrain Grand Prix . He was backed by McLaren team boss Martin Whitmarsh , whose drivers also struggled with the tires . Jenson Button suffered a puncture with three laps remaining , retiring on the penultimate lap , while Lewis Hamilton finished down in eighth and lost his championship lead to race winner Sebastian Vettel . Pirelli replaced Bridgestone as F1 's sole tire supplier in 2011 , winning a three-year contract . Bridgestone had been the sole provider from 2007-2010 , after Michelin pulled out . However , Pirelli has argued it should be congratulated for such an open , unpredictable season . The manufacturer claimed it was simply responding to calls for more eventful racing , with director Paul Hembery saying : "  We are pushing the limits . "  It 's a very , very aggressive approach that we took . It 's what we were asked to do . We were asked to bring challenges to the teams and this is what we 've done . " Schumacher 's teammate Nico Rosberg , however , had a very different view on the tires . The 26-year-old German , who won the Chinese Grand Prix last month for his first victory in 111 attempts , took a positive spin on the unpredictability . "  I find it a big challenge for us drivers and an interesting challenge . It 's different but very interesting , " he told CNN . "  This tire management , getting the most out of it , understanding when to push , when to take it easy . It 's so on a knife 's edge with the tires that it 's good and it 's great for racing . It 's great , it 's mixed everything up , lots of overtaking , lots of things happening , fantastic for everybody . " While Rosberg is sixth in the drivers ' rankings , Schumacher is languishing in 18th as he seeks his first podium placing since coming out of retirement in 2010 . However , the former Ferrari star is proud to see younger compatriots such as Rosberg , Nico Hulkenberg of Force India and Marussia 's Timo Glock with him on the 24-strong grid this season , and he reserved special praise for Red Bull 's double world champion Vettel . "  Being good friends , particularly with Sebastian , sort of makes it even more special because he grew up on my go-kart track , " Schumacher said . "  We know each other from childhood . His childhood mainly -- I was a little bit grown up by that stage . And seeing him do well makes me proud . " The Mercedes cars have been a lot more competitive this season , and Schumacher hopes they can transform their improved pace with more consistent race results . "  We have got one win under our belt . Got a bit unlucky in that race -- could have been a one-two without a doubt -- but it proves that we made a huge step because we have to consider where we come from , " he said . "  Last year was n't really what we were looking for . Starting the Silver Arrow new generation we had media success and finally we managed a victory , and I 'm pretty sure we can have other good races this year being on the podium , and maybe even being on top of the podium . "	Michael Schumacher criticizes Pirelli 's tires , complaining they degrade too quickly Seven-time world champ says tires are stopping drivers from pushing themselves Sole supplier Pirelli says tires have produced an exciting , unpredictable season Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg sees positives , saying "  it 's mixed everything up "
New York  CNN  -- A man who faces a trespassing charge for allegedly triggering a security breach at the Newark , New Jersey , airport was released from custody early Saturday , Port Authority police said . Haison Jiang , 28 , of Piscataway , faces a charge of defiant trespass , the Port Authority said . Security video from the incident Sunday shows an officer of the federal Transportation Security Administration who left his post unattended a few minutes after he asked an unidentified man in a light-colored jacket to stay behind the rope line . Moments later , the man ducks under the rope and walks the wrong way through security to greet a woman , prompting a security breach that shut down Terminal C for hours and forced the rescreening of thousands of passengers . A law enforcement source briefed on the investigation said Jiang was arrested in Piscataway , about 25 miles south of Newark . On Thursday , the TSA said the action 's of the officer on the video led to the breach . "  We will use this hard lesson to reinforce the sharp focus and tight discipline at all our stations across the country and ensure we maintain the public trust , " spokeswoman Ann Davis said . Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , had called on the man to turn himself in to authorities . "  The message can not go out to terrorists , people who would do damage to our citizens , that you could take a chance and get in , " he told reporters Friday night . "  This has to be seen as the equivalent of a terrible crime . "  What he did was a terrible injustice to the 16,000 people who were inconvenienced terribly , " he said . "  This fellow was responsible for it . As such he has to pay whatever the maximum price is . " The senator praised Port Authority police on the arrest , saying that with it , "  law enforcement will be able to take a closer look into how and why this incident occurred and make sure that it never happens again . " Lautenberg will participate in a Senate Transportation Committee hearing on U.S. aviation security on January 20 . Davis said earlier this week that although authorities were unable to locate the man , any threat he may have presented was eliminated "  by rescreening everyone and recombing the airport to make sure he did n't introduce anything to the environment or hand anything off to anyone . "	NEW : Haison Jiang , 28 , of Piscataway , faces a charge of defiant trespass Video shows man walking wrong way through security to greet a woman TSA officer left post after talking to the man , before man breached security
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Thursday signed the Tribal Law and Order Act , which provides greater law enforcement powers for tribal authorities on Indian reservations . At an emotional White House ceremony , Obama comforted a rape victim who broke down while trying to introduce him , by coming out early and offering her reassurance as she struggled to tell her story . Lisa Marie Iyotte of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe wept openly in describing the assault in 1994 by an attacker who was later convicted of another rape , but never prosecuted for the crime against Iyotte . Obama said the law he was signing would help prevent something like that from happening . Crime rates on some Indian reservations are 20 times higher than the national average , Obama said , adding that one in three Native American women are raped in their lifetimes , which he called "  an assault on our national conscience . " "  These are significant measures that will empower tribal nations and make a real difference in people 's lives , " Obama said of the new law . The law requires the Department of Justice to improve coordination with tribal justice officials in prosecuting crimes on reservations , and provides resources for better overall cooperation between tribal , state and federal agencies . In addition , the measure increases the maximum sentence that tribal courts can impose to three years , instead of the previous limit of a one-year sentence . Supporters of the measure say the sentencing provision will expand the number of cases handled by tribal courts , increasing local tribal control on reservations . The new law reauthorizes existing initiatives such as at-risk youth programs and treatment programs , said Jefferson Keel , president of the National Congress of American Indians . "  Law enforcement on tribal lands has long been hamstrung by a lack of resources and by restrictions placed by the federal government , " Keel said . "  The Tribal Law and Order Act is a significant step forward for tribal police . " The House approved the bill last week ; it passed the Senate in June .	NEW : President Obama signs the Tribal Law and Order Act NEW : Obama comforts rape victim who breaks down while introducing him The new law expands law enforcement powers of tribal authorities Statistics : One in three Native American women are raped
Washington  CNN  -- West Virginia Sen. Robert Byrd , the self-educated son of a coal miner who became the longest-serving member of Congress , died early Monday at age 92 , the senator 's office said . Byrd , a nine-term Democrat , was known as a master of the chamber 's often-arcane rules and as the self-proclaimed "  champion of the Constitution , " a jealous guardian of congressional power . His speeches were laced with references to poetry and the Greek and Roman classics , often punctuated by the brandishing of his pocket copy of the national charter . He was also known as the "  King of Pork , " using top positions on the Senate Appropriations Committee to steer federal spending to his home state -- one of the nation 's poorest . Byrd relished the title . "  Pork , to the critic , is service to the people who enjoy some of the good things in life , and I 've been happy to bring to West Virginia the projects to which they refer . I have no apology for it , " he said . "  When I am dead and am opened they will find West Virginia written on my heart . " He was an outspoken opponent of the war in Iraq , calling his 2002 vote against a "  blind and improvident " authorization of military action the proudest moment of his career . West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin -- a Democrat -- has the power to appoint a replacement for Byrd , whose current term is set to expire in 2013 . When Byrd entered Congress in January 1953 , a postage stamp cost 3 cents and American kids were clamoring for a new toy called Mr. Potato Head . Harry Truman was president , Winston Churchill was Britain 's prime minister , and Josef Stalin was still the Soviet Union 's leader . In November 2009 , two days before his 92nd birthday , Byrd passed Arizona Democrat Carl Hayden 's record to become the longest-serving member of Congress . His health problems mounted in his later years , putting him in the hospital four times between February 2008 and September 2009 . Under pressure from fellow Democrats , he announced he would step down as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee after the 2008 elections . "  I have been privileged to be a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee for 50 years and to have chaired the committee for 10 years , during a time of enormous change in our great country , both culturally and politically , " he wrote in a statement announcing his intention . "  A new day has dawned in Washington , and that is a good thing . For my part , I believe that it is time for a new day at the top of the Senate Appropriations Committee . " Robert Carlyle Byrd was born Cornelius Calvin Sale Jr. on November 20 , 1917 , in the North Carolina town of North Wilkesboro . His mother died when he was a year old , and he was adopted and renamed by his aunt and uncle , Titus and Vlurma Byrd . He started his political career by running for the state House of Delegates in 1946 , while working as a butcher and welder . He won a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives six years later , was elected to his first Senate term in 1958 , and won his ninth in 2006 , three weeks shy of his 89th birthday . "  If it 's the Lord 's will , the people will send me there . Why ? This Constitution needs a champion , " he said before the 2006 vote . As the senior senator of the majority party , Byrd served as the Senate 's president pro tempore -- third in line of presidential succession , behind the vice president and speaker of the House . While he set two endurance records in Congress , he was only proud of one in the end . The other was for his 1964 filibuster against the Civil Rights Act , when he spoke for 14 hours and 13 minutes in an effort to derail the law . He opposed civil rights when he first ran for office , a stance he came to regret later in life . He blamed "  that Southern atmosphere in which I grew up , with all of its prejudices and its feelings , " for his opposition to equal rights , which included joining the Ku Klux Klan in the 1940s . He called the move "  the greatest mistake of my life , " an "  albatross " that would always shadow his career . "  It 's a lesson to the young people of today , that once a major mistake has been made in one 's life , " he said , "  it will always be there , and it will be in my obituary . " Byrd was married to his childhood sweetheart , the former Erma James , for nearly 69 years before her death in 2006 . They had two daughters . "  I have met queens and the wives of shahs and great women from all over the world ,  but  to me now , this was the greatest woman I ever met in this world , " he said . He did not complete a college degree until 1963 , when he earned a law degree from American University in Washington after taking night classes -- the only time a member of Congress has earned a law degree while holding office . He also received a political science degree from West Virginia 's Marshall University in 1994 , at age 76 . He rose through the Senate 's Democratic ranks in the 1960s , and became the chamber 's majority leader in 1977 . He kept the party leadership when Republicans won back the Senate in 1980 , serving as minority leader for six years , then spent two more years as majority leader after the 1986 elections . In 1989 , he became chairman of the powerful Senate Appropriations Committee -- one of the most influential posts in Congress , with extensive control over the federal government 's purse strings . Years later , Byrd explained to CNN the power of that unique position . "  In the forest there is a water hole , " he said . "  All the animals have to come to that water hole sooner or later . The Appropriations Committee is a water hole . " He spent the rest of his career as the panel 's chairman or ranking Democrat , steering an estimated $ 3 billion in federal projects to West Virginia since 1991 , according to the watchdog group Citizens Against Government Waste . Byrd said he was looking out for the interests of his Appalachian constituents , nearly 20 percent of whom live below the federal poverty line . "  My memory is as good as it ever was , and it 's stock full of recollections about the poor people of West Virginia , how they were laughed at , " he told CNN in 2006 . But in the same interview , Byrd said it was his October 2002 vote against the resolution that gave President George Bush the authority to launch the invasion of Iraq "  of which I am most proud . " He was one of 23 senators to oppose the authorization , warning that Congress was abdicating its constitutional power to declare war by giving the president what amounted to a blank check . "  We are rushing into war without fully discussing why , without thoroughly considering the consequences , or without making any attempt to explore what steps we might take to avert conflict , " he said . Four months later , with an American-led army poised to move across the frontier and U.N. weapons inspectors reporting no sign of Iraq 's suspected weapons programs , Byrd returned to the Senate floor to condemn a "  hauntingly silent " chamber . Four years after casting that vote , he called the invasion "  the blunder of the age . " Though he promised to support U.S. troops "  to the last breath , the last dollar , " he told CNN that he and other opponents of the war had been right . "  History will prove it was wrong to invade another country without provocation . That is wrong . That was wrong then , and it would be wrong 50 years from today , " he said . CNN 's Dana Bash , Mike Roselli and Candy Crowley contributed to this report .	NEW : Byrd : "  When I am dead ... they will find West Virginia written on my heart " Byrd was a nine-term Democrat Known as the "  King of Pork " for steering federal funding to his home state Said his greatest mistake was his 14-hour filibuster of 1964 Civil Rights Act
CNN  The parents of Kendrick Johnson , 17 , never believed their son died accidentally after getting stuck upside down in the center of a rolled gym mat while reaching for a shoe . "  We know who killed him . We just have to prove it , " Johnson 's mother , Jacquelyn Johnson , told CNN . Now , attorneys for Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson have filed a wide-ranging , $ 100 million lawsuit that claims several former classmates beat their son to death inside the old gym at his south Georgia high school in January 2013 . The suit names 37 people , mostly members of local law enforcement , plus the city of Valdosta as defendants . The four-count lawsuit was filed Monday in Superior Court of DeKalb County in metro Atlanta , more than 200 miles from Lowndes County , where Johnson was found dead January 11 , 2013 . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's headquarters is in DeKalb County . In the filing , attorneys claim Johnson was "  induced " by a female student to go to the old gym at Lowndes High School on January 10 , 2013 . Attorneys do not name the female student . Attorneys accuse two former schoolmates , who are brothers , and their father , who is a local FBI agent , of wrongful death . Attorneys claim that the brothers "  violently assaulted " Johnson in response to their father 's command and that Johnson "  suffered a fatal injury which led to his death . " A third former schoolmate is also accused , as well as John Does and Jane Does . The students then put Johnson 's body in the center of the gym mat and placed it in the corner , the suit alleges . Only the defendants in the wrongful death claim are being sued for "  at least " $ 100 million . Defendants in the remaining three claims are being sued for undetermined punitive damages . "  This is yet another frivolous lawsuit filed by -LSB- the Johnson 's attorney -RSB- Chevene King in connection with the death of Kendrick Johnson . It contains allegations against -LSB- my clients -RSB- that he and his clients know are untrue and defamatory , " Brice Ladson , attorney for the FBI agent 's family , wrote in a statement to CNN . The FBI agent and his sons have all received letters informing them they are targets of an ongoing investigation into Johnson 's death by the Department of Justice , according to Ladson . " -LSB- The agent -RSB- remains actively and fully engaged in his duties as an FBI special agent , " Atlanta Special Agent in Charge J. Britt Johnson wrote in a statement to CNN . After a nearly four-month investigation and more than 100 interviews , the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office concluded that no foul play was involved in Johnson 's death . In May 2013 , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation released its autopsy report , which supported the investigators ' conclusion and determined the cause of Johnson 's death was accidental positional asphyxia . The case was closed . "  We examined all the alternatives that were presented to us . The only one that fit the physical evidence and the forensic evidence and the testimony that we received was this was an accident , " Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Stryde Jones told CNN soon after the case was closed . In June 2013 , Johnson 's body was exhumed . Johnson 's parents hired Florida-based forensic pathologist Dr. William Anderson , who found evidence of "  unexplained , apparent nonaccidental blunt force trauma " to Johnson 's neck . Anderson determined Johnson 's death was the result of a homicide . 7 judges say they ca n't be fair In the lawsuit , attorneys for the Johnsons accuse employees of the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office , the city of Valdosta , the Valdosta Police Department and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation of violating Johnson 's right to due process and equal protection under the law . The attorneys allege the defendants conducted an investigation that was designed to "  maliciously cover up the less-than-adequate effort " to investigate Johnson 's death and to "  cover up the identities of those individuals responsible " for killing Johnson . Additionally , the city of Valdosta , Valdosta City Police Chief Frank Simons and Georgia Bureau of Investigation Director Vernon Keenan have been accused of failing to properly hire , train and supervise members of their respective agencies and departments . The Valdosta-Lowndes Regional Crime Laboratory , which collected and tested evidence at in the gym , is managed by the city of Valdosta . Attorneys claim "  various law enforcement agencies deliberately and maliciously mishandled the ... investigation in such a way that anyone who might ever be charged with -LSB- Johnson 's -RSB- death would never be convicted due to a patently flawed investigation . " Coroner slams handling of Kendrick Johnson case All defendants are accused of intentionally inflicting emotional distress on Johnson 's parents . "  We have received and reviewed the complaint filed in DeKalb Superior Court by the Johnsons and their lawyer against 38 named defendants including 17 Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office personnel . The accusations made against Sheriff -LSB- Chris -RSB- Prine and his officers are unfounded and lack any basis in law or in fact . We will respond further to these baseless accusations through the courts , " Jim Elliott , attorney for the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office , wrote in a statement to CNN . "  The city of Valdosta does not typically comment on pending litigation . However , based upon the sensational nature of the allegations being made , the city , and the employees named , categorically deny all allegations of wrongdoing and consider the claims to be meritless . The city looks forward to defending itself in a court of law , " Valdosta City Manager Larry Hanson wrote in a statement to CNN . An attorney representing Lowndes County Schools had no comment . Several calls made and emails sent to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation for comment have not been returned . Attorneys for Johnson 's parents made similar claims by amending a 2013 lawsuit against Sheriff Prine and Lowndes County Schools in the Superior Court of Lowndes County on Friday . In 2013 , a judge granted CNN 's request to intervene in the suit filed in Lowndes County related to claims of violations to Georgia 's Open Records Law .	Kendrick Johnson , 17 , was found dead in 2013 in an old rolled gym mat "  We know who killed him . We just have to prove it , " says mother Jacquelyn Johnson Attorneys accuse two brothers and their father , who is a local FBI agent , of wrongful death
CNN  -- The English Premier League sack race has been as busy as ever this season , but Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has signaled his long-term commitment to the club in an industry that has been criticized for its short term outlook . Paolo Di Canio , Martin Jol , Steve Clarke and Andre Villas-Boas have all been given the push by top-flight clubs in England this term -- Sunderland , Fulham , West Brom and Tottenham respectively -- while Ian Holloway resigned before Crystal Palace had the chance to do the same . And with Malky Mackay 's future at Cardiff seemingly ever more uncertain , the days of a manager enjoying 27 years at the helm of a club as Sir Alex Ferguson recently did with Manchester United seem consigned to the past . Mourinho first arrived at Stamford Bridge in 2004 and went on to guide Chelsea to the English Premier League title -- the club 's first for 50 years -- as well as the FA Cup , the Community Shield , two League Cups and a further league title . But despite writing his name into Chelsea 's history books , a well-publicised fall-out with the club 's owner , Roman Abramovich , ultimately led to his exit in 2007 . This time , however , Mourinho , who returned to west London in the summer , is hoping to stay around long enough to create a real legacy . "  Realistically I have a four-year contract and I hope at the end of the four years we sit down , analyze the situation and we are both happy for me either to carry on or happy to separate , " Mourinho told reporters ahead of Chelsea 's visit to Arsenal on Monday . "  My desire and my feeling is to work for these four years and after that analyze the situation . " After departing from Chelsea in 2007 , Mourinho went on to manage Inter Milan where more success followed , including the Treble of the Champions League , Serie A and Coppa Italia in 2010 . Real Madrid was the Portuguese 's next destination , where he added the La Liga title , the Spanish Cup and the Spanish Supercup to his coaching CV . Despite the relative success , Mourinho left Spain 's capital under a cloud at the end of last season -- reportedly falling out with the club 's players and its president , Florentino Perez . The Chelsea boss , however , disputes this theory , saying : "  I 've had teams where I needed to be successful immediately . I had Real Madrid , and I left there because I wanted to , not because the club wanted me to . "  There were clubs in other countries where it would have been easy for me to go to and find an easy job . " Having had opportunities to take up an "  easy job " elsewhere , the former Porto boss feels his latest post is far more challenging . With the likes of Frank Lampard and John Terry , who were in their prime during Mourinho 's first spell in charge at Chelsea , growing ever older , the Portuguese has been handed the task of forging a new side based around the talents of younger players like Oscar and Eden Hazard . And it was this project , along with his admiration for the English game , that persuaded Mourinho to return to Chelsea . "  I 'm here because I love this club and I love the pressure . It 's a different project for me and that 's why I 'm here , " he said . "  I also love this country in terms of football , no doubt about that , but the main reason was the club explained what they want from me and I was open to that . "	Jose Mourinho hints is keen to stay at Chelsea beyond his current contract The Portuguese enjoyed a successful three-year stint at Chelsea from 2004-2007 Then he fell out with club owner Roman Abramovich , but returned in the summer
The man who got kicked off a United Airlines flight because of a fight over seat reclining says he 's sorry about his behavior . Sort of . Though he regrets how he handled the recent incident with a fellow passenger who wanted to recline her seat , Colorado businessman James Beach told "  the Today Show " that he may use the now-famous Knee Defender device again . "  Whose right is it ? " Beach asked . "  Is that my 4 inches  of legroom  , or is that her 4 inches  of reclining space  ? " It 's a dispute that 's gotten national attention , with three skirmishes in the air over seat reclining in the past two weeks . Should the Knee Defender be banned ? Although the Federal Aviation Administration has n't prohibited use of the device on commercial flights , United Airlines , Delta Air Lines , American Airlines  which also operates the U.S. Airways brand  and Southwest Airlines  which also operates the AirTran brand  all say they ban the $ 22 device , which prevents the seat in front of the user from reclining . Beach 's problems started after he boarded an August 24 United Airlines flight from Newark , New Jersey , to Denver . He had paid for extra space in the Economy Plus section , which provides United passengers up to 5 inches of extra legroom compared with standard coach seats . After taking his seat , the 6 ' 1 " Beach installed the Knee Defender and opened his laptop to start working . Knee Defender sales soar after plane incident The woman in front of him complained about not being able to recline , and the flight attendant asked him to remove the device , Beach told "  the Today Show . " When he did , Beach says , the woman quickly slammed her seat back , nearly damaging his computer . "  She just took all the space , and I ca n't work now , " Beach said he told the flight attendant . In a "  burst of anger " he says he regrets , "  I pushed her seat up pretty hard to put the Knee Defender back in . " The woman responded by throwing her drink on him , he says . That 's when the pilot diverted the flight to Chicago . Both passengers were kicked off the flight , but neither was arrested . "  I felt terrible when we landed , " Beach said . Aviation blogger Johnny "  Jet " DiScala says Beach should feel terrible . That diversion cost United Airlines about $ 6,000 per hour , he says . "  They should arrest these passengers and make them pay for the fees , " DiScala wrote in an email . "  He 's lucky he only had liquid thrown on his face . " As long as airlines ignore the problem and sell the same space to two people , these disputes will continue , Knee Defender creator Ira Goldman said . "  What the airlines are doing is , they 're selling me space for my legs , and they 're selling you the space -- if you 're sitting in front of me -- they 're selling you same space to recline , " said Goldman , who is 6 ' 3 . " "  So they 're selling one space to two people . " People use the Knee Defender to protect their laptops , their knees and even their babies from being smacked by reclining seats , Goldman says . "  This is a problem the airlines do n't want to acknowledge , " he said . "  Of all the reactions from the airline industry , I do n't think you 've heard one person say , ` this is a problem we 're going to look into , ' " he said . "  They just say , ` people should behave . ' "	Colorado businessman feels "  terrible " about mid-air dispute He used the Knee Defender to stop a fellow passenger from reclining She threw a drink in his face The passenger said he may continue to use the device
Even bundled up in a purple jacket and light blue turtleneck sweater , warming herself in a thick canvas emergency tent heated by a stove , the young Ukrainian woman feels the bitter chill . "  It is very cold , " she said . "  The frost is very strong . It 's very slippery out there . " But she is one of the lucky ones , taking refuge from the brutal winter pummeling eastern Europe in a temporary shelter put up by the Ukrainian government . "  Here it 's warm and there 's food and drink , " she said . "  It 's very important , especially for people like us in this unfortunate situation , " said another man taking refuge in the shelter . At least 250 people have died across the region during the cold snap , with 135 of them in Ukraine . Authorities there have set up an emergency hospital to deal with people suffering from cold-related conditions , and distributed 3,000 emergency relief tents across the country , they said . The tents are heated , and people with nowhere else to go can get hot food and drinks . Kiev has more than 14,000 homeless people , authorities said . They are among the most vulnerable to winter . About 2,000 people have been hospitalized because of the cold since January 27 , officials said . Electricity consumption in the country is at historic highs , Ukrainian energy minister Yuri Boyko said . In Bosnia , two men on snowmobiles finally reached the isolated village of Zijemlja , according to state news agency FENA . It had been cut off for five days . Residents in some parts of the country were warned of the potential for avalanches . There was some good news , according to FENA . Inhabitants of the Sarajevo Zoo were in winter quarters and had sufficient food . More than 50 people , most of them homeless , have died in Poland in the past several weeks , according to Polish TVN . At least 64 people have died because of the cold in Russia , the government said . Snow has also fallen as far west as Spain and snarled traffic in Brussels , Belgium . Snowfall in Europe 's southeast , close to the Mediterranean Sea , is cutting off roads and isolating areas from access to supplies . Southeastern Europe will see more heavy snow in contrast to the northeast , which is predicted to shiver under temperatures much lower than its winter averages , meteorologists said . Cold air arriving from Siberia has been hitting maritime moisture from the Mediterranean Sea , turning it into frozen precipitation . This will continue , and Bosnia , Serbia and Macedonia are expected to receive new layers of snow . The bitter cold temperatures in the northeast have been deadlier than the snow farther south , with many people dying from hypothermia . Is the cold snap affecting you ? In Romania , where at least 39 people have died because of the cold snap , all "  national roads , " or two-lane highways , in seven counties in the country 's south and east were completely blocked , state news agency Agerpres reported Monday . Traffic was in chaos in the capital Bucharest and possible blizzards have been forecast for half the country in the coming days . In Italy , a Milan court delayed the trial of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on charges of bribery Monday because of cold temperatures in the courtroom , according to the Italian ANSA news agency . It was moved to warmer chambers , which had often been the scene of another case involving Berlusconi , when he had been accused of paying for sex with a minor -- a Moroccan girl known as "  Ruby . " The severe cold is forecast to continue all week , meteorologists said .	Snowmobiles finally able to reach Bosnian village At least 250 people have died across Europe due to the cold weather More snow is forecast to blanket the southeast , where many roads are already closed Temperatures thoughout Europe are significantly lower than average for winter
CNN  -- This week MME speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain : Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa . Sheikh Mohammed is concerned the nuclear dispute with Iran is deterring potential investors As chief executive of the Economic Development Board , one of Sheikh Mohammed 's main tasks is to ensure Bahrain stays ahead of its competitors . The government 's pushing ahead with economic reforms to reduce the Kingdom 's dependence on oil . But with crude prices near $ 100 a barrel , John Defterios asked whether the appetite for change had diminished . SM : The reforms are being done for aspirational reasons rather than necessity , so we are trying to enter the post-oil area because we want to . And therefore , because of this aspirational aspect , trying to get to as opposed to people pushing us somewhere we do n't want to go . JD : How do you redefine Bahrain 's role ? Traditionally it 's been a financial center , but you have Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Dubai even Abu Dhabi emerging in financial services . How you redefine it to sustain a lead ? SM : The rising tide lifts a lot of places and as the region is booming and growing , financial services are growing throughout the region . Bahrain 's strengths have been and will continue to be its human capital , the people that have led the financial sector and the long standing regulations that have been established in Bahrain . JD : Strategically and a geopolitical question here : the Crown Prince came out and declared what Iran 's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy , and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the President of Iran to the country . What 's the motivation here ? SM : We feel that the distraction caused by the Iranian nuclear issue is holding investment back in the region as a whole , and increasing the security threat of the region . Nobody is debating the right to peaceful nuclear power , but we all have that need and we all need a peaceful resolution to this . JD : Historically , Iran has even made claims against Bahrain , what do you do now moving forward now ? Do you bring Russia , China , the United States and the European Union closer together , in terms of where we should be going in the future ? SM : We 've resolved our historical issue with Iran , and we are well beyond that , but going forward ... This is such a important issue affecting security worldwide , that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody . JD : Can the GCC  Gulf Cooperation Council  become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process ; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward ? SM : Absolutely , I mean , the GCC is speaking with a unified voice . The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia came out with a proposal for providing nuclear fuel from an independent authority ; this was completely backed from the GCC . We are all moving forward and are willing to play a beneficial role to resolve this issue . Meet the Sheikh : Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is chief executive of the Economic Development Board , the organization responsible for stimulating and supporting growth of the Bahraini economy . He was appointed in June 2005 , following 10 years working directly for His Highness Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa , Crown Prince , Commander-in-Chief of the Bahrain Defense Force and Chairman of the Economic Development Board . From 1995 to 1999 , he was director of the Crown Prince 's office . In 1999 , he was appointed head of the court and also deputy head of the Crown Prince 's International Scholarship Program . During this time , Sheikh Mohammed was heavily involved with the Crown Prince 's initiatives to liberalize the telecommunications sector and with labor market and economic reforms . A keen motor sports enthusiast , Sheikh Mohammed was deputy board chairman of the Bahrain International Circuit and is a former vice president of the Bahrain Motor Club , now known as the Bahrain Motor Federation . Sheikh Mohammed , who is married with two sons and one daughter , was born on April 14 , 1969 . In 1992 , he received a bachelor 's degree in economic theory from the American University , Washington DC . Two years later , he received a post-graduate diploma in business studies from the London School of Economics .  source : Bahrain Economic Development Board  E-mail to a friend	Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa steers Bahrain 's economic growth Says Bahrain 's strength is its "  human capital " in the finance sector Calls on world to unite to resolve nuclear dispute with Iran
CNN  -- An e-mail from one of the crewmen aboard the Maersk Alabama tells a gripping tale of sailors fighting back against pirates who had taken over their ship . Crewman Matt Fisher hopes other ships can learn lessons from the Maersk Alabama takeover and recapture . It also contains some of the lessons they learned and hope to pass on to others who could face the same danger . Crewman Matt Fisher sent the e-mail to a fellow sailor aboard another Maersk ship . The U.S.-flagged Alabama was already heading to Kenya when he sent it , but it was before the U.S. Navy rescued the cargo ship 's captain , who was held hostage on a lifeboat by the four pirates . "  The pirates got up to the bridge very quickly once they were onboard , " Fisher wrote . "  We had a locked cage door over the ladder well from main deck , but it only took a second for them to shoot it off . They then got to the bridge up the outside ladders . " Fisher said that Capt. Richard Phillips and three other sailors were on the bridge when the pirates arrived , adding that he did n't know why they stayed . The rest of the crew , Fisher said , headed below and took positions in the engine and steering areas . One sailor kept watch in the engine control room , he said , while another "  was out on deck tracking the pirates ' movement . " "  We kept swinging the rudder side to side , " Fisher wrote . "  The pirates ' boat capsized , though I 'm not sure exactly when or what caused it . After about 20 minutes , the engine was killed , I do n't know by whom . " After the engine was killed , the sailors shut off the power to the ship as well as the fuel line to the ship 's emergency diesel generator . "  I think this was critical , " Fisher wrote . "  The pirates were very reluctant to go into the dark . " Fisher said the sailors were safe where they were , since the pirates had no grenades and would never have been able break through with only firearms . The only problem , he said , was the heat and a shortage of water . "  In the future , we will store food and water in various spots for emergency usage , " he said . "  I think we will also run a fresh water line into the steering gear . " Fisher said the sailors were able to sneak up to the engine room water fountain and filled some bottles , and the sailor who 'd been on deck tracking the pirates dropped fruit and sodas from the ship 's galley through a standpipe to the hidden sailors . At one point , Fisher wrote , the pirates sent one of the four sailors who had remained on the bridge to hunt for the other crew members -- unescorted . He escaped and joined his comrades . Later , one of the pirates escorted another sailor into the engine room , again searching for the missing crew members , but one of the sailors "  was able to jump him in the dark and we took him prisoner . " "  No one else came down into the E/R  engine room  , " he said . "  As the day went on , the pirates became desperate to get out of there . " Phillips finally talked the pirates into taking a small boat used for rescuing a sailor who falls overboard . The three remaining pirates and the captain went down into the boat , and the sailors , now in control of their ship again , dropped food , water and fuel to them . But the small boat would n't start . The sailors on board the ship dropped the lifeboat into the water and took it -- and their prisoner -- to the stranded boat with the pirates and the captain , intending to trade boats and prisoners . "  We were supposed to exchange their guy for the Captain , but they ended up keeping him , " Fisher wrote . "  They motored off in the lifeboat . They had no way of getting back aboard , so we followed them . " A few hours later , the USS Bainbridge arrived on the scene . Watch crew arrive in the United States " "  We stayed close by for some time , but then the Navy asked us to head out , " Fisher said . "  I heard that several other pirate vessels were heading our way and the Navy wanted us out of the way . That 's about it . " Eventually , Navy SEALs shot and killed three of the pirates aboard the lifeboat . Phillips was freed , and the remaining pirate was taken prisoner . But the Maersk Alabama , with U.S. Navy protection aboard , was nearing Mombasa , Kenya , by that time . At the end of his e-mail , Fisher went over the what the Alabama 's crew had learned . "  Have a well-fortified location with food and water supply . Kill all the lights . Leave the alarms going , the noise helped cover our movements through the house . Flashlights and radios are very handy , as well as the sound-powered phone . " "  It was a pretty stressful situation , " Fisher wrote . "  I have to say I am impressed with how the entire crew responded . We did n't have anybody who wanted to give up . " Fisher also said he was "  pretty confident " that his captain would come out of the ordeal "  OK . " Watch Capt. Phillips arrive in Kenya " "  They have to know that if they kill him they 'll be done , " he said .	Matt Fisher , crewman on Alabama , sent e-mail to sailor on another Maersk ship Fisher tells how crew hid from the pirates and eventually overtook them Key lesson : "  Have a well-fortified location with food and water supply "
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- The United States is "  absolutely not " giving Israel a green light to attack Iran , U.S. President Barack Obama told CNN Tuesday . President Obama meets Tuesday with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin near Moscow . "  We have said directly to the Israelis that it is important to try and resolve this in an international setting in a way that does not create major conflict in the Middle East , " Obama said , referring to Iran 's nuclear ambitions . Obama has been in Moscow for a summit aimed at trying to reset the U.S.-Russian relationship . On Sunday , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden appeared to leave the door open for Israel to attack Iran if it saw fit . "  Israel can determine for itself -- it 's a sovereign nation -- what 's in their interest and what they decide to do relative to Iran and anyone else , " Biden said on ABC 's "  This Week . " Obama said Tuesday that Biden had simply been stating a fact , not sending a signal . "  I think Vice President Biden stated a categorical fact , which is we ca n't dictate to other countries what their security interests are . What is also true is that it is the policy of the United States to resolve the issue of Iran 's nuclear capabilities in a peaceful way through diplomatic channels , " he said . Watch CNN 's Ed Henry interview President Obama " The top U.S. military leader , Adm. Mike Mullen , said later on Tuesday that he understands Israel 's position . "  The Israelis see Iran achieving a nuclear capability as an existential threat , and that fact is tied to the rhetoric of the leadership of Iran , which ... has said that they would seek to eliminate Israel , " said Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . His counterparts in the Gulf also understand the Israeli stance , whether or not they agree , Mullen said . "  That gets back to the criticality ... of solving this before Iran gets a nuclear capability , or that anyone ... would take action to strike them . And I think that window is a very narrow window , " he said in a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . He said he hoped diplomacy would resolve the issue . "  I am hopeful that that dialogue is productive . I worry about it a great deal if it 's not , " Mullen said . The State Department took a similar line on Monday . "  Our goal here is to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons . When I say ` our ' it is just not the United States -- it is the international community , " spokesman Ian Kelly said . "  Israel is a sovereign country . We are not going to dictate its actions . We also are committed to Israel 's security and we share Israel 's deep concerns about Iran 's nuclear program . " Asked if this could be interpreted as the United States flashing a green light for Israel to attack Iran 's nuclear sites , Kelly said , "  I certainly would not want to give a green light to any kind of military action . " The Israeli government considers Iran 's nuclear program to be the dominant threat facing the country . CNN White House Correspondent Ed Henry in Moscow and CNN 's Emily Sherman in Washington contributed to this report .	President Obama says U.S. "  absolutely not " giving Israel go-ahead to attack Iran Israel is concerned about Iran 's nuclear ambitions Vice President Biden on Sunday appeared to leave door open for Israel to attack Iran Israel needs to find way not to "  create major conflict in the Middle East , " Obama says
CNN  -- Australians are demanding a ban on cattle exports to Indonesia after an investigation revealed brutal treatment that included animals getting flogged , kicked and bleeding to death in some cases . The call comes after an investigation by an Australian animal rights group , which followed the cattle from the docks to 11 abattoirs in Indonesia . Animals Australia conducted the probe after a livestock industry report revealed mistreatment , according to Glenys Oogjes of the animal rights group . It openly filmed inside 11 abattoirs , including at night , with the help of Indonesian workers at the slaughterhouses , Oogjes said . "  Our primary goal was to have a look and see what we were reading in industry reports and to find out if it was as bad as it sounded , " she said . "  Our goal was to expose to the Australian community what 's happening to our live stock in Indonesia , and to stop our animals from being treated badly and to halt the trade to Indonesia . " "  It was really unfortunate if it really happened , " said Djajadi , director of the Veterinary Health Department of the Indonesian Ministry of Agriculture , adding , "  Australian cattle is different from Indonesian cattle . They 're big and wild . " But , he said , "  We already have plans to put the slaughter houses in order , to ensure the animals ' welfare , by giving restraining boxes for slaughtering , stun guns for slaughtering houses , training and education for the workers . " The footage , broadcast on Australian television , showed cattle being flogged and taking minutes to die after their necks were slashed , according to the rights group . In addition to the mistreatment , the cattle are not treated in accordance with the Muslim practice of halal , Oogjes said . "  Animals are supposed to be treated well and should be facing Mecca when they are slaughtered . Our investigation discovered that neither of these things were happening , " Oogjes said . She said the rights group "  filmed animals being slaughtered and cut up in front of other animals -- that 's certainly not halal . " The footage sparked angry calls to the agriculture department and tens of thousands of signatures in an online petition . Opposition parties , farmers , animals rights groups and outraged citizens have demanded a ban on Indonesian cattle exports , Oogjes said . On Wednesday , the Australian veterinary association joined calls for a suspension of trade to Indonesia until humane slaughter practices are established . Australia 's agriculture minister has appointed someone to look into the situation , Oogjes said . "  He has said this week the cattle wo n't be sent to the 11 abattoirs investigated by Animals Australia , " Oogjes said . "  But it 's ridiculous . There are thousands of abattoirs in Indonesia and we do n't have any control over where our animals go in Indonesia . " Animal rights groups called on Prime Minister Julia Gillard to urgently halt cattle exports to Indonesia . "  While the government could deny knowledge of what 's going on in Indonesia this time around -- if we have to go back and document further evidence -- the public will not be so forgiving , " Oogjes said in a statement . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Animals Australia conducts a probe after a livestock industry report Outage grows after the footage airs on Australian television The footage sparks angry calls to the agriculture department and online petition The cattle are not treated in accordance with the Muslim practice of halal , rights group says
CNN  -- Wait a minute , did n't spring start last week ? Apparently not . Folks in more than a dozen states , from Missouri to New Jersey and down to North Carolina and Tennessee , navigated dogged precipitation to get to work or school Monday morning . As of 2 p.m. Monday , the National Weather Service had placed a dozen states under winter weather advisories , and most of those states were also subject to the more severe winter storm warnings . Accumulations of up to 7 inches were expected in places such as St. Louis , Indianapolis and Pittsburgh . Forecasters predicted some areas would receive a foot of snow . Mix in blustery winds , and it 's a bit of a mess . Photos : Spring is here ... sort of Time to break out the sleds More than a foot of snow blanketed St. Louis on Sunday , making it the snowiest single March day ever in the Gateway City , and the second-snowiest day , no matter the month , dating back to 1892 . "  I 'm a little bummed out , " St. Louis resident Mary Kelly said at the prospect of another snow day . "  It 's a little bit of a buzzkill . " Her son was excited though , getting a day off from school , with spring break scheduled to start Thursday . "  We 'll break out the sleds again , " she said . "  We 've got some pretty good sledding hills around here . " Still , the irony is n't lost on Kelly , who knows how changeable Midwestern weather can be . "  The good news is : It 's St. Louis , " she said . "  Next weekend , it could be 80 degrees . " Treacherous travel The snow prompted flight cancellations and delays across the Midwest and mid-Atlantic states . Around 2 p.m. Monday , FlightAware.com said nearly 600 flights "  within , into or out of the United States " had been canceled , after 415 cancellations were tallied nationwide Sunday . The website said flights in and out of the three largest New York-New Jersey Port Authority airports -- Newark , John F. Kennedy and LaGuardia -- made up more than a quarter of those cancellations . And even when flights were n't canceled , the storms wrought havoc on travel plans , with delays of at least an hour and a half at the Philadelphia , Newark and JFK-New York airports , and 30 - to 45-minute delays at the three largest Washington , D.C. , area airports . In Indianapolis , Mayor Greg Ballard told nonessential city employees that they did n't have to come into work until 1 p.m. because of the storm , affiliate WISH-TV reported . Dozens of school districts called off classes for the day . Record-setting snow ? In several places , snow was accumulating in historic amounts . Springfield , Illinois , witnessed an all-time single-day record of 17 inches Sunday , in a city where records go back to 1881 . In Pittsburgh , forecasters were talking about the rare , heavy spring snowfall . Up to 8 inches are expected . "  From a historical perspective , we 've only had snow on the ground , this date or later , of 6 inches or more four times , " Michael Fries with the National Weather Service told affiliate KDKA-TV . The last time was in 1987 , when 7.7 inches fell , setting the record for an early spring storm . Monday 's heavy snow could knock down trees and power lines . "  If you must venture out at all ... use extreme caution , " the weather service warned . Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! Ski areas , including West Virginia 's Snowshoe Mountain Resort , 200 miles south of Pittsburgh , are hoping people venture out , and promising the "  best March ski conditions in recent memory . " "  Last year , we had to close by now , " Snowshoe spokesman David Dekema said Monday . "  By this time , we were shut down . It was warm and raining . " But this year , he said , "  it 's looking like winter for the foreseeable future . " Snowshoe had planned to close this Sunday , the last day of March , but the prediction of snow through Thursday is forcing a reassessment . "  We 're getting a lot of feedback and questions from our guests who do n't want to let winter run out here , and we 're having internal discussions about what 's feasible , " Dekema said . "  With our best final weekend snow conditions and so much terrain open , some people want to keep it going and maybe make it into April . " You call this spring ? Deep South cold A deep-plunging Arctic cold front is fueling the storm system , and while the Southern states did n't get much snow , they were feeling winter 's bite in unseasonably low temperatures , blustery wind and overwhelming rain . Large sections of Texas , Oklahoma , Arkansas and Louisiana shivered under freeze warnings , while temperatures in the 40s could be found in the Florida Panhandle . Winds strong enough to prompt advisories whipped Georgia , Alabama , the Carolinas , Tennessee and Arkansas , making the unseasonably cold weather feel even worse . And on top of that , rain deluged a wide swath of the South , with cities as far apart as Columbus , Mississippi ; Birmingham , Alabama ; and Charleston , South Carolina , all receiving more than 3 inches of rain -- and Valdosta , Georgia , accumulating nearly 5 inches . Winter weather overstays its welcome	"  Best March ski conditions in recent memory , " says a West Virginia ski resort spokesman "  We 'll break out the sleds again , " a St. Louis resident says Parts of 12 states are under winter warnings The storm brings heavy snow and strong winds
London , England  CNN  -- Artwork that used to adorn the walls and halls of Lehman Brothers ' offices in London is expected to fetch two million pounds  $ 3.1 million  when it goes up for auction Wednesday . Christie 's auction house in London is selling the art , which includes works by Lucian Freud and Anthony Gormley , antique maps and surveys , Chinese ceramics , and even Lehman Brothers signs . Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy in the United States two years ago following a nearly $ 4 billion loss , the failure of buyout negotiations with Bank of America and Barclays Capital , and the refusal of U.S. regulators to offer a government-backed bailout . At the same time , Lehman in the United Kingdom went into liquidation , with administrators PricewaterhouseCoopers  PWC  appointed to sell off the assets . Christie 's said there are many people who may like to own art with a Lehman connection . "  We look forward to presenting what is a fascinating glimpse into the history of what was a giant of the financial world , " said Benjamin Clark , director of corporate collections at Christie 's London . The sale takes place Wednesday and the art will be up for public viewings starting this weekend . Barry Gilbertson , a partner at PWC , said the auction date was chosen to coincide with the second anniversary of the Lehman collapse . Old masters up for sale include seascapes and naval scenes . Tea caddies , cigar boxes , porcelain , and leather-bound books including the works of Charles Dickens , Samuel Johnson , and William Shakespeare are also being offered . Modern art includes "  Madonna " by Gary Hume , once described by the Guardian newspaper as "  disconcertingly featureless , " and estimated between 70,000 and 100,000 pounds  $ 110,240 and $ 157,000  . Two etchings by Lucian Feud are also up for sale . Lehman Brothers corporate signs , including a plaque commemorating then-Chancellor Gordon Brown 's opening of the European headquarters in 2004 , estimated at 1,000 to 1,500 pounds  $ 1,566 to $ 2,349  , are also available . Lehman Brothers has its roots in Montgomery , Alabama , where Henry Lehman -- who had emigrated from Bavaria -- founded a convenience store in 1844 . His brothers , Mayer and Emanuel , soon joined the business and later steered it toward the local cotton trade . They opened an office in New York , which became their headquarters , and in 1870 Mayer Lehman was one of the founding members of the New York Cotton Exchange . It was the earliest commodities exchange in the city and still exists . The company developed into primarily an investment bank by World War I. "  The brothers Lehman collected artwork which adorned their offices since the 19th century , " Gilbertson said . "  Over the subsequent years , of course , as the business expanded and the leadership changed , so did their corporate taste in art . "	The art and signage used to be at their offices in London Lehman Brothers collapsed two years ago The sale will help to pay off creditors
Protesters seeking the ouster of Romanian President Traian Basescu and early elections gathered for a fourth straight day Sunday in a main square of Bucharest , the capital , and 18 other cities in the Eastern European nation . The demonstrations , which included clashes between police and protesters Saturday in University Square that injured 17 people , are the most serious since Basescu 's election in 2004 . See images from the protests Some of the hundreds who showed up at the square on Sunday demanded justice and blamed the government and austerity measures for their poor living standards . "  We have no financial security . My husband and I are retired but we are sharing our modest income with our children because they are jobless , " said Rodica Ganea , who described being asked during hospital visits to pay for "  medicines , syringes , bandages , everything . " "  I ca n't afford it , " Ganea said . Another woman , 64-year-old Marilena Salan , described similar circumstances . "  My kids are university graduates but they are jobless , " Salan said . "  They are forced to break up their families , leave their kids home and go abroad to work . My nephews are growing up without their parents . This is unacceptable . " On Saturday , police fired tear gas to disperse thousands of protesters gathered in University Square to demonstrate against government austerity cuts . The protesters blocked traffic , waving flags with the centers ripped out to symbolize the 1989 communist revolution . Others carried signs reading "  Liberty " and "  Down with President Basescu . " Police fired tear gas in an attempt to calm the crowd , and 17 people were hospitalized in the ensuing chaos with 50 fined for disturbing public peace . The injured included a local journalist and five police officers , one severely injured when demonstrators stoned him . The protests broke out Thursday after the resignation of Deputy Health Minister Raed Arafat , an opponent of health care reforms proposed by the government . Facing public pressure , Basescu decided to scrap the reforms Friday , saying he made the decision after realizing that a majority of those in the medical system opposed the change . "  The hospitals do n't want the change , the  doctors  do n't want the change and neither does the emergency health care system , " Basescu said . Critics had argued that the proposal favored the private health care system by allowing access to government funds while the state-funded system lacks financial aid . The protests follow several unpopular measures taken by the government over the past two years . After receiving a loan of 20 billion euros from the International Monetary Fund and the European Union in 2009 , the government cut salaries in the public sector by 25 % a year later to enforce austerity measures recommended by the IMF . Prime Minister Emil Boc said on Sunday that a new series of debates on the health care issue will start Monday , with the intention of creating a new health care law . Over the past three days , protesters also held demonstrations in other cities including Cluj , Timisoara , Iasi and Targu Mures .	Protesters gather in Bucharest and 18 other Romanian cities It was the fourth day of protests against government austerity measures Clashes between police and protesters left 17 injured Saturday in Bucharest The demonstrations are the largest against President Basescu since his 2004 election
CNN  Astronauts on the International Space Station will make a spacewalk Sunday despite the appearance of water inside an astronaut 's helmet after a spacewalk earlier this week , NASA reported Friday on its website . NASA said the suit worn by NASA astronaut Terry Virts has a history of "  sublimator water carryover . " Water in the sublimator cooling component can condense when the suit is repressurized after a spacewalk , causing a small amount of water to push into the helmet , NASA said . NASA said International Space Station managers had "  a high degree of confidence " in the suit . On the upcoming spacewalk , Virts and Barry Wilmore will install antennas to provide data to visiting vehicles and deploy 400 feet of cable along the edge of the station . Virts said he first noticed traces of fluid and dampness in his helmet Wednesday while he was waiting for the crew lock cabin to repressurize in the International Space Station . He and Wilmore had been outside the space station for nearly seven hours working on the station 's robotic arm and performing some maintenance . Virts immediately alerted fellow astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti about the water and she alerted Mission Control in Houston . Cristoforetti helped Virts out of his helmet and examined it . She confirmed the presence of moisture , mostly in the helmet absorption pad , or HAP , describing it as "  wet and cold . " At the request of Mission Control , Anton Shkaplerov used a syringe to draw as much water as he could from the top of the helmet . Water had collected in the white plastic at the top and around both ear cups . Shkaplerov estimated there was 15 milliliters of water in the helmet . That 's a far cry from the amount of water that accumulated in Luca Parmitano 's suit during a spacewalk in July 2013 . Between 1 and 1.5 liters of water backed up in the suit and helmet , prompting fears Parmitano could drown in his own helmet . The spacewalk was cut short and NASA implemented some changes to its suits , including the addition of absorbent padding in helmets . There was another intrusion of water into the helmet during another spacewalk on December 24 , 2013 . NASA commentator Rob Navias said it was noticed at the same point in the mission as Wednesday 's leak -- during the repressurization of the crew lock , the area from which astronauts enter and exit ISS while in space .	NASA says International Space Station astronauts will make a spacewalk on Sunday Astronaut Terry Virts found a small amount of water inside his helmet this week
CNN  They do n't call journalists ` hacks ' for nothing . At large news agencies where speed is crucial , template-style stories have long been used for company results , allowing journalists to simply key in the relevant facts and numbers and fire off the dispatch . Often disparagingly referred to as ` churnalism , ' some of the larger media organisations -- including the L.A. Times and Associated Press -- have now turned to robots to take the grind out of formulaic dispatches . The L.A. Times uses the algorithms in its in-house software -- called Quakebot - to produce reports on local earthquakes , using data provided by the US Geological Survey . The reports typically hit the newspaper 's website within three minutes of the tremor being recorded . For data-rich stories such as finance stories , sports stories and breaking news where dry facts need to be collated and sent out quickly , robo-journalists are becoming increasingly common . Narrative Science , a Chicago company set up in 2010 to commercialize technology developed at Northwestern University that crunches data into a narrative , markets its Quill software to television stations and to financial houses that generate earnings statements . "  A lot of people felt threatened by what we were doing , and we got a lot of coverage , " Narrative Science CEO Stuart Frankel told MIT Technology Review . "  It led to a lot of inquiries from all different industries and to the evolution to a different business . " Read this : Will nanotechnology soon allow you to ` swallow the doctor ? ' Its algorithms now write up lengthy reports on the performance of mutual funds for the consumption of investors and regulators . "  It goes from the job of a small army of people over weeks to just a few seconds , " Frankel said . "  We do 10 - to 15-page documents for some financial clients . " While the prose can seem stilted , chief scientist at the company Kris Hammond says the algorithm is growing in complexity . "  We know how to introduce an idea , how not to repeat ourselves , how to get shorter , " he said . Writing in the nuances can simply be a matter of setting the software 's parameters : a devastating loss for a sports team can be written in a sympathetic style for the team 's home audience while regulatory filings can be as exhaustive and granular as required for the client . Known as ` natural language generation ' , the company -- which does not reveal exactly how its software operates - is tapping into years of research into how software can write in language that responds not just to the data but its context and its relevance . Hammond , meanwhile , believes it is only a matter of time before a robo-journalist will write a Pulitzer Prize winning story as the software grows in sophistication . He said there is no reason for the algorithms to move from commodity news , to narrative journalism to complex long-form features . Asked whether a computer would win a Pulitzer Prize within 20 years , he disagreed saying it would happen within five years . "  Humans are unbelievably rich and complex , but they are machines , " Hammond told Wired . "  In 20 years , there will be no area in which Narrative Science does n't write stories . " While media organizations that use bots to crunch data say the software is merely an adjunct to the journalist 's work , and will never replace them , some commentators believe that mapping the way forward for artificial intelligence will be one of the most urgent tasks of the 21st century . Professor Yuval Harari , Israeli historian and author of Sapiens : A Brief History of Humankind , believes it is not just journalism that is being challenged by machines . "  The conscious experiences of a flesh-and-blood taxi driver are infinitely richer than those of Google 's self-driving car , which feels nothing , " Harari told CNN . "  But what the system needs from a taxi driver is to bring passengers from point A to point B as quickly , safely and cheaply as possible . "  Google 's self-driving car will soon be able to do that far better than a human driver . The same goes for mechanics , lawyers , soldiers , doctors , teachers -- and even computer engineers . " Read this : In a hurry ? Let a robot valet park your car He said that while machines may have replaced humans for the past 200 years since the Industrial Revolution , there has always been something that humans could do better than machines . However , he said that this gap is likely to close over the next 100 years . "  Since the Industrial Revolution  humans have focused more on performing cognitive tasks . But what will happen once computerized algorithms can outperform humans in that  area  too ? Some believe that artificial intelligence should be viewed as a threat to the human race . Oxford philosopher and transhumanist Nick Bostrom is convinced that humanity will end up being "  the biological boot loader for superintelligent AI " . Elon Musk , the superstar entrepreneur who founded PayPal , SpaceX and Tesla Motors , echoed this warning via his Twitter feed : "  The idea that humans will always have a unique ability beyond the reach of non-conscious algorithms is just wishful thinking . It is based on the traditional assumption that intelligence and consciousness are inextricably linked to one another . For millions of years of evolution , this may have been true . But no longer , " says Harari . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Digital nose on a chip can sniff out cancer Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car Out of juice ? Try a cardboard battery	Software with increasingly complex algorithms are now writing news stories and financial reports The L.A. Times uses Quakebot to write about tremors , using data from the US Geological Survey . Chicago-based company Narrative Science markets its Quill software to media and financial houses The company 's chief scientists believes a computer program could win a Pulitzer Prize within the next 5 years
Dennis Rodman says he 's not a diplomat , just a former NBA star fighting addiction and trying to be a better father . But that has n't kept him from becoming embroiled , even if unintentionally , in U.S.-North Korea relations . His apparent chumminess with North Korea 's leader has been controversial , as have previous proclamations that Kim Jong Un is a "  nice guy . " Rodman said he simply does not know enough about the allegations of abuse and authoritarianism that Kim is reviled for . "  I keep telling people , I 'm not there to be an ambassador to try to figure out why  is Kim  doing all these things ? That 's not my job , " Rodman told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day " Friday . It was his first interview since entering an alcohol rehabilitation facility two weeks ago . The former basketball player is probably the American with the most access to the North Korean leader , and many have been critical that he has not lobbied for the release of American prisoner Kenneth Bae from a labor camp . "  I 'm not an ambassador , and I tried to strive and tell people , just because I know the marshal  Kim  , that does n't mean I know the marshal like that , " he said . Rodman says he did n't mean to insinuate during an earlier interview this month that he knew why Bae , a Korean-American , was being held in North Korea . "  To this day I still do n't know what he did , " Rodman said , even offering to take Bae 's place if he could . "  I feel for  Bae 's family  . I feel for them deeply . ... I would do anything literally . This is Dennis Rodman talking . If they  North Korea  said , ` We 'll take Dennis Rodman and we 'll let Kenenth Bae go , ' I 'll say , ` You know what ? I 'll do that . ... Take me . ' " ' I drink ... because I 'm bored ' The North Korea topic was important , but Friday 's interview was as much about Rodman 's personal struggles with addiction . "  I 've always been a party animal , " Rodman said . But he said this is a great time for him to reflect publicly and put himself at peace with a "  lot of stuff that has been going on " over the past 18 months . "  I think for me , the reason I drink is because I 'm bored , " he said . "  Am I an alcoholic ? Absolutely , " Rodman said . Asked whether he was drunk during his first interview with Cuomo when Rodman was in North Korea earlier this month , the former NBA star said he drank with his teammates beforehand , but declined to say whether he was drunk . "  It was n't about me being in the right mind , " he said . This month , the colorful basketball Hall of Famer , who won five NBA titles with the Detroit Pistons and Chicago Bulls , organized a team of former professional basketball stars to go to North Korea for a game that was played on Kim 's birthday . The players were criticized for traveling to the secretive state , a nation accused of human rights abuses . North Korea also has pursued a nuclear program , despite warnings from the United States and other Western powers . Rodman said his actions in North Korea do not make him a bad person . "  I 'm not a traitor , " Rodman said . "  My whole goal is to make people happy . " During the live interview , the former professional basketball player extended an invitation to take Cuomo to North Korea to meet its leader , and decide for himself what kind of person Kim is . Fellow player Charles Smith defended the visit as a mission of basketball diplomacy , where sportsmen would share cultural ideas with each other . While there -- in what was his fourth trip to North Korea -- Rodman spoke to Cuomo in an at-times heated interview . The sunglasses-wearing Rodman began yelling at the CNN anchor as he defended the team 's visit . "  You know , you 've got 10 guys here , 10 guys here , that have left their families , they 've left their damn families , to help this country in a sports venture . That 's 10 guys , all these guys here , do anyone understand that ? " "  We do , " responded Cuomo . "  And we appreciate that and we wish them well with cultural exchange . " "  No , no , no , no , " Rodman continued . "  I do n't give a rat 's ass what the hell you think . I 'm saying to you , look at these guys here , look at them ... they dared to do one thing , they came here . " And Rodman also implied that Bae , held prisoner for 15 months by the regime , was guilty of a crime , but he did not specify what offense . "  Do you understand what he did in this country ? " Rodman asked Cuomo , who tried to interject . "  No , no , no , you tell me , you tell me . Why is he held captive here in this country , why ? " "  I would love to speak on this , " Rodman said , before abruptly switching topic to talk about how his fellow basketball players had left their families behind to come to North Korea for the exhibition game . Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason , along North Korea 's northeastern coast . The devout Christian and father of three operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to his family and freekennow.com , a website that friends set up to promote his release . Rodman later apologized for his remarks about Bae . And his longtime agent , Darren Prince , said his client had fallen victim to stress and drinking . "  He is embarrassed , saddened and remorseful for the anger and hurt his words have caused , " Prince said in announcing that Rodman was in rehab .	Rodman says he does n't know the details of detained American Kenneth Bae 's case The interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo is his first since entering rehab This month , Rodman organized a trip to North Korea with former NBA players
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Gunmen loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh attacked the country 's main airport with mortars Saturday , forcing authorities to cancel flights , witnesses and officials said . Two officials at Sanaa International Airport told CNN that the former commander of Yemen 's air force had warned he would bring down any civil aircraft departing or arriving the airport unless his demands are met . The commander , Mohammed Saleh al-Ahmar , is one of several relatives of the former president who were replaced in a major military shakeup . Al-Ahmar refused to give up his post . Ali Saleh was forced to step down from power in February . Al-Ahmar , the half-brother of the former president , was given a new position as assistant to the minister of defense in Friday 's presidential decree , but has refused to leave his air force post . The officials said he threatened to cause chaos if three opposition military officials are not removed from their military posts along with him . The airport was not allowing flights to arrive or depart the country due to the tension , according to security officials at the airport who wished to remain anonymous . Friday 's shakeup was announced in a statement by a spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington and attributed to current President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . "  President Hadi promised major change in the military , and tonight that promise was delivered , " said Mohammed Albasha , the embassy spokesman . "  This is the biggest military shakeup in modern Yemen history . " Another of the sacked Salehs was the former president 's nephew , Tareq Saleh , who had been head of the presidential guard . Two prominent members of Ali Saleh 's family remained in powerful military posts however after Friday 's shakeup . They are Brig. Gen. Ahmed Ali Abdullah Saleh , who is the former president 's son and head of the Republican Guard , and Brig. Gen. Yahya Mohammed Abdullah Saleh , the former president 's nephew and head of Central Security Forces . Minutes after the military decrees were announced , a senior opposition leader 's residence was heavily shelled . Opposition parties condemned the attacks on the residential compound of Hameed al-Ahmar , president of the opposition Dialogue Committee . "  Attacks on al-Ahmar come in retaliation against the president 's orders to remove senior Ali Saleh aides from their military positions , " said Fowzy al-Jaradi , the spokesman for al-Ahmar 's office . The military committee , the country 's highest security authority , warned all political and military factions to be cautious and urged them to help in defusing the current tension . Opposition factions in Yemen have refused to participate in the anticipated national dialogue unless complete military reforms take place first . Anti-government demonstrators demanded last year that all of the former president 's relatives be replaced . After months of massive street protests , Ali Abdullah Saleh finally stepped down in February in exchange for immunity , as part of a power transfer deal brokered by the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council . However , he remained president of the ruling General People 's Congress party . The restructuring of the military was part of the negotiated power transfer deal and was promised by the new president . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Officials : Mohammed Saleh al-Ahmar threatens to bring down aircraft if his demands are n't met He is one of several relatives of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh to be sacked The military shakeup is part of promised reforms by the new president Saleh was forced to step down in February
Oso , Washington  CNN  -- The rain-soaked ground in Washington 's Cascade Mountains offered little warning before it gave way , dumping a wall of mud onto the towns of Oso and Darrington , an hour 's drive north of Seattle . With the official death toll at 16 , eight more bodies located but not recovered , and as many as 176 other people unaccounted for in the landslide that struck Saturday , crews were digging through debris up to 20-feet deep to find survivors . As the search goes on , stories of those who escaped and those who are searching have begun to emerge : ' I can hear them tapping underneath ' It was a 911 call at about 10:45 a.m. Saturday that alerted authorities to a problem on State Route 530 , a two-lane road that connects rural mountain communities . "  It is really flooding bad , " the caller said . "  There 's a roof of a house on the road . " Then came another call . And another . Michael Landon told a 911 dispatcher that his neighbor 's house and a house on the other side of it were gone , and he was trying to find survivors . "  I am standing in the area now , and I can hear them tapping underneath and yelling at us , " he told the dispatcher . Asked how many people he could hear , Landon said two . "  There should be three people in this house , " he said . "  We are trying to find the other . " Other callers appeared to be struggling to understand what had happened . "  Everything is gone , the houses are gone ! " a woman screamed into the telephone . "  What happened ? Can you tell me what happened ? " The dispatcher 's answer : "  Landslide . " See before and after photos ` Nobody else was able to get out ' Four-year-old Jacob Spillers was in an upstairs room in his Oso house when the mudslide turned it into wreckage . He got out . His mother was at work when the wall of earth shifted . The mountain of debris it left behind blocked her from reaching her family . Jacob 's father and three half-siblings apparently had not made it out of the house . "  Jacob told me he got out when nobody else was able to get out , " said Jose Mangual , father of one of the children who had n't escaped . Family was planning to turn property into cemetery Nichole Rivera last heard from her daughter , Delaney Webb , on Saturday morning through a Facebook posting . Her daughter and her daughter 's fiance were staying at the home of Rivera 's parents . The couple had planned to wed there in August . When she could n't reach them by telephone , Rivera flew from her home in suburban Houston to Washington state to find answers . But proximity did n't help . As the hours ticked by , Rivera said she had little reason to believe they were still alive . "  If you 've seen the maps , and you 've seen the extent of the devastation , and the consistency of the mud , I can tell you with great soundness they 're not going to find my parents , or daughter , or her fiance , " she told CNN . "  I really feel that they 're gone . " Rivera 's aunt , Debbie Satterlee , was still coming to terms with the possibility that her brother , sister-in-law and niece might never be found amid the mud and wreckage -- all that was left of the property where Rivera 's parents had once planned to put a family cemetery plot . "  It would be great to have a body , " Rivera said "  But if we ca n't we ca n't , they 're in the right spot . " Mother of four praying husband found air pocket At first , La Rae deQuilettes did n't worry when her husband , an electrician , did n't return home Saturday . Ron was just working late , she told herself . He had sent his wife of 31 years a text message that morning , saying he had arrived at the job . But by early Sunday , when he still had n't returned to their home in suburban Seattle , she realized her husband had been working where the landslide had struck . "  It 's a living nightmare , " she said . She was trying to keep it together for their four children , praying that her husband had found an air pocket or was somewhere waiting for rescuers . "  He 's a fighter , " she said . "  He 's tall and strong . He has a heart in him like there 's no tomorrow . " Police , she said , had told her that the couple who hired her husband were also among the missing . Body of Navy officer found , his wife is still missing The waiting ended Tuesday for the family of U.S. Navy Cmdr. John Regelbrugge , 49 , whose body and that of his dog were found by his brothers . His wife , Kris , was still missing . "  They were both home when the slide hit , but they have n't found her yet , " said his sister-in-law , Jackie Leighton . Regelbrugge 's three sons serve in the U.S. military . Two are involved in the search , and the third was making his way home from abroad to join them . Vietnam vet 's son holds out hope Barbara Welsh last saw her husband , Bill , early Saturday as he was leaving to help someone in Oso install a water tank . "  My husband is a survivor , and I believe in him , " Welsh said of the Vietnam veteran to whom she has been married for 43 years . "  And that 's all you can do -- is keep believing . " Welsh 's firefighter son , Wayne , was basing his hopes that his father had survived on what he has learned on the job . "  It 's the knowledge you get from the structure , " he said . "  People can last a long time out there . " He was touched by the number of people helping in the search . "  I 've just been down here at the fire station and seen all the volunteers come out of the woodwork , " he said . It has given his family hope , he said . They need that right now . CNN 's George Howell reported from Oso . Chelsea J. Carter and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report	Boy , 4 , makes it out of the wreckage , but most of family did n't get out "  My husband is a survivor , " says Barbara Welsh " I can hear them tapping underneath and yelling at us , " a caller tells 911 La Rae deQuilettes prays her husband has found an air pocket amid the debris
Scientists racing to develop something that will stop the largest Ebola epidemic in history are trying a variety of experimental drugs on patients . Without a cure , the disease has killed at least 3,431 people and infected 7,470 at last count . The first person known to have been diagnosed with the disease on U.S. soil , Thomas Duncan , is receiving a drug called Brincidofovir , according to his nephew Joe Weeks . So is the second Ebola patient to be treated in The Nebraska Medical Center 's Biocontainment Unit , freelance cameraman Ashoka Mukpo . "  After looking at the data on this drug , collaborating with the CDC and FDA and speaking with the patient and his family , we decided this was currently our best option for treatment , " Dr. Phil Smith , medical director of the Biocontainment Unit , said in a statement Tuesday . "  Every patient is somewhat different , and we believe Brincidofovir is the best choice . " The biopharmaceutical company Chimerix got approval from the FDA for emergency use of Brincidofovir on Duncan on Friday . Duncan is currently in critical condition in Dallas . The experimental antiviral drug was initially being developed to treat life-threatening viruses like smallpox . But antiviral drugs can be used to treat a wide variety of diseases . This is the same drug that was originally denied to Josh Hardy , a 7-year-old who was treated for cancer and then developed an adenovirus that nearly killed him . In March , his parents launched a social media campaign to get the medicine , and it drew national attention . Josh then received the drug and recovered . After the Ebola outbreak started this spring , Chimerix sent brincidofovir , to be tested against Ebola . Test-tube data showed positive results . Further tests are being planned . Here 's what else is in the pipeline to fight Ebola . ` Extraordinary ' race for Ebola vaccine raises ethical questions ZMapp Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. is in the early stages of developing its drug , ZMapp . It was given to the Americans taken from Africa to Emory University in Atlanta for treatment in August . A total of seven patients got the drug , and it seems to have had success . In July , the Defense Threat Reduction Agency gave Mapp additional funding because of the "  promising results . " In animal studies , the therapy seemed to help . Four monkeys infected with Ebola survived after getting ZMapp within 24 hours after infection . Two others survived after getting the treatment 48 hours after infection . In the Emory patients ' cases , Dr. Kent Brantly did n't get the drug until he 'd been sick for nine days . After just an hour of receiving the medication , Brantly 's condition improved dramatically . His labored breathing got better , and a rash faded away . One of his doctors described the transformation as "  miraculous . " Nancy Writebol also received the medication , but her response was not as immediate . After a second dose of the medicine , her doctors said , there was significant improvement . Since the drug is so new , there are no doses of it left . The Department of Health and Human Services contracted with Mapp to make more for early-stage clinical safety studies . Creating the drug is time-consuming and expensive . Scientists are looking for alternative ways to create it using the tobacco plant . In August , Kentucky-based BioProcessing started working with Mapp to develop ZMapp using its plants . TKM-Ebola This year , the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of the experimental TKM-Ebola drug to test on suspected cases of the infection . TKM-Ebola was used on Dr. Richard Sacra , the patient taken from Africa to Nebraska for treatment in September . He had been working as a doctor in Liberia when he became infected . The drug is made by Tekmira Pharmaceuticals , a Canadian company . Studies in 2010 funded in part by the U.S. Department of Defense 's Joint Project Manager Transformational Medical Technologies office showed "  100 percent protection from an otherwise lethal dose of Zaire Ebola virus , " according to Tekmira 's website . In January , Tekmira started phase I clinical trials on the drug , testing it on a small number of human subjects . Testing was put on hold after a volunteer developed moderate gastrointestinal side effects after getting a high dose of the medicine . In August , the FDA modified its status to a "  partial clinical hold " so Tekmira could give the drug to doctors or hospitals that requested it in emergencies like Sacra 's . In March , the FDA gave the drug a fast track designation , allowing the testing process to be sped up . Tekmira was also given the authority to use it under the investigational new drug application rule , so patients could be treated outside a clinical trial . A vaccine The National Institutes of Health started human testing of a vaccine to prevent Ebola in early September . The U.S. Department of Defense is working with a company to develop a vaccine as well . After an expedited review by the FDA , researchers were allowed to start a human safety trial . Because there is such an urgent need for a vaccine , the FDA waived some of the preclinical studies that are normally required . The vaccine was created by GlaxoSmithKline and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . It 's being tested in the United States and will be tested in healthy volunteers in the United Kingdom , Mali and Gambia . The National Institutes of Health is also in talks with health leaders in Nigeria , which has seen 20 cases , to test the vaccine on people there . An international consortium that formed to fight the epidemic gave money to the company to make up to 10,000 additional doses of the vaccine while the trials are ongoing . Another vaccine developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada , licensed to Iowa-based NewLink Genetics , is also about to start trials . It will be tested at the Clinical Trials Center at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research . That trial should start in mid-October . The process is being accelerated , and the FDA will be monitoring the results to see whether it can move into the next phase . The Canadian government shipped 800 to 1,000 doses of the vaccine to Liberia at the government 's request . An earlier version of that vaccine had been given to a German lab worker in 2009 after he thought he pricked himself with a needle that had the Ebola virus on it . He did not get sick . A third vaccine developed by the National Institutes of Health was tested in primates . It showed success in the animal study , in combination with Depovax , an adjuvant used with other vaccines to boost the body 's immune response . Other alternatives A doctor in Liberia is trying an HIV drug called lamivudine . Dr. Gorbee Logan has given the drug to 15 patients ; all but two survived . Compared with the 70 % mortality rate in West Africa , those are good odds . The drug can cause liver problems and has other side effects , but the doctor said it has been worth it in light of the disease 's deadliness . Scientists in Thailand believe they 've found a new type of antibody that is effective against the virus . The team of doctors at Siriraj Hospital are confident that it will work and the side effects will be low , but it has not been tested in animals or humans and is at least a year away at least from being developed .	Scientists are using an experimental drug , Brincidofovir , on two Ebola patients ZMapp showed promise in patients , but there are no doses left Several vaccines are in trials Thai doctors believe they 've found a new antibody , but it has not been tested
CNN  -- Dripping with tiger blood and coursing with warlock power , fired "  Two and a Half Men " star Charlie Sheen has announced five more stops on his tour , "  My Violent Torpedo of Truth/Defeat is Not An Option Show . " The first two shows -- in Chicago and Detroit -- sold out in minutes . The newly announced shows will bring the tour to Cleveland ; Columbus , Ohio ; New York ; Wallingford , Connecticut ; and Boston . What can fans expect ? Apparently lots of questions . "  Will there be surprises ? Will there be guests ? Will there be mayhem ? Will you ask questions ? Will you laugh ? Will you scream ? Will you know the truth ? WILL THERE BE MORE ?!?! " asks the actor 's website , CharlieSheen.com . Sheen also makes a promise in the midst of the questions . "  This IS where you will hear the REAL story from the Warlock . Bring it . I dare you to keep up with me . " Sheen , 45 , has been known for his highly publicized marital , legal and substance abuse problems as much as his acting . Lately he has been known for a bizarre series of rants , especially on his immensely popular Twitter account that logged 2.8 million followers in a few week 's time . Warner Bros fired Sheen from "  Two and a Half Men " last week after he conducted a long-running rant against the show 's producers . Warner Bros is owned by Time Warner , which is also the parent company of CNN .	Charlie Sheen 's Twitter account has 2.8 million followers The first two shows sold out in 18 minutes Warner Brothers fired Sheen from the hit sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " last week Time Warner Inc. owns Warner Brothers and CNN
EW.com  -- Downton Abbey has an official return date : Season 4 of the period drama will premiere on Jan. 5 , 2014 . The series will then run for eight straight weeks , until Feb. 23 . Season 3 broke ratings records for PBS , becoming its highest-rated drama in history . Next season will air in Britain in the fall before coming to America , and will include the return of Shirley MacLaine as the moneyed and less-mannered Martha Levinson , as well as several new faces such as Tom Cullen , Joanna David , and Gary Carr  playing the show 's first black character  , among others . When EW talked to Abbey exec-producer Julian Fellowes earlier this year , he said that season 4 $  s "  spine " will be  no spoilers  , "  How Mary rebuilds her life . " See the full story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Downton Abbey " will return in January 2014 The new season will run for eight weeks There will be several new characters
Milford , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Whew . After 48 days of living with helicopters , heavily armed police officers , the rumors and constant questions -- where is he ? -- the people of northeast Pennsylvania can finally relax . The manhunt for Eric Matthew Frein , accused of killing a Pennsylvania state trooper , is over . Heavily armed U.S. marshals captured Frein on Thursday night and turned him over to state police , who slapped the slain officer 's cuffs on him , put him in the back of the trooper 's squad car and sent him back to the barracks where the ambush occurred . "  We just thought it was fitting , " State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said . Frein , 31 , is charged with first-degree murder and other charges in a September 12 ambush outside the state police barracks in Blooming Grove . He 's accused of killing Cpl. Bryon Dickson and wounding Trooper Alex T. Douglass before melting into the thick Pennsylvania woods . Authorities had worried the survivalist and military buff with a reported history of cop hatred might go out in a violent standoff . In the end , he gave up without a fight . His capture ended a lengthy search that burned through some $ 10 million , according to the county prosecutor , and likely as many nerves . "  It actually felt like I was in a war zone a couple of weeks ago , and it was hard to sleep for a few nights , worrying about where he is , " resident Mark Denny told CNN affiliate WNEP-TV . The capture The squad of 13 U.S. marshals -- armed like a military special operations squad -- found Frein at an abandoned airport near Tannersville , authorities said . Frein had n't been spotted . He was discovered as part of a "  routine sweep through the woods , " State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens told reporters . And he was n't armed at the time of his capture , according to police , much to the relief of authorities who feared a violent showdown . When marshals surprised him in a field near the airport , he obeyed their orders to get down on his hands and knees and told them who he was , Noonan said . There was no struggle , Pike County District Attorney Raymond Tonkin said . Investigators searching the area did find a cache that included a sniper rifle , Noonan said . The rifle appears to be consistent with casings gathered during the investigation , he said . Frein was in good physical condition when he was captured , apart from a cut on his nose that he had before the marshals found him , according to Noonan . He looked "  healthier than I would have expected , " Noonan said . "  He 's been stashing food , he 's been staying out in the woods , " Noonan said . "  He had a lot of locations he knew how to hide in . And also , he had been preparing himself by participating in these re-enactments , especially in the Vietnam era , where he specifically trained himself and trained with other people to hide in the woods and avoid detection . " Officials said they were unsure how long he had been hiding at the airport . Opinion : Were cops out of line in trooper-killing arrest ? Court appearance During his court appearance Friday Frein looked thin , with the cut on his nose and abrasions on his forehead . His left cheek was swollen . His voice was strong as he answered , "  Yes I do , " to a Pike County judge 's question if he understood the charges against him , which include first-degree murder and criminal homicide of a law enforcement officer . About 30 police were in the room for the 10-minute hearing . Tonkin , the district attorney , said he plans to seek the death penalty . Frein is being held in the Pike County Correctional Institute in Lords Valley . In an interview with CNN on Friday , Gov. Tom Corbett said he expects authorities to make sure Frein stays safe . "  I 'm sure they will have all precautions taken , not only for his well-being from other inmates but from himself , too , " Corbett said . Motive unclear Tonkin declined to say what , if anything , Frein has revealed about the attack that left Dickson dead and Douglass critically wounded . Douglass has since been released and is continuing to recover , according to police . After his arrest , Frein made statements implicating himself in the shootings , according to a law enforcement official who was briefed on the capture . Authorities also found his diary , but contents of that document have n't been revealed . Authorities have not discussed a motive but have said Frein has talked and written about hating law enforcement . "  I 've characterized his actions in the past as pure evil , and I would stand by that , " Tonkin said Friday . A review of his computer hard drive shows he had planned an attack for years , authorities said . According to the criminal complaint against him , Frein searched the Internet going back to 2012 for information related on placing supply caches , police manhunt techniques and how to evade them and other topics . "  Eric Frein had a mission that was to attack law enforcement , " Noonan said . "  If he got out of those woods , we were very concerned that he would then kill other law enforcement . And if not them , civilians . That 's why we had to keep the pressure on . " There was no indication that anyone was helping Frein , who was "  quite well-prepared , " Noonan said . ' A celebration ' Frein 's arrest punctured the thick tension that had blanketed the region for weeks . "  It 's been a long seven weeks , " Corbett said on CNN 's "  New Day . " During the search , some outdoor activities were curtailed and some schoolchildren did n't go out for recess . "  It 's just exciting and we 're happy . We did n't go out of school for weeks for recess , " resident Shannon Juirad told WNEP . And then there was the question of Halloween . At least one community , Barrett Township , canceled trick-or-treating as the search dragged on , instead suggesting children show up at a school parking lot to collect candy under the supervision of local and state police . But with Frein in custody , the trick-or-treating will go on as normal , said Barrett Township Board Chairman Ralph Megliola . "  I 'm ecstatic -- and just in time for Halloween ! " Megliola said . Pennsylvania Game Commission Executive Director R. Matthew Hough lifted the temporary prohibition on hunting and trapping activity in all areas that had been affected by the manhunt . Outside the police barracks , residents held a sign reading , "  Way to Go PSP . " Passing motorists slowed , also offering words of encouragement for the Pennsylvania State Police . "  We all have children and we were afraid to go outside , we were afraid to do anything , " one woman told CNN affiliate WBRE-TV . "  I ca n't even explain what I 'm feeling right now , this is awesome . We are so proud of our Pennsylvania State Police , their hard work , " another said . "  Now it 's a celebration , " one woman wearing a "  Barrett Proud " shirt told WNEP . CNN 's Miguel Marquez reported from Milford , Pennsylvania , and CNN 's Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Dana Ford , AnneClaire Stapleton , Joe Sutton , Pamela Brown , Rob Frehse , Susan Candiotti , Shimon Prokupecz , Faith Karimi and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Eric Frein implicated himself in shootings after arrest , law enforcement source says Frein searched for information about how to elude manhunts , criminal complaint says He was captured by a U.S. marshals team Frein was cuffed with the handcuffs of the state trooper he is accused of killing
CNN  There 's a $ 30,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of a bank robbery trio known as the Black Hat Bandits , suspected in a two-month string of robberies across Maryland and Virginia , the latest coming Monday . They 've earned their name for the black hats they wear during their heists , and the feds say they 're becoming increasingly dangerous . "  In an escalation of violence , the Black Hat Bandits have become more brazen at each robbery having threatened bank customers and tellers , most recently holding a gun to a customer 's head , and jumping teller counters in attempts to gain access to bank vaults , " according to an FBI wanted poster . An FBI statement last month provided more details : "  During each robbery the black hat bandits have been described as carrying handguns and wearing winter coats , sunglasses , black hats  either a winter knit cap or wide brimmed hat  and facial disguises such as ski masks or a fake beard . " The bandits pulled off their most recent robbery Monday during lunch hour at a Wells Fargo bank in Falls Church , Virginia . It marked the crew 's eighth bank robbery this year . "  We now confirm that this is a three-person crew : two who take over the bank and one who waits in the car , " an FBI spokesperson told CNN affiliate WJLA . No one was injured in the holdup , which unfolded after two black-clad men -- one African-American , one white -- entered the bank with firearms , robbed the bank and fled in a vehicle waiting outside , police told the station . Hours after the robbery , investigators were at the scene gathering evidence , which included a footprint in the snow , WJLA reported . It was the second Falls Church bank robbery in recent weeks , but the February 21 robbery of an Apple Federal Credit Union two blocks from Monday 's crime scene was the work of a lone gunman , not the Black Hat Bandits , authorities told WJLA . The robbers who committed Monday 's robbery are described as in their 40s and between 5 feet 7 inches and 5 feet 9 inches tall , according to the FBI . Other banks which the Black Hat Bandits are suspected of robbing include a Bank of America in McLean , Virginia , on January 2 ; a BB&T in Fairfax , Virginia , on January 16 ; a Bank of America in Vienna , Virginia , on January 20 ; an Essex Bank in Arnold , Maryland , on January 30 ; and a SunTrust Bank in Waldorf , Maryland , on February 5 . In one of their more audacious undertakings , the robbers hit two banks on February 18 . First , they hit a BB&T in Vienna , Virginia , before traveling to a Wells Fargo in Sterling , Virginia , 40 minutes later . "  One of the suspects put his gun to a customer 's head while demanding everyone to ` get down , ' and demanded money from a victim teller . In both robberies the subjects fled the banks with an undisclosed amount of money , " the FBI said in a statement . The FBI is asking anyone with information on the bank robberies in Virginia to call 202-278-2000 . Those with information on the Maryland heists should call 410-265-8080 . The public can also submit anonymous tips at https://tips.fbi.gov .	Latest of 8 robberies came at Wells Fargo bank in Falls Church , Virginia , during lunch hour FBI : One robber white , the other black ; they 're in their 40s and stand about 5 ' 8 " Trio includes a driver who waits outside while other two take over bank , FBI says
EW.com  -- Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill may play totally inept undercover cops in "  21 Jump Street , " but at the box office , they 're proving much more effective . The R-rated comedy scored a tremendous $ 35 million in its opening weekend , enough to easily top the chart . "  21 Jump Street " opened in the same range as films like "  Bad Teacher "  $ 31.6 million  , "  Superbad "  $ 33.1 million  , "  Wedding Crashers "  $ 33.9 million  , and "  Scary Movie "  $ 42.3 million  , but each of those films opened in the summer , when R-rated fare like "  The Hangover " and "  Bridesmaids " has traditionally captured raunch-loving audiences . For "  21 Jump Street " to earn $ 35 million over a weekend in mid-March is a far more impressive achievement . Indeed , only one R-rated comedy has ever debuted to higher numbers outside the summer season : "  Jackass 3-D , " which started with $ 50.4 million in October 2010 . "  21 Jump Street " also opened higher than fellow TV adaptations "  Starsky and Hutch "  $ 28.1 million  , "  The Dukes of Hazzard "  $ 30.7 million  , and "  Miami Vice "  $ 25.7 million  . The strong debut marks a return-to-form for star Jonah Hill , whose live-action comedic catalog seemed less impressive after unremarkable box office performances from "  The Sitter "  $ 30.4 million total  and "  Get Him to the Greek "  $ 61 million  , and a slew of more dramatic roles in "  Cyrus , " "  Moneyball , " and "  Funny People . " "  21 Jump Street " finally delivered on the expectations set up by Hill 's breakout role in "  Superbad , " which earned $ 121.5 million total in 2007 . Channing Tatum , meanwhile , scored his second straight hit after "  The Vow , " which has a running total of $ 121.1 million . These numbers bode well for his next two releases , "  G.I. Joe : Retaliation " and "  Magic Mike , " both out in June . Sony and MGM , who have a potential juggernaut franchise on their hands , spent a sensible $ 42 million on "  21 Jump Street , " which earned a "  B " CinemaScore grade from polled audiences . In second place , Universal 's smash animated hit "  The Lorax " dipped 41 percent in its third weekend to $ 22.8 million . After 17 days , the 3D film has found an impressive $ 158.4 million , already more than the last Dr Seuss adaptation , "  Horton Hears a Who , " which grossed $ 154.5 million total in 2008 . Also impressive is the film 's per theater average , which remains a robust $ 6,049 , even in its third weekend 3-D ticket prices are certainly helping  . Considering "  The Lorax , " which cost $ 70 million to produce , is headed for a final domestic gross right around $ 200 million , it 's no surprise that Universal and Illumination Entertainment are now getting to work on an animated version of "  The Cat in the Hat . " Disney 's expensive misfire "  John Carter " dropped by 55 percent in its sophomore frame to third place and $ 13.5 million . The $ 250 million project has now earned $ 53.2 million after ten days , and if it continues to play like a frontloaded fanboy flick  and it will  , it will finish its run around $ 80 million . International receipts will need to be utterly gargantuan to save the Edgar Rice Borroughs adaptation -- it 's taken in $ 126.1 million overseas so far . "  Project X " and "  A Thousand Words " came in fourth and fifth place , respectively . "  Project X " fell 64 percent to $ 4 million , giving the party flick a total of $ 48.1 million against a $ 15 million budget . Eddie Murphy 's "  A Thousand Words " dropped by a slim 39 percent to $ 3.8 million , for a two-weekend total of $ 12.1 million . The $ 40 million comedy will join the ranks of "  Imagine That "  $ 16.1 million  and "  Meet Dave "  $ 11.8 million  as major Eddie Murphy bombs . Over on the limited release front , Will Ferrell comedy "  Casa De Mi Padre " proved to be the most caliente smaller title , drawing in $ 2.2 million from just 382 locations , enough for a sturdy per theater average of $ 5,759 . "  Friends With Kids , " meanwhile dipped by 26 percent to $ 1.5 million despite expanding from 369 to 641 theaters . Jason Segel/Ed Helms collaboration "  Jeff , Who Lives at Home " proved less appealing , earning $ 840,000 from 254 theaters , though that was way better than Nicholas Cage thriller "  Seeking Justice , " which found $ 260,000 from 231 theaters . Perhaps a direct-to-DVD run would have been a better option . 1 . "  21 Jump Street " -- $ 35.0 million 2 . "  The Lorax " -- $ 22.8 mil 3 . "  John Carter " -- $ 13.5 mil 4 . "  Project X " -- $ 4.0 mil 5 . "  A Thousand Words " -- $ 3.8 mil Next weekend , a little movie called "  The Hunger Games " is coming out , and with some of the best tracking numbers ever seen a week before release , the hugely anticipated adaptation will likely score one of the best opening weekend 's of the year -- maybe ever . How much will it earn ? We 'll find out next weekend ! See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  21 Jump Street " scored a tremendous $ 35 million in its opening weekend "  The Lorax " dipped 41 percent in its third weekend to $ 22.8 million "  John Carter " dropped by 55 percent in its sophomore frame to third place and $ 13.5 million
The parents of North West have made it official . Kim Kardashian and Kanye West tied the knot at Fort di Belvedere in Florence , Italy , on Saturday , Kardashian 's publicist told CNN . People reported Kardashian was walked down the aisle by Bruce Jenner while Andrea Bocelli sang "  Con te Partir " ; and Kris Jenner was seen in the front row wiping her eyes during the ceremony . Guests reportedly broke into applause twice during the ceremony : first when the couple kissed and when the newlyweds were presented . The wedding capped off a weekend of extravagant European affairs , starting with a brunch hosted by fashion designer Valentino in Paris on Friday . Later that evening , hundreds of guests were invited to the Palace of Versailles for a private tour and a surprise performance by Lana Del Ray . According to E! , the couple then flew guests to Florence for the wedding ceremony . The city has special meaning to them ; Kanye said they conceived their daughter , North , there "  among the masterpieces of the Renaissance . This is the third marriage for Kardashian and West 's first . The couple got engaged in October 2013 , as seen on TV , after Kardashian gave birth to their daughter . But theirs was apparently a love affair years in the making . Reportedly it took the rapper nine years to finally win the woman of his dreams , but it was in March 2012 when they appeared together at Paris Fashion Week together that they were officially an item . Kardashian told Oprah Winfrey during a 2012 interview that she did n't know what took them so long . "  I think we 've always had an attraction for each other , but we 've always been in either other relationships or it just was n't the right timing , " she said . "  One day , I do n't know , it just happened . It kind of like took me by surprise even . " In December 2012 , Kardashian announced via her blog that she was pregnant with West 's child . "  It 's true , " Kardashian wrote . "  Kanye and I are expecting a baby . We feel so blessed and lucky and wish that in addition to both of our families , his mom and my dad could be here to celebrate this special time with us . " She gave birth to her daughter in June 2013 and Kardashian praised West 's parenting skills during an interview with talk-show host Ellen DeGeneres after the rapper proposed to her . "  He is honestly the most amazing dad , " Kardashian said . "  He just loves her so much . " West clearly appreciates the family that they have now made legally official . "  Family time -- it 's what Kim gave me , " he told the BBC in September 2013 . "  She gave me everything . She gave me a family . She gave me a support system . " Kim and Kanye take Vogue	Kardashian and West get married in Florence , Italy There was an elaborate run-up to the wedding They were friends for nearly a decade before they started dating
CNN  -- The Rev. Rick Warren , often called America 's most influential pastor , will be hosting Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain for what 's being called the civil forum on the presidency . Rick Warren will be hosting the civil forum on the presidency Warren , who heads up the country 's fourth largest church , is also an author whose books have sold more than 30 million copies . The candidates will appear together at Warren 's 20,000-member Saddleback mega-church in southern California where they each will be interviewed for an hour . Warren spoke with John Roberts on CNN 's American Morning about what he hopes to accomplish at the forum . John Roberts : What do you want to hear from candidates Saturday night ? Rick Warren : You know , John , we 're going to look at four different segments . One is a segment on leadership . What is the personal character , competence , and experience of each of these guys . One section will be on what I call stewardship -- the role and responsibility of presidency , what they believe about the constitution , the role of America . We 're going to look at a section on world view -- all of the minefield questions that no matter how you answer them , somebody 's not going to like it . Then we 're going to look at America 's role internationally . How we 've been a blessed nation and how should we bless others . Roberts : Are you going to ask them about issues like abortion and same-sex marriage ? Pro-life advocates are hoping you do . There has been some criticism in some corners you have been soft-pedaling political issues that are central to evangelicals . Warren : I think everybody will be surprised . I 'm going to ask all of the tough questions . I just intend to ask them in a civil way . This is called a civil forum , which means you can disagree without demonizing the opposition . I think everybody wants to hear questions not just about those "  moral issues , " but also about a lot of other things , too . I 'm trying to stake out a common ground for the common good . Roberts : When you take a look at the evangelical vote in 2004 , George Bush captured more than 75 percent of people who identify themselves as either born again or evangelical . Our recent polling , CNN Opinion Research Corporation polls , found when it comes to John McCain , only 67 percent of evangelicals say they 'll support him . Are you surprised at the shift ? Warren : It 's interesting to me . Both of these men have been around for some time . Obama 's written two books . Still a lot of people say , I 'd like to know the real person . What are they really like ? I 'm hoping that 'll happen in this forum . Evangelicals have never been a monolithic voting base . Never . And the people who try to predict which way they 're going to go in this election I think may be surprised after Election Day . You do n't really know . I do n't know , and I do n't think anybody knows . Roberts : As you know , John McCain in 2000 during the primaries ran afoul of evangelicals when he criticized Pat Robinson . He 's tried to repair the relationship . Has he gone far enough ? Warren : The religious right , fundamentalists and evangelic evangelicals are n't synonyms for each other . I think John may have been talking about certain groups that he was worried about at that time . But he certainly rebuilt bridges among them today . It 's just a question of whether they 're going to vote on his issues or if they 're going to vote on Obama 's , and we 'll see . Roberts : As for you yourself in the most recent edition of Time magazine on which you 're the cover , they 've suggested you 're evolving into the "  superpolitical . " Others have suggested you 're becoming a spiritual entrepreneur . What do you make of the titles people are ascribing to you ? Warren : When you try to line out a middle ground -- common ground for the common good of America -- you get pot shots from both sides . If I were just the left , I 'd only get it from the right . If I were just the right , I 'd only get it from the left . Because I believe in the monogood and do n't happen to think either party gets it right all the time . I do n't think anybody bats 1,000 . I get it from both sides . That 's to be expected .	Those who think they can predict the evangelical vote may be surprised , Rick Warren says Pastor plans to ask candidates about America 's role internationally Warren : Forum wo n't just focus on "  moral issues , " but try to find a middle ground Tough questions will be asked , but in a civil way , pastor says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Mozart is trying to win a million dollars for New Orleans recovery efforts . But the charitable effort by the 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel may be derailed by a dog named after the satirical TV anchorman Stephen Colbert . Mozart 's owner says if he wins , all the prize money will go to charities aiding New Orleans . Both canines are contestants in a dog beauty pageant -- but only one pup can take home the big money . The first round is under way , with a hairy finalist selected each week by the number of fan votes . Mozart , or MoMo as friends and family know him , came in second last week in the Cutest Dog Competition with 2,780 votes . This week he is running neck and neck with a new challenger , Stephen Colbert el dos , a Pomeranian Chihuahua mixed-breed puppy from Atlanta , Georgia . MoMo 's owner is crying foul . "  It 's just coming out of nowhere , " Cara McCool said . "  It 's just unfortunate . MoMo is named after a famous person too , but he 's dead . " The Cutest Dog Competition is run by All American Pet Brands . Over 60,000 people have uploaded photos of their adorable dogs to the contest 's Web site . The final 12 pooches will get to compete for the grand prize , a cool million in cash . "  It 's a fraternity or sorority with people who do n't just have pets , these are their family members , their best friends , " said All American Pet Brands CEO Barry Schwartz . "  He 's my furry child , " said McCool , a New Orleans piano teacher who named her dog Mozart after her favorite composer . "  Sometimes I pull up chairs for him to sit next to me when I play or teach . He has been known to jump on the bench and actually has put his paws on the keys . " McCool has been active with several nonprofits working in New Orleans . If Mozart wins she said all the money will got to several charities : Redeemer Presbyterian Disaster Relief , Desire Street Ministries , Louisiana Teachers Save Our Students fund , Cavalier Rescue USA , Musical Arts Society of New Orleans , the Louisiana SPCA , and Teach for America . "  I already support them , but I ca n't afford that much because I 'm a piano teacher , " she said . If Mozart wins , all that could change . Colbert el dos ' owners did not want to be identified . They told CNN they have only mentioned the contest to a few friends and family members . However , they did post a note about the doggie competition on a Colbert fan site . The owners have not heard from the show but one of the fan sites says Colbert el dos will appear on "  The Colbert Report " if he makes the top 12 . Renata Luczak , a spokesperson for Comedy Central , could not confirm or deny the pet 's booking , saying , " ` The Colbert Report ' refrains from commenting on upcoming guests appearing on the show . " Even without a television appearance , Colbert el dos appears to be benefiting from the famous Colbert name bump . Colbert has wreaked havoc in other online competitions -- from a Hungarian bridge-naming contest to a NASA competition to name a room in the International Space Station . In both cases Colbert won the popular vote . However , NASA pushed back and instead of naming the room in his honor , the agency sent a treadmill to space with the Colbert honorific . In both of those contests , the competitions received heavy promotion during the show , with Colbert urging his viewers to participate . However , in this dog photo fight , Colbert is having an impact without any direct participation . Schwartz said the competition recognizes the outside influence of the Colbert bump . "  If there are those Colbert-named dogs that can get those thousands of votes , we do n't want to leave anyone out , so we added a new daily contest . " The voting for this week ends at midnight on Saturday . Schwartz said the grand prize winner will be named on Thanksgiving Day .	"  Stephen Colbert El Dos " is causing some snapping over cute dog contest The dog , named after the satirical TV anchorman , is in Cutest Dog Competition Mozart , a 6-year-old Cavalier King Charles spaniel , had been winning Mozart 's owner says Colbert came out of nowhere and "  it 's unfortunate "
CNN  -- Defending champions South Africa have begun this year 's tournament with a victory , but they were far from convincing as they scraped a narrow 17-16 Pool D win over Wales in Wellington . Frans Steyn and Francois Hougaard both scored tries for the Springboks , while Morne Steyn kicked two conversions and a penalty in a tight affair Toby Faletau went over for Wales ' sole try , with James Hook contributing 11 points with his kicking . Rugby World Cup special section The result was tough on a gallant Wales side , who led 16-10 with 15 minutes to play before Hougaard 's try between the posts gave South Africa the upper hand . Even then , the match was not over , with Rhys Priestland and Hook missing a drop goal chance and a tough penalty respectively . South Africa started with 11 of the 15 players who won them the trophy four years ago , but they will need to improve on this display if they are to retain their title . CNN 's all-time Rugby World Cup XV There were two other pool matches played on Sunday , the third day of the tournament . Australia , who like South Africa are attempting to win their third world title , scored 26 unanswered second half points to defeat Italy 32-6 in their Pool C opener at North Harbour . And , also in Pool C , Ireland saw off United States 22-10 in their opening match in New Plymouth .	South Africa begin their Rugby World Cup defense with a 17-16 win over Wales The Sprinboks scrape Pool D victory despite fielding 11 of their 2007 winning side There are also opening victories for both Australia and Ireland in Pool C
CNN  -- Lebanon says it deployed troops near its border with Syria Sunday after artillery shells hit a Lebanese border village . One person was killed after shells from Syria hit the town of Qasr , the Lebanese Army said in a statement . Several homes were destroyed , and three people were injured , the military said . "  Subsequently , army units were deployed widely across the area and took measures in the field necessary to protect people and respond to the source of the attack as appropriate , " the statement said . The Lebanese military did not release additional details about the incident . Lebanon 's National News Agency reported that a 13-year-old was killed when rockets from Syria hit the region Sunday . Lebanese President Michel Suleiman condemned the violence , saying in a statement on his website that rockets had fallen near Qasr 's mosque . "  These kinds of acts have only resulted in the deaths of innocent Lebanese who have nothing to do with the ongoing conflict taking place outside their country , " he said . The war in Syria has been raging since March 2011 when protesters , partly inspired by Arab Spring uprisings in the region , began demonstrating for more freedom . That movement quickly morphed into a movement against President Bashar al-Assad , who was appointed president by Syria 's parliament in 2000 after his father died . The government responded with a brutal crackdown . In February , the United Nations estimated that 70,000 people had been killed in the fighting . At least 124 people were killed in violence throughout Syria on Sunday , the Local Coordination Committees opposition network said . CNN can not independently verify death tolls or other accounts of violence in Syria .	Lebanon 's military says shells from Syria hit a border town The military says it has deployed troops to the border region Lebanese state media says a 13-year-old was killed when rockets hit the region
CNN  -- Before memories begin fading of the funny , feisty , combative former mayor of New York City , America would do well to pause one last time , and remember the greatest achievement of the late Ed Koch : his extraordinary , multi-billion-dollar program of building low-cost , affordable housing . It 's easy to lose perspective on the legacy of this larger-than-life character . As host of New York 's only nightly political show , I got to sit and talk with Ed Koch every Tuesday night for the last two years , when he appeared on our "  NY1 Wiseguys " segment , a weekly forum for retired politicians to weigh in on the issues of the day . Koch 's final appearance came less than three weeks before he died -- and to the very end , he was a dazzling showman , always ready with a quip , a quarrel or a crusade . All of us will miss him terribly . But we should n't miss the main lesson of his mayoralty : Investing in low-cost housing helped families , preserved neighborhoods , and saved a city . And it might be used to do the same for the rest of the country . In 1977 , the year Koch was elected mayor , New York had been devastated by waves of arson , abandonment and economic decline , leaving entire neighborhoods strewn with rubble and vacant shells where apartments once stood . A front-page story in the New York Times captured the scene when President Jimmy Carter made a dramatic , unannounced trip to Charlotte Street in the South Bronx to see "  block after block of burned-out and abandoned buildings , rubble-strewn lots and open fire hydrants . " Opinion : Koch , a friend and force to the end Koch , who was elected a month after Carter 's "  sobering " visit , scrambled to organize a response to the blight but encountered a roadblock a few years later , when the Reagan administration effectively ended federal support for low-income housing , replacing a longstanding program with rent vouchers for the poor . As the federal government got out of the housing business , Koch decided that New York would get in -- and get in big . In 1985 , he announced a $ 4.4 billion plan to create 100,000 units of subsidized housing over a 10-year period , a number that later expanded to 252,000 units that eventually cost $ 5.1 billion . The plan was audacious . It required massive rezoning of the city and coordination between multiple agencies . More importantly , it deployed New York 's capital budget , normally used to pay for sidewalks , roads , bridges and government buildings . Koch put the full faith and credit of the city on the line , borrowing the billions needed for rebuilding and trusting that a general economic recovery would provide the funds to repay bondholders . It was a gutsy move , coming barely a decade after New York 's near-bankruptcy . Tweeters loved Koch 's ` New York-iness ' But the plan was a spectacular success . A veritable army of nonprofit , community-based housing developers worked in partnership with the city to reclaim and rebuild apartments , and neighborhoods like the South Bronx , Bedford-Stuyvesant and Harlem slowly reversed pernicious patterns of decline . Some who had been homeless left the streets and got their lives back on track , while middle-class families moved back in and began paying taxes , raising families and supporting local businesses . Ironically , it was the very neighborhoods Koch saved that provided the votes that speeded his political downfall , with the election of David Dinkins as New York 's first black mayor in 1989 . But Dinkins and every other mayor since Koch has sworn allegiance to the housing plan , using the capital budget and alliances with community organizations to build and subsidize workforce housing . Eulogists remember Koch It 's surprising that more cities have n't followed Koch 's example . Year after year , for decades , New York has produced or rehabilitated 15,000 units of affordable housing . In some years , it has spent more on housing than the next 50 cities combined . Compare modern Harlem or Bed-Stuy to the most troubled sections of cities like Newark , Baltimore , Philadelphia , and Detroit , and you see what a difference a massive housing program can make . We 'll all miss Ed Koch terribly . It would be a shame to miss a chance to spread his greatest triumph to other cities around the nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : Building affordable housing in NYC was a Koch feat ; other cities should follow He says Koch made major investment in housing to raise up families , neighborhoods He says Koch did this at a blighted time in NY when fed housing support dried up Louis : New York continues to lead in spending on rehabs , new housing , a Koch legacy
CNN  -- When Russia bid to host its first Winter Olympics back in 2007 , the document quoted an expected cost of around $ 12 billion . However , as the extensive renovation of the city of Sochi has unfolded in the years since successfully winning the rights to stage the Games , that number has ballooned to around $ 50 billion -- more than four times over budget . It will be the most expensive Olympics yet , surpassing Beijing 's 2008 Summer Games . The Russian government says that much of this has been sunk into infrastructure -- upgrading travel links such as airports and train stations , building new roads , houses , hotels and conference centers and providing the other necessary utilities to welcome thousands of visitors . According to both President Vladimir Putin and his predecessor , the present Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , the "  sports-related " costs have come to about $ 6.4 billion . This has largely come from building 10 competition venues , both down on the Black Sea coast in Sochi 's Olympic area and up in the mountain cluster in Krasnaya Polyana -- which not long ago had just one ski lift . The Games will launch with the February 7 opening ceremony at the $ 600 million Fisht Stadium , which will not host any sporting events but will close the Olympics two and a half weeks later . The arena will then be used by Russia 's national football team and will host matches at the 2018 World Cup with an expanded capacity of 45,000 . Watch : Sochi by numbers	Russia has spent more than any other Olympics host in preparing Sochi for Winter Games Its reported $ 50 billion cost is four times higher than originally promised in bid document Black Sea resort transformed with an unprecedented level of construction
CNN  -- From the realms of science fiction to science fact , the Rosetta mission reached its climax this week when when the mission 's scientists succeeded in landing a washing machine-sized probe named Philae on a moving comet after a 6.4 billion mile journey . It has been a decade-long chase around the solar system for the spacecraft to catch up with its constantly moving target , Churyumov-Gerasimenko -- better known as Comet 67P . For many who gaze dreamily at the stars above , this is one of the most exciting thing to happen in recent memory . But why should everyone else care ? To answer this question , CNN has brought together five experts in space science to explain why the Rosetta mission is a monumental achievement . Matt Taylor , European Space Agency project scientist : Rosetta is a big deal , enough to be the sexiest mission ever . Rosetta has rendezvoused , orbited and will soon deploy a lander to the comet surface . If that is n't enough firsts , the orbiter will remain alongside the comet for over a year , watching it grow in activity as it approaches the Sun , getting to within 180 million km in summer next year , when the comet will be expelling hundreds of kilograms of material every second . It 's got an awesome profile : the adventure of the decade-long journey necessary to capture its prey , flying past the Earth , Mars and two asteroids on the way . The years of preparation dating back to the days of the Giotto mission . The challenges of flying over 6 billion km to reach the comet , to bulls eye getting into orbit , even after a 31-month nap , around a body we knew next to nothing about at launch , other than it was going to constantly push us away more , the closer we got . The passion and dedication of the teams working for so long on Rosetta to make it work , to do what it was designed for -- science . EXPLORE : Rosetta mission interactive Rosetta will show us how a comet works . We have been to comets before with spacecraft , observed them for centuries from the ground , but for the first time with Rosetta , we will "  live " alongside a comet for over a year , sniffing and tasting it , scratching it with the lander , seeing how it is made up and how it evolves in time with its interaction with energy of the Sun . Thought to be predominantly made of ice , comets are also considered to have been a possible delivery mechanism for water to the Earth , along with organic material that could have provided the building blocks for proteins and possibly life . Comets are considered frozen relics of the formation of the solar system and examining comets provides us with an insight into the conditions and composition of that time . We are doing archeology into how our planet was formed and evolved to what we live on today . It 's important to understand where we came from , to get an idea of where we should be going . Kathrin Altwegg , principal investigator of ROSINA  Rosetta Orbiter Sensor for Ion and Neutral Analysis  : After a long and tedious voyage , Columbus must have experienced similar emotions a few hundred years ago when he finally saw land as we did when , after 10 years , the European cometary mission Rosetta finally got a glimpse of its target -- comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko . Although we already had pictures of a few comets , we were very much surprised by its irregular shape and its rich chemical composition . And analysis of the cometary coma by our mass spectrometers ROSINA continues to give almost daily new , amazing insights into the ancient history of the formation of our Sun , the planets and the origin of life . To be part of this mission and to see a dream come true is a fantastic experience which makes all the years of hard work well worthwhile . Where do we come from and where do we go to ? Are we alone in the universe ? These are the questions which are an important part of humanity , the center of most religions , themes for all big philosophers . To be able to answer some aspects of these questions by science is the main driver for cometary missions . Rosetta is the first mission following a comet over a long period ; it 's the first mission close to a comet  less than 10 km  and it will be the first mission with a cometary lander . It 's a mission full of discoveries in line with great missions like Voyager or Cassini . Claudia Alexander , project scientist , U.S. Rosetta Project , Jet Propulsion Laboratory , NASA : Rosetta is an attempt to explore not only an object  comets  that we do n't yet fully understand , but also reach backwards in time , like a detective , to piece together more about our origins . The mission calls on us to be bold , to take on risk . For an engineer , the challenge is like winning the World Series with a home run in the bottom of the ninth in game seven -- something that will call upon all her skill to pull off . I know plenty of people who love a challenge like that . I 've waited 10 years to finally be "  here , " waiting for the landing to take place , and for the comet to start revealing its mysteries . It 's a dream come true to get our hands on this substance , metaphorically , and get the physics right , by bringing a laboratory to a comet . Exploration of the planets , of our solar system , extends our "  vision " as a human race . We need to have such vision to appreciate/nurture Earth , and our place in the universe . The rewards are to add to our collective knowledge , improve our understanding of forming solar system  s  , and understanding more about how materials come together to create environment  s  where life might thrive . Alastair Reynolds , science fiction writer , former astrophysicist for the ESA : After a 10-year mission to hook itself into orbit around 67P , the flow of science from Rosetta has already commenced . 67P is providing surprises , from its double-lobed shape to its varied surface texturing . Not content with looking , though , Rosetta will shortly deploy an even smaller spacecraft to land , anchor itself , and perform physical examination of the surface . Images from Rosetta , backdropped by the comet , already resemble stills from a science fiction film . It 's a reminder that we can do amazing things , if we dream big . Why should we care about a mountain-sized ball of dark , dirty ice , when there are so many other places out there ? Comets are windows into the dawn of our solar system , telling us about the chemical ingredients that most likely formed the infant seas of our own Earth . Understand comets , and we have a shot at understanding the genesis of life itself -- and for me there is no bigger or more exciting theme than that . This is science fiction made real in terms of the achievement of the mission itself , but Rosetta is also taking us a step closer to answering science fiction 's grandest question of all : are we alone ? Denton S. Ebel , cosmochemist from the American Museum of Natural History : There are so many "  firsts " with Rosetta that make it an amazing , ambitious , and potentially rewarding mission . As a cosmochemist , I 'm eager for the chemical and isotopic measurements . Comets preserve the first solids , including ices , formed in the solar system , so the Rosetta measurements will tell us a whole lot about how the solar system formed . Our comet samples from the Stardust mission contained abundant high-temperature minerals . How these rocks formed so far from the young Sun is a major cosmochemical puzzle . As a human , I want to know the internal structure of comets . The Rosetta radar experiment will reveal for the first time how a comet is put together . We need to know these things so that we can protect the Earth and humanity from comets , which have hit the Earth many times in the past . Rosetta is an engineering marvel , as are the MESSENGER and Dawn spacecraft returning important information from Mercury and the asteroid belt . All these missions enlighten humanity about our cosmic neighborhood . We take ownership , and by making it "  our " solar system , we set the stage for humans to venture beyond the Earth-Moon system . That is the path to a positive future for our species . EXPLORE : Rosetta mission interactive IN PICTURES : Rosetta through the years	Rosetta mission lands Philae probe on the surface of a comet It has taken 10 years for the ESA-led spacecraft to rendezvous with its target Experts weigh in on why this is a monumental achievement for humanity
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- At least one organization attempting to deliver aid to Haiti continued to be plagued Sunday by delays and logistical problems , but aid was getting to those who need it most , officials said . Doctors Without Borders said Sunday that , despite guarantees from the United Nations and the U.S. Defense Department , its cargo plane carrying an inflatable surgical hospital was blocked from landing in Port-au-Prince the day before and was rerouted to Samana , Dominican Republic . Samana is in the eastern portion of the Dominican Republic and across the Caribbean island of Hispaniola , shared by the two nations , from Port-au-Prince . The material was being sent by truck from Samana , said the group , also known in French as Mdecins Sans Frontires . However , the re-routing added a 24-hour delay to the hospital 's arrival . A second Doctors Without Borders plane was able to land on Sunday . That plane carried additional medical supplies and hospital equipment , the group said , adding it is still concerned about delays in the delivery of vital supplies . "  If this plane is also rerouted , then the hospital will be further delayed , in a situation where thousands of wounded are still in need of life saving treatment , " a group statement said . It was unclear Sunday afternoon whether the plane had landed . See photos , details of some of the missing in Haiti The surgical hospital includes two operating theaters , an intensive-care unit , 100-bed hospitalization capacity , an emergency room and all the necessary equipment needed for sterilizing material . "  MSF teams are currently working around the clock in five different hospitals in Port-au-Prince , but only two operating theaters are fully functional , while a third operating theater has been improvised for minor surgery due to the massive influx of wounded and lack of functional referral structures , " the organization said . The group said two of its medical teams have performed more than 100 operations since arriving in the country , but frustrations are high over the delays . An emergency communications officer with the group in Haiti said conditions are growing worse for patients and "  we need the inflatable hospital -- if it ever arrives . " "  Patients who were not critical only three days ago are now in critical phases , " she wrote in a news release . "  This means that people will die from preventable infections . It 's horrible . " Planes are asked to divert elsewhere if they do n't have the fuel to stay in a holding pattern , Col. Buck Elton of U. S. Special Operations Command South told reporters Sunday . Only two planes had been diverted Sunday , he said . Asked about the matter on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday , Lt. Gen. P.K. Keen , deputy commander of U.S. Southern Command , said the Port-au-Prince airport , which is being run by the U.S. military , is operating at maximum capacity 24 hours a day . "  It 's a matter of balance between getting relief supplies on the ground , getting the people on the ground that are necessary to get those relief supplies distributed , and getting the logistical capacity on the ground to continue that , and the vehicles so we can get it out by ground as well as by air , " he said . Full coverage of the earthquake in Haiti More aid was on the way . The National Organization for the Advancement of Haitians held an earthquake survival kit drive at the Haitian embassy in Washington , saying it was accepting items including baby formula , diapers , toiletries , vitamins , medicines , batteries and clothing . Hundreds of people turned out , and they brought enough to fill several trucks full . The overflow of supplies was piled along the embassy 's walls and stairwells . U.S. paratroopers using helicopters from an aircraft carrier delivered 130,000 daily-ration packets on Saturday , Keen of U.S. Southern Command said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Some 70,000 bottles of water were also delivered , he said . One helicopter could not land and was forced to drop supplies , Keen said , but the delivery otherwise encountered no problems and was orderly . Keen called it a good day . Also Saturday , a member of the U.S. Coast Guard helped deliver a Haitian newborn aboard a Coast Guard helicopter . The mother -- one of five Haitians the Coast Guard was transferring from Port-au-Prince to Cap Haitien for medical reasons -- went into labor as the helicopter was refueling aboard the Coast Guard Cutter Tahoma , the Coast Guard said . The mother and child were taken to a hospital in Cap Haitien and were in good condition , according to the Coast Guard . In Washington on Sunday , hundreds of people from different faiths mourned the victims of the quake and donated money during a service at the National Cathedral . Among those in attendance were Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , and Raymond Joseph , the Haitian ambassador to the United States . Joseph asked the mourners to continue that support even as the tragedy fades from the headlines . "  I 'm thanking you in the name of the people of Haiti and I 'm asking you that what you 've begun here tonight should n't stop -- it should continue until Haiti gains its place among the nations of the world , as it should . "  Please , stay with us until we totally rebuild , " Joseph said . The World Food Programme said it reached 40,000 people in and around Port-au-Prince with high-energy biscuits . The organization said its goal is to reach another 60,000 people on Sunday . Convoys and shipments carrying ready-to-eat foods continue to arrive , the group said . The WFP 's convoy was the first food to arrive in Leogane , about 18 kilometers  11 miles  west of Port-au-Prince and close to where the earthquake was centered , it said in a statement . Nearly every building collapsed , and tens of thousands of people are believed to have been killed . Survivors are living in makeshift camps . In addition , the organization was distributing hot meals in some places , such as hospitals and schools , and has begun setting up kitchens at distribution sites , it said . The Red Cross said in a statement Sunday it had built latrines for 1,000 people and supplied medical kits for 2,000 patients to two hospitals . Seven truckloads of medical supplies should arrive in Port-au-Prince Sunday night , it said . Keen told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that the United States intends to continue helping Haiti as long as there is a need . Former Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush kicked off a fundraising drive Saturday -- a donation push called the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund . George W. Bush told CNN 's John King in an interview that aired Sunday , "  One thing I am concerned about is that on these -- during these crises , all kinds of fake charities spring up . ... We will make sure the money is accounted for and there 's transparency , and -LSB- it is -RSB- properly spent . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Arthur Brice , Elise Labott , Laurie Ure , Greg Clary and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Aid beginning to reach those who need it , officials say One aid group still experiencing delays in getting aid into country Port-au-Prince airport running at maximum capacity , U.S. general says
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Muhammad Yunus won a Nobel Peace Prize for the Bangladeshi bank he founded but now he finds himself in a bitter fight to retain his job . Yunus pioneered microcredit financing and founded Grameen Bank nearly three decades ago in an effort to alleviate poverty by lending to the poor . He refused Wednesday to bow to government demands and resign from the bank that won him a Nobel in 2006 . "  We established Grameen Bank through a special ordinance , with rules that are specific , according to which my current term as managing director is fully valid , " he said . "  Government has three representatives on the board and they have unanimously approved these rules . " Grameen caught the world 's attention by specializing in providing loans to low-income entrepreneurs who were unable to secure money through regular banks . Yunus quickly gained a reputation as a "  banker to the poor . " Bangladeshi Finance Minister Abul Mal Abdul Muhith said Yunus was too old to run the bank and should step down . "  Normally the retirement age of a bank 's managing director in Bangladesh is 65 , and Professor Yunus is now 70 , " Muhith said . The pressure stems from allegations in a television documentary that Yunus illegally diverted Grameen money . Grameen denied the charges and Norway , a key bank donor , found no evidence of wrongdoing . But the larger debate has been over the notion of microcredit itself . Its critics have charged that lenders were making big money off small loans . Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina minced no words when she compared Grameen 's operations to "  sucking the blood from the poor in the name of alleviating poverty . " "  It is a question of explaining to her , " Yunus told CNN in a recent interview . "  She probably has no close connection to that , all the good things that microcredit has done globally , not just in Bangladesh . " Yunus has admitted serious problems that have surfaced recently in the world of microfinancing . Poor families have complained about debt burdens and loan sharks who charge an exorbitant interest . Yunus conceded some lenders have taken advantage of the system . But , he insisted to CNN , that a few bad apples should not undermine the idea of microcredit . "  The idea will not disappear , " he said . "  It is a question of teething problems . It is a question of misuse and abuse of the idea . " Muhith said the push for Yunus ' resignation had no link to politics , but many analysts say Yunus is still under fire for criticizing politicians and trying to form his own political party four years ago during an interim , unelected military-backed government . That party was later abandoned . Yunus faces a defamation charge for comments he made four years ago to the French news agency that politicians were only in "  power to make money . " Several prominent figures have stepped up in Yunus ' defense , including Mary Robinson , the former Irish president and United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , who chairs a newly formed "  Friends of Grameen " initiative . "  One of the priorities is also to support the independence of Grameen Bank and its founder Professor Yunus , who together were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 , as they have been the target of an ongoing pressure campaign of rumors and misleading information , " the group said in a statement . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Moni Basu and journalist Farid Ahmed contributed to this report .	The Bangladeshi government wants Muhammad Yunus to resign But the microcredit pioneer and Grameen Bank founder says he will not step down Tensions exist between the government and Yunus for politrical comments
CNN  -- With Friday 's defiant statement , the National Rifle Association massed its troops along familiar fronts in the culture war -- and even opened some new battle lines . But it also squandered an opportunity to participate in reasonable dialogue with an America that has begun losing its appetite for political extremism . Longtime NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre , eager to keep the rank-and-file "  mothers and fathers " among his membership from going soft , sounded themes critical to maintaining gun owners ' collective identity and solidarity . These themes included : The NRA is reasonable and a good citizen . Consistent with past practice , LaPierre recounted the NRA 's horror at the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre and stated its silence came out of respect for the victims . Others exploit such tragedies , LaPierre said , but the NRA and its members are better than that . Did the NRA miss an opportunity ? More guns , less crime . That is the title of the NRA 's bible , a 1998 book by Yale professor John Lott  whose core findings have been refuted by other scholars  , and it is the logic behind the NRA 's proposal to put an armed officer in all 140,000 American schools . The proposal is founded on the NRA 's position that guns are merely tools that can be used by "  monsters " or by "  good guys . " The NRA and its allies are good guys . The great divide : Little common ground with pro- and anti-gun forces Gun owners are the victims . To the NRA , gun ownership is fundamental to virtuous citizenship . Go to any NRA convention , or look around the group 's website , and you will learn that gun owners are the true American patriots , the only force standing between democracy and a tyrannical state delivered by emotional elites with naive but dangerous ideas . When LaPierre said he was there to deliver "  the truth , " he was referring to elites ' "  false " belief that even modest gun regulations might work . When he talked about "  political prejudice " or "  personal prejudice , " he was referring to the indignities that beleaguered gun owners suffer in a society that has failed to appreciate their civic contributions . This is the NRA 's perspective on the culture war . While these themes are familiar , LaPierre broke with precedent in key ways , most significantly with his explosive broadside against journalists , movie studios , video game producers , record labels and elected officials who have failed to embrace the NRA 's policy goals . If you want to blame someone besides the shooter for Sandy Hook , then blame the "  enablers " and NRA haters and purveyors of "  dishonest thinking . " LaPierre 's attempt to shift the focus to anything but guns was predictable , but the particular message may have some resonance . A Pew Research Center poll found that 47 % of Americans -- including 54 % of women -- thought the Sandy Hook massacre reflected broader social problems , such as parental failures , moral and religious decline , a general devaluation of life , violent depictions in the media and problems with mental health and its treatment . Although 18 % cited easy access to guns -- the most popular single answer -- the poll showed that Americans are far more likely to see gun massacres in a broader context . iReport : Why would someone own a military-style rifle ? A similar pattern emerged after the Columbine High School shooting in 1999 when Americans were much more likely to place the blame on family and cultural factors than on failures of gun policy . Of course , as with airplane crashes and other disasters , gun massacres are the product of many interacting forces , as is the "  everyday " gun violence that occurs outside the media spotlight . Most Americans understand the causes are complex and are sensible enough to see that a multipronged approach involving personal , social and public policy action will be needed . LaPierre 's apocalyptic vision of the "  unknown number of genuine monsters " who at this very moment may be plotting the next attack on our schoolchildren -- and the organization 's single-minded and unrealistic call to put an armed guard immediately in all our schools -- felt weirdly out of step with the equally urgent yet more thoughtful conversations occurring at dinner tables around the nation . It was a missed opportunity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kristin A. Goss .	Kristin Goss : National Rifle Association 's statement brought out familiar cultural wars Goss : The organization missed an opportunity to engage in reasonable dialogue She says NRA broke with precedent by blaming a host of producers and industries Goss : NRA 's attempt to shift the focus to anything but guns was predictable
CNN  -- The Supreme Court has just agreed to take on the case of Fisher v. University of Texas . Abigail Fisher , a white woman , argues that she has been a victim of the university 's race-conscious admission policies ; the university contends that its drive for racial and ethnic diversity is educationally enriching -- a benefit to all students . Will the ugly discourse that generally characterizes debate over racially preferential policies disappear with the wave of a magic Supreme Court wand ? It seems unlikely . The issue is a cat with many more than nine lives . It arrived in the early 1970s and , despite many attacks , some of which have taken the form of amendments to state constitutions , it has survived in pretty fine fettle . The court will have only eight justices to hear the arguments . Elena Kagan , having been involved in the case as solicitor general in the Obama administration , has bowed out of participation . Her absence , however , leaves five justices likely to express at least some degree of skepticism about the racial preferences given to non-Asian minorities in the admissions process . Has the University of Texas been enriched by academic diversity ? Maybe . But equally likely is the possibility that racial double standards reinforce stereotypes about smart whites and even smarter Asians . There are certainly wide gaps in the average SAT scores between blacks and Hispanics , on the one hand , and whites and Asians , on the other hand . Among freshmen entering the University of Texas in 2009 who did not fall into the top 10 % of their high school class  automatic admission at the university  , Asians scored at the 93rd percentile of 2009 SAT takers nationwide , whites at the 89th percentile , Hispanics at the 80th percentile and blacks at the 52nd percentile . Startling ? No . This picture has been well known for a long time . Heartbreaking , yes , because the numbers mean the underperforming minority students are being woefully ill served by the K-12 school system . Moreover , arriving at institutions of higher education with an academic disadvantage , they do not catch up , as it has become clear . Justice Sandra Day O'Connor  now retired  wrote the majority opinion in a University of Michigan law school affirmative action case decided by the high court in 2003 . The life of that decision is now on the line in Fisher . O'Connor should not be proud of her work in that decision . It was -- not to put too fine a point on it -- dishonest . She claimed that the law school engaged "  in a highly individualized , holistic review of each applicant 's file . " Race was considered as simply one factor among many . Did she actually believe her own argument ? The law school 's own expert provided data clearly showing racial double standards in admissions -- contradicting her "  holistic " claim . The University of Michigan 's undergraduate college mechanically awarded substantial points to an applicant from an "  underrepresented " minority group , and O'Connor pretended the law school 's process was very different . In fact , as Justice David Souter pointed out , the law school simply concealed a race-driven admissions process that involved preferences actually greater than those given to undergraduate applicants . Taunting his colleagues , he called it an exercise in "  hide the ball . " O'Connor 's whole decision rested on the assumption that preferences were temporary medicine for a problem already fixing itself . There was every reason to "  expect , " she wrote , that in another quarter of a century , the pool of academically high-performing black and Hispanic applicants would have so grown as to make race-conscious admissions the strategy of a bygone era . The credulous reader might believe this confident optimism . The knowledgeable reader will know that she was either scandalously ignorant of the real record or deliberately and irresponsibly deceptive . In the dozen years preceding her opinion , the black-white gap in mean SAT scores had actually widened , and continues to do so . Hopes are running high among opponents of racial preferences that a majority of five on the court will declare affirmative action policy unconstitutional in public colleges and universities .  Private schools would not be affected by a reversal of the policy .  No fancy constitutional footwork -- just a clean execution . That will surprise me . For that to happen , five justices would have to be comfortable with the idea of screaming media headlines and much blog chatter about a court hostile to racial equality and indifferent to the gaps in opportunity that have for so long characterized American society . Will one of the men running for president raise his hand and say loudly and clearly , I oppose racial preferences in admissions to institutions of higher education ? Do n't hold your breath , unless you are willing to keel over from lack of oxygen . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Abigail Thernstrom .	The Supreme Court has agreed to take on a case about race-conscious admission policies Abigail Thernstrom : If the court declares affirmative action unconstitutional , it 'll be surprising She says that the life of a 2003 decision by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor is now on the line Thernstrom : The gap in mean SAT scores between blacks and whites persists
CNN  -- A massive landslide swallowed homes in eastern Uganda early Monday , killing at least 23 people , the Red Cross said . Torrential rains triggered the landslide , Red Cross spokeswoman Catherine Ntabadde said by phone from the scene . Two people have been rescued , but the death toll is expected to rise as rescue crews scour through the site in Bulambuli district . Bulambuli district is about 300 kilometers northeast of the capital , Kampala . It occurred in the same region where a landslide killed at least 87 last year near Mount Elgon , on the Kenya-Uganda border . Heavy rain , hilly terrain and inadequate equipment slowed efforts to recover hundreds of people buried last year . Flooding also destroyed roads and washed away bridges in the region at the time .	Red Cross : Torrential rains trigger the landslide Two people are rescued , but the death toll is expected to go up
CNN  -- She 's laid down the law in female skiing for the past five years , now Lindsey Vonn is pondering legal action in her quest to test herself against the men . The International Ski Federation  FIS  blocked her bid to challenge the sport 's top male stars at a recent meeting in Canada , but as Vonn has proved throughout her glittering career to date she 's no quitter . Speaking exclusively to CNN ahead of an Alpine World Cup event in Val d'Isere , France , the finest female skier of her generation insisted this fight was n't over . Vonn said : "  I was definitely disappointed with their decision . After discussing with them my request they seemed pretty positive and optimistic that we could find a solution and then I got their answer and they were completely against it . "  I do n't want to make a big stink out of it but I feel like their response that I ca n't race with the men simply because I 'm a woman was definitely gender-biased so I 'm going to do what I can and hopefully make something work . "  So right now I 'm looking into options -- my father is an attorney so I 'm just seeing if there 's any options , legally , that I can take . " It is a brave person who pits their wits against Vonn . The 28-year-old already has a cabinet stuffed full of silverware , including Olympic gold at Vancouver in 2010 , and is officially the second most successful female skier of all time . Vonn is renowned in Europe 's skiing heartlands and a bona fide star in North America but she claims a battle with the male fraternity would elevate the sport to new heights in her homeland . She responded to the FIS ruling in typical fashion by sweeping all three downhill events at Lake Louise in Canada , despite crashing during one , and all that on the back of recovering from a stomach illness which left her hospitalized in November . Vonn was also on the podium at the most recent meeting in St. Moritz and is third in the overall standings as she strives for a fifth career Alpine World Cup title . But as she continues her preparation for this weekend 's meet at Val d'Isere , her other goal has clearly not been forgotten . "  I do n't see Lindsey giving up anytime soon , that 's for sure , she 'll try another avenue , " said 1992 Olympic champion Kerrin Lee-Gartner , who thinks Vonn would have finished around 20th had her wish to race the men at Lake Louise been granted . "  She 's doing this for her but with that she also appreciates what it 'll do for skiing in North America and the United States . People know who she is but they do n't really understand the depth of her greatness . " U.S. women 's head coach Alex Hoedlmoser agrees with Lee-Gartner . The Austrian , himself a former national giant slalom champion , says Vonn 's commitment sets her apart from her competitors . "  It 's obvious that she has put all of her energy into the sport in the last five years , " Hoedlmoser explained to CNN . "  That makes her special . She 's living for her sport . She 's prepared like nobody else going into races . That makes a difference . " After her new-season successes , the Minnesota native now has a career total of 57 victories , pushing her ahead of Switzerland 's Vreni Schnieder and into second on the all-time win list . Only legendary Austrian Annemarie Moser-Proll remains ahead of Vonn , on 62 career victories , a tally that , barring injury , surely she will surpass . "  Moser-Proll was an unbelievable champion and won a lot of races at that time , " added Hoedlmoser . "  But there was n't the same competition then . "  The sport is getting more complex , it is harder to break those records . I think she -LSB- Vonn -RSB- is the greatest so far and it is a matter of time before she breaks those records . " Vonn , a four-time Alpine World Cup champion , lobbied the FIS to race the men at Lake Louise as it is one of the few meets in the skiing calendar where males and females compete on the same slopes . But a diktat from the sport 's governing body ruled "  one gender is not entitled to participate in the races of the other . " "  It 's not like I 'm getting 20th every day and saying I want to race the men , " Vonn told reporters in Canada . "  I try to let my skiing speak for itself . "  I do n't know exactly where I 'd stack up , but that 's kind of the whole point , to see where I stand and see how much farther I can push my skiing because the men , they 're skiing is the best in the world hands down . That 's where I want to get my skiing to be . " A perfect illustration of Vonn 's supremacy came at the venue that starts the weekend as Lake Louise , and ends it as Lake Lindsey . "  She was near-perfect the first day , " Lee-Gartner explained . "  On the second day she made a major mistake and it was almost disastrous , she had her tails of her skis in the net , she was almost sideways and she still won by half a second . "  It 's difficult for her to maintain the elite level of focus throughout the season . For Lindsey she is very goal orientated , she feeds off any doubt whatsoever . She says it fuels her fire and makes her go . " Vonn is not alone in her quest , and she points to female golfer Anneka Sorenstam as an inspiration in her battle . The Swede , who won 72 times on the LPGA Tour and triumphed in ten major championships , took on the men at a PGA Tour event back in 2003 . Prior to the tournament , three-time major winner Vijay Singh said Sorenstam "  did n't belong " at the tournament . She eventually shot four-over-par and missed the cut , but tied for first in driving accuracy during her first round . Vonn had previously told the New York Times : "  I 'd like to have one chance in my life to race against them . Annika Sorenstam did it in golf and paved the way for women . I 'm not asking for World Cup points . I just want the chance to compete . " Lee-Gartner says there are plenty of male competitors on the tour who support Vonn 's desire but also some who joke she should be allowed to see how she gets on against them on the notoriously treacherous Kitzbuhel track in Austria . But , the FIS aside , there is almost total uniformity within the sport that skiing would benefit from the huge media interest any showdown would attract . "  The more I reflect on who she is , what she 's done and how great it would be for this sport , in my opinion it is a marketing opportunity that FIS should be taking , " Lee-Gartner added . "  I realise in Austria , Switzerland , alpine skiing is one of the premier sports they watch , they do n't necessarily have an issue getting people interested in the sport . "  Anytime there 's an athlete 's presence and profile has surpassed the sport in that nation , which hers has in North America , I think we 'd be crazy not to use that opportunity she 's handing to us on a platter . " Vonn is already the most successful skier the United States has ever produced , and should she overtake Moser-Proll 's record , only one person could claim to have more wins than her -- Sweden 's male legend Ingemar Stenmark , on 86 . Of Vonn 's quest to cross the gender boundary , Hoedlmoser said : "  That 's something she really wants , she sees it as the next level of ski racing . She wants to see how far up she is , that 's the only goal . "  She can compete with them , it all depends on the snow preparation , what the conditions are . We have situations in training where she trains against men . She 's never done it in a race situation and I think that 's where she really wants to be . " Vonn is backed by the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association and now seems determined to head down legal avenues to pursue her dream of sharing a slope with the men . Lee-Gartner added : "  I 'm not sure if FIS will be able to say yes because they do things in a very old fashioned way . But she 's a pioneer and for the first of anything it takes a little bit longer to break the barrier down . "	Skiing sensation Lindsey Vonn is considering legal action in her bid to race men The 28-year-old American is the second most successful female skier of all time Skiing 's governing body rejected her request to take on the men at Lake Louise Vonn has four Alpine Skiing World Cup titles to her name and an Olympic gold medal
CNN  -- Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio of Argentina , the new pope , is breaking historic ground by choosing the name Francis . It 's the first time the name is being used by a pope , said CNN Vatican expert John Allen . Pope Francis chose his name in honor of St. Francis of Assisi because he is a lover of the poor , said Vatican deputy spokesman Thomas Rosica . "  Cardinal Bergoglio had a special place in his heart and his ministry for the poor , for the disenfranchised , for those living on the fringes and facing injustice , " Rosica said . St. Francis , one of the most venerated figures in the Roman Catholic Church , was known for connecting with fellow Christians , Rosica added . 5 things to know about the new pope Allen described the name selection as "  the most stunning " choice and "  precedent shattering . " "  There are cornerstone figures in Catholicism , " such as St. Francis , Allen said . Figures of such stature as St. Francis of Assisi seem "  irrepeatable -- that there can be only one Francis , " he added . The name symbolizes "  poverty , humility , simplicity and rebuilding the Catholic Church , " Allen said . "  The new pope is sending a signal that this will not be business as usual . " In 2010 , Pope Benedict XVI recounted how St. Francis was born in 1181 or 1182 as the son of a rich Italian cloth merchant , according to the Vatican website . Tell us what you think of the new pope After "  a carefree adolescence and youth , " Francis joined the military and was taken prisoner . He was freed after becoming ill , and when he returned to Assisi , Italy , a spiritual conversion began . He abandoned his worldly lifestyle . In a famous episode , Christ on the Cross came to life three times in the small Church of St. Damian and told him : "  Go , Francis , and repair my Church in ruins , " Pope Benedict XVI said , according to the Vatican 's website . "  At that moment St. Francis was called to repair the small church , but the ruinous state of the building was a symbol of the dramatic and disquieting situation of the Church herself , " Pope Benedict XVI said . "  At that time the Church had a superficial faith which did not shape or transform life , a scarcely zealous clergy , and a chilling of love . " Pope Francis succeeds Benedict , who retired .	NEW : Pope Francis names himself in honor of St. Francis of Assisi , Vatican says The name "  Francis " is a first in the Roman Catholic Church , an analyst says The new pope sends a signal "  this will not be business as usual , " the analyst adds Namesake St. Francis of Assisi is a most venerated figure
London  CNN  -- Personal details about Tony Blair that appear online were apparently not hacked from the former British prime minister 's computer systems , but from the email account of a former staffer . Responding to a report about a hacker group that claims to have accessed Blair 's personal data , a Blair spokesman said Saturday , "  This information has not been obtained from Tony Blair or any of his office systems . " "  This appears to be information from the personal email account of a former member of staff from a few years ago , " the spokesman said in an emailed statement to CNN . He did n't elaborate on the situation . The claim by a member of the hacker group TeaMp0isoN  Team Poison  was first reported by the United Kingdom 's Telegraph newspaper Saturday . The group posted the information on a website called Pastebin.com that allows users to upload text . The information on Pastebin.com appears to include Blair 's National Insurance number -- similar to a U.S. Social Security Number -- and the addresses and phone numbers of numerous personal contacts . The document has a note at the top that reads : "  The information in this article was obtained in 2010 December , we still have access to the webmail server , phone numbers may have changed but all the information is 100 % legit . " It claims to include information on members of Blair 's office , his address and phone book -- including the details of "  family , friends , MPs and lords " -- and the contact details and resume of his former special adviser Katie Kay . CNN was not able to verify the authenticity of the information published on Pastebin.com . The PC Magazine website reported that the material had been leaked by a member of Team Poison known as TriCk . According to posts on TriCk 's Twitter feed Friday night , the hacker group obtained the information in December . "  Tony Blair 's Private Info is getting leaked tonight , so is his Personal Adivsors CV and UK MPs & Lords who supported the war in iraq , " one of the Twitter post said . An hour later , another post read : "  doing the writeup now - Tony Blair and his cockroaches are getting owned tonight . - War IS Terror . " This week , members of the Team Poison hacker group appeared to step into a row over recent actions by hacker group Lulz Security , tweeting that it would expose the identities of its members . LulzSec published Arizona police documents Thursday , obtained by hacking the Arizona Department of Public Safety . The agency confirmed it had been the victim of a cyber attack by LulzSec . The group has also claimed attacks on websites belonging to the CIA , the U.S. Senate and the United Kingdom 's Serious Organised Crime Agency . It also obtained more than 1 million e-mail addresses , passwords and other personal information from the U.S.-based Sony Pictures . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Spokesman for Tony Blair 's office denies the systems of former PM have been hacked He says the details seem to be from the personal email account of a former staff member Document appears to give personal details for Blair and address details for personal contacts Member of hacker group Team Poison says the information was obtained in December
CNN  At least 21 people were killed during a shipwreck off the northern coast of Haiti , the country 's civil protection directorate told CNN on Thursday . A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne , west of Cap-Haitien , on Wednesday night . It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather , civil protection spokesman Joseph Edgar Celestin said . The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore near Le Borgne . Rescuers , most of them volunteers from the town of Le Borgne and surrounding communities , were dispatched to the scene and rescued at least 12 people , Celestin said . The search for survivors is ongoing , Celestin added . So far , 11 victims -- eight men and three women -- have been identified , Celestin said . Haiti 's government urged migrants not to board clandestine ships and condemned those organizing these illegal journeys .	A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne , west of Cap-Haitien Wednesday It got caught in bad weather on its way to Turks and Caicos
CNN  -- GLAAD has declared Thursday , October 16 , to be #SpiritDay and is asking everyone to wear purple to protest bullying and to show support for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender youth . "  Observed annually since 2010 , individuals , schools , organizations , corporations , and public figures wear purple , which symbolizes ` spirit ' on the rainbow flag , " GLAAD 's site explains . Eight out of 10 LGBT youths report being bullied , according to the organization . Several celebrities , including "  Orange is the New Black " actress Laverne Cox , have stepped up for #SpiritDay , donning purple clothing or tinting their profile photos purple for the cause . This year , Cox became the first transgender person to be nominated for an Emmy . Morning news anchors across the country wore purple this morning in support of the cause . WFAA 's Alexa Conomos posed with the Dallas station 's meteorologist Colleen Coyle . The cast of BBC America 's "  Orphan Black " put together a short video asking people around the globe to wear purple on October 16 . Fans of the show use the hashtag #Clonesbians in support of its LGBT characters : main character Sarah 's foster brother , lesbian clone Cosima and transgender clone Tony . ABC Family tweeted a photo of actress Lucy Hale , who plays Aria Montgomery on the hit show "  Pretty Little Liars , " in a purple T-shirt . The cast of ABC Family 's "  The Fosters , " about a lesbian couple raising their blended family , got into #SpiritDay as well . This mom 's #TBT , or Throwback Thursday , post takes a stance against bullying . If there was ever a movie with an anti-bullying message , it 's "  Mean Girls . " Instead of wearing pink like the Plastics , you can wear purple to support LGBT youth .	GLAAD declares October 16 #SpiritDay and asks everyone to wear purple Eighty percent of LGBT youth are bullied , GLAAD says Tweet your #SpiritDay photo to @CNN
CNN  -- The acquittal and mistrial in John Edwards ' campaign finance fraud trial completes a fall from grace that transformed the man who might have been president into one of the most vilified and lampooned political figures in the country . Opinion : Edwards jury got it exactly right The boyish-looking , smooth-talking lawyer and self-described "  son of a millworker " was once known for rallying supporters with a populist mantra describing two Americas -- the haves and have-nots . Now he is best known for fathering a child in an extramarital affair while his wife Elizabeth battled incurable cancer and , according to prosecutors , scheming to use wealthy donors ' money to help him cover up his affair and hide his mistress from the public . WTVD : Juror had no intention of flirting with Edwards It was all so different five years ago , when Edwards could be heard preaching his populist prose to Iowa voters who eagerly packed into lumber barns , Veterans of Foreign Wars halls and restaurants across the state . He had every reason to believe he could be president . He felt the country would let Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , both senators at the time with presidential ambitions of their own , destroy each other with negative campaigning . John Edwards : Once a cheater , always a cheater ? And if the country was n't ready to elect a black man or a woman president , he would rise as the more experienced and safe nominee . To many voters , Edwards was a fitting candidate to live in the White House and serve as president . Instead , Edwards appeared in front of TV cameras Thursday and took responsibility for "  my sins " after his federal corruption case ended in an acquittal and mistrial . Prosecutors had accused Edwards of using almost $ 1 million in illegal campaign contributions to keep his pregnant mistress under wraps . But after more than 50 hours of deliberations , jurors cleared him of one of six counts and deadlocked on the rest . Why politicians lie Edwards , who turns 59 on June 10 , argued that while his actions were wrong , they were not illegal . Emerging from the courthouse with his parents and daughter at his side , he said that while he never believed he committed a crime , "  I did an awful , awful lot that was wrong , and there is no one else responsible for my sins . " Now a widower , he is the sole caregiver to his two youngest children by his late wife -- Emma Claire , 13 , and Jack , 11 . The couple also raised two older children . Their son , Wade , died at age 16 in a 1996 road accident . Daughter Cate Edwards Upham attended every day of her father 's four-week trial , sitting behind Edwards and next to her grandparents . Edwards charges : The rundown Edwards also provides financial support for his daughter with Rielle Hunter , his mistress from the campaign trail during his unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 2008 election . A product of a working class family from South Carolina , Edwards got a law degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1977 . He became a successful trial lawyer representing claimants against large corporations and insurance companies . He won his first , and only major , political race in 1998 , unseating a Republican incumbent to become a U.S. senator from North Carolina . As a senator , Edwards reportedly made it onto a list of potential running mates for Al Gore in the 2000 presidential election . He did n't make the ticket that time . But before his first term ended , he was running for president and ended up as Sen. John Kerry 's running mate in 2004 . Kerry lost to incumbent President George W. Bush . Once running mates , Kerry and Edwards quickly severed their friendship after what was a disappointing election for Edwards . He quickly set his sights on Iowa , gearing up for another presidential bid in 2008 . Edwards met Hunter in early 2006 at a bar at the Regency Hotel in New York City . Hunter approached Edwards , not believing it was him . Later that evening , Edwards and Hunter met again , privately . Overheard on CNN.com : ` Being a slimy dirtbag does n't equal being a criminal ' The man who constantly spoke about two Americas began living two lives . The 40-something Hunter told Edwards that she could help his campaign . Edwards hired her to produce a few videos that would present the politician in a more relaxed manner . The videos were called "  webisodes " and were posted to Edwards ' campaign site . However , instead of showing Edwards in a new light , the flirtatious on-camera banter only highlighted just how close Edwards and Hunter had become . Staffers began to suspect that Hunter had become more than a videographer to Edwards . That thought was fueled by Edwards ' directive that Hunter be allowed to travel with him whenever either of them insisted . Josh Brumberger was Edwards ' chief of staff during the time Hunter traveled with the campaign . On several occasions , he talked to Edwards about Hunter 's involvement with the campaign . One heated altercation ended with Edwards firing Brumberger , and by the fall of 2006 , several longtime senior aides left the campaign amid Edwards ' refusal to end his relationship with Hunter , as detailed in "  Game Change , " the book about the 2008 election . On December 28 , 2006 , Edwards launched his presidential campaign in New Orleans against the backdrop of a city trying to rebuild and revive itself . He vowed to strengthen the middle class , progressively end poverty and tackle the longstanding Democratic health care platform . But just as the campaign got off the ground , it hit turbulence . In March 2007 , Elizabeth Edwards announced she had breast cancer for the second time , and it was incurable . Still , they decided to continue with the campaign . And in the weeks after the devastating discovery , internal campaign polling showed Edwards surging ahead of rivals Clinton and Obama in Iowa . Meanwhile , Hunter had become pregnant . And to complicate things , Edwards was swimming in a pool of bad press -- he had received $ 400 haircuts and had made a six-figure salary working for a hedge fund that was linked to subprime lending and foreclosed homes . Enter Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon . The wealthy banking heiress and widow who was once a close friend of Jacqueline Kennedy had been a supporter of Edwards since the 2004 election . After already contributing to Edwards the maximum allowed by law , Mellon provided additional money . According to court documents , between June 2007 and January 2008 , Mellon allegedly wrote personal checks payable to a friend , hiding that she was giving money to Edwards . The checks were made out to the wife of Edwards aide Andrew Young , in her maiden name , and were deposited into accounts controlled by her and Young . As Edwards and Young planned , Young allegedly used the money to provide Hunter with rent , furniture , care , living expenses , medical visits and prenatal care . In total , the now 101-year-old Mellon gave Edwards seven checks ranging from $ 10,000 to $ 200,000 . On October 10 , 2007 , the National Enquirer ran its first story saying Edwards was having an affair . The next day while campaigning in Summerton , South Carolina , Edwards denied the report , calling it "  tabloid trash . " With tabloid reporters and photographers chasing Hunter and publishing photos of her pregnant , a second wealthy donor came forward . Fred Baron , a wealthy Texas lawyer who is now deceased , was the national finance chair of the campaign . Court documents show that from December 2007 to January 2008 , Baron allegedly wrote nine checks ranging from $ 9,000 to $ 58,000 . The money was used for Young to hide a pregnant Hunter from the media , as he falsely claimed paternity for her child . Baron 's money was used to charter a private jet for trips to Fort Lauderdale , Florida ; Aspen , Colorado ; San Diego and Santa Barbara , California . Things were n't faring better for Edwards on the campaign trail . He placed second in the Iowa caucuses , and following disappointing losses in New Hampshire and South Carolina , he ended his campaign for president on January 30 , 2008 . Amid rumors in Democratic circles that he was secretly trying to broker a deal for vice president or attorney general in a Clinton or Obama administration , reporters remained persistent and continued to ask Edwards if he was having an affair . In February 2008 , Hunter 's and Edwards ' child was born . Six months later , after repeated denials , Edwards admitted he had an affair with Hunter in an August 8 interview with ABC . When asked in the interview if he was the father of Hunter 's child , he responded , "  That is absolutely not true . " While his name was not on the birth certificate , Edwards would eventually claim paternity and apologize for denying the baby was his child . In February 2009 , the U.S. Department of Justice acknowledged they had opened an investigation on Edwards regarding campaign finances . By this point , his more than 30-year marriage was falling apart . John and Elizabeth separated and lived apart until Elizabeth Edwards succumbed to breast cancer weeks before Christmas in 2010 , with Edwards and their oldest daughter , Cate , at her bedside . For Edwards , life got worse . After testimony from a cast of former staffers , including Hunter and Young -- the latter having published a scandalous tell-all book -- a grand jury indicted Edwards on June 3 , 2011 . Edwards refused a plea bargain that would have given him a few months in prison but would have allowed him to keep his law license .	Once a Democratic star , John Edwards fell from grace after an affair His trial on campaign finance charges wrapped up Thursday Edwards ' affair with a campaign videographer ended his political career The former vice presidential candidate once had his eyes on the White House
CNN  -- Southern California police on Friday closed their investigation into Hollywood publicist Ronnie Chasen 's shooting death late last year , concluding that an ex-convict murdered her in a random , botched robbery . The suspect , 43-year-old Harold Martin Smith , pulled a handgun and shot himself last December as Beverly Hills detectives approached him at Hollywood 's Harvey Apartments . But despite evidence even then tying Smith to Chasen 's murder last November , authorities kept the case open . Beverly Hills police Lt. Tony Lee told CNN early this year that "  we hope to close it soon . " That decision came six months later . The city 's police department issued a press release Friday stating that it had "  completed the exhaustive investigation " by determining that Smith was "  the sole perpetrator of this most heinous crime . " "  All facts and evidence conclusively indicate that Mr. Smith acted alone and was in possession of the murder weapon when confronted in Hollywood for questioning " the night he committed suicide , the Beverly Hills police department said . Chasen , 64 , was driving last fall through a posh Beverly Hills neighborhood on her way home from a Hollywood movie premiere party when she was shot several times , police said . Speculation thrived after the shooting , including a theory that a professional hit man had targeted Chasen . That was until , at least , investigators began to hone in on Smith . "  With Mr. Smith 's background , we believe most likely it was a robbery gone bad , " Beverly Hills Detective Sgt. Mike Publicker said in December 2010 . "  We believe it was a random act . " Yet authorities continued to look into the case , with Police Chief David Snowden saying then that the investigation was just "  60 % to 70 % complete . " Still , through Friday , police never indicated that anyone other than Smith was ever a suspect . Detectives scanned 150,000 e-mails and texts belonging to Chasen , investigated thousands of tips and reviewed thousands of financial documents tied to the victim , Beverly Hills police said Friday . They also revisited Chasen 's route on the night of her murder , recovered video footage and conducted numerous interviews with relatives , friends , contacts and others . Ultimately , the most telling piece of evidence was that the gun that fired several rounds into Chasen 's chest was the same weapon Smith used to kill himself when police approached to question him about her death . "  Beverly Hills police personnel assigned to this case worked in excess of 10,000 hours to thoroughly investigate each and every tip , theory and legitimate lead in order to bring this investigation to conclusion , " the police statement said .	Beverly Hills police say Harold Martin Smith killed Ronnie Chasen last fall They reach this conclusion after police spent 10,000 hours on the probe Smith , an ex-convict , was the only person ever identified as a suspect Police say he killed Chasen in a botched robbery , then later killed himself
CNN  -- For some people , Wednesday was a day to celebrate . Thursday , they get back to work . Advocates of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights say they 've gained fresh energy and hope after twin Supreme Court rulings advanced efforts to legalize same-sex marriage . They want to ride that momentum for as far as possible -- making inroads on issues ranging from workplace discrimination protections , immigration reform to bully-free schools . "  This is absolutely historic , it 's monumental , " said Jody Huckaby , executive director of Parents , Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays , or PFLAG . "  It may very well be that tipping point . " For people such as Huckaby , who heads a group with more than 360 chapters nationwide , what happened Wednesday was thrilling , but not totally surprising . Supreme Court strikes down DOMA Yes , most states still bar same-sex marriage , many thanks to the passage of popular referendums . Yes , the federal government and most states do n't protect gay , lesbian or transgendered workers . But public opinion is moving in the direction of LGBT rights . In the 1970s , polls showed most Americans believed homosexual relationships between consenting adults were morally wrong -- a belief that persisted into the first few years of the 21st century , according to CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . In contrast , the most recent CNN/ORC International survey shows 55 % of Americans back same-sex marriage , up 11 percentage points from 2008 . Voters in three states approved measures legalizing such unions in November 2012 . Numerous corporations have adopted policies barring discrimination based on one 's sexual orientation -- contrary to the laws in most states , where a person could still be fired if they are found out to be gay . Two of America 's most watched TV shows , "  Modern Family " and "  Glee , " feature openly gay characters . Wilson Cruz had been a pioneer of sorts in the 1990s , when he played a gay teen on ABC 's "  My So-Called Life . " California Prop 8 appeal dismissed Times have changed since then , he said , as Americans get to know more gays and lesbians -- whether they are cousins , neighbors or characters on TV shows . The Supreme Court decisions striking down part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act and clearing the way for same-sex marriages in California could accelerate the movement even more , according to Cruz . "  I really do believe this is the domino that is going to tip over the rest of the dominoes , " he said . "  Do not get in the way of this train , because it will run you over . " Same-sex marriage still illegal in most states Teddy Witherington can now make wedding plans . He and his partner live in San Francisco , where same-sex marriage will  once again  be legal . Witherington , who is British , has lived in the United States legally for the past 16 years , first as head of the San Francisco LGBT Pride Parade and Celebration , and now as chief marketing officer for Out and Equal Workplace Advocates . What occurred Wednesday gave him pride to live in his adopted home . "  As an international citizen ,  it  gives me so much gratitude because I see the very best that exists in this great nation , " Witherington said . " ... It 's truly a beautiful thing . " Historic rulings on same-sex marriage Still , while he and other LGBT advocates characterized the court rulings as victories in their fight for equal rights , that does n't mean the fight is over . Some 70 % of Americans live in the 37 states where same-sex marriage is not or will soon not be legal . In his ruling opinion , Justice Anthony Kennedy said one reason the federal government is obliged to recognize gay and lesbian marriages that are legal in some places is because it is up to individual states to decide marriage law . That 's more likely to happen now than a few years ago , said Michael Cole-Schwartz , a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign . LGBT advocates have learned to make their campaigns more about people wanting to be together than people wanting to get rights and benefits , he said . "  We have really focused on the reasons why they want to get married : because they love each other , " Cole-Schwarz said . "  That 's really helped change the nature of the conversation . " Daughter of interracial couple fights to validate her same-sex marriage Workplace a battleground in LGBT fight The Civil Rights Act makes it illegal for employers to discriminate against people based on their race , color , religion , sex or national origin . But not their sexual identity . That means , under federal law , there 's nothing to prevent a worker from failing to hire or firing someone because they are gay or lesbian . Ruling opens doors for immigration for same-sex spouses There are 21 states that do offer such protections , which leaves 29 that do not . In 34 states , there 's nothing to prevent a person from getting fired if they are transgendered . Activists are working to change that . Witherington points to the Employment Non-Discrimination Act working its way through a Senate committee , calling now a "  crucial moment " for politicians to change federal policy . The measure has 53 cosponsors , short of the 60 votes that bills typically need nowadays to pass if it 's opposed by the Republican minority . If it does pass , it would then have to be passed in the GOP-led House of Representatives . Selisse Berry , the founder and CEO of Out and Equal Workplace Advocates , says she 's "  very hopeful " a bill that includes protections for gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered people will pass . The larger movement in the society is a big reason why , she says . "  Any time people get to know us as human beings , it makes a huge difference , " Berry said . "  More and more people , all the time , are coming out . When that person has a relationship with others , it moves the dial forward . " Map : Same-sex marriage in the U.S. Washington could take its cue from corporate America . On their own accord , most Fortune 500 companies already bar gays , lesbians and transgendered from being treated any differently than any other employee . Why ? Because they realize the importance of retaining the best people who perform well on the job , irrelevant of their sexual identity , according to Berry . "  It 's about the bottom line , essentially , " she says . Activist : Gay rights ' causes ` not insurmountable ' Other issues are on LGBT advocates ' agenda as well . They want immigration reform measures being mulled in the Senate and House , for instance , to treat same-sex partners much like heterosexual spouses . They want safer schools , so youngsters are n't threatened , hurt or otherwise victimized . Photos : Same-sex celebrity couples And they are also mindful that transgendered people have "  not seen as many gains as the gay and lesbian portion of our community , " says Cole-Schwartz of the Human Rights Campaign . "  The way the media talks about transgendered people is in terms of violence and suicide rates , but those are n't the only stories , " adds Cruz , noting that parts of America still do n't know or understand them . In other words , even after Wednesday 's Supreme Court decisions , there 's a lot that these activists ' still want to do . Opinion : How youth led change in public attitudes on same-sex marriage And to do it , Huckaby says , means harnessing "  the collective energy " of people of all sexual persuasions who share the same values . That kind of movement could take place not just in the halls of Congress , but in stores and coffee shops on Main Street . "  I know the power that there is in individual messages from the people who are willing to speak out , " said Huckaby , who grew up in Louisiana and has seven siblings -- three of whom are homosexual , like he is , and four of whom are straight . "  These  challenges  are not insurmountable . " T.J. Williams is eager to put himself out there , partner with others , work hard and make an impact . In his last year at Garrett Theological Seminary , he is working to combat poverty , address gun violence afflicting parts of Chicago and promote fair education . "  What I am most interested in is creating unity among everyone who seeks justice and equality , " he said . For him , these issues and promoting LGBT rights are all related . Opinion : Fight for gay rights must continue CNN 's Jen Christensen contributed to this report .	LGBT advocates hail Supreme Court rulings on same-sex marriage as "  historic " Still , same-sex marriage remains illegal in most states Activists are also fighting for workplace protections for gays and lesbians These and other issues are "  not insurmountable , " an advocate says
CNN  -- Saturday 's funeral for legendary pop singer Whitney Houston is expected to be made available for television and web streaming from the New Jersey church where she grew up , Houston 's publicist said Wednesday . The services , to be held at New Hope Baptist Church in Newark , will be in a much smaller , more intimate setting than the concert halls and arenas Houston packed during her heyday . In every sense , she will be going home . Publicists and entertainers by Wednesday had confirmed nearly a dozen celebrities and personalities will be in some of the 1,500 coveted , "  invitation-only " seats . Actor Kevin Costner , who starred with Houston in the movie "  The Bodyguard , " will speak , and singers Stevie Wonder and Aretha Franklin -- Houston 's godmother -- will perform , according to a source with knowledge of the funeral plans . Gospel singer and pastor Marvin L. Winans , a longtime friend of the Houston family , will give the eulogy at New Hope Baptist Church . Winans officiated at Houston 's 1992 marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown . Asked why no public memorial service was planned , Winans told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night the family did n't "  want to have a parade . " "  I do n't think knowing Cissy  Houston 's mother  and the Houston family ... it was a matter of public or private as it was this is my daughter , this is my sister , this is my mother , this is my friend and we want to do this with dignity . " The family 's thinking , Winans told "  AC360 , " is "  we loved her when she was Nippy  a nickname  in New Jersey . The world loves her because of her voice . But if Nippy could not sing , the Houston family would love her . " Although the family is not commenting on Houston 's burial location , her death certificate filed Wednesday in Los Angeles lists it as Fairview Cemetery in Westfield , New Jersey . A message left by CNN with the cemetery office was not immediately returned . Others confirmed on the guest list are Chaka Khan , Bebe & CeCe Winans , songwriter Diane Warren , the Rev. Jesse Jackson , pop singer Darlene Love , Bishop T.D. Jakes , Antonio "  L.A. " Reid , Ray J and Brandy . Houston 's cousin , singer Dionne Warwick , was in New Jersey helping the family with funeral arrangements , Warwick 's publicist said Chaka Khan was a close friend of Houston . Reid produced many of Houston 's songs and Jakes co-produced Houston 's last film , "  Sparkle , " which is scheduled to be released this summer . Houston and Jakes are listed as producers . Ray J , a hip-hop artist , and Houston dated off and on after she was divorced from Brown . Jackson and the Winans music family have been very close friends of the Houstons . Composer-singer Valerie Simpson of the duo Ashford & Simpson told CNN 's Susan Candiotti she will attend the funeral . "  She was like family , " Simpson said of Houston , "  somebody who I watched from the time she was young . " Simpson , who with her late partner Nick Ashford wrote "  I 'm Every Woman , " said Houston "  took it to such heights . I remember that on the video , she was pregnant and never looked more beautiful . " Houston and Brown had a daughter , Bobbi Christina Brown , who is now 18 . Houston , 48 , was found dead in the bathtub of her suite at the Beverly Hilton on Saturday , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammys bash at the Beverly Hills , California , hotel . Speculation has grown over the cause of her death , which has not been determined pending the outcome of toxicology tests that could take weeks . The entertainer 's trials and tribulations should not be the focus now , Simpson said . "  Those are not her records , those are not her music . " CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe , Denise Quan and K.J. Matthews contributed to this report .	NEW : Actor Kevin Costner will speak at the funeral , a source says NEW : Source : Stevie Wonder and Aretha Franklin will perform at the funeral Death certificate says burial will be at cemetery in Westfield , New Jersey Funeral will be available for TV , web streaming
Washington  CNN  -- The failure of General Electric engines on four jet aircraft overseas during the past two years has prompted the National Transportation Safety Board to issue an "  urgent " recommendation to increase inspections of the engines on U.S. aircraft . None of the incidents resulted in crashes , injuries or fatalities . But in all four cases , engine parts penetrated the engine housing . Such "  uncontained engine failures " are particularly dangerous because flying engine parts could puncture fuel or hydraulic lines , damage flight surfaces or even penetrate the fuselage and injure passengers . At issue are General Electric CF6-45 / 50 series jet engines , older engines found on a small number of jets . FAA officials said 373 of the engines are in service in the United States , on a fewer , but unknown , number of planes . The engines are used on some Airbus A300s , Boeing 747s , DC-10s , MD-10s and U.S. Air Force KC-10s . A GE spokeswoman said most of the engines are used on cargo planes . On four occasions , the NTSB said , a rotor imbalance caused rotor disks to fail , leading to the uncontained engine failures . FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown said the FAA is aware of the problem and issued a rule in March requiring inspections of the engines within 50 flights , and repeat inspections every 175 flights thereafter . It also is working on a rule that would add testing of the rotor disks for cracks . But on Thursday , the NTSB issued its urgent recommendation , saying the FAA should require inspections every 15 flights until the disks can be replaced with improved parts . The FAA said the action "  will maintain the safety of the fleet , " and that it will decide whether to alter the inspection schedule after completing examinations of the engines involved in the recent incidents . GE spokeswoman Deborah Case said GE issued a service bulletin last August advising operators to inspect and monitor the engines . The NTSB recommendation follows these four incidents : -- July 4 , 2008 : A Saudi Arabian Airlines  Saudia  Boeing 747-300 experienced an engine failure after takeoff from Jeddah , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . -- March 26 , 2009 : An Arrow Cargo McDonnell Douglas DC-10F , about 30 minutes after takeoff from Manaus , Brazil , experienced loss of oil pressure in one engine . The pilots shut down the engine and diverted to Medellin , Colombia . -- December 17 , 2009 : A Jett8 Airlines Cargo Boeing 747-200F was passing through 7,000 feet when the crew members heard a muffled explosion . With one engine losing oil pressure , the airplane returned to land at Changi , Singapore . -- April 10 , 2010 : An ACT Cargo Airbus A300B4 experienced an engine failure while accelerating for takeoff at Manama , Bahrain . The crew declared an emergency , aborted the takeoff , activated the fire-suppression system , and evacuated the airplane . The NTSB is participating in or leading investigations of the four incidents .	Engines on four jet aircraft overseas failed during the past two years NTSB issues an "  urgent " recommendation to increase inspections of the engines on U.S. aircraft At issue are General Electric CF6-45 / 50 series jet engines , found on a small number of jets A GE spokeswoman says most of the engines are used on cargo planes
CNN  -- He is one of Nollywood 's most popular film directors , hailing from a famous family of movie stars that have shaped Nigeria 's entertainment industry for decades . Yet Jeta Amata had other career plans while growing up . "  I wanted to be a pilot , " says the award-winning filmmaker . "  I was about six and I was intrigued with the fact that something could fly up there and that some man could control it ; I wanted to control the plane . " But Amata 's dreams to conquer the skies were put aside as his family genes kicked in . Instead , Amata went on to reach great heights with his feature films , winning international acclaim and carving out a career as one of Nigeria 's most prominent directors . Read this : Netflix of Africa ' brings Nollywood to world For his latest film , "  Black November , " Amata broke new ground working with both Hollywood and Nollywood talent . An impressive roster of American film stars , including Mickey Rourke , Kim Basinger , Vivica Foxx , Michael Madsen and Tom Sizemore , as well as musicians Akon and Wyclef Jean , is joined by famous Nigerian actors Hakeem Kae-Kazim and Enyinna Nwigwe . Amata 's family is also part of the star-studded cast . Along with Amata 's father , Fred , the film stars his wife , Mbong Amata , as the female lead . Spotlight on Niger Delta "  Black November " is a drama about Nigeria 's Niger Delta region -- a part of Nigeria still struggling to overcome a past history of rebel violence . The area is the world 's third-largest wetland but decades of oil drilling had turned it into one of the most oil-polluted places on Earth . "  For years now I 've been wanting to make something on Niger Delta , " says Amata . "  I wrote three scripts over the past maybe eight years about the Niger Delta and as things kept escalating it became almost more difficult to make but I got to the point where I knew it just has to be now . " Amata , who grew up in the Niger Delta , titled his film "  Black November " after the month when local environmental activist Ken Saro-Wiwa was killed . In 1995 , Nigerian writer and Nobel Peace Prize nominee Saro-Wiwa was one of nine environmentalists arrested and executed by the then military regime . The news provoked international outrage and Nigeria was suspended from the British Commonwealth until 1999 . Read this : Veteran director reveals secrets of Nollywood 's success Many of the Delta protests led by Saro-Wiwa targeted oil giant Royal Dutch Shell , which was sued by families of the activists , who accused the company of complicity in the deaths . The company said it never advocated any act of violence against the activists and tried to persuade the government to grant clemency . In 2009 , the company agreed to an out-of-court settlement with the families , paying them $ 15.5 million . Amata , who had once met Saro-Wiwa through his father , says he was affected by the activist 's death . "  I have always wanted to tell a part of his story , " he says . "  Most of the politics in his story I did n't want to get into . I wanted to get to the human part of his story . What excites me about people 's stories are the human parts of them , not necessarily the politics . Even in ` Black November ' I know I touch on politics a bit but I 'm more concerned about the feelings of the people , about what they 've been through and where they are going through . " Amata says his goal is for viewers to realize what people in the region have been through over the past few decades . "  We want the world to stand with us , " he says . "  We are not trying to fight the government , trying to fight the oil companies , no -- we are trying to repair what has been damaged , " adds Amata . "  We can change the Niger Delta of Nigeria . " Nigeria 's booming film industry Nollywood , the term coined for Nigeria 's mega film industry , has grown in recent years into a mighty movie-making machine , capturing audiences with its universal themes and arresting stories of urban culture . The booming industry has been notorious for churning out over 1,000 films a year which often struggle with shoe-string budgets and low production values . Amata , who is often praised for the high production values and strong narratives of his movies , says he initially disliked the Nollywood name , which sounded like "  not-Hollywood . " Read this : Nollywood thriller campaigns for safer skies Yet , today he passionately defends the industry , rejecting claims that his movies are not part of Nigeria 's movie-making movement . "  If I make a couple of Hollywood films its not going to change who I am and where I come from , " he says . "  I built Nollywood with people out there , " he adds . "  I was one of the first few people to make films . I worked hard for the market . I learned like all the Nollywood directors how to pull a camera apart and how to put it together . I am not going to lose that title , never . "  I do n't care what people say , or what they think , or how they say it is really not Nollywood , I am Nollywood . "	Jeta Amata is one of Nigeria 's most prominent film directors Amata comes from a family of Nollywood stars His latest film , "  Black November , " features Hollywood stars Mickey Rourke and Kim Basinger The gripping movie is a drama about Nigeria 's Niger Delta region
CNN  -- Hackers have been busy causing service interruptions , breaching databases , and defacing hundreds of Ukrainian and Russian websites , as the crisis between the two countries plays out in cyberwarfare . The attacks have similarities to the resistance movement that sprung up among German-occupied countries during World War II , which took many forms including sabotage , espionage , armed confrontation and counter-propaganda . In addition to that list , today we can add digital or web-based actions including Distributed Denial of Service  DDoS  attacks , which shut down key websites , the defacement of government websites , and breaching government or key industry networks to access sensitive documents and release them to the world . Services like Twitter and Instagram may be used to capture events in real-time , and YouTube may be used for recruitment , training and propaganda purposes . The global networks that enable the incredible global communication and information-sharing applications we have all come to enjoy , all use insecure hardware and software . Just like there 's no human cell that is immune to every virus , there 's no piece of software that is immune from being exploited . As a result , the most powerful nations in the world today can not reliably defend their own information and communications infrastructure from targeted attacks , by even a single hacker . To make matters worse , many of today 's best hackers are n't employed by their respective governments . While the resistance movement of World War II had fewer skills to bring to combat than members of the armed forces , today we see a "  super-resistance " composed of elite hackers , for whom cracking a secure network is certainly equal to and in some cases superior to that of a militarized cyberwarfare unit . OpRussia Shortly after police cracked down on "  Euromaidan " street protesters , who were calling for closer integration with the EU , in Kiev in November last year , Ukrainian security engineers began discussing the necessity of forming an all-volunteer cyberdefense force . By March 1 , 2014 , cyberattacks on both sides kicked into high gear . OpRussia , a hacker group formed under the Anonymous umbrella , posted a warning to Russian President Putin that his aggression against Ukraine would not stand on March 1 , 2014 . Since then , members of OpRussia have been attacking Russian business and government websites on a daily basis , including the website for the Russian Air Force , the website of the Kamchatka region , Russia 's narcotics control service , and even a Russian escort service . Russian CyberCommand is another group of hackers , some of whom are Russian , who oppose Putin 's annexation of Crimea and have been relentless in their attacks against Russian businesses and agencies such as Rosoboronexport -- Russia 's sole agency authorized to sell defense and dual-use products and technologies to foreign entities -- and SearchInform.ru -- a Russian IT security company that provides services to Gazprom , Skolkovo , and other important organizations . Like OpRussia , Russian CyberCommand considers itself part of Anonymous . Anonymous While the name Anonymous is frequently associated with cyberoperations that support revolutionary movements , that was n't the case with these next two groups : Anonymous Ukraine and CyberBerkut , both of whom are Pro-Russia groups . Anonymous Ukraine attacked NATO websites on November 7 when Ukraine was considering establishing closer ties with the EU as well as NATO membership . On March 15 , CyberBerkut attacked NATO websites again , however those attacks were a small percentage of CyberBerkut 's onslaught against several hundred Ukrainian government and commercial websites from March 3 up until the present . The group 's logo and name come directly from Ukraine 's old special police unit "  Berkut " and there are rumors that the group is composed of either Ukrainian or Russian former security services personnel . As of March 18 , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said that Ukraine would not be seeking NATO membership , a move designed to placate Russia as well as Ukraine 's large Russian-speaking population . Yatsenyuk also announced a willingness to maintain political ties with the EU but will delay signing any economic agreements for the time being . ` Russian Cyber Playbook ' Some Western pundits have drawn similarities between the current cyberattacks and those that happened during previous conflicts . Most of the Georgian government 's communications systems were shut down by Russian hackers during the conflict there in 2008 . But in fact there 's very little similarity , and no actual evidence linking the Russian government to the current wave of cyberattacks against Ukrainian websites . This is not a page out of the "  Russian Cyber Playbook " for several reasons : Firstly , the Nashi , a government-financed Russian youth organization that was responsible for the attacks against Estonia in 2007 and Georgia in 2008 is no more . And secondly , in 2008 , Russian hacker forums were actively recruiting volunteers for attacks against Georgia . Not so today . In fact , many Russian hackers are angry with Putin and are supporting an independent Ukraine . Time has not stood still since August 2008 . In 2010 , Russia published a new military doctrine which acknowledged the "  intensification of the role of information warfare " and assigned as a task to "  develop forces and resources for information warfare . " Russia and most other nations have been investing hundreds of millions of dollars to improve their capabilities to conduct electronic warfare , information warfare , and cyber warfare via increasingly sophisticated means ; and by that I mean techniques that include compromising a nation 's electrical grid or GPS navigation system from the canopy of a combat helicopter . Russia , in particular , has spent the last few years developing dual-use technologies that will never be seen or defended against by its target -- for example , malware research that could be used to both defend against malware in peace time and use malware offensively as part of a military operation . But there will always be highly-skilled civilians who can quickly organize online , distribute easy-to-use denial of service tools , and cause mayhem and embarrassment to the enemy , whoever he may be . Read more : Cyberwar hits Ukraine Read more : The gathering cyberstorm Read more : Cyber arms control ? Forget about it The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Carr .	The Ukraine-Russia crisis is playing out in cyberwarfare , says Jeffrey Carr Hackers have been causing service interruptions and breaching databases , he says Carr says the attacks have similarities to the resistance movement in WWII Europe He says the most powerful nations can not reliably defend their infrastructure from attacks
CNN  -- The 2012 Fit Nation Tri Challenge Team is made up of seven CNN viewers selected to train for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon with Dr. Sanjay Gupta in September . For updates , visit the Fit Nation page , follow the team on Twitter , or like our page on Facebook . Check back with us this weekend for more photos .	Fit Nation Tri Challenge Team is in Hawaii this week to train "  Lucky 7 " will bike , run and swim to prepare for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon
CNN  -- A city official in the remote Brazilian Amazon village of Envira told CNN that five members of the Kulina tribe are on the run after being accused of murdering , butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act of cannibalism . The village 's chief of staff , Maronilton da Silva Clementino , said Kulina tribesmen took the life of Ocelio Alves de Carvalho , 19 , last week on the outskirts of Envira , which is in the far western part of Brazil that bumps up against Peru . Portal Amazonia newspaper reported that the Indians escaped after being held for a few hours in the city 's police station . No arrest warrants were issued . Brazilian law does not allow the military or civil police to enter Indian lands , Portal Amazonia reported . It is still unknown how many people took part in the alleged cannibalistic ritual , although several Indians have fled into the jungle fearing prosecution , the newspaper Diario do Amazonas reported . Clementino said the victim was herding cattle when he met with a group of Indians who invited him back to their village . "  They knew each other and they sometimes helped one another . They invited him to their reservation three days ago and he was never seen again , " Clementino said . "  The family decided to go into the reservation and that 's when they saw his body quartered and his skull hanging on a tree . It was very tragic for the family , " he said . The news of the incident came from the Indians themselves , who apparently bragged about eating the man 's organs , Clementino said . Members of the tribe told residents of Envira -- where 190 Kulina families brush shoulders with non-tribal Brazilians -- that they held a cannibalistic ritual in which they cooked the victim 's organs , Clementino said . He said Kulina Indians began surrounding the police station where the suspects were briefly interrogated . Villagers told authorities they are incensed by the lack of response from FUNAI , Brazil 's National Indian Foundation . "  The family is very frustrated with the law here , which protects the Indians and does n't help protect us , " he said . "  They start drinking and local farmers here are afraid who could be next . " Clementino said groups Indians -- often outnumbering police -- pose a security threat to locals . He said the man 's family are upset that authorities did not arrive until three days later . But a FUNAI official told the newspaper Voz do Acre that access to Envira is very difficult , requiring long boat or helicopter rides . According to FUNAI , about 2,500 Kulina live in Brazil 's Acre state , which borders with Peru , where 450 Kulina live . This remote jungle corridor is known for its isolated tribes . The Kulina are classified as an "  isolated " tribe but some have contact with the non-indian population . The Kulina are also known for their complex language . FUNAI studies show that Kulina women speak a completely different language from the men . According to FUNAI , there are 460,000 Indians in Brazil and 1,300 indian languages . There are 55 groups considered to live in isolation .	Five members of the Kulina tribe on the run after being accused of cannibalism They are accused of murdering , butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act Victim was herding cattle when he met Indians who invited him back to their village Suspected Indians escaped after being held for a few hours at a police station
CNN  A week after the mayor of Caracas , Antonio Ledezma , was incarcerated by the Venezuelan government , his youngest daughter is speaking out and demanding his release . The last time Antonieta Ledezma , 23 , saw her father was in early January when she left Venezuela bound for New York . At the time , her teary-eyed dad embraced her and asked , "  When will I see you again ? Promise me you will take care of yourself , " she wrote in an open letter published earlier this week . Ledezma says she never imagined that in just a few weeks seeing her father again would become a matter of not "  when " but "  if . " "  He was unjustly imprisoned and has effectively been kidnapped by this government , " said Ledezma , who was joined by a few dozen protesters Monday night in New York 's Times Square . "  The world needs to know what my country and what my family is going through , " she said . In the midst of a deepening economic crisis , the outspoken mayor of Venezuela 's capital and largest city , is the latest in a growing list of opposition leaders who have been arrested and jailed by the country 's socialist government . On orders of President Nicolas Maduro , federal agents stormed into Ledezma 's office on Thurdsay , accusing him of conspiracy and helping to plot an American-backed coup . As the small crowd of protesters in Times Square broke into chants of "  Viva Venezuela " and "  This government will fall , " Ledezma vehemently denied the charges levied against her father . "  My dad has been accused of conspiracy . He is a man who wants the freedom of my country . That is the only thing that he has done , " she said . "  There is no explanation . My dad is the mayor of a city , and the government has not only disrespected him but all of his human rights . " Venezuelan government officials in New York did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . Although she has not been able to speak or see her father since his arrest , Ledezma believes that he remains in good spirits . "  He 's trying to stay strong . He has an unbreakable spirit , and his only fear at this moment is losing the country that he loves . The government may have incarcerated his body but never his thoughts and ideas . " Ledezma 's supporters fear that he will face the same fate as some of Venezuela 's other dissident political prisoners , most notably , Leopoldo Lopez . Lopez , a former mayoral and presidential candidate , has been in jail for over a year , accused of inciting violence during last year 's anti-government protests . "  We know this could be a long process , but we are prepared for that . We will not let the abuses of this government weaken us , " said Ledezma . "  My father 's message from prison to Venezuelans and the world is that our country is going through a horrible time , but we are a strong people and he is going to keep fighting . " Maduro maintains that Lopez , Ledezma and other opposition leaders were arrested by order of the attorney general 's office and must be tried for "  crimes against the peace , security and constitution of the country . " Critics , however , say that the government is systematically cracking down on the opposition to deflect attention from the flailing economy . Since Maduro took office , inflation is at an all-time high , 68 % , and falling oil prices have had a ripple effect on the country 's already ailing economy . The International Monetary Fund predicts its economy will shrink by 7 % this year , the worst in Latin America . "  It is a desperate act by a desperate regime that is seeking to veil the current social and political reality in Venezuela , " said ex-Venezuelan ambassador to the United Nations , Diego Arria , of Ledezma 's arrest . Arria joined Ledezma 's daughter at Monday night 's rally . "  To kidnap the mayor of Venezuela 's capital , no less , is unprecedented , and it will have consequences , " said Arria . In the meantime , Ledezma remains hopeful that she will once again be able to embrace her father as a free man . "  Hope is the last thing you lose . I know my dad will be free . His cause is now my cause . " Venezuela arrests opposition figures : Why you should care	Antonieta Ledezma is joined by a few dozen protesters in New York 's Times Square The Venezuelan government has accused Mayor Antonio Ledezma of conspiracy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As Democrats continue to splinter over President Obama 's proposed health care reform plan , Republicans are taking the opportunity to home in on a key argument : A good bill deserves more time and deliberation . Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , says his party may have enough votes to stall Democratic health care reform . Rep. Nathan Deal , R-Georgia , said Friday that Obama 's rush to put a bill together is "  totally irresponsible . " "  Most of us believe that the decision as to major reform of how Americans get their health care in this country deserves at least as much time and deliberation as it would take to select a puppy to live in the White House , " he said . "  It took the president six months to decide how long and which puppy he was going to have . ... To expect Congress to do something on major health care reform in six days is totally irresponsible . " Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , speaking on conservative Hugh Hewitt 's radio show recently , was asked about whether his party had enough votes to block health care from going forward . His answer : "  I think so . I really do . " "  If he is unsuccessful , which I anticipate and will predict he is , on getting a vote prior to the August recess , then I would say there 's no way in the world they 're going to get this done this year , " he added . Obama 's fight to get health care reform through Congress hit a major snag this week -- facing opposition from Republicans and fiscally conservative "  Blue Dog " Democrats worried over the costs -- estimated to be around $ 1 trillion . On Thursday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , announced that the Senate would not take up a vote before August recess -- a deadline that Obama had originally wanted . Watch a GOP senator lash out at Obama 's plan " Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas responded to Democratic criticism that the GOP has failed to present a viable plan . "  When the Democrats say we do n't have a plan ... where 's their plan ? If they ca n't get a bill out of committee , where 's their plan ? " he said . Rep. Roy Blunt , R-Missouri , said it 's hard to combat the Democrats ' proposed legislation when it changes "  by 100 pages every time you walk into the room . " The GOP 's fight is also getting political , namely looking ahead to the upcoming midterm election . "  I just hope the president keeps talking about it , keeps trying to rush it through . We can stall it . And that 's going to be a huge gain for those of us who want to turn this thing over in the 2010 election , " Inhofe said . Last week , Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , was quoted as telling the group Conservatives for Patients ' Rights , which opposes Obama 's health care plan , that "  if we 're able to stop Obama on this , it will be his Waterloo . It will break him . " Obama debunked DeMint 's claim during a live prime time news conference Wednesday night at the White House . "  I 've heard that one Republican strategist told his party that even though they may want to compromise , it 's better politics to ` go for the kill . ' Another Republican senator said that defeating health reform is about ` breaking ' me , " he said . "  Let me be clear : This is n't about me , " Obama said , noting that he and every member of Congress -- including those trying to scuttle health care reform legislation -- "  have great health insurance . " Obama 's chief-of-staff , Rahm Emanuel , took a swipe at the GOP 's political maneuvering . "  At least they 're honest about their motivation , " Emanuel told National Public Radio Friday . "  Their view about health care is about defeating President Obama . Politically , I actually appreciate what they said . "	GOP Rep. Deal : Obama spent more time picking a dog than health care plan Obama 's health care fight hit a major snag this week Sen. Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , says it 's unlikely the president will get a bill this year Inhofe says stalling health care reform could be good for GOP in 2010
CNN  -- The White House indicated Wednesday that a report and a photo from the controversial low-altitude New York flyover by a 747 plane used as Air Force One could be released soon . A 911 caller on the day of the flyover said , "  There 's a plane falling . There is a big aircraft falling like 9/11 . " Earlier , White House officials had said that there were no plans to release photos to the public . But the tone seemed to change on Wednesday . "  The report , I believe , will be concluded at some point this week . We 'll release its findings and release a photo , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said during his daily press briefing . The review , led by Deputy Chief of Staff Jim Messina , will focus on "  why that decision was made and to ensure that it never happens again , " Gibbs said . The flyover , officials said , was a training mission -- it was also a government-sanctioned photo shoot . Military officials also estimate that the mission and the photo shoot , aimed at updating file photos of Air Force One -- cost $ 328,835 in taxpayer money . But they said "  the hours would have been flown regardless , and the expenses would have been accrued on a different mission . " The photo shoot , which President Obama said he was "  furious " with , happened on April 27 . The image of a low-flying plane accompanied by an F-16 fighter jet sent some New Yorkers into the streets and into a panic -- reminding them of the tragic 9/11 attacks on the city . Building evacuations also took place across the Hudson River in Jersey City , New Jersey . Read more of Obama 's reaction White House Military Office Director Louis Caldera later apologized for the flyover . Witnesses reported seeing the plane circle over the Upper New York Bay near the Statue of Liberty before flying up the Hudson River . Watch the plane fly over Manhattan " A YouTube video showed people standing in a parking lot , watching the plane approach . As it nears , they begin to run . "  Run , run ! " said one person . "  Oh my God , " cried another . A 911 call , released later by the Hudson County Sheriff 's Department in New Jersey , illustrated the fear and panic felt by residents since the 9/11 attacks . "  There 's a plane falling . There is a big aircraft falling like 9/11 , " a man says to the operator . "  Everybody is running and people are crying and panicking . " CNN iReporter Tom Kruk , who saw the plane and took a photo , called the sight of the aircraft low in the sky "  unsettling . " Mayor Michael Bloomberg was visibly angry last week . "  I 'm annoyed -- furious is a better word -- that I was n't told , " he said , adding that the decision by the White House Military Office and Federal Aviation Administration to withhold details about the flight were "  ridiculous " and "  poor judgment . " But according to Air Force Capt. Anna Carpenter , local law enforcement agencies and the FAA had been notified of the exercise . New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne confirmed that department had been alerted about the flight "  with directives to local authorities not to disclose information about it . " That decision riled local media . "  Given that we are not big on reminders of 9/11 , we could have done without the whole thing . But the FAA outdunced itself by asking the NYPD to keep the photo op a secret , as if no one would look up and say , ` What the hell ? ' " the New York Daily News said on April 28 . The New York Post , in its editorial on the same day , said : "  The FAA had long preferred to keep passengers ignorant of these dangers . Better to have people panic , it seems , at the sudden sight of low-flying aircraft over Lower Manhattan . ... Someone needs to straighten out these folks -- quick . " The controversy had some questioning President Obama 's declaration of a new era of openness , who on January 21 , said : "  The old rules said that if there was a defensible argument for not disclosing something to the American people , then it should not be disclosed . That era is now over . " So why , exactly , did n't that initially apply to the photos ? An advocate for government disclosure said it should , and that it 's "  silly " and "  absurd " to withhold them . Watch more on the photo flap " "  These are public records because they were done on government time , with government resources , and government personnel , " said Patrice McDermott of openthegovernment.org . In New York , news that the photos might not be released reignited public outrage over the incident . "  It does n't seem right , " said Kurt Wallin from New Jersey . "  If we spent the money to have these photos taken , they should be available for the public to see . " Emily Ritter from Park City , Utah , added : "  I feel like maybe they 're covering it up because it 's been seen in a bad light already ... maybe they are still worried about their image and do n't want to be seen in a bad light . " CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : White House says it intends to release flyover report , photo A plane used as Air Force One was taking part in official photo shoot , FAA says The controversial flyover cost taxpayers $ 328,000 and has riled politicians , public
CNN  "  Sopranos " theorists now have a little more to chew on . Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot . What he did n't reveal , however , was whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies . Chase 's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation , however . ` Sopranos ' ending ? Let it be For those who do n't recall the finale , which aired in June 2007 , mobster Tony Soprano is meeting his family for dinner at Holsten 's , a real-life diner and ice cream parlor in Bloomfield , New Jersey . He picks a song on the jukebox : Journey 's "  Do n't Stop Believin ' . " As the music plays , he waits in a booth , watching his wife and later his son come through the front door . His daughter is running late . It 's a seemingly harmless get-together , one that could have happened any time in Tony 's life , but it 's fraught with tension , Chase observes . The Journey song "  starts to build and build into something " ; a bell rings every time someone walks through the door , and Tony looks up each time . And then there 's the man in the Members Only jacket who walks in just ahead of A.J. , Tony 's son . He could be anybody , but given Tony 's life , he could a hitman assigned to kill Tony . "  The tension is quite high now , but if you think about it , for no real reason , " Chase told DGA Quarterly . "  Who 's in the place ? A guy in a jacket , Cub Scouts , a young couple , a trucker in a hat , a couple of black guys in there to buy some candy . There 's no real reason for the tension to ratchet up . But it does . And that 's what I love , how you make that . " There are nods to other films , Chase observed . The way the scene is cut recalls the final bedroom scene of Stanley Kubrick 's "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " with Tony seeing himself at the next spot in time . The Members Only guy going to the bathroom is a nod to the famous scene in "  The Godfather " when Michael Corleone shoots Sollozzo and McCluskey . The scene ends , of course , with Tony looking up as Journey 's Steve Perry sings "  Do n't stop -- " and then a cut to black . The public reaction caught Chase by surprise . "  I thought the ending would be somewhat jarring , sure . But not to the extent it was , and not a subject of such discussion , " he said . "  The biggest feeling I was going for , honestly , was do n't stop believing . " Still , if anybody is hoping that Chase reveals whether Tony survives , they 'll have to keep digging . The end is deliberately uncertain and existential , Chase said . "  Whether this is the end here , or not , it 's going to come at some point for the rest of us , " he said . "  I 'm not saying that  he was killed  . But obviously he stood more of a chance of getting shot by a rival gang mob than you or I do because he put himself in that situation . "  All I know , " he added , "  is the end is coming for all of us . "	David Chase walks through the ending of "  The Sopranos " The use of particular shots and "  Do n't Stop Believin ' " build tension Chase still does n't reveal Tony Soprano 's fate
CNN  -- Some people hire florists and caterers when planning their wedding . Former Google employee Brit Morin brought on a programmer to create a custom app . That personal app grew into Weduary , a real product that helps people design wedding sites , and Morin went on to create her own lifestyle how-to company called Brit + Co. , which combines crafting , homemaking and a bit of tech . In the year since it launched , Brit + Co. has created tons of step-by-step posts , filmed how-to videos staring Brit , brought in user-generated projects and started selling merchandise such as crafting starter kits , books and subscription boxes called Brit Kits . For $ 20 a month , Brit + Co. will deliver a Brit Kit box filled with crafting materials and instructions for projects such as gloves that work on touchscreen devices . Last week , Brit.co entered its newest stage by branching out into content aggregation with a feature called Brit 's Picks . The company is pulling in posts from 25 popular crafting and style sites , including Style Me Pretty , Oh Happy Day and Smitten Kitchen , and hand-picking the best posts to share with the Brit.co readers . Inspired by the Maker movement and the tech culture of Silicon Valley , Morin wanted to combine her interest in technology and crafting with the popular Maker movement . "  There was really no voice or teacher , specifically on the female side , who was really sharing all of these new innovations with those inspired to live creatively , " she said of the maker culture . The projects on Brit.co are fairly simple and meant to be completed quickly , but many incorporate cool gadgetry such as 3D and laser printers , or wired elements such as Arduino kits , which are do-it-yourself computing and circuitry kits . There are recipes for no-bake peanut butter and jelly pie , instructions on how to create homemade headbands in less than five minutes , and plenty of iPhone app and accessory round-ups . One of Morin 's favorite recent projects was an LED cowboy hat she wore to the South by Southwest festival in Austin , Texas . Using littleBits pieces , she stitched wire into the hat to spell out her Twitter handle . "  Being from Texas , it really showed who I am : a little bit style , a little bit country and a little bit tech , " said Morin . Morin says she aspires to be a combination of Marissa Mayer and Martha Stewart . She worked with Yahoo CEO Mayer in the past , and Mayer is an investor in Brit + Co. . The company raised a $ 1.25 million seed round of funding last year from a group that also included Tina Sharkey , the former chairman of Baby Center and co-founder of iVillage . In an effort to differentiate herself from the doyennes of DIY like Stewart , Morin avoids saying the word "  craft , " which she thinks makes people think of popsicle sticks . Instead she enthusiastically uses the word "  hack " to describe any time - or money-saving trick . For example , she hacked a Jawbone Up fitness tracking device by wrapping the bracelet in gold wire to make it look less like a sports accessory and more like jewelry . At Brit and Co. , Morin 's agreeable , bubbly personality is a big part of the product . Her photographs are used to illustrate the various projects . She stars in a the how-to videos online . And she is constantly promoting the brand in magazines and on TV programs . Next week , she 's headed to the "  Today " show , where she will demonstrate how to use the Shapeways site to print metals in 3D . This personality-centric approach to branding is all part of her larger plan to emulate some very successful companies . "  We 're trying to recreate what it is to have a person as the core of the brand , " said Morin . "  In the past it was Disney , Rockefeller , Walmart ; all these huge companies that have lasted for decades had a person 's name in the brand . " Morin 's own homemaking skills are self-taught . The 27-year-old studied business and communications at the University of Texas in Austin before moving to Silicon Valley , where she worked in product and marketing at Apple and Google . Though she has no formal design experience , she says she planned parties when she was younger and taught herself how to sew and cook . Morin says that , like her , the current generation is interested in homemaking and DIY , but suffers from a lack of time and proper training . Morin says that with so many people 35 and younger growing up with two working parents , there 's been less time for passing on cooking , crafting and DIY techniques . "  This generation specifically , as opposed to older generations , did n't spend enough time on the domestic arts , " said Morin , who aims to fill in the blanks for today 's busy , stylish and proudly geeky DIY fans .	Formerly of Apple and Google , Brit Morin has created a tech and craft how-to company Brit + Co. mixes technology such as 3D printers and Arduino kits with craft projects The Brit.co site is expanding into aggregation , starting with 26 popular craft sites
CNN  -- Sometimes the price of success is losing the thing you most cherish . For Charlotte Dujardin , every triumph in the sporting arena seemingly took her another step closer to an uncertain future . Billed as "  The Girl with the Dancing Horse " after her heroics at the London 2012 Olympics , she feared that every time she competed would be the last waltz with her equine partner . The mere thought of losing her "  best friend " reduced Dujardin to tears . Valegro , the horse on which she won double gold , on which she was crowned double European champion and on which she aims to repeat the feat at August 's world championships , was attracting big offers . He was valued at $ 10 million but , after much speculation , Valegro 's "  For Sale " sign has finally come down -- meaning they now have the chance to continue a remarkable record-setting run together . "  His future is secure -- he is never going to be sold , we have him forever , " the British rider says of the 12-year-old horse , which is co-owned by her mentor and fellow Olympic champion Carl Hester and Roly Luard . "  It 's an unbelievable relief . It was really , really hard knowing that every competition we did might be our last one . I never knew what was going on , I was too afraid to ask , " Dujardin tells CNN . Hester , who won team dressage gold alongside Dujardin at London 2012 , hopes to set up a small syndicate to cover the costs of keeping Valegro in competition . "  There will be others I can sell on but this one is special , " the 46-year-old told Horse and Country earlier this year . "  I did n't want Charlotte to feel like he might be sold -- it 's not great to ride under those conditions . Besides , Valegro has been with us since he was two so whoever we sell him to , are they going to look after him the way we do ? Probably not . " Dujardin describes Valegro -- more affectionately known as Blueberry at his yard -- as a Ferrari and , to all intents and purposes , she is a Fernando Alonso as she wrestles the ultimate horsepower out of him . "  He 's a real hot horse who likes to work , and he 's just the most willing and comfortable horse to ride , " she says of their "  telepathic " partnership . "  He trusts me implicitly , we both have that trust for each other . "  As for me , I just do what I do . I just have a feeling inside me and I ca n't wholly explain that feeling . " Dujardin is the world No. 1 in dressage , which is split into two events  the set routine and the freestyle  and holds the world records in all three elements of her sport -- the freestyle , Grand Prix and Grand Prix Special . Her most recent record came at last month 's Reem Acra FEI World Cup Final in Lyon with a score of 87.129 % comfortably beating her previous milestone of 85.942 set at the European Championships . She scored 92.179 % in the freestyle section . Surely there is a ceiling to the records ? "  Well , you 'd think that but he just gets better every time , " Dujardin says . "  I do n't know what the limit is although I do believe we can at least beat the freestyle record . There still feels like there 's more to come . " Dujardin is somewhat disbelieving at the success that she has achieved . It is true that she has n't gone down the typical route . She did not have the privileged upbringing of many of her rivals . Born in Enfield , north London , she only got her chance when her grandmother Joy died , leaving a five-figure inheritance to give Dujardin her the chance to buy her first horse of note . "  It 's odd when I look back , I have to pinch myself sometimes , I honestly ca n't believe it , " she says . "  I 've done more than I ever dreamed of . I 've just worked hard to get to the top . I 've had so many letters from people saying I 've inspired them to take up riding and that 's an amazing feeling . "  Getting to the top is one thing but staying there is quite another . That 's the difficult bit . " Dujardin will take a trip down memory lane on Friday when competing at the Royal Windsor Horse Show , one of the first events that she ever competed in as a child and a chance to display her and Valegro 's finery on home soil once more . Her biggest home display will forever be the London 2012 Olympics . The British team had entered it looking for a first Olympic medal in the discipline in over a century , and she ended up picking up two golds  in the space of just a week . But she admits : "  Life after London was tough . The whole experience was incredible . I 'd just aimed to be there so that was it , I 'd achieved my goal . To get those gold medals was just an unbelievable bonus . "  But after that died down I almost felt a bit depressed -- understandable after such a high . It was difficult coming from doing so little media to suddenly being in the media spotlight . "  People wanted me to do everything , and I found that really , really tough . It was a very difficult time . "  Part of that was down to the uncertainty of not knowing Valegro 's future but obviously that 's all changed . " Throughout it all , the pair kept on winning and breaking records , but the complete happiness has fully returned in 2014 . In addition , the Olympics has brought her all manner of other unlikely facets to her life , ranging from a friendship with chart-topping singer Leona Lewis , who has come to see her train and compete , to passing on tips to former England footballer Michael Owen on dressage for his daughter , who also rides . None of that has fazed Dujardin , who still bears the same trademark smile that delighted the crowds in London and has made her something of a smiling assassin in which she has decimated her rivals in competition . Just the world title now is left on the to-do list . Should she win that , she says : "  I will have achieved everything in my career at the age of 28 . It 'll be time to retire ! " But there are no retirement plans . She and Valegro have plenty of competitions ahead of them . But she is relishing their new lease of life together . "  I know I 'll never have another Valegro and this is probably the peak of my career , " Dujardin says . "  But who cares ? There are thousands of people that would like to have had this opportunity . I 've been lucky to have it , I will always have it and I will enjoy it . " It is a far cry from the rider that first turned up at the yard of Hester , himself an Olympic champion who described her as Edwina Scissorhands , because of her wooden riding skills akin to the character played by Johnny Depp in the 1990 movie Edward Scissorhands . Hers and Hester 's relationship can still be a volatile one -- Dujardin admitting "  we occasionally scream and shout at each other " -- but it is clearly stronger for the certainty over Valegro 's future . Dujardin knows she can save the pair 's last dance for some time .	Charlotte Dujardin rode to double dressage gold at the London Olympics on Valegro But the fear was the partnership would be separated with Valegro up for sale The partnership is now safe and the pair have gone on to break world records Dujardin now has the world title in her sights , the one major success missing from her CV
CNN  -- To start with , Cordell Jude was hungry . He was 22 , the spring days were growing longer and the temperature in Phoenix had climbed to 80 degrees that Tuesday in April 2012 . It was not much cooler as the sun slipped behind the Sierra Estrella mountains , so shortly before 8 pm , Jude drove with his pregnant fiance  toward a suburban intersection crowded with fast-food restaurants , a Home Depot , a Starbucks , drug stores and gas stations . Not far off , another man was headed the same way . Daniel Adkins was 29 , older than Jude , but mentally disabled . His family described him as more like a 12 - or 13-year-old . Adkins was walking his yellow Labrador retriever named Lady past a Taco Bell in the gathering evening , when he stepped around a blind corner and was nearly hit by Jude 's vehicle . Police say the two men exchanged angry words , the dispute rapidly escalated , and it ended when Jude pulled out a .40 - caliber pistol and shot Adkins dead . Jude , who was still in his car at the time of the shooting , told police it was self-defense , that Adkins had lunged at him with a bat of some kind . But investigators found no such weapon , and even if they had County Attorney Bill Montgomery says , "  The threshold that people believe needs to be crossed when they brandish a weapon , never mind actually use it ... is a lot higher than what it actually is . " Jude is now charged with murder in that killing last year , and because he is black and Adkins was not , the case is drawing comparisons to the killing of Trayvon Martin by George Zimmerman . Why the comparison ? If Jude is convicted , some would argue there 's racism in the justice system . In the Florida case , a black teen is killed and an Hispanic shooter is acquitted . In the other , a black man who claims self-defense faces prison time . Unstable ground : The fine line between self-defense and murder The key questions being asked by many : If Zimmerman was acquitted because he felt threatened , should n't Jude also walk ? And if he does n't , will his race and that of the victim have played a role ? The nation has a long history of self-defense laws . Almost every state allows some version of the "  castle " defense , as in "  a man 's home is his castle . " These laws generally allow people to defend themselves , their family and their property against anyone who intrudes upon their living space , with deadly force if necessary . CNN legal analyst Mark NeJame says , "  If you walk into my house uninvited , odds are you are n't going to be walking out . And most people support that . You 're going to protect your home and your family , and there 's very little argument about that . " It gets trickier when we start talking about so-called "  stand your ground " laws which exist in more than 20 states . Those laws extend the castle principle so that if you are legally in some place -- a parking lot , a mall , a football stadium -- it becomes like your home . Accordingly , if someone attempts to attack you there , once again you are free to fight back and are under no compunction to attempt to avoid the conflict . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder finds such laws troubling , saying they "  senselessly expand the concept of self-defense and sow dangerous conflict in our neighborhoods . These laws try to fix something that was never broken . " But if self-defense laws have never been broken , many legal analysts have long noted that they can certainly be bent . Rob a bank , steal a car , set fire to a house and authorities usually do n't much care how you feel about the crime . But self-defense cases are all about feelings . Why did the person feel afraid ? Was that fear justified ? Was the response warranted ? NeJame says that is where the slope gets slippery . "  The standard is generally what a reasonable person would do under the circumstances and do you reasonably fear death or bodily injury ? That 's a very subjective standard . It 's not an objective standard . We 're all human beings . Everyone is going to perceive something differently . " The Zimmerman case illustrates his point perfectly . Many African-American trial watchers had no trouble seeing Zimmerman -- trailing after Martin with his cell phone on a rainy night -- as the aggressor . That interpretation makes sense if you frame it with a long history of black people feeling unfairly targeted by police , security guards and others . As President Barack Obama put it Friday , "  I do n't want to exaggerate this , but those sets of experiences inform how the African-American community interprets what happened one night in Florida . " Many whites , however , have enjoyed a different relationship with the police and saw Martin as an architect of his own violent end . They asked : Why did n't he call the police if he felt threatened ? Why did n't he ask Zimmerman if something was wrong and explain where he was going ? Everyone who watched the trial saw the same facts and heard the same witnesses , but like characters in the old Japanese film "  Rashomon " they came away with different stories . Grappling with such vagaries is the challenge in a great many self-defense cases . To be sure , sometimes cases in which people are purportedly protecting themselves or their property are easy to sort out . Protesters stand up to ` stand your ground , ' but laws likely here to stay Just this past week in Milwaukee , 76-year-old John Spooner , who is white , faced charges that he killed a 13-year-old neighbor who was black . Spooner accused Darius Simmons of burglarizing his home , and two days later accosted the young man as he retrieved his family 's trash cans from the curb . On a surveillance tape , Spooner is seen emerging from his house with a pistol in hand , waving the weapon at Simmons , and ultimately shooting him at a distance of five or six feet . The boy , who offered no visible signs of resistance during the entire confrontation , died on the street in his mother 's arms . Spooner 's lawyers argued that their client suffers from mental illness , saying "  He did n't appreciate the wrongfulness of what he was doing " as he railed about his property . The court did not buy it , and Spooner was convicted . But so many other matters of self or property defense involve difficult , complicated questions . Was the defendant previously assaulted and thereby living in a state of heightened alarm ? Was he or she a naturally excitable or nervous type ? Did something else happen near the same time or in close proximity to the final incident that might have spurred an excessive reaction ? "  We have to defend ourselves if someone is truly coming after us , " NeJame says . "  The last thing anyone wants to do is put themselves , their home or their family at risk . On the other hand , we need to make it so that we do n't have a trigger-happy society . " All of that means in the end , as much as people may want to find a perfect parallel to the Zimmerman case ; a "  gotcha " verdict from some other place in which a black man is convicted for doing just what Zimmerman did , it is unlikely . Because self-defense cases that look alike from a distance on a dark evening , may be substantially different when the details and defendants are dragged into the light of day .	Arizona fatal shooting raises questions of self-defense It has drawn parallels to Zimmerman case But varying circumstances can make comparisons difficult
CNN  Korea 's buddae-jjigae -- or "  army stew " as it 's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations . While jiigae can refer to any variety of stews , this particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned , precooked meat , most notably SPAM in all its glazed and gelatinous glory . "  It 's , in fact , a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness , " Anthony Bourdain says of the dish during the premiere episode of "  Parts Unknown " on Sunday , April 26 , at 9 p.m. ET/PT . The host of CNN 's "  Parts Unknown " recently stopped by Anderson Cooper 's kitchen to cook up the spicy and funky stew , and talk about his 24 intoxicating hours in the country 's capital of Seoul . So , it 's probably a good thing budda-jiigae is also a storied hangover cure . Budae-jjigae Serves 2-4 Courtesy of Choi Ji-hwang Ingredients : 1 12-oz can of Spam , cut into 1/2 - inch slices 1 1/2 cups tong baechu kimchi , or traditional fermented cabbage  can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store 8 oz . sliced Korean rice cakes  can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store 1 white onion , thinly sliced 2 spring onions , thinly sliced 5 garlic cloves , crushed 3 hot dogs , thinly sliced 8 oz . ground pork 3 tablespoons soy sauce 2 tablespoons gochujang , or hot pepper paste  can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store 3 tablespoons gochukaru , or hot pepper flakes  can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store 3 tablespoons cheongju , or a clear rice wine similar to sake 3 cups anchovy kelp broth  recipe below 3 tablespoons baked beans 1 1/2 cups water 1 package ramen noodles  just the noodles For the anchovy kelp broth : 1 dried shiitake mushroom 4 large dried anchovies , heads and guts removed , wrapped in cheesecloth 1 5x3 " sheet of dried , edible kelp or kombu  can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store 4 cups water 1/2 teaspoon salt Cooking instructions : 1 . Place the ingredients for the anchovy broth in a pot and simmer for 20-30 minutes until the flavors are fully infused . Strain and set aside . 2 . Place the Spam , kimchi , rice cakes , onions , garlic , hot dogs and ground pork in small separate piles in the bottom of a shallow pot . 3 . Add the soy , gochujang , gochukaru and cheongju to the pot and slowly pour the anchovy kelp broth in . Put the baked beans on top and add the water . Place pot over high heat and bring contents to a steady simmer . 4 . Cook for 5-10 minutes , then add the ramen noodles . Ladle broth over the noodles to help them break apart . Continue to cook for 2-3 minutes until noodles are just about cooked through , but definitely still chewy . Serve with steamed rice or enjoy on its own .	Anthony Bourdain teaches Anderson Cooper a Korean recipe Budae-jiigae is a stew made with all sorts of canned meat , including Spam
CNN  -- When Tiger Woods ended his 30-month wait for a PGA Tour title in March , the golf world was excited by the prospect of the 14-time major champion blitzing the Masters field on his old stomping ground at Augusta . He did n't . He flopped , finishing tied for 40th . Woods then missed the cut at Quail Hollow and shared 40th at the Players Championship . So what can we expect at next week 's U.S. Open , where he has already been installed as the oddsmakers ' favorite after thrilling fans with his 73rd PGA Tour title on Sunday , chipping in with one of the best shots of his career ? "  The timing could n't have been better , it means a lot for him to win in front of his hero Jack Nicklaus , " says Golf.com deputy editor David Dusek . "  If he plays at that level , if he 's able to hit fairways and find the putting stroke that he showed in Ohio , then Tiger Woods is definitely going to be one of the contenders at the U.S. Open . " That can only be good for golf . The PGA Tour 's broadcaster CBS Sports reported that Sunday 's ratings increased 138 % from last year , being the event 's best result since 2004 . The season 's second major will be held at the Olympic Club in San Francisco , where Woods revealed he practiced the week before going to Nicklaus ' Memorial Tournament . "  I hit the ball well there . I said , ` Hey , that 's as good a prep as any for this event , if I can hit the ball well there . ' I just basically carried that into this event and hit it great all week . " Woods acknowledged that his victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational had covered up some of the deficiencies in his game before the Masters as he was still coming to terms with his new swing . "  At Bay Hill I played well on that Sunday , but I just did n't quite have the control I did here . That was different . I 'm able to hit the ball , I think , compressing it higher than I did at Bay Hill , " he told reporters . "  I was comfortable hitting it down , uncomfortable hitting it up . As I said at Augusta to you guys , I got exposed , was n't able to get the ball up in the air comfortably , and it showed . "  I went to work on it for the next few weeks , and I finally got it . It came around here when I needed it . This is a high-ball golf course . You 've got to get the ball up in the air and you 've got to land it soft , and I did it . " While the technique being instilled by coach Sean Foley is finally paying off for Woods , Dusek says more importantly the 36-year-old is rediscovering the "  X-Factor " that made him the world 's best-paid athlete . "  He 's got his putter going a little bit , he was hitting fairways , and as we saw with that shot on 16 it would be appear that there 's a level of magic surrounding this guy that he 's able to summon . Not as consistently as he used to , but it 's still there , " Dusek told CNN . "  Obviously the technique has to be there , he has to put the club face on the ball and to execute his shot , but golf probably more than any other sport relies on the proverbial 15th club -- which is the confidence between your ears that you can pull this off . "  Tiger Woods obviously has a lot of confidence right now , and he should -- there 's only a couple of other players on the U.S. PGA Tour this season who have two wins , and he 's one of them along with Jason Dufner and Hunter Mahan . " Dusek believes that the way is clear for Woods to win his first major title since 2008 , when he famously triumphed at the U.S. Open in a playoff despite suffering a serious knee injury that would sideline him for the rest of that year . "  We 've seen Rory McIlroy miss three straight cuts , we 've seen  world No. 1  Luke Donald not really be much of a factor , and  five-time U.S. Open runner-up  Phil Mickelson having to pull out  at Memorial  citing fatigue , " Dusek said . "  Tiger Woods then wins his 73rd championship and it 's so tantalizing a story that leading up to the U.S. Open next week that his form once again seems to be ramping up . " The tournament was last held at Olympic Club in 1998 , when a 23-year-old Woods tied for 18th . "  It 's way different than in ' 98 . They 've added some serious length there , " he said . "  We were hitting different clubs off the tees and different sight lines , and they 've shifted a couple of the fairways over , and all new green complexes . You know , my book is useless from ' 98 . " So what does Woods think -- is he really back ? "  I 'll just keep going , keep working on it . This is a process , and I 'm just trying to get better . "	Tiger Woods is favorite to win the U.S. Open starting next week in San Francisco Former world No. 1 tied Jack Nicklaus on 73 PGA Tour victories on Sunday Golf journalist says Woods has run into form at just the right time Woods says his practice at U.S. Open 's Olympic venue set him up for victory
CNN  -- The U.S. Secretary of Defense says any agreement reached that keeps American troops in Iraq past an end-of-the-year deadline to withdraw must include immunity from Iraqi prosecution . "  If they want the benefits of what we can provide , if they want the assistance , if they want the training , if they want the operational skills that we can provide , then I think they have to understand that they 've got to give us some protections in that process , " Leon Panetta told sailors Friday during a visit to Naples , Italy , home of the U.S. 6th Fleet . Panetta 's statement follows news this week that Iraq 's top political leadership agreed that a number of American troops should remain in the country to aid in training and security , though said it was "  unnecessary " to grant U.S. forces legal immunity . Panetta made the comments while answering a question from a sailor , who inquired about Iraq refusing to grant legal immunity to American forces and what it might mean for the future role of the U.S. military in Iraq . "  This is obviously a very pertinent question right now as we try to deal with the issue of whether or not we 'll have a future presence in Iraq , " Panetta said , according to a transcript released by the Department of Defense . The defense secretary said negotiations were ongoing between Iraq 's political leadership , U.S. Ambassador James F. Jeffrey and Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III , commander of U.S. forces in Iraq . Panetta said the meetings include discussions about what are the rights of American troops and what will be required in order for those troops to assist Iraqi forces in the future . "  If you 're going to play a large role in dealing with another country where it requires , as I said , a large group of troops to be on the ground and to be dealing with that country , I want to make damn sure that you 're protected , " Panetta told the sailors . The U.S. has grown increasingly frustrated with the pace of the negotiations , which have dragged well past an Iraqi self-imposed August deadline to decide whether to keep troops . The negotiations have been strained following WikiLeaks ' release of a diplomatic cable that alleged Iraqi civilians , including children , were killed in a 2006 raid by American troops rather than in an airstrike as initially reported by the U.S. military . The Pentagon dismissed the cable from U.N. investigator Philip Alston to U.S. officials , saying it had investigated the claims and found there was no merit . Shortly after the WikiLeaks cable gained attention in news reports in September by McClatchy Newspapers , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki ordered an investigation into the deaths outside of Tikrit . U.S. officials have long said they believe Iraq may need help with training , counterterrorism , air defense , command and control and intelligence operations . Any U.S. troops remaining to do those jobs might also need additional security forces . The prospect of U.S. troops staying beyond the end of the year sits uncomfortably with many Iraqis , who have routinely questioned American motives following the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein . Radical anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , whose Sadrist political party is closely aligned with al-Maliki , has vowed to escalate armed resistance if the U.S. military does not leave as scheduled , a move that could destabilize the country should his militia repeat the bloody battles it waged against American and Iraqi forces during the height of violence . Gen. Raymond Odierno , the new Army Chief of Staff , said last month there would be risks in leaving a large force of U.S. troops in Iraq . A large U.S. force , he said , could provoke new claims of U.S. occupation and distract from efforts to develop the Iraqi military 's abilities . He would not comment directly on reports that the White House administration had decided to leave between 3,000 and 5,000 troops , should they be requested by Iraq . Odierno , who served as the top U.S. commander in Iraq , said training of Iraqi security forces was not complete . "  We need to probably be there to assist them at certain levels for a while , " he said last month in a question-and-answer session with journalists at the Pentagon . Panetta 's visit to the Naples base was part of a trip that has taken him to Israel , Egypt and Belgium , where he met with NATO officials . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Defense Secretary Leon Panetta says negotiations to keep U.S. troops in Iraq is ongoing Iraq 's leadership has agreed to keep American forces in Iraq , but wo n't grant legal immunity Panetta says any agreement must include legal protections for U.S. troops Panetta made the comments during a meeting with American sailors in Naples , Italy
Perth , Australia  CNN  -- "  I 'm an engineer , so we do n't talk emotions too much . " Those were the words of Capt. Mark Matthews of the U.S. Navy shortly after the Australian Defense vessel Ocean Shield had discovered a series of pings in the southern Indian Ocean . Perhaps he did n't want to discuss his feelings . But he had a twinkle in his eye , a bit of what he called "  cautious optimism . " I 've seen that same glimmer shining through on the faces of dozens of others involved in the arduous search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . It 's been there through each new lead , and even through some of the setbacks . The search for the missing Boeing 777 has gone on for eight weeks now . We 've all had to learn a new technical language : from Inmarsat satellite data and the "  Doppler Effect , " to the TPL-25 and Bluefin-21 . We 've heard countless theories about where the plane might have gone and who might have been flying it . Both the science and the science fiction have , at times , almost drowned out what this search is about at its core : solving the mystery of what happened to the 239 men , women , and children who were on board MH370 . Closure It takes people to find clues and to follow the trail of where they lead . People who are working tirelessly across borders and time zones , putting their lives on hold with the aim of bringing even the smallest bit of closure to the families of those who have been lost , and to prevent their nightmare from ever happening again . Some , like Capt. Matthews , might humbly say that they 're just doing their jobs . Others remain anonymous , like the international team in Kuala Lumpur , who did much to give the search a tangible focus , even if that focus has shifted several times . I 've been covering the missing flight for CNN for more than 50 days in Malaysia and Australia . I ca n't pretend that what I do compares with the dedication of the hundreds of service members from China to New Zealand , who have flown tirelessly day after day over millions of square kilometers of the Indian Ocean . I ca n't pretend that I understand the pain of Selamat Omar , who lost his 29-year-old son , or Danica Weeks , whose husband , Paul , disappeared on the way to start a new job in Mongolia . But as a journalist , I 've felt at least a small part of their confusion and frustration . I recall the difficulty in getting a candid response from Malaysian authorities in the early days of the search -- the way they sidestepped almost all tough questions during that first week after the plane vanished . I remember the Chinese family members who were brave enough to try to take their quest for answers public and were dragged out of the press room in Kuala Lumpur , screaming and crying . Thinking about their grief , the expressions on their faces that afternoon , still hits me hard . Human spirit There have also been moments that have made me proud to be telling this story -- moments that have to do with the human spirit . The card from a 7-year-old on the Wall of Hope inside Kuala Lumpur International Airport , which said she was ready to greet the MH370 passengers as soon as they landed safely . The moment I saw the pinger locator and Bluefin-21 robotic submarine on the dock at Garden Island in Western Australia , I felt a sense of awe and honor standing just steps away from keys that still have the potential to unlock this puzzle . And the moment search chief Angus Houston told the world "  I 'm now optimistic that we will find the aircraft ... in the not too distant future . But we have n't found it yet because this is a very challenging business . " A voice of reassurance and reason , even if the challenge soon outweighed the optimism . Over the past eight weeks , I 've witnessed something . It 's called hope . It was in the words of the housekeeper who answered the front door at Captain Zaharie 's house in the Kuala Lumpur suburbs . It was in in the wake of the Ocean Shield as it pulled away from the dock at Stirling Naval Base and made speed for the search area . It was there when I sat a few feet away from the Malaysia Airlines CEO on Day 4 , and it was there when I spoke to Captain Matthews around Day 44 . Just a few days ago , I felt it again , when I returned to Pearce Air Force Base outside Perth . As I stepped onto the tarmac , I recalled the first time I 'd done so , more than a month earlier , to welcome back one of our reporters after she 'd taken part in an 11-hour search flight . Solving the mystery Almost 350 flights later , the massive air search was over with no trace of MH370 . Planes from seven countries were lined up in formation at Pearce . Flight crews from Australia to Malaysia to South Korea traded stories , reflecting on the moments behind them , before pausing to recognize the task that still lies ahead . I remember what a young American pilot who flew on the P8 Poseidon search plane told me : that his greatest disappointment after weeks of looking out over the vast open ocean was not being able to give the families what they needed the most . And that if he could continue the search , he would , until the day he found something . After all these weeks , it 's a feeling that remains strong as ever -- the hope and the belief that we may eventually be able to solve this mystery , and that the families of 239 passengers and crew will one day have the answer to a crucial question : Why ?	The search for the missing Boeing 777 has gone on for eight weeks now No closer to solving mystery of what happened to the 239 men , women , and children Despite frustration , searchers remain determined to bring closure to relatives of passengers
When Leopoldo Lopez turned himself in to authorities this week , he did it on his terms -- and not before climbing onto a statue of a Cuban national hero to deliver a passionate message to hordes of his supporters gathered at a square in the eastern Caracas neighborhood of Chacaito . Lopez , 42 , a former mayor and presidential candidate , had planned the event in advance , making extensive use of social media to summon his supporters to Brion Square . He went into hiding last week after the government of President Nicolas Maduro accused him of terrorism and murder and blamed him for inciting anti-government protests throughout Venezuela . The protests have so far left several people dead and countless injured . Venezuela : What 's the crisis about ? After staying in a secret location for days , Lopez announced to Venezuelans , and the world , that after talking it over with his family , he would turn himself in . That announcement came via a YouTube video . At the square , Lopez used a megaphone . "  The options I had were leave the country , and I will never leave Venezuela ! " he said to loud cheers and widespread applause as he stood on the statue of Jose Marti . Searching for truth in Venezuela "  The other option was to remain in hiding , but that option could 've left doubt among some , including some who are here , and we do n't have anything to hide . " What you need to know about Venezuela Later that night , his wife , Lilian Tintori , told CNN that Lopez was in good spirits behind bars . "  The last thing he told me was do n't forget why this is happening , do n't forget why he 's going to jail . He 's asking for the liberation of political prisoners and students and an end to repression and violence , " Tintori said . Lopez , a fiery speaker and charismatic leader , has long been a threat to the socialists in power in Venezuela . Back in 2008 , the government of then-President Hugo Chavez banned him from running for public office , accusing him of corruption and misuse of public funds . Lopez countered that it was all political retribution and that he had nothing to hide . He took his case all the way to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights , where he was cleared three years later . Political roots Politics runs in Lopez 's veins . He 's the great-great-grandson of Venezuela 's first President and he also claims to be a descendant of Simon Bolivar , the South American liberator who , ironically , is revered by socialists in power , including Maduro . Lopez was elected mayor of Chacao when he was only 29 years old and was reelected with 81 % of the vote four years later . After being cleared of all corruption charges in September 2011 , he launched his presidential candidacy . In January of the following year , he chose to forge an alliance to unify the opposition , instead of running . He threw his support behind Henrique Capriles , another popular opposition leader , who narrowly lost to Chavez in October 2012 . Lopez comes from a well-to-do family in Venezuela . He attended The Hun School of Princeton , a private boarding school , and graduated in 1989 . He then attended Kenyon College in Ohio , where he graduated with honors , receiving a degree in sociology . Lopez completed his education at Harvard University 's School of Government and earned a master 's degree . Upon his return to Venezuela , he worked as an economic consultant and an economics professor at the Universidad Catolica Andres Bello , before jumping into politics in 1999 . A magnetic personality HLN Anchor Susan Hendricks , a close friend of Lopez 's in high school , says the opposition leader had the kind of personality that drew people to him . "  He was a hit with the ladies , but he would n't even know  it  , " Hendricks said . "  He was very modest . " Hendricks says her heart broke when she learned he was in custody , but she is not surprised that he turned himself in . "  I 've been tweeting and texting with people that are very good friends with him up until this day , have spoken with him about a month ago , and he said , ' I will not leave Venezuela , ' " Hendricks said . In a late-night hearing Wednesday , Venezuelan prosecutors formally charged Lopez with arson and conspiracy but dropped more serious charges of murder and terrorism . Conspiracy charges in Venezuela are punishable by up to 10 years in prison . Now the good-looking , easygoing star student is in jail at the military complex known as Ramo Verde in the municipality of Los Teques , Miranda state . Lopez 's future seems uncertain at best . But family members say they 're standing behind his decision to turn himself in . "  Manuela , my daughter , who 's 4 years old , asked me about it , " said Tintori , Lopez 's wife . "  I told her , ` Manuela , he 's working for Venezuela . ' Because Leopoldo , wherever he is , in jail tonight , he 's going to be working for us and thinking of us . He 's going to keep on dreaming about a better Venezuela , as he always does . "	Leopoldo Lopez has long been a threat to socialists in Venezuela In 2008 , President Hugo Chavez 's government banned him from seeking public office Lopez turned him in this week after the government accused of him terrorism , murder Prosecutors formally charged him with arson and conspiracy ; dropped more serious charges
CNN  -- More than 30 arrests have been made in the diamond heist last February at Brussels Airport and some of the stolen diamonds have been recovered , a spokesman for the Brussels prosecutor 's office said Wednesday . Police arrested 24 people Tuesday in Belgium , eight in Switzerland , and one in France , said Jean-Marc Meilleur , the office 's spokesman . Police in Belgium raided about 40 houses in Brussels on Wednesday . Authorities discovered some of the stolen diamonds in Switzerland , and money in Belgium , Switzerland and France , Meilleur said . Luxury cars were seized in Belgium , he said . Read more : Security questions at Brussels airport after $ 50 million diamond heist At this point , all those arrested are being questioned by the police locally , he said . The slick theft of $ 50 million in rough and polished diamonds in a dramatic heist grabbed the headlines in February . Authorities said then that eight masked , heavily armed men in clothing resembling police uniforms had burst through a hole in the perimeter fence onto the airport tarmac in two vehicles . The men swiftly removed the diamonds from the hold of a Zurich-bound aircraft before speeding off the way they came . Read more : Diamond heists are forever While no one was hurt , the pilot , co-pilot and a transport security guard were all threatened at gunpoint , the Brussels prosecutor said . Antwerp , the city known as the world 's diamond-cutting capital , lies only about 25 miles away from Brussels . Read more : Drag queens , fake beards and chocolates : Notable diamond heists	Police arrest 33 suspects in connection with a diamond heist at Brussels Airport People are detained in Belgium , Switzerland and France , Brussels prosecutor 's office says $ 50 million in rough and polished diamonds was stolen in the heist in February
CNN  -- The man who shot three women dead in a Pennsylvania gym before killing himself this week posted at least two videos on YouTube last year , apparently referring to a desire for a girlfriend in both . George Sodini addresses the camera in his basement in one of his YouTube videos . George Sodini , 48 , gave a tour of his house in one clip , his camera briefly panning across a book called "  Date Young Women " in his living room . "  The couch and chairs , they match . The woman will really be impressed , " he says just before showing the book . In the bedroom , he says , "  It looks pretty clean . I 'm sure she 'll be impressed . " It is not clear whether he is speaking about a particular person . He speaks directly to the camera in the second video , posted four months later . "  It is easy for me to hide from my emotions for one more day , " he says , speaking to a mirror in his basement . "  Take a long drive in a car , listen to some music , daydream or just do some mundane task around the house that really does n't need to be done that 's not too important . And there you go , one more day , and one more day turns into one more year . " Watch some of the shooter 's videos " Sodini walked into a gym aerobics class and began shooting about 8 p.m. Tuesday , killing three women and wounding nine others before turning the gun on himself . He "  just had a lot of hatred in him , " Allegheny County police superintendent Charles Moffatt said Wednesday . He brought four handguns into the LA Fitness gym outside Pittsburgh and used three of them , firing at least 36 times , Moffatt said . Those killed were identified by the county 's medical examiner as Heidi Overmier , 46 , of Carnegie , Pennsylvania ; Elizabeth Gannon , 49 , of Pittsburgh ; and Jody Billingsley , 38 , of Mount Lebanon . Authorities think Sodini targeted the aerobics class specifically , as a schedule was found in his home with that class circled , Moffatt said . But police do not believe that he targeted anyone personally . Rather , because of an online diary he left , as well as notes at the scene and at his home , they think he was targeting women in general . In the note left at the scene in Sodini 's gym bag , Moffatt said , he complains that he had never spent a weekend with a woman , never vacationed with a woman and never lived with a woman , and that he had had limited sexual experiences . He makes similar complaints in his blog , which also documents his growing rage at women for their rejection of him and at the world he felt had abandoned him . Sodini , a member of the gym , was found dead in the aerobics room of the gym , lying on top of one of his guns about 7 feet from one of the victims . He had worked as a systems analyst in the finance department of K&L Gates , a law firm with an office in Pittsburgh , since 1999 , said Mike Rick , a spokesman for the firm . Neighbors described him as reclusive and said he had stopped talking to them in the past few years . Sodini apparently had "  practice runs " before the shooting Tuesday , Moffatt said . Someone at the gym had showed him how to shut off the lights , he said , not knowing of his plans . "  He was hell bent on committing this act , " Moffatt said . Three of the four guns found with Sodini were traced back to him , and authorities are in the process of tracing the fourth , Moffatt said . They were two 9 mm semiautomatics , a .45 - caliber revolver and a .38 in his pocket . Sodini also had 30-round ammunition clips that were illegal before the assault weapons ban was lifted in 2004 , police said . On Tuesday , Sodini visited the gym three times : the first about 11 a.m. , a second time at 7:40 p.m. and a third time at 7:56 p.m. , Moffatt said . Members of the gym are required to swipe a card to check in but do not have to check out , he said . The first 911 call was dispatched at 8:16 p.m. However , police know that Sodini made a telephone call at 7:45 p.m. and think he may have left the gym to make it . Authorities are attempting to find the person he contacted , Moffatt said . Witnesses said he was dressed in black when he entered the class , shut off the lights , walked about 10 feet and began shooting . Mary Primis , 26 , an aerobics instructor who is pregnant , was shot twice . "  I remember thinking I wanted to hold my breath because I was afraid , if he saw that I was breathing , he would shoot again , " she told CNN affiliate WPXI from her hospital bed . Asked whether she thought she was going to die , she said , "  I was n't sure . " Her husband , Alex Primis , told WPXI that she was shot once in the left shoulder and again through the back of her shoulder blade . Sodini did not mention killing himself in the note found at the scene , which was mostly typed with handwritten notations , but did mention it in a handwritten note found at his home , Moffatt said . Police seized Sodini 's car for processing ; no guns were found in it , he said . They also seized his computer and were examining it . Moffatt said he believed that none of the shooting victims who remained hospitalized Wednesday had life-threatening wounds . County officials said counselors were being made available to area residents in the wake of the shooting . Police spoke to a pastor mentioned on Sodini 's online diary . The man said that Sodini had attended his church but stopped in 2006 and that there was a minor incident involving a woman who felt "  he was paying too much attention to her , " Moffatt said . The pastor spoke to Sodini , and it stopped , he said . Moffatt said police have no knowledge of any mental health issues involving Sodini but are still puzzled at the violence . "  I ca n't ever make sense of murders , " he said . CNN Correspondent Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	"  The woman will really be impressed , " he says over video of living room "  It is easy for me to hide from my emotions , " he says in another video He killed three women , himself in Pennsylvania gym this week Note , blog detail complaints against women , who he felt rejected him
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The death toll from an explosion at a factory in eastern China now stands at 10 people , state-run Xinhua news agency said , citing a casualty count from local government officials . At a news conference , officials in the city of Nanjing told reporters that more than 120 people had been hospitalized after a blast ripped through an abandoned plastics factory Wednesday morning . Fourteen of those hospitalized were critically injured , officials said . Workers were dismantling the factory when the explosion occurred . A statement from the state Administration of Work Safety said the explosion came when a motorist started a car engine and ignited leaking gas . The administration says the gas leak occurred after a propylene pipeline was damaged by heavy machinery used to dismantle factory buildings . The damaged pipeline that had been funneling propylene to the factory has been shut down , it said . According to Xinhua , the rescue headquarters says an excavator owned by Yangzhou Hongyuan Construction and Development Co. , Ltd. hit the pipeline . The news agency also reports that the excavator operator has been held by police for questioning .	NEW : The death toll rises in a factory explosion NEW : More than 120 people are hospitalized , 14 are critically injured NEW : Xinhua reports police are holding a worker for investigation
CNN  -- America is a lucky nation . When the country was about to plunge into an economic depression , the head of the central bank was a man who had dedicated his life to studying how to prevent a recurrence of the Great Depression . And now that Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is stepping aside , the economist nominated to succeed him , Janet Yellen , is once again exactly the right person for the challenges of the moment . Yellen , not much more than 5 feet tall , is a towering intellect who commands respect from those who understand the intricacies of monetary policy and can explain them to those of more modest intellectual gifts , a skill that will prove useful when she faces confirmation in the Senate . She will become the first woman to lead America 's central bank ; an apt way to mark the 100th anniversary of the Federal Reserve . She will also become the world 's most powerful woman . If confirmed , Yellen will likely introduce meaningful , if very subtle , changes to the job . Under the outgoing chairman , the Fed applied innovative and aggressive policies , flooding the financial system by adding trillions of dollars to the central bank 's balance sheet and bringing interest rates down to nearly zero to keep the economy from sinking . The worst of that crisis is now over -- unless Congress sends the economy into the abyss . The Fed now confronts two very different challenges . First , how and when to bring interest rates back to more normal levels without triggering a new recession -- the dreaded "  taper . " Second , what , if anything , to do about America 's stubborn unemployment rate , which remains at historically high levels . Yellen has a history of voting in line with Bernanke . She is not about to bring any sudden changes to monetary policy . But she has a track record , evidenced by her many academic writings and speeches , that emphasizes the need to create conditions that stimulate employment . Unusual for an economist of her caliber , she has not drifted away into the abstractions of economic analysis and statistics ; she has kept her eyes on what 's critical -- the people . Her research has centered on unemployment , on the best way to modulate government policies to benefit the people . "  Long term unemployment , " she told an audience earlier this year , "  is devastating to workers and their families . " With inflation under control and unemployment still high , she said , "  it is entirely appropriate for progress in attaining maximum employment to take center stage . " Those views will influence her work as Fed chairwoman . The Fed has two tasks -- to fight inflation and promote economic growth , including employment . The two are sometimes seen as conflicting with one another . To fight inflation , the Fed usually raises rates . But raising rates tends to depress economic activity . In balancing the two tasks , Yellen will tilt slightly in favor of employment . That means she is more likely to leave interest rates at low levels until unemployment lessens . Yellen 's resume is impeccable . She chaired President Clinton 's Council of Economic Advisers , served on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors , taught at Harvard , and was president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco . When she went home after work , her mind was not exactly at rest . She shared her evenings with her husband , George Akerlof , a Nobel-winning economist , described by some simply as "  a genius . " He is such a luminary that when she was a professor at the London School of Economics , her former colleagues now admit that they mostly thought of her as Akerlof 's wife . In the 1990s , she successfully persuaded then-Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan that zero inflation would be harmful to the economy . To this day , Greenspan has only the highest praise for her rigorous intellectual analysis and powers of persuasion . Her emphasis on employment qualifies her as an inflation "  dove " and some critics worry that she will let her guard down if inflation resurfaces . But she has been sharply critical of Fed policies that allowed inflation to rise decades ago , vowing the Fed should never let that happen again . The country might be in better shape today if policymakers had listened to her more carefully . In late 2007 she warned that the economy was about to take a hard fall . Now she has been ranked the best forecaster among all of the Fed 's luminaries , and possibly the most qualified Fed chair in history . When the time comes to start raising interest rates , the country will be in good hands . Yellen has said that she plans to go slowly , carefully and in creative ways . She revealed some of her ideas a few months ago , speaking of a plan to raise rates "  in a way that 's novel , that we have n't tried in the past . " Essentially , hike the rates the Fed pays to banks in order to gently boost rates across the economy . Yellen is so clearly the right person for the job that it is disappointing the White House handled the entire process in such an undignified way . Traditionally , the selection of the Fed chief has not been subjected to political winds . But the White House let it be known that its first choice for the post was the controversial economist Larry Summers . The trial balloon hissed noisily before it came crashing down . Last month , Summers sent a letter to President Obama asking that his name be withdrawn from consideration in order to avoid an "  acrimonious " confirmation battle in Congress . The process was unnecessarily disrespectful to Summers and to Yellen . She should have been the president 's first and only choice . Lucky for America that the president came to his senses finally . Janet Yellen is about to become a superstar . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	President Obama nominated Janet Yellen to be the next head of the Federal Reserve Frida Ghitis : Yellen is exactly the right person for the challenges of our time She says Yellen will likely do more to reduce unemployment and promote growth Ghitis : As the first woman to lead America 's central bank , she 'll be a powerful force
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenya has finally struck oil after decades of exploration , the country 's president announced Monday . President Mwai Kibaki called the discovery a "  major breakthrough , " though it will take more than three years before the country can become an oil producer . "  This is the first time Kenya has made such a discovery and it is very good news for our country , " Kibaki said at a state function in Nairobi . British-based Tullow Oil said it established more than 20 meters  65 feet  of net oil pay , which refers to the depth of the oil reservoir . "  This is an excellent start to our major exploration campaign in the East African rift basins of Kenya and Ethiopia , " the company 's exploration director , Angus McCoss , said in a written statement . "  To make a good oil discovery in our first well is beyond our expectations and bodes well for the material program ahead of us . " Read more : Ghana 's oil discovery : blessing or curse ? The company said it plans to drill deeper and drill multiple other wells to seek more oil . Tullow said it discovered the oil well in Turkana County , in the northwestern part of the country near Uganda , where the company is already a major player in the country 's oil fields . Kenya is the second country , after Uganda , to have discovered oil in East Africa . Richard Leakey , a noted paleontologist and environmentalist , told CNN there could be significant benefits from the oil find . "  I have always thought there was oil there and I have encouraged the search for oil for the past 40 years because of our geological surveys , " said Leakey , who has been working in the Turkana region for four decades . "  In the end , I believe there will be a significant find . " See also : Concerns over South Africa fracking plans Leakey says will take five to 10 years for the oil find to benefit Kenyans . "  The hope is that Kenya wo n't squander the money before it has made anything , " he said . Kenya must now safeguard against oil spills and environmental pollution , he said , and make sure local people benefit . Tullow has more than 90 production and exploration licenses in 22 countries in Africa , Europe , South America and Asia . National Oil Corp. of Kenya has been directing the search of oil in the country since its began operating in 1984 , according to its website .	Kenya 's president calls it a ` major breakthrough ' British-based Tullow Oil said the find is beyond expectations Kenya is the second country in East Africa to have discovered oil
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- With his visit already bogged down in historical disputes , the pope 's message of peace in Gaza was interrupted Monday by an impromptu speaker who fueled the longtime resentment between Palestinians and Israelis . Pope Benedict XVI , left , with Israeli President Shimon Peres at Ben Gurion airport near Tel Aviv Monday . After Pope Benedict XVI , speaking to religious leaders during an interfaith discussion in Jerusalem , called for mutual understanding and cooperation in the tumultuous region , Taysir Tamimi , chief of Muslim Sharia courts in the West Bank and Gaza , commandeered the microphone and began to criticize Israel in Arabic . He was not scheduled to speak at the event at the Notre Dame of Jerusalem Center . The Israeli government condemned Tamimi 's remarks , in which he called on Muslims and Christians to work together against Israel . "  It is regrettable that -LSB- Tamimi -RSB- has abused an interreligious meeting aimed at promoting dialogue and understanding between Christians , Jews and Muslims , in order to incite against Israel , " a statement from the Foreign Ministry said . In his unscheduled remarks , Tamimi said , "  We struggle together and we suffer together from the injustice of the Israeli occupation and its oppressive practices , and we look forward to freedom and independence . " He also criticized Israel 's West Bank separation barrier as the "  racist wall , " saying it turned the Palestinian territory into "  a giant prison and keeps Muslims and Christians from praying in their churches and mosques . " "  His holiness the pope , I call on you in the name of the one God to condemn these crimes and pressure the Israeli government to stop its aggression against the Palestinian people , " Tamimi said . It was not clear whether the pope understood Tamimi 's comments , and he did not react . Some in the audience clapped but many appeared uncomfortable . The Latin patriarch , Fouad Twal , walked across the stage and tapped Tamimi on the hand as he implored him to stop . Tamimi finished the speech after 10 minutes and sat down . Tourism Minister Stas Misezhnikov , who oversaw the pontiff 's visit to Israel , said Tamimi 's words planted "  seeds of division " between Israelis and Palestinians , as well as between Jews , Muslims and Christians . "  The sheikh 's provocation hurt , first and foremost , Pope Benedict XVI , who came to the Holy Land to promote peace and unity between the peoples of the region and all persons of faith , " Misezhnikov said in a statement . The Rev. Gianni Caputa of Jerusalem 's Ratisbonne Monastery , who is involved in the church 's interfaith efforts , said "  It was shameful and disgraceful . Sheikh Tamimi betrayed the trust of the people who invited him to this gathering . " The Vatican offered a statement , saying Tamimi 's remarks were "  a direct negation " of the peaceful purpose of the dialogue . "  We hope that such an incident will not damage the mission of the pope aiming at promoting peace and also interreligious dialogue , as he has clearly affirmed in many occasions during this pilgrimage , " the Vatican said . During the discussion at the Jerusalem Center , the pope encouraged religious leaders to proclaim what their faiths have in common , "  since many are quick to point out the readily apparent differences between religions . " Earlier in the day , Pope Benedict gave a speech at the residence of Israeli President Shimon Peres , urging Israelis and Palestinians to find a "  just resolution " to their long-running conflict Monday as he arrived in Israel . "  I plead with all those responsible to explore every possible avenue , " the pope said , "  So that both peoples may live in peace in a homeland of their own , within secure and internationally recognized borders . " He cited the biblical prophet Isaiah on the meaning of "  security " -- a justification Israel often uses for its actions against Palestinians . "  Security -- ` batah ' -LSB- in Hebrew -RSB- -- arises from trust and refers not just to the absence of threat but also to the sentiment of calmness and confidence , " the pope said . And while Tamimi 's remarks immediately drew outrage in the region , problems plagued the pope 's visit even before the pontiff arrived in Jerusalem -- including an Israeli-Palestinian dispute over the location of the press center for the trip . Palestinian officials set up an alternative press center , arguing that the Jerusalem Municipal Building , the site of the official one , was linked to Israel 's policy of demolishing Palestinian homes built without permission in East Jerusalem . Both sides claim the neighborhood . Israeli police shut down the alternative press center , according to police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld , on the grounds that the Palestinian Authority was not allowed to host events in Jerusalem . Once in Israel , the pope managed to address another controversy from months before . He made a reference Monday to the Holocaust , an issue that made trouble for the Roman Catholic Church earlier this year when Benedict rehabilitated an excommunicated bishop who had disputed the number of Jews killed in concentration camps during World War II . His excommunication was unrelated to his Holocaust denial . "  It is right and fitting that during my stay in Israel that I will have the opportunity to honor the memory of the 6 million Jewish victims of the Shoah , " the pope said Monday , using the Hebrew word for the Holocaust . "  And to pray that humanity will never again witness a crime of such magnitude . " The pope said anti-Semitism is "  totally unacceptable " and pointedly rejected Holocaust denial as he visited Yad Vashem , Israel 's Holocaust memorial . He clutched a small cross and bowed his head in front of the eternal flame at the memorial , where he was accompanied by Peres and other dignitaries . Benedict arrived at Tel Aviv 's Ben Gurion airport as part of an eight-day trip that takes in places of unequaled religious resonance for the world 's 1.1 billion Catholics . It is the first papal visit to some of Christianity 's most holy places since Pope John Paul II made the pilgrimage in 2000 . His first stop in the region was Jordan , where he called for greater respect for women at a historic Mass in Amman on Sunday . CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Pope Benedict XVI , on his first visit to the Middle East , visits Israel Calls for peace in the Middle East , endorses two-state solution to Palestinian conflict Pope : Anti-Semitism is "  totally unacceptable , " Catholic Church rejects it Benedict 's visit includes Bethlehem , Nazareth , revered by world 's 1.1 billion Catholics
PARIS , France -- AC Milan 's Brazilian midfielder Kaka has been named European player of the year , lifting France Football 's Ballon d'Or award . Kaka has already claimed all of the game 's major prizes . His success comes two years after his fellow countryman , Barcelona 's Ronaldinho , claimed the award The 25-year-old Kaka was a major factor in AC Milan 's triumphant Champions League campaign . The runner-up was Manchester United 's Portuguese winger Cristiano Ronaldo with Barcelona 's Argentinian midfielder Lionel Messi finishing third . "  This is very special for me - it culminates an astonishing year for me , " Kaka said . "  It 's the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like AC Milan . It 's great to be part of a team that wins . " At 25 years old , he has already won all the game 's major prizes , individually and collectively . He was part of Brazil 's 2002 World Cup winning squad , although he was limited to just 19 minutes as a substitute against Costa Rica . He was top scorer in last season 's Champions League , helping Milan to avenge their loss to Liverpool in the 2005 final . He won the Italian domestic title in his first season at Milan having joined from Brazilians Sao Paulo for $ 8.5 million , a sum that Milan president Silvio Berlusconi then described as peanuts . E-mail to a friend	Brazilian Kaka is named European player of the year The AC Milan player is chosen ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester Utd Argentine Lionel Messi of Barcelona finishes third
CNN  HBO just whetted our appetite for a new season of "  True Detective . " The network released a teaser video for season 2 of the critically acclaimed show , and it looks intense . Colin Farrell , Vince Vaughn , Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star in the new season , which premieres June 21 . Here 's the plot synopsis , according to Den of Geek : "  A bizarre murder brings together three law-enforcement officers and a career criminal , each of whom must navigate a web of conspiracy and betrayal in the scorched landscapes of California . Colin Farrell is Ray Velcoro , a compromised detective in the all-industrial City of Vinci , LA County . Vince Vaughn plays Frank Semyon , a criminal and entrepreneur in danger of losing his life 's work , while his wife and closest ally  Kelly Reilly  , struggles with his choices and her own . Rachel McAdams is Ani Bezzerides , a Ventura County Sheriff 's detective often at odds with the system she serves , while Taylor Kitsch plays Paul Woodrugh , a war veteran and motorcycle cop for the California Highway Patrol who discovers a crime scene which triggers an investigation involving three law enforcement groups , multiple criminal collusions , and billions of dollars . " Yes , please . The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson as a pair of Louisiana State Police detectives investigating the death of a young woman . The crime drama proved to be a runaway hit , and the season 1 finale crashed the HBO Go site in March 2014 .	HBO released a teaser video for the new season , starting June 21 The series stars Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's reference to "  lipstick on a pig " has Republicans demanding an apology and Democrats accusing Sen. John McCain of a "  pathetic attempt " to play the gender card . Barack Obama used the "  lipstick " line at a campaign event in Lebanon , Virginia , on Tuesday . McCain 's campaign said Obama 's remarks were offensive and a slap at Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin -- despite the fact that the Arizona senator himself used the phrase last year to describe a policy proposal of Hillary Clinton 's . Obama shot back Wednesday and accused the McCain campaign of engaging in "  lies " and "  swift boat politics . " "  I do n't care what they say about me . But I love this country too much to let them take over another election with lies and phony outrage and swift boat politics , " he said in Norfolk , Virginia . "  Enough is enough . " Watch Obama deliver his harsh words " The phrase "  swift boat " comes from the 2004 presidential election , when the group "  Swift Boat Veterans for Truth " launched an attack ad campaign against Democratic candidate John Kerry . Read more about what Obama said Obama made his controversial "  lipstick " remarks at a Virginia campaign stop late Tuesday afternoon . Watch what happens with politics and lipstick collide " "  John McCain says he 's about change too , and so I guess his whole angle is , ` Watch out George Bush -- except for economic policy , health care policy , tax policy , education policy , foreign policy and Karl Rove-style politics -- we 're really going to shake things up in Washington , ' " he said . "  That 's not change . That 's just calling something the same thing something different . You know you can put lipstick on a pig , but it 's still a pig . You know you can wrap an old fish in a piece of paper called change , it 's still going to stink after eight years . We 've had enough of the same old thing . " Watch how tensions are rising on the trail " The crowd erupted in applause when Obama delivered the line . The Illinois senator then praised both McCain 's "  compelling story " and Palin 's "  interesting story , " and said his "  hat goes off " to anyone who 's looking after five kids -- "  I 've got two and they tire Michelle and me out . ... "  That 's why John McCain 's campaign manager -LSB- Rick Davis -RSB- said this campaign is n't going to be about issues , this campaign is going to be about personalities . " Within minutes , the McCain campaign announced a conference call focused on the remark , which they said was a deliberate reference to Palin 's line : "  You know the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull ? Lipstick . " Palin used the line in the opening remarks of her convention speech , and she frequently uses it on the campaign trail . In Iowa last October , McCain drew comparisons between Hillary Clinton 's current health care plan and the one she championed in 1993 : "  I think they put some lipstick on the pig , but it 's still a pig . " He used roughly the same line in May , after effectively claiming the Republican nomination . McCain spokesman Brian Rogers told CNN the campaign saw a "  big difference " between the two references : "  McCain was referring to a policy proposal . Obama was referring to -LSB- Alaska -RSB- Gov. Sarah Palin . It 's obviously disrespectful and offensive . ... "  Who has been talking about lipstick lately ? It was obvious . The crowd went crazy because of it . " It was n't the first time Obama used the line . In a phone interview with The Washington Post last September , he used it in reference to the situation in Iraq . "  I think that both Gen. -LSB- David -RSB- Petraeus and Ambassador -LSB- Ryan -RSB- Crocker are capable people who have been given an impossible assignment , " Obama told the Post . "  George Bush has given a mission to Gen. Petraeus , and he has done his best to try to figure out how to put lipstick on a pig . " Other politicians have also used the phrase in recent years , including Vice President Dick Cheney , Sen. Maria Cantwell of Washington state , Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma , Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , Rep. John Mica of Florida and Rep. Tom Tancredo of Colorado , among others . Torie Clarke , a former McCain adviser , even wrote a book called , "  Lipstick on a Pig : Winning In the No-Spin Era by Someone Who Knows the Game . " Still , the McCain campaign says Obama 's use was intentional , and they want an apology . "  Barack Obama 's comments today are offensive and disgraceful . He owes Gov. Palin an apology , " said Maria Comella , a McCain-Palin spokeswoman . Obama 's campaign said "  enough is enough " and accused McCain of running a "  dishonorable campaign . " "  The McCain campaign 's attack tonight is a pathetic attempt to play the gender card about the use of a common analogy -- the same analogy that Sen. McCain himself used about Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton 's health care plan just last year , " said Obama campaign senior adviser Anita Dunn . "  This phony lecture on gender sensitivity is the height of cynicism and lays bare the increasingly dishonorable campaign John McCain has chosen to run . " McCain ally Mike Huckabee took Obama 's side on the issue , saying he did n't think it was a swipe at Palin . "  It 's an old expression , and I 'm going to have to cut Obama some slack on that one . I do not think he was referring to Sarah Palin ; he did n't reference her . If you take the two sound bites together , it may sound like it , " he said on Fox 's "  Hannity and Colmes . " "  But I 've been a guy at the podium many times , and you say something that 's maybe a part of an old joke and then somebody ties it in . So , I 'm going to have to cut him slack . " But McCain 's campaign is not about to let the issue go . They released a Web ad Wednesday that plays Obama 's lipstick comments , then asks , "  Ready to lead ? No . Ready to smear ? Yes . " CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand , Sasha Johnson and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Barack Obama slams Republicans for "  lies " and "  swift boat politics " Obama said Tuesday "  You can put lipstick on a pig , but it 's still a pig " McCain camp says line was an attack on Palin ; Obama camp says it was not Many politicians have used the line ; former McCain adviser used it in her book title
In 2011 , Sen. Rand Paul told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that he would favor a halt of U.S. foreign aid , including assistance to Israel . In August , at the height of the recent Gaza conflict , the Kentucky Republican made headlines for declaring he never proposed ending aid to the country . Democrats and other critics seized on his sharp change in tune and blasted the likely presidential contender for flip-flopping . The criticism kicked off a wave of close scrutiny of Paul 's past statements . On Friday , Rand spoke with Blitzer again , saying he stands by what he told him in 2011 . "  Interestingly , they keep playing our interview , Wolf . So we had a great interview . But the interesting thing of it is I actually still do agree with what I told you . Ultimately , I think a country that 's $ 18 trillion in debt should not be borrowing money from China to send it to anyone , " he said . What Rand Paul thinks is the ` biggest mistake ' for GOP He 'd like to see an end to all foreign aid eventually , Paul said , reiterating a line he has used often . "  However , I think in the meantime ... I 've tried to put restrictions on foreign aid and I 've been unsuccessful . And so I 've come to the conclusion that maybe we should start by eliminating foreign aid from countries that burn our flag and hate us . And I think that would be a good place to start , " he said . Pressed on whether he would continue to aid Israel in the short term , Paul said , "  yes . " "  It 's an eventual goal , is to eliminate all aid , " he continued . "  But we have so many -- we have such a resistance in Congress to even attaching any restrictions that my goal since I 've been in Congress and the bills I 've introduced have been to place restrictions on countries that either hate us , burn our flag or persecute Christians or other religious minorities . " Rand Paul to CNN : ' I do n't want to create panic ' over Ebola Paul has said repeatedly that he 's considering a run for president in 2016 and plans to make his decision in the spring . Asked whether he thinks he 's qualified for the job , Paul said the next president needs to be somebody with "  wisdom , somebody who thinks about issues , who is n't entirely beholden to partisanship ... And we need somebody who ultimately , if they were in charge of our nuclear arsenal , would not be rash , reckless or eager for war . " "  And I think I do meet that criteria , " he said .	Rand Paul tell CNN he would ultimately favor ending all foreign aid , including to Israel . The Kentucky senator has faced criticism for saying he never made such a proposal .
CNN  -- The Kroger Co. is recalling select pet food packages from stores in 19 states fearing some of these products may contain aflatoxin , a toxic chemical byproduct that could be harmful to animals . The recall involves certain bags of Pet Pride Cat Food , Pet Pride Kitten Food , Old Yeller Chunk Dog Food , Kroger Value Cat Food and Kroger Value Chunk Food , the company said Saturday . The Kroger Co. urged customers to immediately consult with their veterinarian if their animals show any signs of sluggishness or lethargy combined with a reluctance to eat . A yellowish tint to the eyes or gums , severe blood or diarrhea are also warning signs , the company said . According to the Center for Disease Control  CDC  , Aflatoxin is a fungal toxin that contaminates maize and other types of crops during production , harvest storage or processing . The company has set up a Customer Recall Notification system to help customers determine whether they have purchased any of the contaminated products . Most of recalled products have an expiration date of October 23 and 24 , 2011 . States with Kroger-operated stores included in the recall are Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Nebraska , North Carolina , Ohio , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia and West Virginia .	The Kroger Co. fears some pet foods contaminated The contaminant is a fungal toxin introduced during production , harvest storage or processing Pet symptoms include sluggishness and loss of appetite
Contractors who helped develop the embattled HealthCare.gov website blame each other and the government , but not themselves , in testimony prepared for Thursday 's first congressional hearing on the problems engulfing the online enrollment system . House Energy and Commerce Committee members will grill officials from CGI Federal , Optum/QSSI , Equifax Workforce Solutions and Serco at the hearing to examine technological problems faced by people trying to buy health insurance under President Barack Obama 's signature reforms . Complaints of inability to log in , lengthy delays , incorrect information relayed to insurance companies and other problems have plagued the website since it opened to much fanfare on October 1 . White House video makes HealthCare.gov issues seem simple In the first detailed account of what happened , the prepared testimony describes a convoluted system of multiple companies designing parts of the website under oversight of the federal Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services , a part of the Department of Health and Human Services . According to the advance statements , the system had been tested as required but still buckled under an unanticipated flood of visitors when it opened . Cheryl Campbell , senior vice president at CGI Federal , will tell the panel that testing of the site met industry standards and "  passed eight required technical reviews prior to going live on October 1 , " according to her prepared testimony . Sebelius on the spot in Obamacare website fiasco "  Unfortunately , in systems this complex with so many concurrent users , it is not unusual to discover problems that need to be addressed once the software goes into a live production environment , " Campbell 's advance testimony says . "  This is true regardless of the level of formal end-to-end performance testing -- no amount of testing within reasonable time limits can adequately replicate a live environment of this nature , " she added . Campbell blames initial problems on the "  enterprise identity management " function known as EIDM that serves as the entry portal to the website . The EIDM tool designed by another contractor , which Campbell 's advance testimony does n't name , "  created a bottleneck that prevented the vast majority of users from accessing " Healthcare.gov when it opened , according to Campbell . Gupta : 5 surprises from Sebelius interview However , Andrew Slavitt of Optum , which designed the EIDM tool , says in his prepared testimony that an unexpected high volume of people registered at the start and overwhelmed the entry portal and other aspects of the website . He puts the blame on the government , saying : "  It appears that one of the reasons for the high concurrent volume at the registration system was a late decision requiring consumers to register for an account before they could browse for insurance products . " "  This may have driven higher simultaneous usage of the registration system that would n't have occurred if consumers could ` window shop ' anonymously , " Slavitt 's testimony says , adding that the EIDM tool was able to process the high volumes with low to zero error rates by October 8 . A third contractor , Equifax Workplace Solutions , says its role providing "  real time verification of income and employment " information submitted by applicants has worked properly , according to the advance testimony by its corporate counsel , Lynn Spellecy . Equifax conducted "  multiple load and stress tests " that showed it could process up to 120,000 verification requests per hour or more , which it estimated as more than any peak period would demand , Spellecy 's testimony says . Insurers pledge to help solve website problems Campbell also says in her prepared testimony that improvements to the EIDM tool have allowed more users to proceed to the website 's main function of providing a range of choices and information on available subsidies for them to choose health insurance required by law . "  More individuals have enrolled in qualified insurance plans ; however , the increased number of transactions ... have caused system performance issues  such as slow response times or data assurance issues  that now need to be addressed through tuning , optimization and application improvements , " her testimony says . The White House and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius make the same argument , saying the initial problems in accessing the website have eased . Sebelius : Website problems blindsided President Sebelius has brought in tech experts from Silicon Valley and elsewhere to work with the contractors on eliminating problems , with acting Office of Management and Budget Director Jeff Zients overseeing the effort . "  The work of constantly improving the website will continue day by day , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Wednesday . "  A week from now , it 's going to be better than it is today . " The Energy and Commerce Committee is n't the only one probing Obamacare in light of its issues . So , too , is the House Ways and Means Committee and the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . The latter sent an eight-page letter Wednesday night to 11 contracting firms involved in putting together HealthCare.gov giving them two days to provide documents , meeting lists and all communications with the Obama administration on the project , committee spokeswoman Caitlin Carroll said . The fact all three committees are in the same chamber -- which is led by Republicans -- is likely no coincidence . The GOP has and continues to be staunchly opposed to Obamacare , even trying unsuccessfully to make defunding or delaying it requirement before it would fund the government . The White House has been pushing back against not just Republicans , but some Democrats who have urged an extension of the open enrollment period beyond March 31 and/or a delay in penalties for those who do n't sign up for insurance on time because of the website issues . The Obama administration is moving to clarify confusion on when people need to sign up for health care , and it has plans to issue new guidelines to this point soon . Still , Health and Human Services spokeswoman Joanne Peters insisted "  the individual mandate timing " -- i.e. the requirement for a person to have insurance by March -- "  has not changed . ... It was true this morning . It is true tonight . " Pelosi pushes back on extending Obamacare deadline	A third House committee is investigating the HealthCare.gov website issues A House committee holds the first hearing on website problems Thursday Developers blame each other and the government , but not themselves A problem with the entry portal clogged up the system when it opened , they say
CNN  -- It did n't take Maria Sharapova long to find a new coach . Two days after announcing she was ending her successful three-year partnership with Thomas Hogstedt , Sharapova said former great Jimmy Connors will be Hogstedt 's successor . "  I have known Jimmy for many years and we briefly worked together in 2008 just before the Australian Open , " Sharapova told her website . "  I am really excited about our new partnership and looking forward to the upcoming tournaments . " The coaching shuffle comes about two weeks after the U.S.-based Russian was upset by qualifier Michelle Larcher de Brito in the second round at Wimbledon . "  Due to personal issues ,  Hogstedt  was not able to travel in the near future and we both agreed it was the right time to move our separate ways , " the world No. 2 had said . "  I am very thankful for all his work and wish him much success in the future . " Connors won eight grand slam titles . Like Sharapova , he was a steely competitor who never gave an inch . Some of his most memorable battles came against fellow American John McEnroe . Connors ' backhand is regarded as one of the best ever . When his playing days were over , Connors kept a relatively low profile and mostly stayed away from tennis circles . That changed when he decided to work with a slumping Andy Roddick in 2006 . The move paid instant dividends for Roddick , as he reached the U.S. Open final two months later . Their association lasted two years , with Roddick saying he resigned . Connors ' autobiography was released earlier this year . It was under Hogstedt , a former touring pro from Sweden , that Sharapova completed her grand slam collection last year at the French Open . The victory was sweeter for Sharapova because it was her first grand slam title after a shoulder injury that derailed her career . She lost to Serena Williams in the final of this year 's French . Sharapova 's movement noticeably improved under Hogstedt -- adding to her fierce ground strokes and intense desire to win . But their last tournament together did n't go as planned , with Sharapova slipping twice on the grass at Wimbledon against Larcher de Brito and suffering her earliest grand slam exit in three years . The loss , however , allowed Sharapova to watch the end of boyfriend Grigor Dimitrov 's marathon five-set loss to Grega Zemlja . Hogstedt left Li Na to work with Sharapova at the end of 2010 , with the Chinese baseliner then reaching the final at the Australian Open while Sharapova crashed out in the fourth round . Li , the French Open winner in 2011 , has the same agent as Sharapova in Max Eisenbud . Sharapova formerly worked with Michael Joyce and her father , Yuri . Earlier this week , another former No. 1 , Ana Ivanovic , severed ties with Nigel Sears , the father of Andy Murray 's girlfriend .	Maria Sharapova hires Jimmy Connors as new coach after splitting with Thomas Hogstedt The coaching shuffle comes after Sharapova lost in the second round at Wimbledon Connors won eight grand slam titles before working with former world No. 1 Andy Roddick
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- The United Nations condemned a suicide bombing in Somalia 's capital that killed a number of people , including three journalists from state-run broadcasting services , as a "  cowardly attack . " The U.N. special representative to Somalia made the comments following the attack Thursday that saw a pair of suicide bombers blew themselves up inside a packed teahouse near Mogadishu 's presidential palace . "  I strongly condemn this cowardly and senseless attack . These acts of terrorism can not reverse the recent achievements that Somalia has witnessed , " Augustine P. Mahiga said in a statement released Thursday . "  Such incidents can only reinforce the determination of the Somali people to reject violence and engage in peaceful resolution of conflict . " State-run Radio Mogadishu reported identified two of the dead as Liban Ali Nur , news director and anchor for Somalia 's national television network , and Abdisatar Dahir Sabrieye , an anchor and producer who recently returned to war-torn Somalia after exile in neighboring Kenya . The head of another radio station , the Voice of Democracy , also died in the blast , and four other journalists were wounded , three critically , the network reported . A witness said the cafe was spattered with blood and pieces of bodies . Soldiers killed in blast targeting new Somali president The National Union of Somali Journalists said the bombings took place just after sunset and that the al-Shabaab jihadist movement had claimed responsibility for the attack . "  We strongly condemn this attack on journalists . We are absolutely convinced that this was a targeted attack on journalists , " said Omar Faruk Osman , the group 's secretary-general . Somalia 's shaky transitional government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , has been battling Islamic guerrillas for years . The country has lacked an effective central government since 1991 , with portions of the Horn of Africa nation left lawless . More than 40 journalists have been killed in Somalia since 1992 , making it one of the world 's most dangerous places for reporters , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . Osman said 12 have died so far this year -- "  the single deadliest year for journalists in the history of our country . " Somalia picks political newcomer as president in landmark vote CNN Correspondent David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.N. officials calls the perpetrators "  cowardly " Journalists targeted in a "  gratuitous and bloodthirsty " bombing , group says Two suicide bombers attacked a teahouse in Mogadishu , state radio says The dead include an anchor for Somalia 's national television and the head of a radio service
CNN  Vladimir Putin is not a self-effacing man . That 's why when the Russian president suddenly disappeared from view people took notice . When Russian officials tried to trick the public by passing off old photos as new appearances , speculation about Putin 's whereabouts went viral . Hashtags such as #Whereisputin and # -- Russian for #PutinIsDead -- became the tip of a giant social media iceberg , much of it streaked with dark humor . In Ukraine , the neighboring state besieged by Putin 's forces , someone reportedly left a large funeral wreath at the gate of the Russian embassy . A handwritten message addressed Putin with an expletive , telling him , "  Thank you for croaking . " The fast-moving iceberg of speculation may melt as fast as it emerged . The Kremlin has now started pushing harder against the rumors , trying to prove that Russia 's foremost -- nay , only -- major political leader , is alive and well . Early on Friday , officials released what they said was a picture of Putin taken the day of . But on social media , onlookers accused officials of dusting off old images . Those keeping track insist Putin has not been seen since March 5 . Regardless of how or when this speculation ends , it tells us much about the political realities of Russia . This whole thing started after Putin 's trip to Kazakhstan was canceled on Wednesday and a Kazakh official told a reporter that the Russian President had fallen ill . Then the Kremlin released a picture of Putin speaking with the leader of the Republic of Karelia . But it turns out that happened on March 4 . On Thursday , Putin 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov , said the President would miss his regular meeting with the Federal Security Service  FSB  . When asked about his boss 's health , Peskov said he is "  absolutely healthy , " his handshake so strong he could "  break your hand . " To illustrate the point , the Kremlin 's Russia Today posted a picture of the mighty President slamming a judo opponent hard against the ground . Peskov says Russia is in the grips of a "  spring fever " that is causing people to dream up harebrained scenarios . Amateur sleuths and creative minds have speculated wildly about Putin 's health problems . The Swiss magazine Blick said Putin is in Lugano , where his girlfriend just gave birth to their baby . Some have said he has cancer ; others report a heart attack or a stroke . There are even suggestions that he went off to join ISIS , or is playing hide-and-seek a la Where 's Waldo . Does Putin ever catch a cold ? Does he ever get sick ? The Kremlin does n't want to allow Putin 's image of virility and strength to become tarnished by the weaknesses of mere humans . That 's hardly surprising . Putin is not your average president . On paper , Russia is a democracy . But no objective observer believes that . Putin is the state . Every important decision is made by him . Putin rules in the old-fashioned style of a personality cult . His approval ratings are stratospheric , even if his brazen policies would warrant more significant levels of disagreement . Approval ratings nearing 90 % are the product of suppression of dissent and media maneuvers demonizing , ridiculing , and ultimately silencing critics . The system requires propaganda and image control . It needs Putin to be larger than life . The recent murder of Boris Nemtsov , Putin 's foremost critic , has spawned fears that there is a hit list , a roster of Putin critics whose days are numbered . There are rampant rumors of intrigue inside the Kremlin . The level of fear is said to be higher than it has been in years . The term "  Kremlinology " became the study of intrigue and power machinations in inscrutably dark systems . Russia has a long history of concealing the illnesses of its leaders . In the Soviet era , some mysterious disappearances were followed by funerals . In those days , there was usually a succession plan . And in the post-Stalin days , the passing of one leader meant that the party chose the next strongman . In 1991 , the last USSR leader , Mikhail Gorbachev , went to his summer home in Crimea . He was visited by a group of high-ranking Soviet officials . The next day , the Russian people were told that Gorbachev was ill , and could not perform his duties . Gorbachev was held against his will . There was a coup in progress . Putin 's mentor , President Boris Yeltsin , also had a history of "  disappearing " from view . He was really ill and/or drunk . Even if Putin is in perfect health and the social media whirlwind turns out to have just been an outlet for creativity , talk of Putin 's disappearance raises important questions . What would Russia become if he suddenly left power ? Is there a successor in place ? Is there anyone who would continue Putin 's policies ? If there is a power vacuum , a conceivable scenario given just how thoroughly Putin dominates , what would the consequences be ? Whatever Putin is doing at this exact moment -- whether he is hunting tigers , visiting with friends , or convalescing from an illness -- and no matter what he does in the days ahead , the Internet tempest of the past few days is a reminder that the man who embodies today 's Russian state , who dismantled the country 's once-fledgling democracy , wo n't be around forever . Which raises the question , what then ?	Frida Ghitis : It 's unclear where President Vladimir Putin is at the moment Ghitis : Speculation about his whereabouts went viral as Russian officials posted old photos
Norfolk , Virginia  CNN  -- Two of three Navy SEALs accused in the alleged assault of an Iraqi suspected of orchestrating the 2004 killing and mutilation of four U.S. contractors in Falluja will have their cases heard in Iraq , a judge ruled Monday . Petty Officer 2nd Class Jonathan Keefe , 25 , is charged with dereliction of duty and impeding an official investigation surrounding the Iraqi 's detention last September . Petty Officer 1st Class Julio Huertas , 28 , faces similar charges . The Iraqi suspect , Ahmed Hashim Abed , complained to investigators he was punched during his detention . The case against the Navy SEALs has sparked outrage that the sailors are being tried at all for handling a suspect in the contractors ' murders , one of the most notorious incidents in the Iraq war . The killings got widespread news coverage when the burned bodies of two of the contractors were paraded through the streets of Falluja and hanged from a bridge as their captors cheered . At a preliminary hearing in military court the judge , Cmdr. Tierney Carlos , announced he wants the cases of Keefe and Huertas moved to Camp Victory in Iraq to give them the ability to question the alleged victim in court . "  It does n't make sense to me that the alleged victim is available for deposition and not available for trial , " Carlos said in making his ruling for Keefe . "  In order to prevent prejudice to the accused , this case should be tried in Iraq . " Keefe 's attorney had requested that the alleged victim be brought to the United States for questioning . "  This deposition will not be a substitute for the alleged victim 's appearance , " the judge said . Petty Officer 2nd Class Matthew McCabe , the other SEAL , is accused of assaulting the detainee and punching him in the stomach . He faces a special court martial Wednesday . The charges against all three are the equivalent of misdemeanors in civilian court . If found guilty , the SEALs face a maximum sentence of a year in a military prison , demolition to the lowest Navy rank , a cut in pay , and a bad conduct discharge . "  Their military careers would be over , " one of their attorneys told CNN .	Navy SEALs accused in alleged assault of an Iraqi man during his detention The Iraqi is suspected of orchestrating the 2004 killings of 4 U.S. contractors in Falluja In ruling for 2 SEALs , judge says he wants them to be able to question alleged victim A third SEAL faces a special court martial in the case this week
CNN  -- Andrew Sable was n't in the market for new wheels , but he says the federal "  cash for clunkers " program helped him get an offer he could n't refuse . "  I 'd have been foolish not to take it , " said Andrew Sable , who got $ 9,000 for his 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee . The gas-guzzling 1993 Jeep Grand Cherokee his college-student son drives went bad last weekend . Ordinarily Sable would have fixed it , even though the vehicle was worth perhaps $ 2,000 at best . But , aware of the program that started this month , Sable took a $ 4,500 federal credit this week to trade in the Jeep and buy a new , more fuel-efficient Chrysler PT Cruiser . And Chrysler , eager to sell vehicles , threw in its own $ 4,500 incentive . The $ 9,000 in savings knocked the price to $ 8,900 before taxes and fees . "  I 'll never get $ 9,000 for this old vehicle -LSB- any other way -RSB- . I 'd have been foolish not to take it , " the 43-year-old Sable , an insurance underwriter living in North Bellmore , New York , told CNN after filing a report with iReport.com . He 'll drive the PT Cruiser and let the son drive his Nissan . iReport.com : Read Sable 's account of the purchase Under the $ 1 billion program , people will be given credits of $ 3,500 to $ 4,500 to replace gas guzzlers -- generally vehicles with a combined city/highway fuel economy of 18 miles per gallon or less -- with new vehicles that are more fuel efficient . The old vehicles are crushed or shredded . Watch CNN 's Gerri Willis explain the "  cash for clunkers " program " The exact credit offered through the program -- officially called the Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Act of 2009 , or CARS -- depends on how many more miles per gallon the new vehicle gets . Fuel economy thresholds for new vehicles vary according to type . New cars must have a combined city/highway fuel economy of at least 22 mpg . New SUVs and small or medium pickup trucks or vans must get at least 18 mpg . New large vans and pickups must get at least 15 mpg . The government put Sable 's old Jeep at 15 mpg . His new PT Cruiser , which the program classifies as an SUV , gets a combined 21 mpg . Part of the program 's intent is to get vehicles with low fuel efficiency off the road . Caroline Radtke , a 31-year-old who wrote about her purchase on iReport.com , was happy to oblige . Radtke and her husband this month got a $ 4,500 CARS credit for trading in their 2000 Isuzu Trooper  15 mpg  to buy a new Volkswagen Jetta SportWagen , a diesel-powered car that the program lists as getting 33 mpg . After the credit , they paid just under $ 26,000 . "  What was going out of my -LSB- old -RSB- vehicle was bad for the planet , and you 're putting so much financially into the stupid thing to fill it up because it runs out so fast , " Radtke , a freelance graphic designer living in San Antonio , Texas , told CNN after filing her iReport . "  After driving it for eight and a half years , I wanted something more productive financially and more friendly to the Earth . " The couple would have bought a new car without CARS , but the credit probably allowed them to get a nicer car than they otherwise would have , Radtke said . If they had sold the Trooper themselves , they might have gotten $ 3,000 if they were lucky , she said . iReport.com : Radtke 's purchase The CARS program is n't for everyone . The credit wo n't go toward used-car purchases . Also , people looking to get rid of their under-18-mpg vehicle might find they can get about the same or more than a CARS credit by selling it . But the program worked just fine for iReporter Julie Callahan , a Salt Lake City , Utah , woman who was looking to replace her 1990 Chevy C1500 pickup truck , which had more than 350,000 miles and is rated at 15 mpg . She and her husband already had a newer vehicle , but she used the truck to go to work and for other in-town purposes . But lately it started having shifting problems , and it was occasionally slipping going uphill . Like Sable , Callahan , 39 , got $ 4,500 this week to turn in the old vehicle and buy a new PT Cruiser . And , like Sable , she also received a separate $ 4,500 credit from Chrysler . She 'll be paying about $ 10,000 for her new vehicle after taxes and fees . The $ 9,000 she saved with the credits from CARS and Chrysler is n't too shabby , considering she figures her old pickup was nearly worthless because it had so many miles . iReport.com : How Callahan got $ 9,000 for her truck "  Without the incentives , I probably would n't have purchased a brand new vehicle , " Callahan , who runs a science outreach program at the University of Utah , told CNN after filing her iReport . Unless it is renewed , the program will end November 1 or when funds allotted by Congress run out , whichever happens first . Trade-ins must be less than 25 years old , and their titles must be free of any liens . Consumers can go to a Web site , cars.gov , to learn the program 's rules . FuelEconomy.gov : See if your vehicle qualifies for CARS	N.Y. man was n't looking for new vehicle , but credits , circumstances changed plans Program gives credits of $ 3,500 to $ 4,500 to people who trade in gas guzzlers Recipients must buy new vehicles that are more fuel efficient Texas woman glad program helped her buy more fuel-efficient vehicle
