CNN  -- Here 's something shocking . Democrats and Republicans totally disagree about the significance of the GOP 's victory in the first major competitive congressional ballot box test of 2014 . Republican candidate David Jolly narrowly edged out Democrat Alex Sink to win Tuesday 's special election in Florida 's 13th Congressional District . Jolly will fill out the term of his former boss , longtime Republican Rep. Bill Young , who died in October . Republicans win first election showdown of the year The race was consistently in the spotlight with national Republicans framing the election as a referendum on Obamacare . They injected a massive infusion of outside ad money into the race and some pundits cast the election as a possible bellwether for November 's midterms . "  I think this was a referendum on  President Barack Obama 's  policies and on Obamacare , that played out significantly to the disadvantage of  House Democratic Leader  Nancy Pelosi . And I think it sets the tone for what 's coming in the fall , " Rep. Greg Walden of Oregon , the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , told CNN Wednesday . "  We 've been trying to tell people this is a referendum election , Obamacare is not helping people the way it was promised , and Democrats are going to have a lot of answering to do , " Walden added . But his counterpart at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee sees very little predictive value in the results . "  Special elections are not indicators of the future . They never have been . They never will be . And certainly this is not an indicator of the future , " Rep. Steve Israel , the DCCC chairman , told reporters . Special coverage : 2014 Midterm Elections While a contest this far out from Election Day rarely offers a preview of what will actually happen in November , Jolly 's victory gives the GOP instant bragging rights . And the results also illustrate a few things about how the midterm election season may play out . GOP 's convinced Obamacare 's bad medicine for Democrats : While the candidates and local matters weighed heavily in the race , Obamacare was also a key issue . And Jolly 's victory will only embolden Republican attempts top repeal the Affordable Care Act . "  His  Jolly 's  victory shows that voters are looking for representatives who will fight to end the disaster of Obamacare , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and co-chair Sharon Day said in an email blast to reporters . Many of the ads attacking Sink focused on health care . "  Canceled health plans . Higher premiums . Medicare cuts . People losing their doctors . A disaster for families and seniors . For Alex Sink , the priority is Obamacare . Not us , " said the narrator in a TV commercial by the Chamber of Commerce , which backed Jolly . That was a potent message in a district that 's one of the grayest in the nation . Nearly a quarter of all residents in Florida-13 are 65 or older . Jolly said he was committed to getting rid of Obamacare entirely . Sink recognized that Obamacare was a major issue . While she highlighted how the Affordable Care Act has helped people , she also noted that the law has flaws and said she was open to GOP proposals to amend some of the measure 's requirements . The Democratic National Committee claimed the issue of health care actually kept the contest close . The most important poll number of 2014 "  Republicans fell short of their normal margin in this district because the agenda they are offering voters has a singular focus - that a majority of voters oppose - repealing the Affordable Care Act that would return us to the same old broken health care system , " said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the DNC chair . Democratic pollster Geoff Garin told reporters that "  based on polling we did up until the election , Alex Sink basically neutralized the issue of the Affordable Care Act . " But Garin noted that Obamacare energized the GOP electorate . "  We have to acknowledge that the Affordable Care Act was a motivating issue for Republicans to come out and vote , and less so for Democrats , " he said . Last autumn 's flawed rollout of the health care law and the controversy over canceled policies because of Obamacare played into Republican hands . And the President 's inaccurate pledge that "  If you like your insurance , you can keep it " under the new health care law is a line that dominated GOP attack ads the past few months . Even before Tuesday 's GOP victory , Republicans pledged to keep the campaign focus on the health care law , even if it starts to gain traction with the public . A number of Republican strategists CNN reached out to on Wednesday said that while the focus wo n't be 100 % on Obamacare , they admit it will remain a huge part of how they frame the midterms . Non-partisan analysts agree . Republicans hit Landrieu over climate change all-nighter "  The one thing Republicans will take away from this race is that the Obamacare assault worked . We 're going to see more and more and more , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . "  Regardless of whether or not the election will tell us anything about November , the two political parties will learn lessons from this contest and apply them to future races , " said Stuart Rothenberg , editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . "  Jolly 's win means it 's all about Obamacare for the GOP . " Outside money really mattered : In Sink , national Democrats landed the high-profile and well-known candidate they wanted in this race , and she faced nominal opposition in January 's Democratic primary . Jolly was far from the GOP 's dream candidate , and he had to battle to win his party 's nomination . The past two months , he faced a barrage of attacks by Democrats on his days as a lobbyist and his work for groups pushing to privatize Social Security . Sink , meanwhile , greatly out-raised , and outspent Jolly . But support from outside groups gave Jolly a major boost . Since it 's one of a dwindling number of competitive districts and since it was the only game in town , outside money poured into the race . It was the most expensive contest so far this cycle , topping even last year 's special U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts . In addition to the approximate $ 2.5 million spent by the two campaigns , the party committees and outside groups dished out more than $ 9 million to run TV and radio ads , other paid media and direct mail , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which monitors outside spending . The pro-Republican group American Crossroads , which said it spent $ 500,000 on the contest , said that Florida-13 was just an appetizer "  A lot of us rolled up our sleeves after 2012 , studied the Obama playbook and invested in targeted voter turnout and more effective messaging . The Florida CD-13 special was an important test market and there was unprecedented cooperation among outside groups . We intend to keep refining these lessons as we prepare for the fall elections , " said Crossroads CEO Stephen Law . Turnout mattered : Florida-13 , which is a swing district in a swing state , covers most of Pinellas County between Tampa Bay and the Gulf of Mexico , including parts of St. Petersburg . While Young captured 58 % of the vote in his 2012 re-election , President Barack Obama narrowly carried the district in his 2008 and 2012 victories . So what happened Tuesday ? Jolly won by around 3,500 votes out of some 180,000 cast . A libertarian candidate grabbed just under 5 % of the vote . The plain and simple truth is that Sink lost because Democratic voters did n't vote . Turnout in the 2012 election was nearly double what it was in the special election . Democratic officials Wednesday said by their calculations , the GOP had a plus-13 advantage in the voting electorate in Tuesday 's special election , compared to a plus-five advantage for the Republicans in the district in 2012 . "  The reality is Alex Sink was able to narrow a very large Republican advantage in turnout . She did very well with independent voters , " said Garin . And Israel vowed to win the district come November , when he says the electorate will be more slightly more favorable to the Democrats . "  If this election were in November instead of March , I think Alex Sink would have won , " Israel added . A veteran Democratic strategist says his party has some hard work ahead . "  While it is true that a special election often has lower turnout  and thus is more likely to be won by a Republican  , I think Democrats spin this loss at their own peril . We lost , period , " said CNN contributor Paul Begala . "  It means we have to redouble our efforts to register and turn out the Rising American Electorate : people of color , unmarried women , young people . We will never be able to match the right wing dollar-for-dollar , so we have to beat them voter-to-voter , " he said . Steep road got steeper : The Democrats odds of winning back the House in November just got a little bit slimmer . With Jolly 's win keeping the congressional seat in GOP hands , the Democrats still need win 17 seats in the midterms to regain control of the chamber . Political handicappers consider that a tall order , considering the shrinking number of competitive congressional districts nationwide .	Republican David Jolly narrowly beat Democrat Alex Sink in a special election Outside groups supporting Jolly poured more money into race than Democrats Republicans feel they have found a winning issue on Obamacare
Fierce fighting raged on the outskirts of Tripoli on Sunday as militias continued to battle for control of the airport in what 's being called the worst fighting in Libya since the 2011 revolution . Clashes were concentrated around the airport , the airport road and a number of residential areas where militias have fought over the past week , residents said . At least five people have been killed , one local official said . The latest assaults were launched by militias from the city of Misrata and an Islamist militia umbrella group in the capital known as the "  Libyan Revolutionaries Operations Room . " The airport has been under the control of militia from the Western Mountains city of Zintan for the past three years . According to residents in different parts of Tripoli , thick plumes of black smoke rose from the direction of the airport and large blasts and gunfire echoed across the city . Speaking by phone to Libyan television on Sunday , a spokesman for the municipal council of Qasr Bin Ghasheer , the area around the airport , said at least five people from the area had been killed in the fighting so far . ` Libya 's future can not be left to one renegade general ' The spokesman , Mohammed Abdul Rahman , said it was hard to get an accurate casualty figure because of the intensity of fighting and limited movement in the area . "  Shells are falling on houses , children are terrified and most people have evacuated . ... Our area is suffering , " he told the privately run al-Nabaa TV . There was no official overall casualty figure for the fighting in other areas impacted over the last seven days . At the airport , the Libyan government said 90 % of planes parked there were damaged and images on social media showed various parts of the facility destroyed . The United Nations and other international organizations and businesses have temporarily evacuated staff from Libya . The U.S. Embassy in Tripoli said in a statement that some rounds from the fighting have hit near the compound , but all personnel "  are safe and accounted for . " It called for an end to the violence . Addressing the U.N. Security Council on Thursday , Tarek Mitri , head of its mission in Libya , issued a stark warning . "  As the number of military actors mobilizing and consolidating their presence within the capital continues to grow , there is a mounting sense of a probable imminent and significant escalation in the conflict . The stakes are high for all sides , " Mitri said . "  We are in the middle of an all-out confrontation between two major rival groups in the Libyan capital . That confrontation , born out of the deep political polarization , is playing itself out at the country 's international airport . " Mitri said . Libya 's Foreign Minister Mohamed Abdulaziz also addressed the Security Council . He warned of Libya heading toward becoming a "  failed state . " Abdulaziz said Libya needed more international support and asked the United Nations to consider a "  stabilization and institution-building mission . " He insisted that his country was not requesting foreign military intervention . The Libyan Interim Government said earlier in the week it was discussing the possibility of requesting international forces . Three years after the revolution and NATO military intervention that overthrew the Gadhafi regime , a weak central government has been outgunned by increasingly powerful militias . The militia fighting for control of the airport from the city of Zintan and Misrata are among the most heavily armed in the country .	Fierce fighting in Libya worst since 2011 revolution Militias battle for control of the airport in Tripoli Libya 's foreign minister says the country needs foreign help
CNN  -- A father and son in south Texas were charged Thursday with shooting an agent with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , federal authorities said . Pedro Alvarado , 41 , and Arnoldo Alvarado , 18 , are accused of assault on a federal officer and using a firearm during a crime of violence . ICE agent Kelton Harrison was shot Tuesday morning near Hargill , Texas , while he and other agents were conducting surveillance relating to an anticipated narcotics deal . According to a criminal complaint , Harrison was in a parked car when gunshots allegedly were fired from an approaching vehicle . Harrison started driving away and the other car followed and the occupants continued firing at Harrison 's vehicle . The court document said Harrison finally lost control of his car and when other agents arrived on the scene they discovered he 'd been shot in back . Harrison survived the shooting but underwent an operation and is still hospitalized . A search was conducted of a home in Hargill where the two Alvarados were found along with an unidentified minor . According to the court document , the younger Alvarado admitted that he and the minor fired shots at the agent 's car while his father drove their vehicle . Pedro and Arnold Alvarado were arrested and had a court hearing before a magistrate judge Thursday and will remain in jail pending a detention hearing next week . The men requested the judge appoint counsel to represent them . A Justice Department press release said the minor involved in the case was turned over to state authorities . "  We are encouraged by this action to bring these criminals to justice , " said ICE Director John Morton . "  We continue to keep the agent and his family in our prayers during his road to recovery . "	ICE agent Kelton Harrison was shot Tuesday morning near Hargill , Texas He and other agents were conducting surveillance relating to an anticipated narcotics deal A 41-year-old man and his 18-year-old son were arrested and charged in the shooting Harrison survived the shooting but underwent an operation and is still hospitalized
FOLKSTON , Georgia  CNN  -- Rain or shine , 80-year-old Cookie Williams plops himself on the wooden viewing platform perched over double train tracks . Cookie Williams , 80 , watches a CSX freight train chug by on a typical Tuesday afternoon . On this warm May afternoon , a patient Williams sits slouched , legs crossed and arms relaxed , donning his vintage CSX railroad company cap littered with miniature train pendants . He is waiting for a train . A scanner , listening for oncoming train signals , crackles in the background as it picks up some conductor chatter . He waits some more . "  A lot of people in this town thought I was on the kooky side , " said Williams , who is retired from the paper and pulp industry . "  But I love it . I 've loved these trains ever since I was a kid . " Folkston , Georgia , where Williams lives , is one of many train hot spots nationwide . Here , the blasting train noises are jokingly called "  Folkston music . " With up to 60 trains crawling loudly through the quaint town each day , it 's become an attraction for fans eager to collect train images and sounds . In 2001 , Williams , who grew up by a train track , pushed town officials to construct a viewing platform with picnic tables , wireless Internet and a scanner to detect oncoming trains . The Southeast Georgia town reports that at least 12,500 visitors from all over the world visit the platform to watch trains each year . Watch Williams and his friend talk about the joy of train watching " As the prominence of the iconic American railroad has faded over the past half-century , there remains a devout group of train enthusiasts like Williams and his friends , dubbed railfans , who obsessively chase and watch powerful trains glide along railroad tracks . Trains Magazine , an industry publication , estimates that there are 175,000 U.S. railfans , mostly male baby boomers . "  The word ` enthusiast ' does n't begin to cover their devotion , " said Rhonda Del Boccio , head of the Okefenokee Chamber of Commerce , which oversees railfan tourism in Folkston . "  Picture -LSB- the popular game -RSB- ` World of Warcraft ' for train people . " On any given day in America , loyal railfans camp out for hours or even days on a platform , a grassy field , a road or a backyard to snap a few photographs or shoot video of the moving trains . Some travel to different cities and countries to capture the right shot . Last weekend , nearly 20 railfans convened at the Izaak Walton Inn in Essex , Montana , a railroad worker dormitory built in 1939 that was converted into a hotel . The group took pictures of trains set against the backdrop of Glacier National Park during the day and had history lessons about trains at night . A train festival this summer in Oswego , Michigan , is expected to draw in 30,000 attendees , many of them railfans . Just like bird watcher keeps an eye out for specific birds , railfans watch for cargo and passenger trains and "  critters " -- railfan lingo for small freight trains . On a lucky day , they may spot a historic steam locomotive . Hardcore railfans spend so much time visually dissecting the trains , they can recite the number of axles in a passing train or recount which years railroad giant Union Pacific Railway Co. changed its logos . "  It 's a marvel to see something that weighs hundreds of tons , hauling thousands of tons , moving through rural country , " said Bill Taylor , a 62-year-old railfan and former teacher . His Missoula , Montana , home is adorned with antique rail items , such as train silverware and conductor lanterns . "  It 's an orchestra of motion . " In an age of social media , railfanning has taken a new turn , going viral . On YouTube , there are more than 24,000 railfan videos , ranging from trains chugging through Gary , Indiana , to the subway in New York . Flickr.com touts thousands of pictures uploaded my railfans delighted to share their most prized train spotting moments . The obsession over railfanning often stems from historical and technological intrigue . Trains not only represent a romanticized era , they have been central to American economic growth and commerce across the country , historians say . Like any other pastime , railfanning has rules . Most railfan veterans execute the hobby with caution , steering at least 100 feet from private property and dangerous areas , railfans say . Sometimes , amateur train lovers wander too close to the tracks , raising safety concerns and irritating rail conductors and employees . Rail workers nickname pestering railfans "  foamers " because fans stand near the tracks in such awe that they are practically drooling when a train plows through . See train photos from our iReporters " "  For -LSB- conductors and rail workers -RSB- , it 's a dog chasing a car , " said Rick Enselman , 41 , of Edmond , Oklahoma , who became enamored with railfanning 15 years ago . He started taking his two children to the tracks with him . "  They do n't understand the rhythm and rhyme of why we 're doing it . " Enselman , a salesman , says railfanning takes his mind "  away from the real world . " His love of trains was inspired by his great-uncle , who bequeathed him a vintage Lionel O Scale train set decades ago . But it has n't been a smooth ride for railfans . After September 11 , railfanning sparked some controversy . Security officers at railroad companies began to ward off railfans , fearing that they might be a terrorism threat . Officers soon realized railfans were no harm and could bolster surveillance . In 2006 , BNSF Railway Co. , one of the largest railroad operators in the United States , created the Citizen for Rail Safety Group , where railfans help the company watch for unusual activity . There are more than 8,700 people , mostly railfans , registered today . Today , trains are also making a steady comeback despite the challenges of a sluggish economy . Amtrak passenger ridership saw an increase of 10 million over the past decade . President Obama has talked about resurrecting plans for a national high-speed rail network . "  Even though there are fewer railroad companies , they are hauling more stuff than ever before , " said Kevin Keefe , publisher of Trains Magazine . "  I do n't think railroads have lost the ability to capture people 's attention . " Back on the viewing platform in Folkston , a 10-year-old boy with eager blue eyes hidden behind a thin pair of glasses , with a videocamera in his hand , is sitting two seats away from Cookie Williams . Surveying the naked tracks carefully , the boy , a railfan from North Carolina , fidgets in his seat "  It 's coming up , son , " Williams reassures the boy and the four other railfans on the platform . "  A few more minutes . " So they wait together , faces brushed by the soft breeze . And they wait a few minutes more , before the bells jingle a warning . The horn screams twice . And the howling cacophony of a diesel locomotive crashes toward them as they watch the train come into focus from the distance .	Trains Magazine estimates there are 175,000 railfans in the U.S. Folkston , Georgia , has about 12,500 visitors to watch trains each year "  It 's an orchestra of motion , " says 63-year-old railfan Bill Taylor of Montana Trains are making a steady comeback despite the sluggish economy
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- Connecticut jurors recessed Saturday without deciding the sentence of Steven Hayes , who was convicted of killing two sisters and their mother during a brutal 2007 home invasion . He faces life in prison or death . Judge Jon Blue ordered the five men and seven women on the jury to resume their work at 10 a.m. Sunday . Total deliberation time in the sentencing phase of the trial now stands at around 11 hours . Earlier Saturday , the jury sent a note requesting a read-back of some of the testimony of Dr. Eric Goldsmith , a psychiatrist who had said Hayes was significantly impaired at the time of the crimes and experienced an extreme emotional rage . Goldsmith was a witness for the defense . Friday , the jury asked Blue for clarification of the statute regarding mitigating factors -- evidence presented that would provide a reason for a sentence less than death . "  How do we fill out the form ? " the jurors asked . Blue instructed the panel members that they could not go into the second phase -- determining whether the prosecution has proven the aggravating factors -- until they were unanimous about whether there were mitigating factors . Thursday , Hayes ' lawyer told jurors his client would suffer more if given a life sentence . "  Life in prison without the possibility of release is the harshest penalty , " said Tom Ullmann . "  It is a fate worse than death . " Ullmann then had his 47-year-old client stand directly in front of the jury . He put his hand on Hayes ' shoulder and said to the jurors , "  He is n't a rabid dog that needs to be put to death . He has lost 80 pounds . He will never have a private bath . He goes to the bathroom in public . He will never eat a dinner that he makes , but one that they provide . He has a rec cage for an hour a day . Like an animal at the zoo . " As he stood , Hayes -- who did not testify during the trial -- looked down at the floor . His lawyer continued , "  If you want to end his misery , put him to death . ... If you want him to suffer and carry that burden forever , the guilt , shame and humiliation , sentence him to life without the possibility of release . " But prosecuting attorney Michael Dearington sought to persuade the jurors to order Hayes be executed for his role in in the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit , 48 , and her daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . "  We can not tie Steven Hayes to a bed , pour gasoline on him and set him on fire , " Dearington said , referring to the killings . "  But under our laws , we do have the death penalty . " He added that the Petit family had been "  destroyed because Steven Hayes wanted money . " A psychiatrist testified last month that Hayes had told him , "  I would rather they kill me , " reflecting Hayes ' apparent hope that he 'd be executed . The high school dropout said he had a long history of substance abuse , the psychiatrist said . But Dearington said Thursday that that did not excuse the murders . "  Drugs do n't necessarily lead to violent crimes , " he said . Hayes was convicted last month of 16 of the 17 charges against him , including nine counts of murder and capital murder and four counts of kidnapping . Prosecutors allege that Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky invaded the Petit home in Cheshire , Connecticut ; beat Dr. William Petit ; raped and strangled his wife , Hawke-Petit ; sexually molested one of their daughters ; set the house afire ; and tried to flee . The girls died of smoke inhalation ; Petit himself escaped to a neighbor 's home . Komisarjevsky is to be tried separately . In Session 's Sunny Hostin and Nancy Leung contributed to this story .	NEW : Jury asks for a read-back of testimony NEW : Total deliberation time now stands at around 11 hours Life in prison "  is a fate worse than death , " Steven Hayes ' lawyer says Hayes and another man are accused in the deaths of a woman and her two daughters
CNN  -- The same blue food dye found in M&M s and Gatorade could be used to reduce damage caused by spine injuries , offering a better chance of recovery , according to new research . Rats injected with BBG not only regained their mobility but temporarily turned blue . Researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center found that when they injected the compound Brilliant Blue G  BBG  into rats suffering spinal cord injuries , the rodents were able to walk again , albeit with a limp . The only side effect was that the treated mice temporarily turned blue . The results of the study , published in the "  Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , " build on research conducted by the same center five years ago . In August 2004 , scientists revealed how Adenosine triphosphate , which is known as ATP and described as the "  energy currency of life , " surges to the spinal cord soon after injury occurs . Researchers found that the sudden influx of ATP killed off healthy cells , making the initial injury far worse . But when they injected oxidized ATP into the injury , it was found to block the effect of ATP , allowing the injured rats to recover and walk again . "  While we achieved great results when oxidized ATP was injected directly into the spinal cord , this method would not be practical for use with spinal cord-injured patients , " said lead researcher Maiken Nedergaard , professor of Neurosurgery and director of the Center for Translational Neuromedicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center . "  First , no one wants to put a needle into a spinal cord that has just been severely injured , so we knew we needed to find another way to quickly deliver an agent that would stop ATP from killing healthy motor neurons . Second , the compound we initially used , oxidized ATP , can not be injected into the bloodstream because of its dangerous side effects . " Back in 2004 , Nedergaard 's team discovered that the spinal cord was rich in a molecule called P2X7 , which is also known as "  the death receptor " for its ability to allow ATP to latch onto motor neurons and send the signals which eventually kill them . Nedergaard knew that BBG could thwart the function of P2X7 , and its similarity to a blue food dye approved by the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  in 1982 gave her the confidence to test it intravenously . It worked . The rats given BBG immediately after their injury could walk again with a limp . Those that did n't receive a dose never regained their mobility . Nedergaard told CNN that there is currently no standard treatment for patients with spinal injury when they reach the hospital emergency room . "  Right now we only treat 15 percent of the patients we receive with steroids and many hospitals question if that even works for that 15 percent ; it 's a very moderate benefit to only a subset of patients . So right now 85 percent of patients are untreated , " she said . Nedergaard said the research team is n't claiming that BBG can cure spinal injuries , instead that it offers a potential improvement in patients ' condition . "  Even a moderate improvement in functional performance of the patient is a big , big event for these patients , " she said . "  They can control their bladder . If they can just take small steps instead of sitting in a wheelchair all the time , it 's a tremendous benefit for these patients , " she added . The dose must be administered immediately after the injury , before additional tissue dies as a result of the initial injury . Researchers are currently pulling together an application to be lodged with the FDA to stage the first clinical trials of BBG on human patients . "  Our hope is that this work will lead to a practical , safe agent that can be given to patients shortly after injury , for the purpose of decreasing the secondary damage that we have to otherwise expect , " said Steven Goldman , Chair of the University of Rochester Department of Neurology .	Researchers find way to reduce secondary damage caused by spinal injuries Compound BBG is similar to blue food dye used in sweets , sports drinks Only side effect of intravenous injection was that it turned test rats blue Researchers are planning to apply to the FDA for permission for human tests
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A day of strikes dubbed "  Black Thursday " in France looked more like "  Gray Thursday , " with officials reporting a mixed impact across the country . Commuters wait for a train at a metro station in central Paris on "  Black Thursday . " Union officials said 2.5 million people demonstrated across the country , while the Ministry of the Interior put the number at one million . No arrests or violence were reported , Paris police said . In Paris , all but three lines of the Metro subway system were operating Thursday , the RATP transport authority said . Buses and trains were operating normally with only slight disruptions , the authority said . Suburban trains lines into and around Paris were badly hit . At best , only one in five was operating Thursday , operator RER said . Public transportation workers and other civil servants planned the 36-hour strike over a range of concerns spurred by the world economic crisis . Specifically , workers are anxious about a range of problems , including low salaries , poor buying power and job insecurity . Their collective strike action challenges the way the French government has handled the economic crisis . Unions complain that the government has spent billions to bail out banks and the auto industry while allowing little of that money to filter down to workers . Students , teachers and government workers were striking alongside transportation employees . Under a law introduced last year , schools are required to provide a "  minimum service " to ensure that children with nowhere else to go during a strike may still be able to go to school . The law does n't require that classes take place -- only that caretakers are provided . Paris municipal authorities said it was difficult for them to ensure a minimum service Thursday because they were not given enough notice for the strike . City officials said a total of 90,000 children in the capital would be affected in some way . The strike began at 8 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  Wednesday and is to end at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  Friday . Union officials plan to meet Monday to consider future strikes , they said . Hospital and postal workers , bank staffers , air traffic controllers and auto workers also walked off the job . Air France said it was operating 100 percent of its long-haul flights . In Paris . the airline said it suspended 30 percent of its short - and medium-haul flights at Orly airport and 10 percent at Charles de Gaulle as a precaution during the strike . The national state-owned railway SNCF said traffic was normal on trains from Paris to other European capitals such as London and Zurich . It said the national high-speed TGV trains were running normally in eastern France , with traffic at 50 percent to 80 percent of normal levels in other parts of the country . -- CNN 's Jim Bittermann and Sujatha Samy contributed to this report .	NEW : French unions say 2.5 million protested government handling of economy NEW : Government puts figure at about 1 million Hospital and postal workers , air traffic controllers among those striking In Paris , most Metro subway lines operating ; buses , trains operating normally
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A glimpse of something shiny on the ocean floor nine years ago led a Welsh diver to uncover a piece of local history that had been forgotten for more than a century . The silver pocket watch was found off the Pembrokeshire coast in Wales . Diver Rich Hughes was exploring a shallow shipwreck off the Pembrokeshire coast in April 2000 when he noticed the object embedded in sediment . He thought at first that he had found a coin , but he found it was actually an intact silver pocket watch , still bearing the inscription of its owner . Hughes said he was determined to trace the history of the watch , believing such a prized object deserved to belong to family members or a local museum . But that led Hughes on a nine-year search with lots of dead ends and few leads . Now , months after enlisting the help of a local researcher , Hughes has finally tracked down a family member and will be presenting the watch to him next week . "  I 'm very happy and satisfied that we found out who he was , " Hughes told CNN by phone Wednesday . "  It sort of brings the story to a close . It 's quite rewarding that it has n't just sat in the back of somebody 's garage . " The watch inscription reads "  Richard Prichard , Abersoch , North Wales , 1866 . " That was the only information Hughes had to go on for most of the past nine years ; even the name of Prichard 's ship was a mystery at the time . Over the years , Hughes searched records in person and online , contacting everyone from county records offices to Lloyd 's of London . Nothing turned up any information about Richard Prichard . "  It becomes a bit of a bug , really , " Hughes said . "  It 's hard to describe . If you find something like that -- it 's a very personal item , and one of my biggest bugbears is if somebody pulls something off a shipwreck and it just sits in the back of their garage . "  It 's just a lost opportunity and it 's tragic when that happens , that history is just put in a corner , " Hughes said . "  You 're obligated to find something out about it . It 's your duty to do it . " Earlier this year , out of frustration , Hughes said he turned his attention again to the place name inscribed on the pocket watch , Abersoch , a coastal town in north Wales . "  I just kept doing searches on Google to find out whether any historical societies at all had any information on it , " he said . That led Hughes to a couple that runs the Web site for a nearby village , Rhiw , and they put Hughes in touch with researcher and historian David Roberts . Roberts searched the graveyards of local churches and found two references to Richard Prichard . He also found a reference to Prichard on the Welsh Mariners ' Web site , showing that Prichard was captain of an iron-clad barque called the Barbara . The pocket watch was probably a gift to Prichard when he was promoted to mate in 1866 , from his fellow sailors or his parents . Prichard became captain of the ship and died in 1881 while the Barbara was en route to Rangoon , which is modern-day Yangon , in Myanmar . He was buried at sea . The watch was lost on the Barbara 's return trip to Wales with a cargo of rice later that year . Roberts believes the man who took over from Prichard , Captain Jones , was probably bringing the watch home in order to present it to Prichard 's widow . Jones probably intended to sail through St. George 's Channel , between Ireland and Wales , on his way to Liverpool , Hughes said . But on a dark November night , in driving rain and gale-force winds , Jones took a wrong turn and found himself stuck in the Bristol Channel , along Wales ' south coast . "  These ships could n't turn around -- they could only go 90 degrees to the winds , " Hughes said . "  He would n't have known where he was . " Hughes said the captain would probably have been filled with fear to see the cliffs of the Pembrokeshire coastline in front of him , where waves that night were probably at heights of 30 to 40 feet . With no way to turn around , the Barbara crashed into the cliffs and sank . Everyone on board the ship was saved , with the exception of Captain Jones , who went down along with Prichard 's pocket watch . While that solved the mystery of the unidentified shipwreck , tracing Prichard 's descendants proved a tougher task . Though Prichard had a son , he died with no heirs , and Roberts found no descendants from Prichard 's three sisters . Prichard 's only surviving relative is Owen Cowell , a retired dentist living in Pwllheli , North Wales -- incidentally , not far from Abersoch . Cowell 's grandmother was Prichard 's cousin . Hughes now plans to present the pocket watch next week to Cowell , who in turn plans to present it to the Abersoch village hall for display in an annual exhibition . This year 's display will open a week from Saturday , he said .	Diver finds watch on sea floor off Welsh coast , spends years tracing its history Diver discovers watch originally belonged to Richard Prichard , captain of the Barbara Prichard died at sea in 1881 ; watch was probably being returned to his widow Watch was lost when Barbara was shipwrecked in driving rain , gale-force winds
CNN  -- The JetBlue pilot arrested after an apparent midair meltdown last week was ordered held without bond during a brief appearance before a federal judge in Amarillo , Texas , on Monday morning , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . The U.S. magistrate ordered that Clayton Osbon , 49 , be held in the Randall County jail until a detention hearing to determine his bond on Thursday , the prosecutor 's spokesman said . Osbon , the captain of JetBlue Flight 191 , has been in custody at a hospital where he has been treated since last Tuesday , when he was arrested and later charged with interfering with a flight crew . His remarks and erratic behavior on the planned five-hour flight from New York 's Kennedy International Airport to Las Vegas led the co-pilot to lock Osbon out of the cockpit , according to a federal criminal complaint . Crew and passengers subdued Osbon as he screamed and banged on the cockpit door so hard that the first officer thought Osbon would come through , the document said . The complaint says Osbon began making remarks during the flight that concerned the first officer , who was his co-pilot . "  Osbon yelled over the radio to air traffic control and instructed them to be quiet . Osbon turned off the radios in the aircraft , dimmed his monitors and sternly admonished the FO  first officer  for trying to talk on the radio , " the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Northern District of Texas said in a written statement . "  When Osbon said ` we need to take a leap of faith , ' the FO stated that he became very worried . Osbon told the FO that ` we 're not going to Vegas , ' and began giving what the FO described as a sermon . " The flight data and cockpit voice recorders from the jet , which made an emergency landing in Amarillo last week , will be analyzed , officials have said . CNN 's Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	NEW : A judge orders JetBlue pilot Clayton Osbon held until a bond hearing Thursday Osbon spent the past six days in custody in a hospital The captain faces a charge of interfering with a flight crew Passengers and crew members subdued Osbon as he screamed and banged on the cockpit door
Sbeineh , Syria  CNN  -- Sbeineh was once a thriving town on the southern outskirts of Damascus . Residents of the Syrian capital came to buy their furniture here and many factories , now abandoned , still line the main street into town . But the grinding , two-and-a-half-year war here has reduced Sbeineh to rubble . Its residents first fled when the town fell into the hands of rebels battling to bring an end to the reign of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . But in early November the Syrian army reclaimed Sbeineh after a long and costly siege . The military pounded rebel positions with tanks , artillery and heavy machine guns for weeks in the lead-up to the siege . Assad 's men then raided the town , taking it back house by house . Various opposition groups that had occupied Sbeineh blamed each other for losing the battle , saying some rebel fighters had put up very little resistance against government troops . We toured the destroyed town with a detachment from the Syrian army led by a soldier who goes by the name of Abu Aksam . "  Is this their freedom ? " Abu Aksam said , walking past a pock-marked building . "  Everything is broken . " The soldiers walked us through a block of interconnected houses , where the rebels who occupied Sbeineh for nearly a year punched holes through the walls in order to move safely from apartment to apartment , rather than fall prey to a sniper 's scope out in the streets . Government soldiers also uncovered a series of tunnels that the rebels were using to get supplies towards the front line . In one apartment we find a huge hole in the ground leading down to a tunnel used to smuggle weapons and ammunition to a sniper 's vantage point at the other end . "  Our soldiers took heavy casualties from this position , " Abu Aksam said . "  It was very difficult to get this done , but we did it , and we will keep going until the end because we believe in our country . " Syrian troops showed us various locations in Sbeineh they claim served as headquarters for rebel groups ranging from the moderate Free Syrian Army to the Islamist Jabhat al-Nusra . Aksam also took us to a room that he says served as weapons-manufacturing workshop for opposition fighters . Aksam says rebels used these improvised mini-factories to make mortars , rockets and improvised bombs . "  They used the tools to make mortars and rockets and used gas cylinders to make very large bombs , " he said , standing amid the debris inside the room . The government says Sbeineh was vital for resupplying its fighters in the southern outskirts of Damascus . Losing areas around the capital dealt a heavy blow to the Syrian regime 's efforts to win the war , and the government has made it a priority to take the suburbs back . The Syrian army 's victory at Sbeineh was a strategic triumph for the government as it tries to unseat rebels from the large swaths of territory they 've taken east and south of the capital . But while the soldiers rejoice at their hard-fought win , the real losers are the citizens of this once vibrant suburb who wo n't be able to return any time soon . Read more : Front line battles take Syria 's suburbs back to ` stone age ' Read more : Suicide bombing in central Damascus kills four	Reclaiming southern , eastern suburbs of Damascus from rebels is Syrian regime priority Syrian troops retook Sbeineh from opposition fighters after brutal siege in November Government says Sbeineh was key supply line to other suburbs for opposition troops
The first overseas tour by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge -- North America -- was an undisputed triumph . The couple , still basking in the glow of their globally televised wedding , drew vast crowds throughout Canada and California . Will their hosts in Southeast Asia be charmed as easily ? Here 's my best guess as to where and when the likely highlights will be . The most poignant moment would undoubtedly be at the start of the tour in Singapore . In 1997 , the Singapore Botanic Gardens named an orchid after Prince William 's mother , Diana , with the intention of presenting it to her on her next visit -- but she died before she had a chance to see it . William completed what Diana could not on the first day of his tour Tuesday . He and his wife also had an orchid named after them . The next stop , Malaysia , will take on a more excitable tone -- and it 's all about Catherine . A bigger population means bigger crowds , and the British High Commission is doing what it can to whip up interest by tweeting details of where you can rub shoulders with the couple . The Duchess will give only her second public speech at a hospice in Kuala Lumpur . Public speaking does n't come naturally to Catherine , but she clearly wants to make the hospice movement a key part of her public role : her first public speech as a royal was at East Anglia 's Children 's Hospices , the hospice charity she supports in the UK . Catherine will be more comfortable on Thursday night for what 's set to be the most glamorous evening of the tour : full frocks and rocks for a state dinner hosted by the King of Malaysia , whose name -- Almu ` tasimu Billahi Muhibbuddin Tuanku Alhaj Abdul Halim Mu'adzam Shah Ibni Almarhum Sultan Badlishah -- takes some getting used to . Luckily for the Duke and Duchess , the king -- who attended Oxford University -- speaks fluent English . From the city to the jungles of Borneo on Saturday and the couple will visit a conservation project in Sabah , recommended to them by Prince Charles , who shares a passion for the environment with his eldest son . Royal photographers are holding out for an encounter with orangutans as the couple negotiate rope bridges high up in the forest canopy . On Sunday , expect a big South Pacific welcome in the Solomon Islands and a canoe trip to paradise . After a series of formal engagements , the Duke and Duchess will spend the night at the luxury Tuvanipupu resort before heading off to their final destination : the remote island of Tuvalu , where the Queen is head of state and her husband , Prince Philip , is revered as a god . When William 's grandparents visited Tuvalu they were carried on the shoulders of warriors , creating one of the abiding images of the Queen 's 60-year reign . The Duke and Duchess are likely to get the same treatment when they arrive there next week as they cement their role as the next generation of British -- and Tuvaluan -- royalty .	Duke and Duchess of Cambridge hope to repeat success of their North America tour Stops on their itinerary include Singapore , Malaysia and Borneo Final stop is Tuvalu , where Prince William 's grandfather , Prince Philip , is revered as a god
CNN  -- A 13-year-old girl is dead and her mother is behind bars , accused of stabbing her ex-husband and trying to kill her children by poisoning them . Officers in Casa Grande , Arizona , responded to a 911 call on Christmas Day . A man said that his ex-wife , 35-year-old Connie Villa , had stabbed him but that he had managed to escape and was driving himself to a hospital , police said in a statement . When officers arrived at the home , they found Villa with stab wounds , holding a knife to her chest . They managed to subdue her and conducted a sweep of the home . Police found the body of Aniarael Macias , Villa 's daughter , in the bathroom . "  Although an autopsy for Aniarael was conducted yesterday in Pima County , the results of which did not identify a cause of death , investigators feel the evidence found at the scene of the crime along with interviews and medical information of the surviving children , give our Department cause to believe Connie Villa was attempting to end the lives of all of her children and her ex-husband , Adam Villa , " the statement read . Connie Villa faces one count of first degree murder in the death of her daughter . She is also being charged with four counts of attempted murder of her ex-husband and her three surviving children , ages 3 , 5 and 8 . Police say she forced her children to take prescription narcotic drugs . The three children had trace amounts of opiates in their systems . All are in good condition and were placed with the family of their father , Adam Villa , 33 . He is in stable condition . Connie Villa was released Sunday from Maricopa Medical Center , where she was treated for what investigators believe were self-inflicted stab wounds . She was arrested the same day . According to Thomas Anderson , a police spokesman , she has made an initial appearance in court . No bond was given . Aniarael 's father released a statement asking for privacy and prayers . "  On behalf of Michael Macias , Ania 's father , Vera Macias , Ania 's grandmother and extended family , we request that the focus of this tragedy be a celebration of our precious Ania 's life . She was a gentle , kind and beautiful spirit who was taken from us much too soon . Michael and his family are heartbroken , " it read . "  We are writing this statement in hopes that the media and other outlets will allow Michael and our family to grieve peacefully . We thank everyone for the outpouring of support for our family . We appreciate your prayers and positive thoughts . We pray that justice will be served . "	Connie Villa faces one count of murder in the death of her daughter , Aniarael She is also being charged with four counts of attempted murder Her surviving children had trace amounts of opiates in their systems , police say Aniarael 's father asks for privacy and prayers
CNN  -- President Barack Obama said on Thursday the United States will "  not rule anything out " with regard to the situation in Iraq , but that it will need more help . Obama made the remarks at the White House as the security situation worsens with Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , firmly under the control of the militant group the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . U.S. officials previously said things there are "  extremely urgent " and the United States is looking to see what more support it can provide . "  This is an area that we have been watching with a lot of concern , " Obama said , noting the United States and the international community should extend additional support . "  So my team is working around the clock to identify how we can provide the most effective assistance to them , " Obama said . "  I do n't rule out anything because we do have a stake in making sure that these jihadists are not getting a permanent foothold in either Iraq or Syria , for that matter . " However , a senior administration official followed up by saying the use of American ground forces is not under consideration . "  No boots on the ground . Not being considered , " the official said . Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari told CNN on Thursday that no one is calling for "  American troops into Iraq . " He said Washington has been cooperative and has a responsibility to be proactive in the current fight against militants . The U.S. government has already provided $ 15 billion in training , weapons and equipment to the Iraqi government . Iraq on Wednesday indicated a willingness for U.S. airstrikes . But there has been no indication if that 's under consideration . Obama also came under pressure over Iraq from foreign policy critics in Congress . "  The President should get rid of his entire national security including the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , " Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican , said prior to a classified briefing for Armed Services Committee members . He said Obama should bring back David Petraeus , the former commander of American forces during a decisive period of the Iraq War , among other Bush-era generals to "  turn this whole situation around . " Although McCain was highly critical of Obama 's handling of Iraq , he did not advocate for military airstrikes . House Speaker John Boehner declined to take a stance but suggested the Obama administration should have taken action earlier . "  I think what we should do is to provide the equipment and technical assistance that the Iraqis have been asking for , " the Ohio Republican said . "  But it 's not like we have n't seen this problem coming for over a year , and it 's not like we have n't seen over the last five or six months , these terrorists moving in , taking control of western Iraq , now they 've taken control of Mosul , they 're 100 miles from Baghdad , and what 's the President doing ? Taking a nap , " Boehner added . Another reliable voice against the administration 's foreign policy agenda , Sen. Lindsey Graham , acknowledged that Americans are tired of dealing with conflicts in the Middle East . "  But the people that are moving into Iraq and holding ground in Syria have on their agenda not only to drive us out of the Mideast but hit our homeland , " he said . Some Democrats , however , urged caution about getting involved in Iraq , vacated by American troops only three years ago . "  I do n't think there 's any appetite in our country for us to become engaged in any more military activity in Iraq , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said . "  Are we going to refight the war that we just got out of ? " she asked . Sen. Carl Levin , a Democrat from Michigan who chairs the Armed Services Committee , told reporters that all options should be on the table but warned against a hasty response . Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein , a Democrat from California , also expressed concern , indicating the outcome could be devastating if militants continue to move forward . 5 predictions revisited : Iraq 's troubles are years in the making The siege of Mosul : What 's happening ? Recording : ISIS promises more fighting in more Iraqi cities CNN 's Jim Acosta , Laura Bernardini and Dana Davidsen contributed to this report .	President Obama addresses the worsening security situation in Iraq Obama says the the United States will not rule anything out But a senior administration official says there will be no U.S. "  boots on the ground " NEW : Sen. John McCain says Obama should fire national security staff , call back David Petraeus
CNN  -- Marla Frazee can remember the moment she pulled "  Where the Wild Things Are " by Maurice Sendak out of the library shelves filled with picture books . Frazee , a two-time Caldecott-Honor winner for "  A Couple of Boys Have the Best Week Ever " and "  All the World , " was already 8 years old . But the budding illustrator was completely absorbed by the images she found in picture books . "  Even though I was already a reader , what blew me away were the pictures , and specifically the three pages where Max 's bedroom turns into a forest , " said Frazee . "  I remember sitting back on my heels floored by the magic of that scene . How did he change the original bedroom into a forest in just these three pages ? I paged back and forth to see how it happened . " Parents who grew up on the books of Maurice Sendak and the children 's book authors and illustrators he influenced mourned his death Tuesday . Sendak , who illustrated nearly 100 books over the course of his career , died from complications after a stroke , according to his publisher , HarperCollins . Children 's literature as an art form Sendak elevated the art of children 's literature over the course of his 60-year career , portraying children as imperfect , normal in their range of feelings and worthy of complex and profound illustrations in their stories . "  He opened the door for everyone who has come since in the children 's book world to write about the powerful emotional experiences of young children , " said Leonard Marcus , a historian of children 's literature . "  Prior to ` Where the Wild Things Are , ' you did n't see young children throwing tantrums in picture books . Informed by psychology , he was showing young children that those powerful unnamable feelings that they had were a natural part of being . He was also showing that to parents around the world , helping them to understand something that was alarming to them . " iReport : RIP Mr. Sendak and a "  Where the Wild Things Are " tattoo "  Arthur " series creator Marc Brown credits Sendak with making him aware of picture books "  as a powerful expression of art and ideas . " "  My first Sendak experience was reading ` Where the Wild Things Are ' to my little sister and a giant light bulb went off over my head : This is something I want to do , " wrote Brown , creator of the Arthur Adventure series and creative producer of the accompanying children 's PBS television program . "  The power of his images and the sparse verse that told volumes was very moving . " Inspiring future illustrators to interact with their audiences "  Where the Wild Things Are " reminds children 's author and illustrator Todd Parr of childhood cuddle time with his grandmother . "  As an artist , it was Max and all the different faces of the monsters that inspired me to want to draw them , " he said . "  As a storyteller , it taught me how to engage my audience , and make them part of my books -- not just sit there and be quiet . " The books remain popular because Sendak told the truth about children 's lives , according to John Sellers , children 's reviews editor at Publishers Weekly . "  He never backed away from addressing the darker side of childhood in his stories , and it 's because of that respect and honesty that his books are so treasured , " said Sellers . Philadelphia mother Tara Desmond can remember reading Sendak 's books during her elementary school years in the 1980s , and the whimsical world he crafted . "  My parents transformed our cellar into a play space  in the early 1980s  and there were great big aluminum cutouts of the monsters from ` Where the Wild Things Are ' on the walls , " Desmond said . "  We spent a lot of time down there playing , so every time I see those monsters , I have a flashback to seeing them on the way downstairs . Some kids are scared of them , but they always seem like happy hosts to a land of imagination to me . " ` God bless milk and God bless me ! ' Now Desmond reads "  In the Night Kitchen " to her 2-year-old daughter . "  Despite the strangeness of naked Mickey tumbling through the sky and into a giant bottle of milk , the colors and pictures and dialogue of that book catapult me back to being captivated by all of it as a kid , and snickering with my brother at the scandalous anatomical detail , " she said . Recently at breakfast , her daughter quoted the book , saying , "  God bless milk and God bless me ! " Since reading Sendak 's most famous work to her children  ages 3 and 5  , Shannon Dingle has noticed that they turn any ordinary drive into an adventure with wild things . "  They love acting things out and imagining , and are very big into the wild and jungles , " said Dingle , of Raleigh , North Carolina . "  If there are trees on either side of the road , they are imagining wild things in the trees even when we 're just driving down the road . " Spike Jonze : the connection between Sendak and Yauch Just as Sendak kindled a spark of creativity in Marla Frazee and Marc Brown all those years ago , it seems that children hearing his stories today are inspired to create . After San Diego mother Sarah Hilliard read "  Pierre : A Cautionary Tale in Five Chapters and a Prologue " to her 5-year-old son , he recruited his parents to help him make a movie from the book . "  The most remarkable thing for me about my child 's connection to Sendak is that the books inspire him to create his own art and to think about art and literature in bigger ways , " said Hilliard . "  It 's not just a story to read ; it 's the realization of whole other worlds to explore and create . " What is your favorite Maurice Sendak book ? Please share in the comments below !	Maurice Sendak portrayed children 's intense feelings as normal His work inspired generations of future author-illustrators of children 's books His books help children create and explore the worlds within their imaginations
The Frisky  -- Kate Gosselin has had some tough blows this year and Hugh Hefner has dealt her another one . When asked if there was any possibility that Momzilla would grace the glossy covers of Playboy , Hef said , "  No ! No ! " And the original playboy added insult to injury by suggesting he does n't even know why she 's on "  Dancing with the Stars . " He explained , "  I do n't think she 's a celebrity . " She is the second Gosselin rejected from the porno business . It must hurt to hear that no one wants to check out your goody basket . The Frisky : 10 famous female cheaters Do n't worry , Kate , you 're not the only celebrity to fall short of Hef 's stringent standards . You 're not even the only celebrity on "  DWTS " to be rejected ! Here are some others who were told to "  keep it on . " Audrina Patridge Remember when Audrina Patridge "  accidentally " leaked some topless photos and was "  so embarrassed ? " It turned out that she hired a photographer to do the photo shoot when she was 19 years old , to submit to Playboy , but they did n't want to publish the pics . I ca n't really imagine a better fit for the magazine . Maybe they just did n't dig the schoolgirl-in-her-parents-pool set-up ? The Frisky - 10 reality stars with shady pasts Kelly Osbourne Way back in 2006 , Kelly Osbourne expressed interest in taking it off for Playboy but said some of her body parts "  would need some airbrushing . " In response , Hugh Hefner said , "  I ca n't see it happening somehow ; we do n't airbrush to that extent . " Jeez , Hef , grow some tact ! I wonder if Hef is bummed now that Kelly is thinner , tan , and more Playboy 's speed ? Bridget Marquardt Bridget Marquardt might have been one of the "  Girls Next Door , " but apparently , she could n't get in the door at Playboy . After a couple of failed test shoots , she was rejected from being a Playmate , but the Hef welcomed her into his brothel of babes . It seems like a much better deal to get the riches and fame without getting naked . So much for being the dumb one ! The Frisky : Hairstyles that must die on 12 famous men Britney Spears Britney Spears was n't exactly rejected , but she was put on the cooler until she stopped acting so nutty . Playboy reps said , "  Hef has said that he is more than happy to feature Britney in the magazine once she can put herself back on the road to recovery . " Really ? You 're asking her to get her act together and then pose naked ? Is n't it supposed to be the other way around ? The Frisky : 12 bizarro celebrity look-alikes The "  royal " housewife When "  Real Housewives of New York City " reality star and former model Kelly Bensimon announced she was doing Playboy , Countess LuAnn de Lesseps was all , "  No one asked me ! " But she has since changed her tune . She says , "  I think my 15-year-old would have a heart attack if I were to do Playboy . It 's not something I really want to do . " It 's generally a good idea to feign disinterest in things that totally are n't going to happen . I 've already emailed John Mayer to tell him I wo n't date him . He 's probably really sad . " Russian lesbian pop stars TATU Remember that awesome Russian lesbian singing duo , TATU ? They did that song "  All the Things She Said " and that cover of "  How Soon is Now " ? Well , they were really excited to pose for Playboy when they both turned 18 , but German and American editions of the magazine said they were n't interested ! They did get a blurb in the music section of Playboy , but had to keep their clothes on , which , judging from their music videos , was really hard for them . The Frisky : 10 celebrities who were bullied "  The Partridge Family " mom Shirley Jones , who played the mom on "  The Partridge Family , " might be 75 years old , but that did n't stop her from posing for some sexy test shots , featuring legs and cleave . But Hefner rejected the pictures , apparently because he "  expected more nudity " from the actress . I think at 75 , if the biggest insult Hugh Hefner can give you is that he wants to see more of you naked , you 've totally won . TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Kate Gosselin is n't the only celebrity to fall short of Hef 's stringent standards When Audrina Patridge was 19 , she hired a photographer to take photos of her topless Hefner rejected pictures of Shirley Jones because he "  expected more nudity "
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton was the fastest racer in the West as he won the United States Grand Prix to add fuel to his world title chances . Flags and banners bearing his name waved under sunny skies at the circuit outside the Texan city of Austin -- and he did not disappoint the grandstands . Hamilton daringly dived up the inside of Nico Rosberg on lap 24 to snatch the lead from his Mercedes teammate . "  Nico was n't defending really and I almost caught him unaware , Hamilton later said of the maneuver . "  There was n't a moment in the race when I did n't think I could get him . " The victory was Hamilton 's 10th of the season and moved him 24 points clear of his fierce title rival with two races left to go . But even if Hamilton wins next week 's Brazilian Grand Prix just ahead of Rosberg , there is still a chance the 2008 champion will be denied a second title . A new ruling for 2014 will see double points awarded at the last race in Abu Dhabi -- which means a win is worth 50 points instead of 25 . There were swirling suggestions in Austin that Mercedes are privately worried that a final twist of fate in this fierce title race lies ahead in the desert denouement . Perhaps unsurprisingly though , Rosberg spoke favorably of the rule change . "  For me it 's great to hear because there 's a definite shot at the championship , " he said . Elsewhere , Daniel Ricciardo -- the only driver other than the Mercedes duo to take the checkered flag this season -- finished third for Red Bull after another battling race in Austin . "  It was n't boring out there , " the Australian said . "  We had good pace , we were strong . I 'm really happy with the third -- I think it was the best we could do today . But despite Ricciardo 's excitement just 18 cars -- instead of the full complement of 22 -- lined up here on the Texan grid . The Caterham and Marussia teams were forced to miss the race because of financial difficulties and have also dropped out of next week 's Brazilian Grand Prix . Caterham racer Marcus Ericsson chose to attend the U.S. Grand Prix anyway but he told CNN , "  I was out racing with these guys a couple of weeks ago in Russia and now I 'm not racing . "  It 's disappointing and strange . " For others at the heart of Formula One , the race weekend was also clouded with concern over the sport 's financial future . Bernie Ecclestone , the sport 's commercial rights holder , took the unusual step of holding a media conference at the Circuit of the Americas . "  We have to decide the best way to sort this whole thing out , " said Ecclestone , who had earlier hinted the grid could shrink to 14 cars next season because of the growing costs of running an F1 team . "  Frankly , I know what 's wrong but do n't know how to fix it . No one is prepared to do anything about it because they ca n't . " Ecclestone was referring to the complex commercial agreement the teams have signed that binds them until 2020 . The sport 's governing body , the FIA , issued a statement saying it was "  in favor of any initiative that will help reduce costs in order to ensure the survival of the existing grid . " While there may be two races left to settle the 2014 world title and double points on offer come the finale , for the teams lower down the grid it may be a case of double or quits when it comes to their finances .	Lewis Hamilton of Mercedes wins U.S. Grand Prix in Austin , Texas British driver held off teammate Nico Rosberg to extend championship lead Just 18 cars instead of full 22 took part in race due financial difficulties at Caterham and Marussia
London  CNN  -- The year 2012 is a significant one in the Maya calendar . The ancient long count calendar of the Maya , a Mesoamerican civilization that flourished across Mexico and Central America from 2000 BC to the time of the Spanish Conquistadores , states that on the 12th December , 2012 , the sun will be aligned with the center of the Milky Way for the first time in approximately 26,000 years . And 21 December , 2012 , is said to mark the end of the 13th Maya Calendar , a 144,000-day cycle or "  b ` ak ` tun " since the mythical Maya day of creation 5,200 years ago . Though popularly interpreted as signifying the "  end of the world as we know it , " scholars stress that the end of the "  b ` ak ` tun " does not mean apocalypse . While few Maya people still follow the long count calendar , the Global Heritage Fund is celebrating the event by naming 2012 "  The Year of the Maya , " with members of the Fund greeting the winter solstice on top of La Danta pyramid at the El Mirador site in Guatemala . "  Experiencing the Winter Solstice on the summit of La Danta is thought to be one of the greatest opportunities to experience the end of the 13th Maya calendar and dawn of a new age , " said Jeff Morgan , Executive Director of the Global Heritage Fund . But their celebrations have a serious side : the Global Heritage Fund is highlighting the dangers to Mayan sites such as El Mirador , which are threatened by looting and deforestation , and hoping to secure the investment to turn these neglected spots into thriving and sustainable tourist destinations . "  Tikal National Park  in Guatemala  has proven that major Maya archaeological sites are economically sustainable through visitation and with appropriate investment , can generate hundreds of millions of dollars for conservation and maintenance of both the cultural and natural heritage , " said Morgan . CNN 's World 's Treasures asked Morgan to compile a list of key Maya sites across LatinAmerica for Maya-enthusiasts keen to ring in the dawn of a new era sitting on the monumental steps of a temple or at the summit of an ancient pyramid . Chichen Itza The site of Chichen Itza is a key sacred spot in Mexico 's southern Yucatan peninsula -- the settlement is believed to date back to the 5th century AD . Its architecture is a blend of Maya and Toltec styles . It was the Toltec -- warrior peoples from the Mexican plateau -- who imposed the practice of ritual sacrifice at the site . Covering a huge surface area , this UNESCO World Heritage Site is rich in monuments , chief of which is the stepped pyramid temple of Kukulkan , as well as a Great Ball Court , where visitors can picture deadly ball games taking place . Tulum Though not extensive , this clifftop site in Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula is certainly picturesque , overlooking the turquoise waters of the Caribbean Sea . A photo-friendly beauty spot , Tulum is a relaxed pit-stop on the itinerary . A dip in the sea should revive any temple-weary travelers . Palenque Also a UNESCO World Heritage Site , Palenque , in Chiapas , Mexico , is nestled deep in the jungle , the tops of its many temples often wreathed in mist . The site boasts stepped pyramids , including the impressive Temple of Inscriptions , carved stone walls and even the burial site of Pakal the Great , Palenque 's 7th-century ruler . Tikal Tikal is set in an ecological reserve in Guatemala -- its ruins are believed to date from as far back as 600 BC , and at one point the city was thought to be inhabited by 90 , 000 people . Temples , palaces , and public squares abound : If you want to go off the main tourist beat , you can explore the many ruins lying seemingly half-forgotten in the surrounding jungle . Not just a historical treasure , the land on which Tikal rests is a natural beauty spot , home to numerous protected species of flora and fauna . Copan The Maya civilization spanned much of Central America and this site in Honduras is thought to have been inhabited as far back as 2000 BC . Abandoned for centuries , it was rediscovered in 1570 by a Spanish explorer named Diego Garcia de Palacio . The site is another maze of temples , plazas , altar complexes and ball courts , and of particular note is the Hieroglyphic Stairway Plaza , a monumental 100-meter-wide stairway bearing a long Mayan inscription composed of numerous glyphs .	2012 is key date on Maya calendar , said to be start of new era , not end of world Global Heritage Fund is celebrating by naming 2012 "  Year of the Maya " Aim is to highlight problems of looting and deforestation that threaten sites Executive director suggests 5 key Maya sites for enthusiasts and novices to visit
CNN  -- Love was in the air on Sunday for Dottie Coven and Keith Stewart . Business travelers and frequent fliers on Southwest Airlines , the couple from Corydon , Indiana , decided there was no place they 'd rather marry than while flying . And why not land at the airport known for love -- Dallas Love Field -- after the happy occasion ? That 's why they approached Southwest with their idea of being married in the air . The airline was game . After all , it 's famous for its fun , including flight attendants who entertain , wedding proposals and even rewarding flight attendants who are especially good to customers  After a customer praised one flight attendant on Twitter midflight , the airline publicly honored her with a giant cookie  . But this was the Southwest 's first wedding where the airline joined the wedding planning team from departure gate to arrival gate .  Follow the fun using Southwest 's hashtag #nonstoplove . With a band playing and balloons decorating the jetway , the happy couple and about 30 friends and family boarded Southwest Flight 4058 in Nashville for the ceremony . About 100 unsuspecting fellow passengers received an extra boarding pass inviting them to celebrate . A flower girl walking down the aisle handed out peanuts to start the ceremony , followed by an officiant using the loudspeaker to perform the marriage of Coven and Stewart . There were modifications for the unique location : "  If anyone can show just cause why they might not be lawfully joined together , let them push their flight attendant call button now or forever hold your peace . " The airline had a reason for highlighting this particular route : The wedding took place on Southwest 's first nonstop flight from Nashville to Dallas Love Field . The airline had been prevented from offering that particular route under the Wright Amendment , which Congress passed in 1979 to allow only flights from Love Field to neighboring states  with a few exceptions  . Congress repealed the law in 2006 , and it expired in October . The Stewarts were heading to their honeymoon in Puerto Rico on Monday morning , a gift of the airline . Puerto Rico is another relatively new destination for Southwest Airlines , which moved into the international market after its 2010 purchase of AirTran  and its international routes  . Lasting connections : Love at the airport	Dottie Coven and Keith Stewart say "  I do " in the air About 100 unsuspecting fliers attended the wedding Anyone objecting to the wedding could press their flight attendant call button
CNN  -- Like clockwork , waitress Zoe Spawton would spot Ali walking past her Berlin cafe every morning around 9 while she was setting up sidewalk furniture . Naturally , the mustachioed 83-year-old stood out in his impeccably tailored suits and bold ensembles usually topped off with an oddball flourish , be it a Nike knit cap , a diamante skull baseball cap or a silver chain around his neck . "  His outfits were so put together and he obviously took great pride in his appearance , " said Spawton , a 29-year-old photographer from Australia who has lived in Berlin for almost a year . "  Also , it was the way he walked , " she said in a Skype interview Thursday . "  He obviously had a bit of swagger . " It took a few weeks of nodding , smiling and greeting Ali in broken German for Spawton to work up the courage to for his picture . He obliged and thus was born "  What Ali Wore , " Spawton 's popular blog documenting Ali 's daily sartorial choices . The Tumblr blew up on social media this week after a German street style blog featured an interview with her on Monday . Since then , Spawton said she has been fielding e-mails and interview requests from media outlets all over the world and new fans eager for a glimpse into Ali 's life . Related : Aging stylishly , online and in the streets With just 31 images to date taken since August , something about Ali has captured the public 's imagination . Maybe it 's the way he leans into the camera with a beckoning stare , or his seamless transition from head-to-toe camouflage on one day to glen plaid three-piece suit the next . "  It 's a simple sort of idea but people are curious about other people . It 's been an interesting week , for sure , " said Spawton . She declined to give Ali 's last name or say where he worked , citing concerns for his privacy . People tell her that Ali reminds them of their father or grandfather , she said , or that they can see the friendship developing between them with each photo . "  What Ali Wore " comes off part style blog , part private journal documenting the relationship between a man in his twilight years and the rapt young woman whose attention he has caught as it evolves along with his transition from blazers and sport coats to puffy winter jackets . "  First photo ! Ali walks past the cafe I work at in Berlin every morning at 9:05 am , " Spawton wrote in her inaugural post in October , featuring Ali in a crimson shirt with matching pointy boots and white creased slacks . "  He always wears such great clothes . I do n't speak much German and he speaks a little bit of English , but I managed to ask if I could take his photo . He gladly accepted . " After that day , Ali began adopting the tilted pose that has become his signature , she said . He also began to bring her small gifts , like a piece of fruit or chocolate . He also appeared to start dressing for the shots , declining on some days to be photographed if he 'd worn the same thing earlier in the week , she said . "  Today was my first day back at work after two weeks and I think Ali and I were equally excited to see each other , " she posted on in January . "  We 've seen this suit before , however the way he is working that coat  and a new pose !  is just wonderful ! " She eventually learned that he worked six days as a tailor nearby and that he made some of his own clothes . Otherwise , because of their language barrier , Spawton says she knew practically nothing about him until the two met randomly one night on the tram . She was returning home from visiting a friend and he was nursing a beer while on his way home , she said . She learned that he was originally from Turkey and lived in Berlin for 44 years . He was a retired doctor who now worked as a tailor and that he had lived alone for at least 10 years . Oh , and he has 18 children , she said . "  What an amazing life . Ca n't wait to learn more , " she posted on her blog . Since then she has not learned a whole lot more , though the two have gone on one extracurricular excursion to an apple orchard with his colleague from the alterations shop , she said . "  There 's only a handful that we can say , " she said . "  But in a way , when I do manage to glean those little bits of information from him , it makes it all the more rewarding . " She went to his shop for the first time last week to get measured after he informed her earlier this month that he was going to make her a skirt , she said . His flirtatious side came out as he asked her if she wanted a mini-skirt ; she opted for something just above the knee . Maybe it 's his age , or the lack of commitment except for the promise of a photograph in exchange for being friendly , but there 's just something unthreatening about him , she said . "  It feels so simple , just a friendship where we enjoy seeing each other , " she said . "  He seems to enjoy having his photographs taken . It must be nice to have it acknowledged that he 's a stylish man . " The attention has been somewhat overwhelming , she said , but she appreciates it and so does Ali . She told him about it earlier this week in her broken German and she got the impression that he understood , and might have even stepped up his game for his new fans . "  I feel as though Ali might have had an inkling that there would be a few more people seeing his photo today , " she said on her blog Thursday of his black striped suit , matching hat and red silk tie . "  This is quite the outfit ! " Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	Berlin waitress Zoe Spawton saw Ali pass her cafe each morning Spawton noticed he was exceptionally well-dressed She asked to take his picture one day spawning blog "  What Ali Wore "
CNN  -- The second Boston bombing suspect is in custody . Now everyone will focus on what it all means , what "  lesson " we can learn from the events . This is Martin Richard 's lesson : "  No more hurting people . " Martin Richard was one of three innocent bystanders to die on Patriot 's Day . As we debate issues of life and death in our state legislatures and Congress , we need to keep the picture of this boy and his sign not in our memories or Facebook walls , but on display . The worldwide response to that picture -- which his teacher , Rachel Moo , said was made as part of a school lesson on the shooting of Trayvon Martin -- has been both heart-stirring and heartbreaking . People are striving to remember and to honor , yes ; even more , though , they are trying to make his words real . Everyone killed in the Boston bombing , and during the events that flowed from it , was under 30 . Martin Richard was 8 years old ; how will his classmates handle their grief ? Krystle Campbell , age 29 , had moved to live with and help care for her ailing grandmother . Doctors had told Krystle 's mother she had survived the blast , but they had mistaken Krystle 's friend for Krystle . What must her mother and grandmother feel ? Lingzi Lu was a 23-year-old graduate student , the only child of her parents in China , who said learning of her death was "  a dagger in our hearts . " Sean Collier , 26 , was shot multiple times while in his cruiser without drawing his gun . He had been a campus policeman with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for only a little over a year , and volunteered at the gym where one suspect trained as a boxer . Three days after the bombing of the Boston Marathon , the U.S. Senate defeated a bipartisan proposal aimed at curbing gun violence ; it would have required more widespread background checks for gun purchasers , something 90 % of Americans want . As a result of the bombing , immigration reform may soon become another political pingpong ball in the dysfunctional Senate . Every pundit and every politician feels every bit of bombast is justified . And the children ? Pictures and comments , memorials on Facebook . That 's all . "  No more hurting people . Peace . " The injured : Martin 's father and older brother , Henry , escaped injury . His 6-year-old sister , Jane , lost a leg . Martin 's mother , Denise Richard , 43 , had brain surgery for a serious injury . The father , Bill Richard , 42 , returned home briefly from the hospital to get clothing , and a neighbor said he was pale , almost dazed , and too grief-stricken to talk . The sidewalk in front of their house is still covered with colored chalk drawings of butterflies , flowers , and stars that Richard and his sister had drawn before leaving for the marathon . Jack Hart , a former state senator , told the Boston Globe that the Richards are "  pillars of the community ... a model family , who somehow always found the time to give something back . " "  Any tragedy of this sort is extraordinarily difficult , but when you know people , when it 's people in your life , in your school , that 's when it really hits home , " The Boston Globe quoted a classmate of Martin 's , Colin Baker , 9 , who said about Martin : "  If somebody was left out , he would come say , ` Want to join my group ? ' He sticks up for kids . " "  It should not have happened to him , " Colin said to the Globe . "  It should not have happened to nobody . " As I read and hear these responses , I keep thinking , what are we -- the adults -- what are we telling the children ? Do we think they do n't see the hollowness behind our hallowed words ? Do we think they do n't know the difference between courage and cowardice ? There 's a clich  : "  Perfect is the enemy of the good . " Apparently , legislation must be perfect , because even after this horror , we are still finding ways to divide people . Should suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev be treated as an enemy combatant ? Did the intelligence community pay little heed to the warning it received ? Questions . Questions . But let us pause to bury our dead and stand by the wounded as their struggle with the new reality of their lives . Some will have to learn how to simply stand up again -- wounded forever . We should hold Martin 's sign in our hearts and resolve to do better . Because , with President Barack Obama , "  I 'm assuming our expressions of grief and our commitment to do something different to prevent these things from happening are not empty words . " I , too , believe that , "  sooner or later , we are going to get this right . The memories of those who died and many who are still suffering demand it . " "  No more hurting people . Peace . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	8-year-old Boston marathon victim had carried sign , "  No more hurting people " Donna Brazile says others who died were also under 30 and were innocent victims of terror During the same week , a bill to require background checks for more gun purchasers failed Brazile : Will we continue to fail victims of senseless violence ?
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Free James Willie Jones ! The world is upside down . The act of children bullying the vulnerable has become so common that many adults no longer seem to notice or care , much less do anything to stop it . But when a video clip on YouTube shows a father defending his daughter from bullies , some people go ballistic . What used to be considered unacceptable is now thought to be normal , and what used to be normal is now unacceptable . Jones is facing two misdemeanor charges of disorderly conduct and disturbing a school function . He was released from jail after posting a $ 2,000 bond . It 's all because , three weeks ago , the 42-year-old father from Lake Mary , Florida , stormed onto a school bus and -- in a screed captured on video -- threatened the bus driver and some of the students with bodily harm . "  Now everybody sit down ; sit down , " Jones says on the tape . And then , addressing his daughter : "  Show me which one . Show me which one . " The girl points in the direction of a group of students , which Jones then approaches . He told them : "  This is my daughter , and I will kill the -LSB- expletive -RSB- who fought her . " He also threatened the bus driver . Jones obviously behaved badly . But he was trying to do the right thing . He did n't board that bus to bully students as some have suggested . This is n't a story about a grown man terrorizing kids for the fun of it . He was there to defend and protect his 13-year-old daughter , who had been terrorized by real bullies who -- according to what Jones told deputies -- teased his daughter , spat on her , poked her , pushed her , smacked her on the back of her head , twisted her ear and shouted rude comments at her . They even threw a liquid-filled condom at another girl , and fragments hit Jones ' daughter . According to the sheriff 's report , this abuse eventually drove the girl , who has cerebral palsy , to have an emotional breakdown and threaten suicide . Meanwhile , the officials at Greenwood Lakes Middle School have taken a break from PE and PTA to do a little CYA . School spokeswoman Regina Murray Klaers told The Associated Press in an e-mail that Jones did not share with school administrators any concerns about his daughter being bullied . Jones ' wife , Deborah McFadden-Jones , told the AP that she left messages with a school guidance counselor but that she never heard back . As the father told Kiran Chetry , co-host of CNN 's "  American Morning , " when he learned of the abuse , he acted on instinct . "  She finally opened up and told me what was going on , " Jones said . "  And from there , you know , being a dad just loving my daughter ... and just loving all my kids , you know . ... -LSB- At -RSB- that point , my heart broke when I -LSB- saw -RSB- her standing there ... -LSB- she -RSB- was n't going to get on the bus crying . And a dad is a dad . And I was going to be her protector that day . " That 's what this was : A father protecting his daughter . And if that little girl could n't rely on her dad to protect her , just whom in this world is she supposed to rely on ? At an emotional news conference this week , Jones acknowledged that his behavior was wrong and apologized for it . "  If you see the tape , " he said , "  I feel like I was backed up against the wall as a parent . I just did n't know where else to go . " Yet , Jones said , parents should not follow his example . "  We definitely do n't want to promote that , " he said . "  We do n't want vigilantes going on buses , threatening kids , because kids have rights too . " Oh yeah , as Americans , we have rights . We know all about our rights . We assert our rights . We do n't think twice about hiring lawyers to defend our rights . But what we have trouble with is the other half of the social contract : responsibility . That includes the responsibility to treat one another with dignity and respect , and not prey on those who ca n't defend themselves . And the responsibility of parents to raise good kids who do n't get their jollies from causing classmates mental and emotional anguish . And the responsibility of school officials to take seriously the idea that they act in loco parentis  in place of parents  and that our children 's safety rests in their hands . Jones ' attorney has said she is hoping to get the charges against him dropped . She has even offered to have her client give speeches against bullying as a form of community service . The attorney is half right . The charges in this case should be dropped -- immediately . And I 'd like to see charges filed against the teenage bullies . In an ideal world , we 'd also charge their parents for bungling the job of raising these kids . But Jones should n't waste his time giving speeches about bullying . Instead , he should lecture audiences about something that is really important to our society and that a lot of people do n't know how to do but that he seems pretty good at : parenting . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : YouTube video shows dad yelling at kids who bullied his daughter on bus World upside down when dad arrested for doing what adults there should have done , he says Dad regrets actions ; says kids have rights too . Writer : other adults had responsibilities Navarrette : Charges should be dropped , dad should lecture lax parents about parenting
CNN  For a generation of moviegoers in the early 1990s , "  Pretty Woman " was a cultural touchstone . The breezy comedy had all the key elements of romantic fantasy : a plucky , down-on-her-luck heroine , a rich , dashing prince and a Cinderella love story with a fairy-tale ending . Most of all it had a lesser-known actress named Julia Roberts , whose radiant smile and coltish charm lit up the screen . The movie , which celebrates its 25th anniversary on Monday , grossed $ 463 million worldwide and made her the biggest female star in Hollywood . But how does it stand up today ? Not everyone is a fan . Some critics complain the Garry Marshall film , whose female lead is an unrefined prostitute rescued from the streets by Richard Gere 's elegant millionaire , degrades women and glorifies materialism . Here are some of the leading pro-and-con arguments about the movie . First , the cons : It whitewashes the realities of prostitution The movie glosses over the less-than-glamorous motivations that can lead women into sex work , says Katie Hail-Jares , a board member of the Sex Workers Outreach Project  SWOP USA  . Most sex workers that Hail-Jares encounters through street-based outreach are not in it for a lark , or because they lack the drive to succeed , she says . They do it out of economic necessity after encountering roadblocks to traditional employment such as lack of education , a criminal record or sexual discrimination , she said . On one hand Roberts ' character , Vivian , is a compelling protagonist who dispels the stereotype of the drug-addicted "  crack whore " with little ambition , Hail-Jares said . On the other hand , the movie implies that by virtue of her beauty , drive and apparent drug-free lifestyle , Roberts is the exceptional sex worker who -- unlike her pal Kit , for example -- deserves a better life . "  What 's problematic is how it portrays sex work at large , like she 's the only one worth saving , " said Hail-Jares , a Ph.D. candidate in criminology at American University . "  You get the sense that she 's not the norm , and that allows us to get invested in her while not necessarily worrying about the welfare of other women who fall into the  sex worker  stereotype . " Vivian 's exit from sex work thanks to Gere 's character is also troubling , she says . "  In the movie she 's able to fill economic void with Edward 's money but in reality that does n't happen , " she says . It 's demeaning to women Like "  My Fair Lady , " the movie is another reimagining of "  Pygmalion , " the George Bernard Shaw play about a crass , impoverished girl given a redemptive makeover by a sophisticated male mentor . Daryl Hannah was one of numerous well-known actresses who turned down the part , saying it was "  degrading for the whole of womankind . " The Vivian character is clearly intelligent , and values love over money . But she also has no apparent career goals beyond becoming the kept woman of a wealthy businessman . " ` Pretty Woman ' may be a fantasy but it 's a deeply sexist , consumerist fantasy , " wrote Rachael Johnson last year for Bitch Flicks , a feminist movie site . "  Admire Julia and Richard 's beauty , and sing along to Orbison or Roxette , but never forget that it is one of the most misogynist , patriarchal , classist , consumerist , and lookist movies ever to come out of Hollywood . " It celebrates greed Although he is dutifully appearing on TV this month to promote "  Pretty Woman 's " anniversary , Gere in the past has publicly dismissed the movie for glorifying Wall Street corporate raiders like his ruthless Edward character , who dismantles struggling companies . "  It made those guys seem dashing , which was wrong . Thankfully , today we are all more skeptical of those guys , " he told Woman 's Day magazine in Australia in 2012 . The movie also depicts Vivian 's evolution from streetwalker to Beverly Hills socialite through an orgiastic shopping spree during which Gere promises to spend "  an obscene amount of money " on her . "  Ideologically , ` Pretty Woman ' is a love song to consumerism and capitalism , " said Bitch Flicks ' Johnson . " ` Pretty Woman ' depicts a world where everyone is either a card-carrying member of the corporate caste or an obliging subordinate ... It is obsessed with things  hotel suites , private jets , fancy clothes  and encourages the audience to share its obsession with things . " And now the pros : No , it actually empowers women Despite her lowly profession , Vivian is no pushover . One of the film 's earliest scenes shows her refusing Kit 's suggestion that they work for a pimp , saying "  we say who , we say when , we say how much . " Later , she negotiates the terms of her relationship with Edward and is quick to speak up when she feel she 's being mistreated . She humanizes him and even takes over driving Edward 's borrowed Lotus when he ca n't handle a stick shift . "  She dictates the way she wishes to be treated ; when he offers her the status of a mistress , she dictates the status of a full equal , " writes Brigit McCone in a more recent Bitch Flicks piece titled , "  Why ` Pretty Woman ' Should Be Considered a Feminist Classic . " "  Let us never forget that when the prince rescues her , she rescues him right back . " Its shopping scenes are revenge-fantasy bliss Ask some "  Pretty Woman " fans to name their favorite scene and they do n't mention Vivian 's swoony moments with Edward . They talk about that part in the middle when she hits Rodeo Drive for a shopping spree . Spurned at first by snooty salespeople , Vivian later buys a slew of expensive outfits with Edward 's money and then returns -- dressed to the nines and carrying handfuls of shopping bags -- to one boutique that had shunned her . "  You work on commission , right ? " she asks a bitchy saleswoman . "  Uh , yes . " "  Big mistake . Big . Huge , " she says , turning on her heels to leave . "  I have to go shopping now . " That 's why in the 1997 comedy "  Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion , " Michele  Lisa Kudrow  tears up while watching the movie , saying , "  I just get really happy when they finally let her shop . " Lighten up . As slick entertainment , the movie works Sure , its story is ridiculous on many levels . For all its modern trappings  and R rating  it 's also deeply old-fashioned : Take out the sex and prostitution and it could be a Disney movie . But Gere and Roberts , despite their 18-year age difference , have genuine chemistry . The interplay between her goofy exuberance and his bemused stoicism is mostly effective . And Roberts ' charisma carries the movie through its weaker spots . The script also has some zingers , as when Edward asks , "  What makes you think I 'm a lawyer ? " and Vivian answers , "  You have that sharp , useless look about you . " On paper "  Pretty Woman , " initially conceived as a gritty drama , should n't work . But it does -- if you do n't think too much . "  All these years later , it holds up remarkably well , if you can turn off that think-piece portion of your brain , " wrote Stephanie Merry this week in the Washington Post . "  Is she a feminist icon ? Is she only worthy of love when in Rodeo Drive 's finest ? Is this just "  My Fair Lady " with sex ? Just give up already and embrace the absurdity .  "	"  Pretty Woman , " the Julia Roberts-Richard Gere romantic comedy , was released March 23 , 1990 Pros : Roberts  as Vivian  is empowered and shows humanity ; there a real "  zingers " in the dialogue Cons : The movie glosses over harsh realities of prostitution and celebrates consumerism
CNN  -- There has been momentous change in America 's attitude around gay rights . In 2012 , a Gallup poll showed that 59 % of American adults said gay and lesbian relationships are morally acceptable , up 19 percentage points since 2001 . Polls show that a majority in the country support same-sex marriage . The gay marriage question has even reached halls of the Supreme Court which , today , struck down a key provision of the federal Defense of Marriage Act , and California 's Propostion 8 , a voter-approved ballot that banned same-sex marriage . There has been much written in the press about how gays have gone from a reviled minority to accepted in just a matter of decades . But it is important to remember that this is not some magical shift that happened because we watched lovable gay characters on "  Will and Grace " and "  Modern Family . " It is due in part to real people led by youth , who came out of the shadows to work to change attitudes within their own communities , neighborhoods , workplaces and places of worship . Over the past three years , I 've filmed The New Black , which examines how the black community is grappling with the gay rights issue in light of the marriage movement and the fight over civil rights . The film is centered in Maryland , which has a significant black voting bloc , during the 2012 election . It documents the activists working to build support for a referendum supporting marriage equality . It features young people like Karess Taylor-Hughes , who spent the past three years working to build support for marriage equality in black churches and communities . I followed her in the streets of Baltimore and the leafy suburbs of Prince George 's County as she engaged with people from all walks of life about how the push for gay equality was an expansion of civil rights . She questioned how black people , given their struggle to be granted freedoms , could be against granting rights to someone else . What I saw in Maryland was that the activists who were working for marriage equality were untangling the layers of the issue , and they were engaging African-Americans in a way that had not happened before . And it was youth -- the "  New Black " in the film -- who pushed their parents , their teachers and some of their clergy to understand gay rights as an expansion of civil rights . These conversations helped lead to a very different outcome in Maryland in 2012 than in California in 2008 : For the first time , the public voted for marriage equality . These discussions were happening in different homes around America . Even President Barack Obama cited his daughters , Malia and Sasha , in his evolution from supporting civil unions to supporting same-sex marriage . It feels like their efforts have now allowed this new understanding about who gets civil rights , and also the perception of gay Americans . And even as there are still more battles to fight -- to stop hate crimes , allow for adoption laws and end workplace discrimination -- it is significant that the gay community is seen less as a deviant group asking for special rights and more as humans entitled to civil rights , fairness and equality to all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yoruba Richen .	Yoruba Richen : Attitude toward same-sex marriage and the gay community has evolved She says youth have been key in changing the perception of gay rights Their efforts and work behind the scenes have allowed a new understanding , she says
CNN  -- "  Dr. Youn , I want the works . " Carol , an attractive Caucasian woman in her mid-40s , sat across from me in the consultation room . Her eyes stared into mine , unwavering . "  What do you mean by ` the works ? ' " I asked . "  I want to enlarge my breasts , flatten my tummy , lift my neck and skinny my thighs . Oh , and I want my eyes to tilt like Megan Fox 's , and I want you to plump my lips like Angelina Jolie 's . " She puckered and smacked her lips . "  Carol , that 's a lot of plastic surgery . Are you sure you need all this ? Why do you want to have so much done ? " She paused . Her face flushed a bright shade of crimson red . "  Because , " she seethed , "  My husband left me for a younger woman . And I want revenge . " Revenge plastic surgery is becoming more common . A 2011 survey by the Transform Plastic Surgery Group in the United Kingdom found that over a quarter  26 %  of their patients were recently divorced women , while 11 % were newly single men . Suffering from ` tattoo regret ' Even Hollywood is getting involved in revenge surgery . "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " star Brandi Glanville recently revealed in her book , "  Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders , " that she spent $ 12,000 to undergo rejuvenation of her private parts after breaking up with her husband Eddie Cibrian  who is now married to country singer LeAnn Rimes  . She even paid for it with his credit card . In my metro Detroit plastic surgery practice , I estimate that 20 % of my new female patients have recently undergone a divorce . These patients usually fit into one of three categories . The largest group is recent divorcees who are back "  on the market " and want to enhance their appearance to be more attractive to the opposite sex . A smaller group of newly single patients have always wanted to have plastic surgery but their ex-spouses disallowed it . The divorce frees them to finally go under the knife . And then there are patients such as Carol , who seek plastic surgery as a way to make their ex-spouses jealous . For them , plastic surgery is a way to gain the ex 's attention . It 's a "  look-at-me-now ! " mentality . But recent divorcees may not be in the best mindset to make major medical decisions such as whether to have cosmetic surgery . In fact , according to the Holmes and Rahe stress scale , divorce ranks as one of the most stressful events that can occur during one 's life , second only to the death of a spouse . Breasts , butts out in 2012 ; faces in So when I see newly divorced patients in my office , I encourage them to hold off on plastic surgery until they 're in a good mental state . That did n't stop Carol , though . One year later , she came back to see me . She arrived at my office dressed conservatively . Her hair was unstyled and she wore no makeup , although her neckline was sharp and her lips were decidedly plump . The corners of her eyes were slanted upwards , like a cat , and her eyebrows were overly arched , resembling Mr. Spock . A disproportionately large bosom jutted out from her chest , causing the front of her shirt to hang over her flat tummy . We sat down across from each other in the consultation room . "  Hi Carol . You look a little different . " "  Well , because you would n't operate on me , Dr. Youn , I went to a different doctor . He performed a face lift , brow lift , lip plumping , eyelid tilting , breast augmentation , tummy tuck and liposuction , " she said , a serious look on her face . "  Wow , that 's a lot of surgery . " "  Yeah , I know . But my husband and I are back together , and we 've even renewed our vows . " "  That 's great ! So what can I do for you ? " "  The thing is , though , now that we 're back together , I figured out what I really want . " "  And that is ? " "  To look like my old self again . " The unsung heroes of medicine The names and identifying details of the patient were changed to protect her privacy .	A survey by a UK plastic surgery group showed 26 % of patients were newly divorced women The women fall into three categories , plastic surgeon says One of them seeks plastic surgery solely to make the ex-spouse jealous
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Mechanical failures caused a North Korean air force plane to lose direction before crashing in northeastern China earlier this week , state media quoted Chinese authorities as saying Thursday . China 's official Xinhua news agency said that Pyongyang has apologized to Beijing for the incident and the two sides have "  reached a consensus on dealing with the aftermath . " The plane went down Tuesday at Lagu township in Fushun county , killing the pilot and destroying one home on the ground . The crash site in Liaoning province is about 200 kilometers  120 miles  away from a North Korean air base in the border town of Sinuiju , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . An employee at Songgang Iron Mine , a company near the crash site , told CNN Wednesday that armed police officers and special forces agents immediately cordoned off the area after the plane went down . Photographs of the wreckage purportedly taken by an eyewitness have been circulating on Chinese websites , showing the North Korean air force emblem on the fuselage beneath the tail of the aircraft . Military enthusiasts online have identified it as a Russian-built MiG jet but differed on the specific model , with some calling it a MiG-21 fighter and others claiming it to be a MiG-15 trainer . Xinhua 's latest report did not give details on the plane . Yonhap had earlier quoted unnamed sources in South Korea as saying the plane 's pilot may have been trying to defect from North Korea to Russia . Chinese commentators had speculated that the plane may have run out of fuel .	Chinese authorities say mechanical failures caused the pilot to lose direction The plane crashed Tuesday in northeastern China The pilot is dead North Korea has apologized
A gift shop set to open to the public on Wednesday at the 9/11 Memorial Museum has sparked controversy among some victims ' families . Among the items sold : hats emblazoned with the FDNY symbol , search and rescue stuffed-dog animals and a slew of books relating to the attack and building of the memorial . Organizers of the museum acknowledge that the cost of operation , about $ 65 million yearly , will require the support of revenue generated from the gift shop , and the museum 's admission fees , with $ 24 for an adult . It will also help maintain the free admission to the museum 's outside memorial . "  To provide an opportunity to buy a keepsake and have those proceeds support this open and free memorial is something I would do seven days a week , " said Joe Daniels , president of the National September 11 Memorial Museum . He says the gift shop is situated in a "  respectful space " in the museum and notes that the No. 1 sellers so far are the DVDs and books they sell that educate the public about the history behind the events of September 11 . But some in the 9/11 community are bristling at the idea of monetizing their families ' final resting places . "  I think it 's a revenue-generating tourist attraction , " Jim Riches said of the museum . Riches , who is retired from the New York City Fire Department , lost his son , a firefighter , in the attacks . "  Basically , they 're making money off of my son 's dead body . I think that 's disgusting , " Riches said . Also at issue ? The roughly 8,000 unidentified human remains that will be housed in the museum . Riches likens the accompanying admission fee to "  charging people to get into a cemetery . " "  Let 's bring the remains up to a respectable location ... above ground with an eternal light . Everybody can visit them , you wo n't pay $ 24 to get in there , " he said . But Lee Ielpi , a member of the museum 's board of directors who lost his son Jonathan , a firefighter , in the attack , hopes that the revenue generated will help maintain the museum . "  We have an obligation to society ... 20 years from now , we need to make sure the people that step foot on this plaza know where they 're stepping and when they go into the entrance and go into the museum , they need to know what they 're going to see there , " he said . Tragedy turns the mundane into memorial	9/11 Memorial Museum will have gift shop selling items such as key chains and apparel President of museum : Revenue will offset $ 65 million in yearly costs 9/11 family member : Museum 's admission fee and gift shop are "  disgusting "
CNN  -- The Giants proved they can win in many ways Thursday beating Detroit 2-0 after only getting five hits . The win gives the Giants a two games to none World Series lead and comes a day after the Giants pummeled the Tigers hitting three home runs in an 8-3 victory . "  We play a lot of close games , and these guys are used to it , " said Giants coach Bruce Bochy . "  It 's the best of seven , we 're up 2 . It 's great to get off to a good start . " Three San Francisco pitchers combined to throw a two-hit shutout . Madison Bumgarner went seven innings , and Santiago Casilla and Sergio Romo each pitched a hitless inning as the National League champions scratched their way to the win . The Giants ' Hunter Pence scored on a double-play groundout by Brandon Crawford to give the Giants a 1-0 lead in the bottom of the seventh and Pence hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the eighth to make it 2-0 . "  It was a great collective effort tonight , " Pence said . " I feel like everyone is on the same page , and we 're just going out there and really playing as hard as we can for each other . " San Francisco only managed five hits but also drew four walks . Tigers starter Doug Fister gutted out six innings after being struck by a batted ball . Gregor Blanco lined a ball off the top of Fister 's head in the second inning . The Detroit pitcher was struck just above the right ear and the ball went into center field for a single . The Tigers trainer checked on Fister and the pitcher stayed in the game . The series heads to Detroit for Game 3 on Saturday night . Game 1 : Sandoval hits 3 HRs ; Giants rough up Verlander to win	Giants take a 2-0 lead in the World Series Tigers manage only two hits off three Giants pitchers Game 3 is Saturday night in Detroit
CNN  -- In an audio message released Sunday , a speaker identified as al Qaeda 's second-in-command offers condolences to the Turkish people on the loss of nine activists in a May 31 Israeli raid on an aid flotilla headed for Gaza . The incident badly frayed Israel 's once-close relationship with Turkey . The speaker , who was identified as Ayman al-Zawahiri , said in the message the incident underscores the need for Turkey to stop cooperating with or recognizing Israel . "  Change will come when the Turkish people demand that their government ceases all aspects of cooperation with Israel and stop recognizing Israel and when they ask their government to stop sending their  Turkish  armed forces to fight the Muslims in Afghanistan and end their battle against Islam and the Sharia , " al-Zawahiri said . The message is identified as being a production of As-Sahab production , a company typically handles al Qaeda communications . Although CNN can not independently authenticate the audio message , it appeared on various radical Islamist websites known for posting similiar statements , messsages and recruitment videos by al Qaeda figures . In the message , titled "  A Message to the Turkish Muslim people , " the speaker said the blockade of Gaza by Israel "  is another form of the criminal acts waged against the Muslim world by the Crusader Zionist alliance . " "  We must change this disgusting reality that we live in , " he said . "  This will not take place by sending  a  few relief aid ships or starting one demonstration or another . " "  The Turkish people need to restore the glorious role of the Ottoman Empire when they used to defend every Muslim land from all outsiders , " he said . "  The role of the Turkish Muslim people can not be minimized into an aid ship or two that are being sent to Gaza . " Israel has maintained its troops used force on the activists after they were attacked by those on board one boat in the flotilla , the Mavi Marmara . Soldiers were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects , Israeli officials have said . But passengers on board the boat insist Israeli troops fired on them without provocation . In the Sunday message , the speaker said Turkey condemns the "  Israeli crimes against our Muslim brothers in Gaza , but still they commit the exact crimes against the Muslims in Afghanistan ... The Turkish people must stand up and be responsible for their government 's action in recognizing those who violated and stole the land in Palestine and end the collaboration with the crusaders in killing Muslims in Afghanistan . " The last message purporting to be from al-Zawahiri was on July 27 , when he mourned the loss of al Qaeda senior commander Sheikh Mustafa Abu Yazid , killed along with family members . He also called on Muslims to unite behind al Qaeda and wage jihad against their governments if they want change . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Ayman al-Zawahiri says Turkey should stop recognizing Israel In audio message , he decries blockade of Gaza The May 31 flotilla incident left 9 Turkish activists dead
President Vladimir Putin 's news conferences are n't at all like news conferences I used to attend in Washington , when I covered the White House . First , there are the stuffed animals . Since there are more than 1,200 journalists in the giant hall , they have to attract President Putin 's attention some way , so some bring stuffed animals , raise home-made signs , or wear T-shirts specially printed up to advertise the region or news organization they come from . Then there 's the length of the conference . This one was the usual length -- three and a half hours . Others have been longer . This was Vladimir Putin 's 10th news conference and it could n't have happened at a worse time . As the Russians say , the smell of kerosene was in the air . The value of the Russian currency , the ruble , was dropping like a stone , the U.S. and Europe were just announcing yet more sanctions , Russia was on the verse of a recession , but the president refused to call it a "  crisis . " Striding into the hall , Putin appeared cool , calm and collected . Close-ups of the president 's face were broadcast on two giant screens on either side of the hall , his every glance , every gesture visible . Putin 's first challenge was to assure his fellow citizens that Russia can overcome what he called an "  unfavorable scenario " and he promised that would happen -- in two years , maybe less . There was no real mea culpa for Russia 's economic predicament . Putin admitted only that the Russian Central Bank and the government could have reacted more quickly to the economic challenges . Instead , he blamed Russia 's economic woes on "  external " factors , asserting that economic sanctions account for just "  25 to 30 % " of Russia 's economic problems . When a BBC reporter asked him about a "  new " Cold War , Putin leaned forward like an athlete , insisting that that Russia is simply defending its own interests . Moscow , he said , has only two military bases outside its territory but the U.S. has bases "  all over the world . " They told us there would be no NATO expansion , he complained , and now the West is building new virtual walls around Russia . Putin is adept at turning the tables . One journalist asked him about reprisals by Chechen authorities against the families of alleged terrorists , accusing Russia 's government-financed TV channels of igniting hatred in society . Putin quickly pointed to the torture report just released by the White House . The U.S. he said , "  legalized torture " and even developed a method for carrying it out . "  How do you explain that ? " he asked indignantly . Putin spoke for several minutes on the image of the Russian "  bear . " The West , he claimed , wo n't leave the bear in peace , but wants to "  chain " it , "  de-claw it , " unless it sits obediently in the forest , eating berries . If there was one promising note , it was the Russian president 's statement that the conflict in eastern Ukraine should be settled peacefully . He acknowledged that there were Russians in eastern Ukraine , but they were "  volunteers . " Surprisingly , the president called on some journalists who are not known as being friendly to the Kremlin and there were some uncomfortable questions . When Putin said there 's a "  fine line " between the opposition and a "  Fifth Column " -- in other words , traitors to Russia -- reporters twice followed up with pointed questions , including a demand that he name those members of the "  Fifth Column . " He did not . Others asked him what is the salary of Igor Sechin , head of the Russian oil giant Rosneft ? He said he did n't know . In one of the most dramatic questions , a Russian reporter asked Putin if he is worried that members of his inner circle could carry out a "  palace coup ? " Putin , who in spite of his somewhat fierce image abroad , does have a sense of humor , defused the question with a smile . "  We ca n't have a palace coup because we have no palaces , " he said . Stability is based on support of the Russian people , he said , and "  the people believe we are acting in their interest . "	Putin 's first challenge was to assure Russians they can overcome an "  unfavorable scenario " The Russian president said the Ukraine conflict should be settled peacefully Putin is adept at turning the tables , writes Jill Dougherty Putin : "  We ca n't have a palace coup because we have no palaces "
CNN  -- An autopsy report has revealed that Michael Brown was shot six times . It 's among the few bits of concrete information released to the public , another being the name of the officer , Darren Wilson , who shot dead an unarmed and  by some accounts  surrendering Brown on August 9 on the street in Ferguson , Missouri . Police have argued that their silence has been to protect Wilson from retaliatory acts of violence . After all , as possible 2016 presidential candidate Ben Carson argued on Bill O'Reilly 's Fox show , "  Police are individuals , too . They have feelings also . " They do , but Brown died without due process and is lifeless in a Ferguson morgue . Even if Brown were guilty of stealing Swisher Sweets cigars a short time before his encounter with Wilson , as some have alleged , there is no death penalty in the United States for such an offense . But a young black man is dead . We do n't know all the details of what happened on that street in Ferguson . But for black men in America , the incident carries familiar , troubling echoes . Black men occupy and distress the psyches of many white Americans , the way Tom Robinson in Harper Lee 's "  To Kill a Mockingbird " unsettled the white folks of Maycomb , Alabama . Justice , for black men , often seems whatever officers deem it to be . We remain , as the writer and activist Pauli Murray put it , "  the pervasive irritant , the chronic allergy , the vague apprehension which  makes  one uncomfortable and jumpy . " Even as we serve as the cornerstone of American "  cool , " we continue to be seen by many as aberrant , inferior , threatening , hyper-sexed , and  1/4 ber-violent guests in this experiment in democracy -- still only "  in " America and not "  of " America , as the great W.E.B. Du Bois wrote more than a century ago Regardless of what he may or may not have done , Michael Brown 's very presence on that Ferguson street would be seen by too many white men as threatening . In what has become a customary occurrence in America , Brown 's fate was sealed by being and breathing as a nonwhite man at the wrong place and at the wrong time . According to a recent FBI report , white police officers in America killed a black person , 18 % of whom were under 21 , nearly twice a week between 2005 and 2012 -- more than twice the rate of such killings of white youth of the same age . The criminalization , incarceration and slaying of black people , in this so-called post-racial America , remain endemic . Magazine : The aftermath in Ferguson Unfortunately , many law enforcement professionals and police departments , but not all of them , seem to care more about safeguarding themselves and their authority than understanding this dynamic and protecting and serving accordingly . It comes as no surprise then that Ferguson police want to paint a different picture of the circumstances surrounding Brown 's death . But as one protester 's sign put it , "  Ferguson police need better scriptwriters . " Their release of Wilson 's name Friday was viewed by many not as an act of transparency , but of placation -- and instigation : While naming Wilson , police conveniently released surveillance footage of a man , alleged to be Brown , involved in a strong-armed robbery at a local minimart . The indirect message here was that Wilson could not be another cop with a jaundiced view of black males and an itchy trigger finger ; he was a dutiful white male compelled to use deadly force in the face of a menace . This new narrative is one we 've seen over and over through history old and recent : A black man , like Brown , is depicted in the foulest of ways to paper over institutional missteps and white male anxieties , and to grant absolution for the imperfections of both . As historian and writer Jelani Cobb wrote in The New Yorker , "  The parameters of this story have already spread far beyond what happened between Brown and Wilson that afternoon . " Is this what concerns the police in Ferguson and beyond ; that there are many who would tether this tragedy to broader issues of socioeconomic isolation , criminalization of people of color and others on the margins ? That Brown 's shooting would expose again the entrenched , systematic authoritarianism in a society that is more diverse than it ever has been , but still vulnerable to stereotypes and intolerance ? The delicate peace that had been achieved in Ferguson on Thursday and Friday has been erased by looting , a declaration of a state of emergency and curfew by Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon . One hopes that more unrest will not follow as more details of Brown 's death emerge . "  What happens to a dream deferred ? " asked the great Langston Hughes . "  Does it dry up like a raisin in the sun ? Or fester like a sore -- And then run ? Does it stink like rotten meat ? Or crust and sugar over -- like a syrupy sweet ? Maybe it just sags like a heavy load . Or does it explode ? "	Matthew C. Whitaker : Michael Brown 's death by police carries troubling echoes for black men Black men in America unjustly seen as violent and threatening , Whitaker says He says police 's release of robbery video meant to justify anxieties of white males He cites Langston Hughes poem : "  What happens to a dream deferred ? ... Does it explode ? "
CNN  -- The United Nations said Thursday it would pull about 600 staff members out of Afghanistan in the wake of a militant attack that killed five staff members and wounded nine . "  At the moment we 're working with the entire U.N. family to identify what is critical staff and what is the support staff that can be moved , " said Kai Eide , head of the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan . The United Nations will also look into "  what kind of activities can take place from elsewhere and what has to take place here , " Eide said from the capital , Kabul , adding a limited number of staff will be moved within the country . "  Although details of the new measures can not be made public , it is expected that they will involve short-term relocations for some staff while additional security is being put in place , " a U.N. statement said . The United Nations had said it was reviewing its security procedures after the October 28 attack in the capital , Kabul , for which the Taliban claimed responsibility . "  The United Nations is fully committed to helping all of Afghanistan 's people , as it has been for more than half a century , " the statement said . "  Every effort will be made to minimize disruption to our activities while these additional security steps are being taken . " NATO-led forces have been battling Taliban fighters across Afghanistan and during the summer , U.S. and British forces launched major offensives against the militants in southern Helmand province . The U.N. announcement came a day after the British Ministry of Defense said five troops were killed in Afghanistan in a shooting blamed on a "  rogue " Afghan policeman . The attack happened Tuesday afternoon in the Nad-e ` Ali District of Helmand , the ministry said . All the soldiers died from gunshot wounds sustained in the attack .	U.N. to pull 600 staff out of Afghanistan after militant attack killed five staff members and wounded nine NATO-led forces have been battling Taliban fighters across Afghanistan U.S. and British forces launched major offensives against militants in southern Helmand province
In a 55-minute long video , al Qaeda announced it will launch a new branch in the Indian subcontinent . Speaking in the video , al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri said the purpose is to "  wage jihad against its enemies , to liberate its land , to restore its sovereignty , and to revive its Caliphate . " Al-Zawahiri also said he seeks to gain support "  for the vulnerable " in Myanmar and Bangladesh ; in the Indian states of Assam and Gujarat ; and in Kashmir , the disputed region between India and Pakistan . He called for "  rescue " from "  injustice , oppression , persecution , and suffering " in these areas . Some analysts view al Qaeda 's announcement as an indication they 're struggling for followers as ISIS gains support in the global Islamist movement . Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst called the video "  hyperventilation and posturing . " "  It 's al-Zawahiri 's obvious way of getting some of the limelight back , " he said as ISIS has moved front and center . The Indian government is trying to confirm the video 's authenticity , said Amarendra Tiwari , an official with India 's Ministry of Home Affairs . The security alert has been issued in parts of India , although details were not given . The al Qaeda video is unlikely to win over constituents , said Bernard Haykel , professor of Near Eastern Studies at Princeton University , about the India announcement . "  They are losing a lot of constituents to the Islamic State , " he said . "  They 're trying to show their global reach as an organization , but I 'm not sure of exactly what sign they are trying to send . " If ISIS undermines al Qaeda , "  it 's going to affect funding , " said Ajit Singh , senior fellow at South Asia Terrorism Portal in New Delhi . The radicalized Muslims are more likely to fund ISIS . "  That 's why al Qaeda is trying to increase its influence , " he said . Singh says it 's not al Qaeda 's first time trying to gain a foothold in India . India , a predominantly Hindu nation , has a 13 % Muslim population , according to the country 's census . Inter-religious relations have become tense before . In 2002 , Gujarat was wracked with anti-Muslim violence , in which more than 1,000 people , mostly Muslims , were killed . Most of the world 's Muslims live in Asia , with about 1 billion in Asia-Pacific and about 322 million in the Middle East and North Africa , according to the Pew Research Center . The style of al Qaeda 's latest video also highlights a stylistic difference with ISIS , which are often shot in the light during daytime , noted Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst . "  Al-Zawahiri 's video is boring , talking into the camera , " he said . "  ISIS videos are well-edited and dynamic . " ISIS vs. al Qaeda : How they 're different	Al Qaeda issues lengthy video on its mission in Indian subcontinent Leader of al Qaeda says he seeks to "  wage jihad " Analysts say al Qaeda is struggling for followers as ISIS gains support
London  CNN  -- When Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping signed a huge gas deal last month , the timing could n't have been better . It was on the eve of the Putin 's St Petersburg Forum , and just weeks after the G7 energy ministers had announced a long-term plan to lessen Europe 's troubling dependency on Russian energy . The multi-billion deal had been in the works for a decade , as the two parties negotiated the price . Russia finally agreed to supply natural gas for 30 years starting 2018 . The price was not made public , but is estimated at around $ 456 billion over the 30-year term . The deal is a milestone in Russia 's efforts to pivot towards the east . The country has suffered as the crisis in Ukraine deepens and the West implements sanctions . "  The deal will allow -LSB- Russia -RSB- to continue with an energy-focused business model , " said Andreas Woergoetter , an OECD economist and the head of Russian economy division . The IMF said that the Russian economy is in recession , and has lowered its growth forecast to just 0.2 % for the year . "  There have been consequences on the Russian economy as a result of the geopolitical situation , the uncertainty , and the sanctions that have been decided , " IMF chief Christine Lagarde told CNN last month . But as its traditional trading ties have weakened , Russia has been building economic relationships elsewhere . In the last five years , trade between Russia and China has grown by a third , from $ 21 billion in 2008 to nearly $ 36 billion in 2013 . Russians are buying even more from China . In 2013 , Russian imports from China added up to $ 53 billion , largely made up of textiles and other consumer technology such as mobile phones . However , Woergoetter said that any increase of imports from China might be problematic , "  making it even more difficult for Russia to develop a competitive manufacturing sector . " VTB , Russia 's second biggest bank , and the Bank of China have also agreed to pay each other in their own domestic currencies to bypass the U.S. dollar . Politically , the two countries have often faced the Western world together within the UN Security Council meetings , such as when they voted against the majority on issues around Syria , Zimbabwe and Myanmar . The deepening relationship was underlined when Xi decided that his first foreign visit as a newly elected Chinese president would be to Moscow . Read more : Would World Cup boycott hit harder than sanctions ? John Defterios : Putin 's 48 hours in St. Petersburg Opinion : Who will blink first , Putin or the West ?	With the West turning away , Russia is looking to strengthen their links with the East Russia and China signed a landmark natural gas deal after a decade of negotiations The two superpowers step up efforts to bypass the US dollar in their transactions
CNN  The flu season is at the midway point , and it 's shaping up to be a difficult one , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . At a press conference Friday in Atlanta , CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said the season has been particularly bad for people 65 and older . Frieden also said that five more children have died since the CDC last reported figures , bringing the number of pediatric deaths up to 26 since the flu season began in the fall . The deaths , however , are believed to be higher due to delays in reporting . Adult deaths are not tracked , but the CDC said that the elderly and people with underlying health conditions are vulnerable to this strain of the flu . Frieden advises doctors to treat people who are sick with the flu with anti-viral medications . Anti-viral medications are dramatically under prescribed and could prevent thousands of hospitalizations and may even save people from death , he said . But pediatrician Lisa Thebner cautions that "  not everyone needs antivirals . " She said , "  They are mostly recommended for those who are most at risk for complications , " meaning the very young or old . Frieden said some doctors do n't think the medications work , but if given early , they help ease some of the symptoms of the flu . The CDC had predicted the season would be a bad one after most of the samples taken from people with the flu tested positive for the H3N2 strain . That strain of virus is "  nastier , " according to Frieden , and generally makes people sicker and results in more hospitalizations and deaths . The CDC reports that most states are seeing widespread cases of flu . In states where the flu season started earlier , it may be slowing down , but there are still weeks of flu left . The flu season usually lasts into the spring . With that in mind , Frieden suggests to go get a flu shot if you have n't been vaccinated . The flu shot this year is not a perfect match for the virus that mutated , but it is the best protection available for people and can lessen the severity of the illness .	Flu season has been hard on elderly and those with underlying medical conditions There have been 26 pediatric deaths since flu season began in fall , CDC says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It was the annual revving of the engines Sunday at the Lincoln Memorial as thousands of motorcyclists converged on Washington to honor those who have served the country . Members of Rolling Thunder ride into Washington on Sunday . Riders from Rolling Thunder , a group created to bring attention to soldiers listed as POW or MIA , rolled into the nation 's capital , greeting crowds of supporters who lined the streets . "  It 's a great tribute to people that have sacrificed everything , including their life , " said rider Mick Smith . He and fellow Vietnam veteran Juan Cruz rode their motorcycles from Pennsylvania . "  It 's a brotherhood that we have , veterans of the foreign wars , " Cruz said . "  The camaraderie is so perfect that we do n't need anything else . We forget about our problems . " Lyn Seidler was among the spectators who lined the motorcycle route in the hot and humid weather to greet the bikers as they passed over the Arlington Memorial Bridge into Washington . "  The servicemen made a sacrifice , " Seidler said . For her , cheering on Rolling Thunder was a way to help celebrate troops , "  and to say thank you , " she said . After completing their rides , the bikers gathered in front of the Lincoln Memorial . "  I 'm here today to honor our veterans , our fallen veterans , to help the living by supporting the dead , " Cruz said . The Defense Department says there are more than 88,000 soldiers still listed as missing in action from World War II , the Korean War and the Vietnam War combined . - CNN 's Lauren Pratapas contributed to this report	Rolling Thunder created to bring attention to soldiers listed as POW or MIA "  It 's a brotherhood that we have , veterans of the foreign wars , " rider says Defense Department : More than 88,000 soldiers listed as missing in action
Some call them a secret brotherhood , others refer to them as a spiritual mystery . The Mevlevis -- or "  Whirling Dervishes " -- themselves acknowledge that their devotion blurs the line between physical and metaphysical worlds . "  To die before actually dying , that is what 's important in the world , to kill your ego . That 's why we wear white robes , which symbolize what we are wearing when we die . Even our hats look like gravestones , " says Celaleddin Loras , a Mevlevi Sheikh , or master of the order . The ritual practiced by the Order of the Mevlevi -- a sect of Sufism founded in the 13th century -- attracts both tourists and political debate . Through the practice of "  sema , " or listening , in a prayer-induced trance , the Dervishes aim to act as a bridge between God and humankind . The Dervishes turn as one arm reaches to the sky "  taking from God " and the other "  gives life to the earth , " Loras says . "  We receive from God and we return that light and gift to humanity , " he explains . Every Sunday , a different Mevlevi order visits Istanbul and worships at the Galata Mevlevihanesi , a Dervish "  Tekke " or lodge . When CNN visits the lodge , it is the turn of the Mevlana Culture and Arts Foundation from Turkey 's capital , Ankara . Two teenage Dervishes are conducting their debut sema ritual in public . The young semazens , aged 14 and 15 , wear white felt hats rather than the traditional brown . For them , it 's a coming of age moment , the beginning of a long life of spiritual modesty displayed through meditative dance . "  It takes about six months to learn how to whirl . There are some people that ca n't , " the "  semazenbasi " -- leader of the sema -- Sahin Naci Sair says . "  They really need to feel three things . Music , rhythm , and belief . " In 2005 , UNESCO declared the sema ceremony a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity . But in Turkey the Mevlevis still face restrictions . The sema ritual exists in spite of controversial laws banning Sufism altogether . The Mevlevis ' religious association was used as justification to ban the order after the founding of the secular Turkish Republic . In 1925 , the founder of the Republic of Turkey , Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , prohibited all Sufi orders , under Law 677 of the constitution on maintaining order . In the 1950s , the government eased the ban , allowing the sema to be performed in public . But it is commonly assumed this move was to boost the tourism industry rather than a sign of religious tolerance and private worship by the order remains officially banned . The tourism industry is the main source of income for the Dervishes , with members of the public giving donations to watch them worship . Each December , there is a huge festival in Konya , where Celaladin Rumi founded the order in the 13th century . At the "  Seb-i-Arus , " curious observers can watch Mevlevi associations performing the religious ceremony together . Tickets went on sale this month for the ceremony , which runs from December 7-17 every year . At the beginning of each sema ceremony , the disciples stand with their arms closed to their chest and feet pointed inward . Young and old Mevlevis do this out of respect and to signify humility , fighting their ego through a spiritual journey inside and outside of the Dervish lodge . Ilyas Noyan Ozatik , the head of the reed flute players accompanying the Ankara semazens in Istanbul , says the Mevlevis "  are on an inner journey of oneself to where God is . " Music is a unifying force he says , bringing "  our frequencies together leading to a completion of souls . " This passionate inner battle reflects their relationship with the outside world . When asked about the turmoil in the Middle East , Lora points to an old British saying : "  if you want a clean street , every shop owner must clean the front of their own shop . " Mevlevis strive for universal peace , but believe that peace must begin in the hearts of individuals . As the Dervishes turn , mesmerized and apparently staring into blank space , their spirit takes control and leads them across the age-old prayer space . They glide effortlessly in circles , their white robes rising and falling , thinking all the while of their act as a bridge from God to earth .	The Order of the Mevlevi , a Sufi sect from the 13th century , are known as "  Whirling Dervishes " Mevlevis aim to act as a bridge between God and humankind through the practice of "  sema " In a prayer-induced trance , they turn , one arm reaching for the sky and one arm down Turkey banned the order in 1925 but has since eased restrictions , allowing public worship
CNN  -- It might be hard to believe , but as difficult as cancer was , in some ways it was good for me . Do n't get me wrong , I would n't wish it on anyone . Even the word "  cancer " brings back the nausea and pain , the fear I felt and the heartbreak I saw in my parents ' faces . The smells that fill hospitals and the constant tired feeling that comes with treatment are also permanently stuck in my memory . But here 's the thing : The disease changed the path of my life in some ways that have been really great . For one , going home after my diagnosis for treatment at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle brought me even closer to my parents . I always knew they 'd be there for me , but I understood their love in a whole new way once I saw how they cared for me during treatment . When I was called up by the Red Sox I thought I 'd always be the one who would be taking care of them , but cancer turned the tables for a bit . They were amazing in my recovery , and we 're closer today than perhaps we would have been had I not gotten sick . When I recovered , the Red Sox told me I was going to head to Greenville , South Carolina , to get back in major league shape . Honestly , I was n't happy . Once you make the majors it 's never a great feeling to go back to the minors -- no matter what the circumstances . But I met an amazing young woman named Farrah Johnson there , and today she is my wife and  the best  mom to our son , Hudson . Who knows if I would have met her -- the love of my life -- if I had not had cancer ? When I hit the five-year cancer-free mark in 2011 , two things happened : Farrah gave birth to our son and my dad was diagnosed with cancer . Thankfully , Dad is doing fine , but these life events caused me to think about how I should be giving back . I could n't help thinking of how I would feel if Hudson had to go through what I or my dad had to deal with fighting cancer . I had visited hospitals on Red Sox trips and met a number of kids battling cancer . I knew from speaking with them that my experience mattered to these kids and that the words of encouragement helped . Together with Farrah , we decided pediatric cancer research would be our cause and our mantra would be never quit . NVRQT , or "  Never Quit , " is both a campaign that supports kids in the fight against cancer and funds much needed research . NVRQT is embossed on baseballs that can be signed , played with and given to a boy or girl battling cancer . They send the message to stick with it and get better because there are a whole bunch of people waiting for them to get back onto the field . The funds we raise support the Pediatric Cancer Research Foundation . In addition to the balls , we 're encouraging people to hold NVRQT games in their community to support the children in their area and raise funds for research . As I travel the country for away games , I meet kids fighting cancer in almost every city . They visit the ballpark , and I invite them onto the field so we can chat and then watch the game . I hope the little things I 'm doing really make a difference to the kids in the battle today and the big fundraising events we 're holding will minimize or cure pediatric cancer for the kids tomorrow . I 'm proud to do my part to make a difference , and I know I have cancer to thank for my inspiration . To learn more visit www.NVRQT.org .	Jon Lester won Game 4 of the World Series for the Boston Red Sox after battling cancer Lester and his wife have started a nonprofit to raise money for pediatric cancer research The organization is called NVRQT , for "  never quit , " and can be found at www.nvrqt.org
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A report from the U.S. State Department details "  an upsurge " across the world of anti-Semitism -- hostility and discrimination toward Jewish people . "  Today , more than 60 years after the Holocaust , anti-Semitism is not just a fact of history , it is a current event , " the report says . The report -- called Contemporary Global Anti-Semitism and given to Congress on Thursday -- is dedicated to the memory of the late U.S. Rep. Tom Lantos , a survivor of the Holocaust , the extermination of 6 million Jews during World War II . The report details physical acts of anti-Semitism , such as attacks , property damage , and cemetery desecration . It also lists manifestations such as conspiracy theories concerning Jews , Holocaust denial , anti-Zionism and the demonization of Israel . "  Over much of the past decade , U.S. embassies worldwide have noted an increase in anti-Semitic incidents , such as attacks on Jewish people , property , community institutions , and religious facilities , " the report says . The report also deals with efforts to combat the bigotry , described by Gregg J. Rickman , the department 's special envoy to monitor and combat anti-Semitism , as "  one of the oldest forms of malicious intolerance . " The report says violent acts and desecration of Jewish property happen whether there are a lot of Jews or only a few living in the region . Bigoted rhetoric , conspiracy theories regarding Jews , and anti-Semitic propaganda are transmitted over the airwaves and on the Internet . It says that although Nazism and fascism are rejected by the West "  and beyond , " blatant forms of anti-Semitism are "  embraced and employed by the extreme fringe . " "  Traditional forms of anti-Semitism persist and can be found across the globe . Classic anti-Semitic screeds , such as ` The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion ' and ` Mein Kampf ' remain commonplace . "  Jews continue to be accused of blood libel , dual loyalty , and undue influence on government policy and the media , and the symbols and images associated with age-old forms of anti-Semitism endure . " New forms of anti-Semitism are reflected in rhetoric that compares Israel to the Nazis and attributes "  Israel 's perceived faults to its Jewish character . " This kind of anti-Semitism , the report says , "  is common throughout the Middle East and in Muslim communities in Europe , but it is not confined to these populations . " The report says various U.N. bodies are regularly asked to launch "  investigations of what often are sensationalized reports of alleged atrocities and other violations of human rights by Israel . " "  The collective effect of unremitting criticism of Israel , coupled with a failure to pay attention to regimes that are demonstrably guilty of grave violations , has the effect of reinforcing the notion that the Jewish state is one of the sources , if not the greatest source , of abuse of the rights of others , and thus intentionally or not encourages anti-Semitism . " The report gives examples of leaders and governments that "  fan the flames of anti-Semitic hatred within their own societies and even beyond their borders . " It cites Syria , Belarus , Venezuela , Egypt , and Saudi Arabia . "  Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has actively promoted Holocaust denial , Iran 's Jewish population faces official discrimination , and the official media outlets regularly produce anti-Semitic propaganda , " the report adds . It notes "  societal anti-Semitism " in places where there have been efforts to fight the problem . Among the countries are Poland , Ukraine , Russia , France , Germany and the United Kingdom . "  Recent increases in anti-Semitic incidents have been documented in Argentina , Australia , Canada , South Africa , and beyond , " the report said . The report is a follow-up to the State Department 's January 2005 "  Report on Global anti-Semitism . " E-mail to a friend	Anti-Semitism not just history , it 's "  a current event , " State Department report says Report cites attacks , Holocaust denial , property desecration , hate-mongering Some governments promote anti-Semitism , report says , citing Iran , Syria
CNN  -- Around 204,000 people have fled their homes in the Somali capital of Mogadishu as a result of a militant offensive against government forces , the U.N. refugee agency said on Tuesday . Islamist fighters exchange gunfire with government forces in Mogadishu on July 3 . The eight-week long push by Al-Shaabab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias has prompted what the agency calls "  the biggest exodus from the troubled Somali capital since the Ethiopian intervention in 2007 . " "  The escalating conflict in Mogadishu is having a devastating impact on the city 's population causing enormous suffering and massive displacement , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The agency said its local partners in the capital reported that fighting over the past week "  has killed some 105 people and injured 382 . " "  Neighborhoods affected by the fighting include Kaaran , Shibis , Shangaani and Boondheere in North Mogadishu . These areas have hitherto been islands of peace , escaping much of the conflict and destruction . Many residents are fleeing their homes for the first time since the start of the Somali civil war in 1991 , " the agency said . The agency said the number of internally displaced people in Somalia amounts to more than 1.2 million people . There has been growing concern that Somalia , in the Horn of Africa , could be the next base for al Qaeda as U.S. forces pound their positions in Afghanistan and Pakistan . Last month , a U.S. State Department spokesman said the United States is providing weapons and ammunition to Somalia 's transitional government as it fights al Qaeda-linked Islamist militants . CIA Director Leon Panetta recently said that the intelligence agency is keeping tabs on the region as a possible destination for fleeing al Qaeda operatives . "  Our concern right now is that likely safe havens are areas in the Horn of Africa , like Somalia and Yemen , that are countries that because of their political status can be attractive to al Qaeda in order to operate there , " Panetta said earlier this month . Al-Shaabab , also known as the Mujahideen Youth Movement , was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the United States in March 2008 . It is waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law .	Eight-week long push by Al-Shaabab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias prompted exodus U.N. : Conflict in Mogadishu having devastating impact on city 's population More than 1.2 million people internally displaced in Somalia , U.N. estimates Many fleeing their homes for first time since start of Somali civil war in 1991
India suffered its second massive power failure in two consecutive days Tuesday , depriving as many as 600 million people -- half the country 's population -- of electricity and disrupting transportation networks for hours . The first power grid collapse , on Monday , was the country 's worst blackout in a decade . It affected seven states in northern India that are home to more than 350 million people . Tuesday 's failure was even larger , hitting eastern and northeastern areas as well . Both blackouts cut power in the capital , New Delhi , where residents sweltered . Several hours later , by 9:30 p.m. , power had been largely restored , the Power Grid Corporation of India reported on its website . Power in New Delhi and in the northeastern region was fully restored ; electricity was 86 % restored to the northern region , and 79 % restored in the eastern region , it said . The two days of disruption in the third-largest Asian economy has raised questions about its investment in infrastructure . With about 1.2 billion people , India has the world 's second-largest population , behind China . At least 300 trains were held up in the affected regions , said Anil Kumar Saxena , a spokesman for Indian Railways . New Delhi 's metro system also suffered delays before power was restored , causing chaos for many travelers . Traffic signals also were out , resulting in major jams . Train fire in India kills 32 ; death toll may rise During the blackout , one traveler in New Delhi told CNN-IBN that her journey home had taken almost three hours , rather than the usual 40 minutes . "  Long night ahead , with no lights -- I 've got my trusty solar lamp ready for the night , " she said . An elderly woman said she would rely on candles and flashlights to get through the outage , which she blamed on poor governance . Other travelers told CNN-IBN of ruined plans to visit relatives and long waits at stifling stations . Miners in the Burdwan District of West Bengal state were hit by the blackout too . The district 's top administrator , O.S. Meena , told CNN that 150 coal miners were working underground when the outage struck , stopping lifts . Authorities switched to emergency supplies to run the elevators , he said . "  All are safe , " Meena said about the miners . Monday 's grid failure struck early Tuesday . By dawn , many backup power systems had run out of fuel ; power was partially restored after about six hours , authorities said . Airports and hospitals , running on backup power , remained operational , but many businesses closed , said Jyoti Kamal , senior editor for CNN-IBN . The cause of the problem was the failure to generate sufficient power to keep pace with surging demand , he said . Power is considered a luxury in much of India , where a third of households do n't have enough to power even one light bulb , according to last year 's census . They tend to be more common during the summer , when demand rises . Some of this summer 's increased demand has been caused by farmers using more energy for irrigation and other tasks , in part because rains during this year 's monsoon season , which began June 1 , are down by more than a fifth . People are also using air conditioning units more to cope with high humidity . The monsoon rains , which last through September but would normally be at their heaviest in July and early August , not only provide rain for agriculture and hydroelectric power , but serve as a natural coolant , said CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . Humidity exceeding 80 % makes the mid-90s Fahrenheit temperatures feel like more than 100 Fahrenheit . This makes it harder for buildings to cool at night , and harder for people to cool themselves through evaporation of perspiration , all of which lead to higher energy demands , Miller said . Power Minister Sushilkumar Shinde , who has ordered an investigation into Monday 's outage , said it had been a decade since an entire grid last failed in north India . He said that the cause of this week 's blackouts is not known but that some states , particularly agricultural areas , may have been using more than their share of energy . Prakash Javadekar , a member of India 's main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party , criticized the government for what he said was "  a huge failure of management in the power sector . " India -- the world 's fourth-largest consumer of electricity -- relies on coal for much of its energy but also uses hydroelectric power , which has been affected by the diminished monsoon rains . Observers say the crisis has exposed the need for India to update its infrastructure to meet its growing power needs . "  Economic growth is constrained by inadequate infrastructure , " among other factors , the U.S. State Department 's country report on India says . "  Foreign investment is particularly sought after in power generation , " it adds , as well as areas including telecommunications , roads and mining . Vulnerability of U.S. electrical grid a concern Four ways the Internet could go down Australia 's Melbourne Airport goes black	Travelers tell of disrupted journeys Power is largely restored in New Delhi , northern and northeastern India Tuesday 's blackout deprived as much as half the country of 1.2 billion people of power Monsoon rains are down , leading to higher energy demand amid high humidity
CNN  -- Arnold Schwarzenegger said he blames no one but himself for the breakup of his 25-year marriage to Maria Shriver , whom he described as the only true love of his life . "  It 's my fault . There 's no one else to blame , " the former California governor told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " in an interview that aired Tuesday . "  I ... screwed up badly and I take the full blame for it . " Shriver filed for divorce last year shortly after Schwarzenegger acknowledged that he fathered a child outside marriage with the family 's longtime housekeeper . He said he still hopes to win Shriver back . "  I love my kids dearly , and I love Maria ... She has been truly the only love that I 've ever had and that 's what is so pitiful about it , " he said , describing her as extraordinary and "  the most perfect wife . " Schwarzenegger admits habit of keeping secrets , including multiple affairs Schwarzenegger and Shriver have four children together . He characterized the affair as "  just about the stupidest thing that any human being can do . " "  All of a sudden , from one day to the next , the personal life totally crashed and I wiped out everything , you know , that I had . I mean the thing that I cherished the most was my personal life , was my marriage and was my family . I always thought that it was one of my greatest accomplishments , " Schwarzenegger said . The actor and former world-class bodybuilder touted his recent autobiography , "  Total Recall : My Unbelievably True Life Story , " which he said delves into both the good and the bad in his life . The native Austrian became an international celebrity in the 1970s as a bodybuilder , capturing four Mr. Universe titles before turning his attention to movies and becoming one of Hollywood 's most bankable stars . He went on to become governor of California , a position he held until his term ended in January 2011 . Since then , he has remained in the public eye and returned to the silver screen . His success , he said , came in part from his ability to visualize what he wanted as a child . "  I always ... had a vision , and the vision was so real that I really felt that I can accomplish and turn those visions into reality , " he said . It took a "  hell of a lot of work , " Schwarzenegger said , but he was willing to put in the time . Speaking a day before President Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney will face off in their first debate , he was asked if he had any advice for the candidates . "  The most important thing is to be real , he said . "  To be as honest as possible , and not to drop a lot of numbers and facts and statistics , because people do n't remember that . You 've got to be able to look right into the screen and to communicate with the people . " Schwarzenegger : ' I inflicted tremendous pain on Maria ' Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Arnold Schwarzenegger opens up about the affair with his family 's housekeeper The former governor says he still loves Maria Shriver and wants to win her back He describes her as "  the most perfect wife "
CNN  -- I carry in my mind a picture of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. at the beginning of the Selma to Montgomery voting rights march on March 21 , 1965 . What makes that picture so vivid to me 48 years later , as we prepare to celebrate his 84th birthday this month , is that voting rights issues I once imagined were over have resurfaced on a national scale . The biggest difference between then and now is that today 's voter suppression operations are highly sophisticated , compared with the crude , racist ones conducted by Southern sheriffs and voter registrars through the middle 1960s . Before the 2012 elections , well-funded efforts in state after state tried to curtail the participation of poor and minority voters by introducing burdensome voter ID requirements , despite a record showing individual voter fraud is virtually nonexistent in the United States . A five-year , nationwide investigation into voter fraud by the George W. Bush administration resulted in just 86 convictions . At the end of the Selma to Montgomery march , King delivered one of his most memorable speeches before a crowd of 25,000 on the steps of the capitol . "  Our whole campaign in Alabama has been centered on the right to vote , " he declared . "  We are on the move now , and no wave of racism can stop us . " The beginnings of the march , which came about after violent clashes that pitted Alabama police and state troopers against civil rights protesters and black Alabamans trying to get on the voter rolls , were more uncertain . By current demonstration standards , those of us gathered at Selma , a hard town to reach for anyone who did n't live nearby , were few -- 3,200 by most estimates . As he moved to the front of the line , King seemed eager to get started . He gave no indication he was worried about his own safety . When the march moved down U.S. Highway 80 , he appeared unperturbed by the counterprotest that seemed jolting to me : a "  Coonsville USA " sign , young kids carrying BB guns screaming "  white nigger . " King had , I realized , accepted such hatred as part of his lot in life . He could not know that by August 6 , 1965 , the Voting Rights Act would be signed into law by President Johnson . He could only hope the Selma march changed more minds than were in the rows of us walking behind him . The voter suppression efforts that were aimed at preventing President Obama from being re-elected in 2012 are a reminder that the decisive victory the 1965 Voting Rights Act provided can be undermined if we are not vigilant . The Supreme Court already has on its calendar a case , Shelby County v. Holder , that tests the constitutionality of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act , which requires state and local governments , primarily in the Deep South , with a history of discrimination to obtain "  pre-clearance " from the Justice Department before making any changes affecting voting . Motivating the Republican politicians , who in recent years have sought to suppress voting with tighter ID requirements , is their fear that the demographic tide is running against them . We have come 180 degrees from 1968 , when Kevin Phillips in his landmark political study of that election , "  The Emerging Republican Majority , " noted that by virtue of capturing the loyalty of the anti-civil rights whites of the South along with a majority of voters from the nation 's heartland , Republicans put themselves in a position to be the dominant party in the country after decades of Democratic rule . In 2012 the tide has shifted again . Despite taking 59 % of the white vote , Mitt Romney could not win an election in which the votes of minorities and new immigrants make up such an important share of the electorate . Republicans , aware that their hostility to such issues as future citizenship for undocumented immigrants and affirmative action has put the majority of nonwhite voters beyond their reach , have sought to do what white Southerners did before 1965 -- erect voting barriers to preserve their power . The voting barriers that King and the civil rights movement battled in the 1960s had their historic origins in such 19th century measures as the Mississippi Plan of 1890 , in which the state instituted the poll tax as well as the requirement that a voter be able to read or interpret any section of the new Mississippi State Constitution . The emphasis on photo IDs , which so many poor and minority voters lack because they do not own a car and can not afford to fly , is a variation of this past Southern strategy , as Georgia 's Democratic Rep. John Lewis , who was badly beaten at Selma during the "  Bloody Sunday " protest of March 7 , has pointed out . The rhetoric of the Old South and the present can even sound alike when it comes to voter registration . We need only compare Judge R. H. Thompson bragging about how the Mississippi State Constitution of 1890 preserved the white vote "  by Anglo-Saxon ingenuity " and Pennsylvania GOP House majority leader Mike Turzai telling a Republican State Convention this June , "  Voter ID , which is going to allow Gov. Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania , done . "  That Pennsylvania law ran into trouble with a judge and voter IDs were not required in the November election . It is easy to imagine King being dismayed by these historical regressive links , but it is hard to imagine him being moved to silence or inaction by them . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills remembers MLK 's march from Selma to Montgomery for voting rights King was fighting for voting rights , he says , 48 years later , voting issues are re-emerging Mills : Today 's voter suppression is subtle compared with the past 's crude , racist attempts Mills : As we honor MLK , we should fight voter ID laws and attempts to erode voting rights
CNN  -- Welcome to bug season , when mosquitoes , ticks and other creepy crawlers make even the bravest mom or dad hesitant to let the kids go outside . Not only are insects annoying , they can carry diseases such as West Nile virus and Lyme disease . But what 's the best way to ward off these pests ? A new report , released Wednesday by the Environmental Working Group , finds that no one bug repellent works against every insect , but your best bets are those products made with active ingredients registered with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and approved by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Scientific tests have shown that four registered chemicals provide a high level of protection from a number of bug bites , according to the EWG report : Picaridin , IR3535 , oil of lemon eucalyptus  and its synthetic derivative known as p-Menthane-3 ,8 - diol , or PMD  and DEET . These chemicals are found in many of the popular products on your drugstore shelves . Despite DEET 's reputation as a harmful substance , the EWG researchers found it to be one of the most effective chemicals against the risks of West Nile virus and Lyme disease . "  We found them all to be safe , especially if people do n't overdose on the product , " said David Andrews , lead author on the study and a researcher with EWG . "  And these chemicals do protect people against a lot of rather nasty insects . " And that 's important because insect-borne illnesses are on the rise . The West Nile virus , which is carried by mosquitoes , infected more than 5,600 Americans last year , and 286 people died from the virus , according to the CDC . A report this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association noted that the virus , which had been declining over the past few years , spiked in 2012 , especially in Texas . By analyzing the epidemic in Dallas County , Texas , researchers found serious West Nile outbreaks begin early , after unusually warm winters . They also seem to be concentrated in one area every year . The virus migrates around the country , so health officials say it 's very important to be aware if your area is being affected . Same goes for Lyme disease . Incidences of the tick-borne illness have more than doubled over the last 15 years , according to the CDC . Although the disease is transferred to humans through the bite of a deer tick , that tick is only found in 13 Northeastern states from Virginia to Maine , and in the upper Midwest , mostly in Wisconsin and Minnesota . If you live in those states , it 's best to take precautions . "  You need to know the insects that exist where you live and what works best against them , " Andrews said . "  No need to spray repellents for , let 's say , ticks , if they 're not prevalent in your area . " Although these four chemical repellents are effective , they need to be used correctly , the EWG warns . Consumers must follow the basic instructions to make sure that they do n't overexpose their skin . For instance DEET , when used correctly , is an excellent repellent , but overuse has been found to cause neurological problems in some people . Health experts suggest sticking with a 30 % concentration , a number that can be found on the repellent 's label . Researchers say anything more concentrated is n't necessary unless you are working outside for a long period of time . "  The concentration level does n't mean how much it protects , " Andrews said . "  It means how long it protects . So if you are out for a few hours , 30 % is just fine . " The EWG also notes that repellents should be a last resort when warding off insects . The organization recommends covering up with clothing , like long pants and long sleeves , socks and shoes . And be aware of the environment around you . Draining standing water -- where mosquitoes breed -- from your yard will keep populations low . "  We realize during the summer people are n't going to be wearing heavy clothing , or worrying about bugs as they enjoy the outdoors , " Andrews said . "  So that 's why we made this list . These products are out there , they are safe , and people should be using them to protect themselves . " Picaridin Developed by Bayer AG in the 1980s , Picaridin is not known to irritate skin and eyes and does not have a bad odor . It may also repel bugs for longer periods of time than other chemicals . Products that have Picaridin : Avon Skin So Soft Bug Guard ; Cutter ; OFF ! Active ; OFF ! FamilyCare ; Walgreens Light and Clean IR3535 IR3535 has been used in Europe for years . It can be irritating to the eyes but poses few other safety risks . Merck , the manufacturer , recommends formulas with 10 % to 30 % concentration to repel biting insects and ticks . Products that have IR3535 : Coleman Skin Smart DEET Approved for public use since 1957 , DEET is the most common mosquito and tick repellent . Products that have DEET : Bug Off ; Buzz Off ; OFF ! Active ; OFF ! FamilyCare ; OFF ! Deep Woods ; Repel ; Ultrathon Oil of Lemon Eucalyptus/PMD Oil of lemon eucalyptus is the trade name for a repellent that originated as an extract of the eucalyptus tree , which is native to Australia . Because the dangers to children have not been thoroughly investigated , products with oil of lemon eucalyptus or PMD have warning labels that say , "  Do n't use on children under the age of 3 . " Most oil of lemon eucalyptus products are sold under the name Repel or Cutter .	Four chemicals provide protection from biting bugs : Picaridin , IR3535 , PMD , DEET Despite negative reputation , DEET was found to be most effective and least toxic Insect-borne illnesses are on the rise in the United States , experts say Covering up with clothing and draining standing water will also help prevent bites
The same week that a report documented massive overspending at the General Services Administration , a video emerged Thursday showing an agency employee joking about the excess spending and saying he would never be investigated for it . The video also mentions an awards program for employees that gave out $ 200,000 worth of taxpayer-funded iPods , electronics and gift cards to entry-level government employees . "  I buy everything your field office ca n't afford , " raps the employee in the video . "  I 'll never be under OIG investigation . " OIG refers to the Office of the Inspector General , who originally looked into the GSA 's spending on a 2010 training conference held in Las Vegas . His report found the federal agency spent $ 822,000 on the event , including $ 75,000 on team-building exercises , $ 6,000 on commemorative coins , and $ 6,000 on canteens , keychains , and T-shirts . The revelations prompted GSA Administrator Martha Johnson to resign this week . House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa 's office , which is investigating the excess spending , received the video from the inspector general and released it to the public on Thursday . The video was the winning entry in an employee video contest at the 2010 conference . In handing out the award for the video , the deputy commissioner of the Public Building Service appears to mock oversight of the GSA . The revelations about the GSA 's overspending are prompting outrage among lawmakers who are furious about taxpayer money being wasted . The inspector general 's staff briefed congressional investigators Wednesday , and a source familiar with the briefing told CNN they were "  pretty astonished at the blatant misuse of funds . " Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , and Rep. Jeff Denham , R-California , chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Development , plan to hold a hearing on the matter April 19 . "  Over the course of the past few days , some of the outrageous spending habits of the GSA have surfaced , and it is unbelievable , " Mica said in a statement Thursday . "  First , it was reported that the agency spent $ 800,000 on a lavish training conference in Las Vegas , and yesterday we learned of an equally over-the-top employee award program that handed out $ 200,000 worth of taxpayer funded iPods , electronics and gift cards for questionable reasons at best . " More damaging videos may soon emerge . A congressional source familiar with the investigation of the GSA told CNN on Thursday that the agency had an internal website with video clips and pictures from the Las Vegas conference . The site is n't online anymore , but Issa 's committee is demanding more information about it . A GSA spokesman issued a statement saying , "  This video is another example of the complete lack of judgment exhibited during the 2010 Western Regions Conference . Our agency continues to be appalled by this indefensible behavior , and we are taking every step possible to ensure that nothing like this ever happens again . " Mica 's committee was already looking into the GSA 's budget when this week 's report came out . Earlier this year , committee members noticed that , at a time when other federal agencies ' administrative budges were being cut and going down , the GSA 's was dramatically increasing . The committee requested more details from the GSA about its budget and held hearings on the issue . The GSA witness at the hearings , Robert Peck , promised details but committee members did not receive them . A congressional panel said Tuesday that Peck was fired . Before she stepped down , GSA Administrator Johnson called the details in the report "  egregious " and "  absolutely unacceptable . " She also announced measures including disciplinary action against several senior management officials . Among other items cited in the inspector general 's report was a $ 12,000 finder 's fee paid to an outside company to book the resort complex for the convention , even though the GSA has planners on staff for that very purpose . The report said the GSA portrayed certain events as awards ceremonies simply to justify the catering bill . It was a GSA deputy administrator who initially asked for the investigation , saying there was questionable spending for the 2010 event . The GSA employs nearly 13,000 people across the country and is the federal agency that buys and manages goods and services for the government , ranging from envelopes to real estate and office buildings .	Video shows a GSA employee joking about excess spending It follows a report this week documenting GSA overspending The report shows the GSA spent $ 822,000 on a convention The video reveals an awards program that cost $ 200,000
Philadelphia  CNN  -- There is one thing to be said about Attorney General Eric Holder . He has a way with words that makes conservatives furious -- especially when he starts talking about race and the law . There are many examples . Early in the Obama administration , Holder said that we are "  a nation of cowards " when it comes to issues of race . The conservative chattering class erupted . Holder is at it again . He has fired up the right with his comments about the Trayvon Martin case , blaming "  mistaken beliefs and stereotypes " for the shooting of the Florida teenager . And now he is going after Texas ' voting laws . At the annual conference of the National Urban League in Philadelphia on Thursday , Holder renewed his attack on a recent Supreme Court ruling that gutted the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . "  Despite the court 's decision , I believe we must regard this setback not as a defeat but as a historic opportunity for Congress to restore , and even to strengthen , modern voting protections , " Holder said . Feds want Texas to clear voting-rights changes with them He then announced the Justice Department will "  ask a federal court in Texas to subject the state of Texas ... to obtain ` pre-approval ' from either the department or a federal court before implementing future voting changes , " similar to a provision in the Voting Rights Act . His remarks are the Justice Department 's first significant response to last month 's court ruling and seeks to address Texas ' controversial redistricting law that Holder filed suit against in 2012 . Holder said the state had a "  history of pervasive voting-related discrimination against racial minorities that the Supreme Court itself has recognized . " The attorney general previously has been accused by the conservative press of "  abuse of power " and of "  exploiting tragedies " by the National Rifle Association . Former U.S. Rep. Allen West attacked Holder for what he called "  race-baiting " and "  exploiting the law . " Civil rights organizations have called on Holder and the Justice Department to pursue federal charges against George Zimmerman after he was found not guilty in the Martin shooting . Harvard Law School professor Charles Ogletree , who mentions Holder several times in his book about racial profiling , "  The Presumption of Guilt , " said the attorney general "  has no fear or reticence to talk about race wherever he thinks it needs to be discussed and that leads to a host of reactions , usually negative , from people . " "  I think he is being very straightforward , and some people take it as being provocative . He is very honest about his views about race and justice , " Ogletree said . Provocative , or not , Holder has attracted little public criticism for his language from the one person who matters most -- his boss , President Barack Obama . The relative silence has created speculation that Holder is saying things the country 's first African-American president might like to say but can not . Jonathan Gould , an American University justice , law and society professor , said it 's almost certain the White House approved Holder 's recent remarks on race though Obama still had some deniability about them . "  Attorney General Eric Holder is speaking for the president , but there 's enough distance for Obama to say it 's not the view of the president . " Ogletree , who taught Obama in law school , said he is n't so sure . "  He certainly is n't speaking for President Obama ; sometimes he is speaking before the president has a chance , " Ogletree said . Still , Holder is "  saying some candid things about race that you do n't expect the president to be able to say without being divisive . And I think Eric 's view is that I 'm an experienced lawyer , I 'm a former judge , I 'm a former prosecutor . ... I know all these areas , and I 'm just going to be candid . He is older than President Obama , he 's been around , " Ogletree added . Just the same , Matt Miller , former director of public affairs for the Justice Department , said Holder is "  a proxy for attacking the president . " "  In other words when Mr. Obama 's political enemies go after Holder , they are taking a swipe at the White House as well , which makes Holder pretty useful to the administration . He 's out there taking the heat on guns , voting rights and some other issues . " And in many ways , that is what the job of attorney general has become , said the former public affairs director . Anyone who holds the office is expected to take tremendous political heat . "  The Department of Justice and the attorney general deal with so many controversial issues that split the parties in half , and Holder , as the head of DOJ , has not shied away from fights that he believes in , that drives Republicans crazy , " Miller said .	NEW : Eric Holder says Justice Department will go after Texas voting law after high court ruling Attorney general also has recently talked about race after George Zimmerman verdict Some conservatives have accused Holder of "  race baiting " Obama has not backed away from Holder or his comments
CNN  -- As the NBA 's Jason Collins made history by coming out as gay , he sought advice from someone who 'd walked this road before : Lance Bass . In case you do n't recall , the singer soared to fame in the late '90s as part of the popular boy band 'N Sync , but he did n't open up about his sexuality until 2006 . At the time , Bass told People magazine that he was acknowledging it mainly because of rumors , and that coming out made him feel like "  it 's on my terms . I 'm at peace with my family , my friends , myself and God , so there 's really nothing else that I worry about . " Bass , who now hosts SiriusXM 's "  Dirty Pop With Lance Bass , " revealed on his show Monday that Collins reached out to him for guidance through a mutual friend , actress JoAnna Garcia . "  He 's been trying to plan this for a very long time , contemplating if he wanted to do this . In fact , he said he was going to call me months ago , but he got too scared , " Bass said . But with Garcia 's encouragement , Collins finally made the call Monday . In NBA , Collins ' defense matters more than sexual orientation "  I gave him some very good advice today , because everybody wants to interview him , " Bass said . When Bass came out , he recalled wishing he 'd had more time to think about whom he wanted to talk to and how he wanted to do it . "  When I came out , I had 24 hours to decide what was going to happen . ... What I wish I could have done back then was to have a couple of days to sit down with  the Human Rights Campaign  , sit down with GLAAD  and  get downloaded  on how to handle this  " Bass said . "  So I gave him some really great connections . " By putting Collins in touch with people such as GLAAD 's Wilson Cruz , Bass is aiming to help the athlete "  get some really good information before he does these sit-downs , just so he does n't put his foot in his mouth ... because this will live  on  for the rest of his life , and he wants to make sure it 's good . " Obama ` could n't be prouder ' of Jason Collins The media crush that comes with such an announcement is n't the only part of Collins ' story to which Bass relates . Just as Collins was so busy with basketball that he did n't ruminate on his personal life until the 2011 NBA lockout , Bass said he was too stretched performing with 'N Sync to focus on his personal life . With the lockout , Collins "  finally got to sit back and think about himself , and relationships and love and all of that type of stuff because he had the time -- and that 's when he started becoming more comfortable with it and finding out about himself . And that 's exactly what happened with me when we went on the hiatus after the last 'N Sync show , " Bass said . "  We were 24/7 , had the same set schedule  and  I did n't have time to think about my personal life . And I totally relate to this because it was n't until that hiatus where I had a vacation , I had a few weeks off that I became comfortable with it , and met a guy finally and had my first relationship . It was that downtime that really makes you see things . " Bass told his "  Dirty Pop " listeners that he thinks "  we are going to be overwhelmed with the support he gets , " which has been steady over the past 24 hours . Many in Hollywood and beyond have joined Garcia and Bass in encouraging the NBA veteran , including President Barack Obama , who told reporters Tuesday he was "  very proud " of Collins and had spoken with him on the phone . Spike Lee slams Collins hate machine These are a few celebrities who encouraged the athlete on Twitter : Russell Simmons : "  P  roud of Washington Wizards ' player Jason Collins  @JasonCollins34  for coming out .  W  e will stand with you as you continue on your journey . " Ellen DeGeneres : " @NBA center @JasonCollins34 is the 1st out player on a US major league team . I 'm overwhelmed by your bravery , Jason , & sending so much love . " Neil Patrick Harris : "  Bravo , @JasonCollins34 ! Thanks for stepping up . For standing tall . And at 7 feet , that 's saying a lot . " Howard Stern : "  Big support to @jasoncollins34 . That 's not an easy thing you did . " Marlee Matlin : BRAVO to #jasoncollins for his bravery and class . Equality and changing attitudes are just inevitable . Shonda Rhimes : Totally loving me some @jasoncollins34 right now . Well done ! Eva Longoria : "  So proud of Jason Collins for being an example of bravery and courage . I applaud you !!! " On Monday evening , Collins responded on Twitter : "  Thank you to everyone who has reached out to me thru email , texts , calls , tweets , letters , and every other form of communication . #support . " Looks like Bass was right .	Lance Bass says he gave NBA player Jason Collins advice on coming out The singer opened up publicly about his sexuality in 2006 Bass says he wished he 'd had more time to process how to handle the media
New York  CNN  -- A New York man suspected in the death of an elderly woman who was set on fire in the elevator of her Brooklyn apartment building over the weekend was arraigned Monday on charges of murder and arson . Jerome Isaac , 47 , is being held without bail , according to the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office , and is scheduled to appear in court again on Friday . He wore a white jumpsuit and did not speak during the arraignment . The left side of his face appeared to be badly burned . Isaac 's attorney requested his client receive medical attention and be placed in protective custody because of the "  publicity and the nature of the offense . " Isaac is accused of attacking 73-year-old Deloris Gillespie . He told police Gillespie owed him $ 2,000 for work he claims he did for her , said NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . He turned himself in to police overnight Saturday or early Sunday morning . Neighbors said the woman was returning home to her fifth-floor apartment in Prospect Heights after a grocery store trip Saturday . A preliminary investigation showed Isaac standing outside the elevator on the fifth floor and attacked the woman as she was attempting to exit , authorities said . The incident was caught on surveillance cameras inside and outside the elevator , and police have the videotapes , Browne said . Authorities believe Isaac initially sprayed the woman with a flammable liquid , presumably gasoline , and continued to spray her as he followed her back into the elevator , Browne said . The woman was first sprayed in the face , he said . Then , using "  one of those long lighters that you would use for a grill , he lit a Molotov cocktail and used the burning leg on top of that to ignite her body , " Browne said . The suspect stepped out of the elevator , threw the Molotov cocktail inside , then returned again to spray more liquid on the woman as she burned , he said . "  This is as bad as it gets , " Browne told CNN 's Don Lemon . Authorities responding to a 911 call of a fire found the woman 's body inside the elevator . She was pronounced dead at the scene , according to police . Isaac lived about 10 minutes away from Gillespie 's apartment building , Brown said . After the incident , he apparently returned home and ignited the door to his own apartment , he said . He was concerned he had burned himself in the second incident , although no one else was injured , Browne said . He then hid out on a rooftop for a while and fell asleep , later going into a police station "  reeking of gasoline " and telling officers he was responsible for a fire . During questioning , Browne said , he implicated himself in Gillespie 's death . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	47-year-old Jerome Isaac is being held without bail He is accused of setting a 73-year-old woman on fire Isaac is scheduled to appear in court again on Friday His lawyer requests he be placed in protective custody
CNN  -- On Sunday , during the inauguration ceremony , and followed by endorsement of the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iranian President , Hassan Rouhani presented Majlis -LSB- the Iranian parliament -RSB- with a list of proposed cabinet members . A look at candidates shows that after eight years of the chaotic and catastrophic presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , things are getting back to normal . This could also mean that the old guard is in charge again . Senior ruling elites  the average age of Rouhani 's new cabinet is 57  are celebrating their victory after surviving Ahmadinejad pressures to uproot them . Read more : Rouhani takes over as Iran 's president After nearly two months of heated discussion and wild speculation about the makeup of Rouhani 's cabinet , the list of the proposed ministers can finally predict Iran 's future . A close aide to Rouhani , Hesamodin Ashna , wrote on his public Facebook page : "  This cabinet has been designed to return peace to the government of the country . The presence of veterans indicates difficult crisis that must be resolved . It takes at least two years to find out what in the past eight years has caused this country to fall apart . " The economic orientation of the new administration is clear . The appointment of Mohammad Nahavandian -- head of Iran 's Chamber of Commerce , Industries and Mines -- as the presidential Chief of staff , sends the message that the new government will be relying on the private sector . And the composition of the cabinet seemingly shows Iranian liberals will be at the helm of the economy . However , there is still speculation about the political proportions of the new administration . A mistake that many political critics make is trying to determine the political weight of the cabinet based on the overused dichotomy of principlist-reformist , neglecting that such a categorization can no longer describe the political arena of Iran , particularly in the post-election era . Read more : Rouhani feels limits of office Now , let 's look at a few facts . All 18 proposed ministers have good relations with Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , the head of the Expediency Council who became known as the kingmaker in this election . Some of these candidates are even considered Rafsanjani 's apostles . Sixteen of them have held prominent positions in the administration of Mohammad Khatami , the former reformist president who is out of favor with the hardliners and was not even invited to Rouhani 's inauguration . More interestingly three of these proposed ministers , Mohammad Akhoundi , Bijan Namdar Zanganeh and Ali Rabiei , were three of the most important members of the Mir-Hussein Mousavi campaign in 2009 .  This candidate is still under house arrest with his wife after protesting the vote result and leading the Green Movement  . Naturally such a makeup of the cabinet drew criticism from the radicals in the principlists ' camp . But more interestingly , radical reformists , particularly the activist and journalist body associated with them , have criticized Rouhani for his cabinet picks . Why ? Because the position of the three sensitive ministries of culture , intelligence and interior were not given to pure reformists . The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance was offered to Ali Jannati -- the son of 87-year-old head of the Guardian Council Ahmad Jannati -- who unlike his father has good relations with Hashemi Rafsanjani and during the presidency of Khatami was Iran 's ambassador to Kuwait . In an interview conducted less than a week ago he uttered almost everything that a reformist would say . Jannati said he did not believe in censorship before publication of books . Censoring has been the standard procedure in the past three decades of publication in Iran . He also promised that if a newspaper criticizes the administration it would not land in hot water . Read more : Presidential elections without buzz Despite being a principlist , Seyyed Mahmoud Alavi , the candidate minister of intelligence has mostly trodden his own path . Less than two years ago he was disqualified from running for Majlis by the Guardian Council for "  lacking practical commitment to Islam and the regime . " In a recent interview , Alavi had the courage to openly say "  there is a security atmosphere in the country at present and individuals are not at ease to speak -LSB- their minds -RSB- " and promised that the situation would change . Unlike the candidates for culture and intelligence ministries , Abdolereza Rahmani Fazli , the proposed interior minister whose job description includes appointing the 31 governors , has not revealed his view points . A principlist , Rahmani Fazli is very close to the speaker of Majlis , Ali Larijani . Therefore , many radical reformists have criticized Rouhani for giving a share in his cabinet to Larijani . An unofficial campaign has also started lambasting the speaker of Majlis as the sole obstacle to reforms in the country . It appears that certain political currents in Iran are repeated like short cycles . About 12 years ago , the reformists launched a campaign against Hashemi Rafsanjani and his cohorts including Hassan Rouhani to blame him for all the country 's problems in order to prevent his election to the sixth parliament . Demonizing Rafsanjani actually turned out to hurt reformists most as they lost a powerful ally , who could have helped them in furthering their agenda and paved the way for the victory of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the 2005 election . Portraying Larijani as the new wicked could have similar sequels . Larijani has already shown that he wants a relationship based on give and take . In the aftermath of the 2009 presidential election , despite pressure by hardliners to condemn popular protests , he remained silent as long as he could . In the beginning , he even tried mediating between the defeated candidate Mousavi and the supreme leader . It is only natural for the new president whose campaign slogan was "  solving things with prudency " to choose negotiation to strengthen the position of his camp instead of resorting to confrontation and exclusion . The boldest step Rouhani has taken is nominating Mohammad Javad Zarif as foreign minister . Zarif 's candidacy has been heavily opposed by the hardliners who insist this choice means that the new administration is serious about reducing tensions with the West , particularly with the U.S. . Some have claimed that Rouhani 's cabinet does not create strong hope of a political opening in Iran . But the reality is that the winds of change began blowing two months ago immediately after the election by the republication of two highly circulated reformist magazines that had been banned . And even though Mohammad Khatami was not allowed to attend the inauguration ceremony , his pictures have once again found their way to the front page of the newspapers . However , it appears that the threat of the radicalization of the supporters of change is stronger for the new administration than the pressure from extremists . Two weeks ago , one of the most prominent anti-regime figures in the country , 81-year-old Ebrahim Yazdi -- who has been sentenced to eight years in prison -- stressed in an interview with a reformist paper that Rouhani 's administration should not be expected to perform miracles : "  He has to arrange the melody of desired change with the increasing tolerance and endurance levels of the opponents of reform , " he said . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Reza Eshraghi	President Hassan Rouhani has presented Iran 's parliament with a proposed cabinet list Ali Reza Eshraghi says it suggests a return to the old guard , after Ahmadinejad 16 proposed ministers had positions in the government of reformist Mohammad Khatami However , three key posts were not given to pure reformists , Eshraghi says
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier , Haiti 's former dictator , returned unexpectedly Sunday to the country after some 25 years in exile , adding uncertainty into an already turbulent situation . Duvalier remained huddled inside his hotel Monday , as the reasons behind his visit and what he hoped to accomplish remained unclear . A scheduled press conference at his hotel was canceled at the last minute because the hotel was not equipped to handle the crowd , and no other location could be found , Henry Robert Sterlin , a Duvalier associate , told reporters . Sterlin said that the former dictator had returned because he was moved by the anniversary of last year 's tragic earthquake , and because he missed his homeland . The associate said he did not know how long Duvalier was staying , and added that he was not afraid to come back . He arrived in the Haitian capital as the nation is grappling with a political crisis , sparked by fraud allegations in a presidential election . Duvalier , wearing a dark suit and tie , greeted supporters at the busy Port-au-Prince airport . He was traveling with his wife . The Duvalier family ruled Haiti for three decades starting in 1957 , when Francois "  Papa Doc " Duvalier was elected president . He later declared himself president for life . When he died in 1971 , he was succeeded by his 19-year-old son , Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier . The younger Duvalier held onto power for 15 years before a revolt forced him to flee the country . Widely accused of corruption , Duvalier has been living in France . Upon arriving in Haiti , the former dictator and his wife went to the Karibe Hotel , according to Ryan Flaherty , head of security for Project Medishare . Duvalier 's wife was swarmed by people as she approached the hotel and said that her husband had decided to return to Haiti some time ago , Flaherty reported . "  There 's definite energy in the air right now , " he said , as he stood with a small crowd of Duvalier supporters outside of the hotel . "  Right now , people do n't know what he 's back here for . People do n't know if he is just visiting , or if he 's here to talk about the earthquake and relief ... or , is he going to make a political move ? " said Flaherty . "  It 's just going to be interesting to hear what he has to say . " The United Nations restricted the movement of its staff in Port-au-Prince until further notice , or until the impact of the former leader 's arrival becomes clear , said Patrick Hanson , a security officer for the United Nations in Haiti . While groups of people have gathered in various parts of the city , they are calm and no violence has been reported , he said . Last week , Haiti marked the first anniversary of a devastating earthquake that left more than 200,000 people dead . The January 12 anniversary of the catastrophe , as Haitians call it , comes as the Caribbean nation faces new crises : a cholera epidemic that has killed more than 3,700 people and a political impasse sparked by allegations of election fraud in the nation 's presidential balloting . Haiti 's Provisional Electoral Council released preliminary election results in early December that showed former first lady Mirlande Manigat 31.4 with percent of the vote . Jude Celestin , President Rene Preval 's handpicked successor , came in second with 22.3 percent , while popular musician Michel Martelly was third with 21.8 percent . However , a review of the results , conducted by an Organization of American States monitoring team , showed Martelly winning 22.2 percent of the vote to Celestin 's 21.9 percent , affording Martelly a spot in a runoff election with Manigat . A runoff , originally scheduled for Sunday , was postponed . Haiti 's constitution mandates a new presidential term starting on February 7 , but it is unclear whether that will happen . Anges Pierre-Louis , a local business owner , said Haitians are anxiously waiting to see what the government will do next , now that Duvalier has returned . "  There are so many parties here and so many mixed feelings that it 's really hard to know who to turn to at the moment , " she said . "  We do n't know what the next week or the next couple of days will bring . " CNN 's Kim Segal and journalist Jean Junior Osman contributed to this report .	NEW : A planned press conference by Duvalier was canceled The former dictator 's motives are not immediately clear Duvalier has been living in exile for about 25 years "  Baby Doc " Duvalier led Haiti for some 15 years before a revolt forced him to flee
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- Pfc. Bradley Manning pleaded guilty Thursday to 10 of the 22 charges against him -- but not the most serious one , "  aiding the enemy " -- in what the government says is the largest leak of classified documents in the nation 's history . And , for the first time , Manning offered his rationale for the crimes . In court , Manning detailed why and how he sent classified material to WikiLeaks , a group that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information through its website . He said he passed on information that "  upset " or "  disturbed " him , but nothing he thought would harm the United States if it became public . Manning said he thought the documents were old and the situations they referred to had changed or ended . Reading a statement for more than an hour , Manning described his motivations , beginning with what he called "  sigact tables , " documents describing significant actions in Iraq and Afghanistan that he said represented the "  ground reality " of both conflicts . He said he 'd become "  depressed about the situation there " and made copies of the sigact tables in his secure workstation in Iraq . Then , he took them back to the United States and pondered what to do with them . Manning said he first called The Washington Post . He spoke to a woman who he believed was a reporter and told her the kind of material he had . After five minutes , he got the impression she was n't taking him seriously , he said . He said he then called The New York Times and got nothing but answering machines , so he left a message and his phone number and e-mail address , but never heard back . Manning said he finally decided to send the documents to the WikiLeaks organization . "  I believed if the public was aware of the data , it would start a public debate of the wars , " he told the court . Manning acknowledged to the court he was not authorized to receive the classified documents he leaked and said he knows that he had other avenues through which he could have expressed his dissatisfaction . Exposing State Department cables , military video After he sent the documents to WikiLeaks in early 2010 , Manning said earlier , he became aware of an online debate about Iceland 's financial troubles and its relations with the United Kingdom . He decided to learn more about the issue , using his access to State Department cables . He said he sympathized with Iceland in the dispute and believed that Iceland was being "  bullied " by the UK , and that the United States would n't help . So he decided to send related information to WikiLeaks . It was published to the world within hours . At that same time , Manning said he learned about Reuters ' battle with the U.S. military over video of a helicopter gunship attack on a truck carrying a Reuters news crew in Iraq . Two Reuters staffers were killed in the attack . He said the military told Reuters that the video might not exist , but Manning had seen it . He made a copy of the video and planned to send it to Reuters when his tour ended . Manning said the video and the behavior of the Americans involved was so disturbing , "  It burdens me emotionally . " He was so upset , he decided to upload the video to WikiLeaks immediately . In that case , Manning said , WikiLeaks did not publish the video right away . Later , while communicating through chat rooms with a person whom he believed to be a top WikiLeaks official , he was told that the video was about to be published , and that he would n't be hearing much from them for a while . "  I 'd have nothing but work to distract me , " Manning said . Apparently bored by his regular analyst duties and prodded what he described as a curiosity about geopolitics , he began reading the State Department cables . He decided the American public should know how its diplomats go about conducting foreign affairs . Manning took the most widely distributed diplomatic cables and made copies for WikiLeaks . "  I believed that the public release of these cables would not damage the United States , but might be embarrassing , " he told the court . The court proceedings After Manning 's guilty pleas , Army judge Col. Denise Lind asked the defendant questions to establish that he understood what he was pleading guilty to . In addition , she reminded him that his lawyer had filed a motion to have the case dismissed on the grounds that he was denied his right to a speedy trial -- a motion that Lind denied Tuesday . By entering guilty pleas , Manning loses his right to have an appellate court consider that ruling , if he chooses to appeal . A military lawyer who follows the case told CNN the tactic is known as a "  naked plea , " or a guilty plea in the absence of a plea deal . The lawyer said that by using that strategy , the defense apparently hopes the government will feel victorious about the guilty pleas Manning has entered and wo n't go through the effort of a trial . But prosecutors reiterated that they will pursue the rest of the case against Manning . The judge accepted the guilty pleas , but noted Manning could withdraw them at any time prior to sentencing . He could receive up to 20 years on those charges . Manning said deciding to make the material public was "  beyond my pay grade . " Manning has asked for Lind , instead of the military equivalent of a jury , to decide his guilt or innocence on the 12 charges to which he pleaded not guilty . The most serious remaining charge , aiding the enemy , carries the potential for a life sentence . The U.S. military initially detained Manning in May 2010 , shortly after WikiLeaks published the State Department cables . Manning was turned in by Adrian Lamo , a former hacker , whom Manning allegedly told about leaking the classified records . In December 2011 , Manning 's Article 32 hearing , the military equivalent of a grand jury hearing to determine whether enough evidence existed to merit a court-martial , began . He was formally charged in February 2012 . After a military judge denied Manning 's lawyers ' motions to dismiss charges in April 2012 , the process proceeded , with Manning 's court-martial scheduled to begin on June 3 . Larry Shaughnessy reported from Fort Meade and Mark Morgenstein wrote this report in Atlanta .	Manning offers his rationale for the crimes , saying he did n't mean to harm the U.S. He has pleaded guilty to 10 of 22 charges against him Manning did not plead guilty to the most serious charge : aiding the enemy His court-martial is scheduled for June 3
CNN  -- Remember the CrackBerry ? Five years ago , the buzzing gadget was all the rage -- the rock star of mobile communication and seemingly every office drone 's high-tech status symbol . Sober-minded professionals talked about BlackBerry addiction and "  phantom vibrations " that caused users to reach for the devices even when they were n't actually doing anything . "  It 's like Pavlov 's dog , " B. Marc Averitt , a technology investor , told The New York Times in 2007 , referring to the gut-level longing users felt for the click-clack of the phone 's keyboard and humming notice that a new personal message had arrived . Fast-forward to Thursday , and what was the word ? "  Depressing . That 's the only word that comes to mind after reading the RIM Q1 financial results press release and listening to the conference call , " Chris Umiastowski wrote for the site CrackBerry , which emerged in 2007 , eight years after BlackBerry 's first two-way paging device was released . "  But  as crappy as the results were , I 'm not going to write up a death certificate for RIM here . " He did n't . And that shows that the folks who still love their BlackBerry still really love their BlackBerry . But let 's be clear : Some analysts do say it 's over for the BlackBerry . "  Anyone who 's been paying attention is n't surprised by BlackBerry maker Research In Motion 's recent collapse , " a blogger for ReadWriteWeb wrote . "  It 's unfortunate , but it 's been inevitable . " BlackBerry maker Research In Motion announced Thursday it is laying off 5,000 people -- and said earnings for the past three months were significantly less than expected , with the company reporting a first-quarter loss of $ 518 million . Sales were down 40 % from last year . Furthermore , the new operating system it 's pinning its hopes on will be delayed until next year , or , a full year after it was originally expected . Couple all of that with more reports that the company might be looking to sell off its once dominant service , and you had what amounted to a devastating head-kick for the Canadian company . It capped off a gut-punch of a financial year that has seen RIM 's stock price drop 70 % . So , what happened ? As an even more gadget-obsessed society than we were five years ago , how did we stop being BlackBerry fiends . Photos : Our mobile "  addiction " Well , how 's this for cruel and cosmic irony ? A day after the dismal report , something called the iPhone celebrated its fifth birthday . You might have heard of it . About 217 million of them have been sold . It may not have been the very first smartphone . But Apple made it sexy . And fun . And the BlackBerry , to many , would soon become the thing they give you at work . "  Apple 's new iPhone could do to the cell phone market what the iPod did to the portable music player market : crush it pitilessly beneath the weight of its own superiority , " Lev Grossman wrote for Time . "  This is unfortunate for anybody else who makes cell phones , but it 's good news for those of us who use them . " The guy has since written a book called "  The Magicians . " He must have had a crystal ball . Critics say RIM was too slow to react . To be sure , it maintained  and , to some degree , still does  the hard-core business user more concerned about reliability and security than playing "  Angry Birds . " But for many , the thrill was gone . By the time they brought a touchscreen BlackBerry to market , the second-generation iPhone 3G was already capturing hearts and minds . And even the goal of becoming the "  other smartphone " got further away when Google unleashed its Android operating system and opened it up to phone makers everywhere . The first Android phone , the HTC Dream , hit stores in October 2008 , around the same time as the BlackBerry Thunder . Google 's quicker response paid dividends , and now there are more phones running Android phones than there are iPhones . Ditto all of the above for the BlackBerry Playbook , RIM 's entry into the tablet market that , to be kind , failed to meet sales goals . None of this , as CNNMoney notes , means your BlackBerry will be a useless brick in the near future . RIM still has 78 million subscribers and $ 2.2 billion in cash on hand . But as a cultural icon , it 's hard to see the magic of the mid-2000s returning for the BlackBerry . It 's enough to make you want to tap out a condolence note for the company -- even if many of us will be doing so on a touchscreen . ` CrackBerry , ' Jelly Bean and Apple get just desserts	After CrackBerry heyday , Research In Motion has seen hard times Maker of BlackBerry reported big losses and layoffs Apple 's iPhone release in 2007 helped start the decline RIM still has billions on hand and 78 million subscribers
Mamoni Valley Preserve , Panama  CNN  -- A famed primatologist says the plight of chimpanzees helped inspire Michael Jackson to write the song "  Heal the World . " But the theme and the lyrics of the song turned out to be about a better world for humanity . "  He wrote what he told me he thought was his most powerful song ever , but it did n't end up for animals , " Jane Goodall said in a CNN interview Thursday night . Goodall spoke exclusively to CNN in a Panamanian rain forest where she is exploring a partnership on behalf of Roots & Shoots , her global youth education program . The interview comes as a new version of the song , first released on Jackson 's 1991 "  Dangerous " album , is being recorded by a collection of artists for release in late October . Goodall became friends with Jackson about 20 years ago when he invited her to his Neverland Ranch , where "  he talked about his dreams for the place to have animals running , looking free like they would in the wild . ... It was just a very charming day , very low key , nobody else was there , " she said . Goodall , famous for her 50 years of groundbreaking research on chimpanzees in Africa , said Jackson invited her because "  he loved what I did . " "  He loved chimpanzees , " she said . "  He loved to watch them feeding . He liked their faces . They made him smile . " Years later , she met Jackson 's chimp , Bubbles , and has visited him at his retirement refuge in Florida , she said . "  He 's extremely handsome , " she said . "  He 's a beautiful , beautiful chimp . So , he was rescued in time from this life of being inappropriately dressed up and carted around like a little symbol . " Goodall , whose life has been spent understanding chimpanzees , said she found Jackson to be "  a sad person . " "  In some ways , he was like a child , and a very sweet and gentle child , and he wanted me to tell him many , many stories , " she said . "  Stories about the chimpanzees , the forests , animals , anything . He told me he liked the way I told stories . " Goodall , who travels the world to promote protection of endangered chimps , said she had hoped Jackson would help get her message out . "  I said to him , ` You know , Michael , if you want to help , you could do a concert and give us a percentage . Or much better , write a song , ' " she said . Jackson asked her for tapes of animals in distress because "  he wanted to be angry and cry " as he wrote the song , which became "  Heal the World , " she said . The original CD cover notes credited Goodall for inspiring the song , she said . But , she added , the Jane Goodall Institute never saw any money from the song . Jackson later created the "  Heal the World Foundation , " which he funded with a series of concerts . The group delivered millions of dollars of relief to children around the world .	Jane Goodall says Michael Jackson loved chimpanzees Jackson wrote "  Heal the World " to call attention to chimpanzees ' problems Song became a call to peace for humanity Goodall said she found Jackson to be a "  sad person "
Washington  CNN  -- Lois Lerner , the head of the IRS unit handling tax-exempt status , invoked her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination before the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday . She is in the spotlight following a Treasury inspector general 's report that found her unit used political criteria to screen applications for tax-exempt status from tea party and other conservative organizations . Lerner joins a long line of officials who "  took the Fifth " when called to testify before Congress . Former Enron CEO Kenneth Lay , former lobbyist Jack Abramoff , retired Lt. Col. Oliver North and several Justice Department officials all invoked that privilege before Congress due to concerns that anything they may have said could have been used against them in court . Here is what the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution says : No person shall be held to answer for a capital , or otherwise infamous crime , unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury , except in cases arising in the land or naval forces , or in the Militia , when in actual service in time of War or public danger ; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb ; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself , nor be deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor shall private property be taken for public use , without just compensation . What that last part -- also known as the "  self-incrimination clause " -- generally means is that a witness can not be forced to make statements that he or she feels might be negative or used against them . The right must be affirmatively waived . By the numbers : IRS Invoking the Fifth Amendment is usually done to avoid answering specific questions . In Lerner 's case , the Justice Department is investigating the IRS saga and agency officials have faced pointed questions from lawmakers at three hearings . It remains unclear whether she ultimately will be compelled to testify by the Oversight panel . Republicans have questioned whether Lerner voided her right not to testify when she read her opening statement . "  I have not done anything wrong . I have not broken any laws . I have not violated any IRS rules and regulations , " she said . Committee Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , dismissed her with a warning she could be called back .	IRS official invoked Fifth Amendment right not to answer questions before Congress She joined a long line of public figures exercising right against self-incrimination Lois Lerner could still be called back to testify before House committee
London , England  CNN  -- British Airways said its operations got off to a good start Saturday despite a second consecutive strike by thousands of its cabin crew members . The airline said it was able to operate flights as normal at two London airports , Gatwick and City , and that the number of crew members reporting for work at Heathrow -- Britain 's busiest airport -- was enough to operate its planned schedule . "  We have got off to a good start , " the airline said in a statement . The crews walked out at midnight Friday in a strike set to last for four days . They staged a three-day walkout last weekend . BA said enough staff had crossed the picket lines that it was able to fly more than 75 percent of customers scheduled to travel during the strike . Another 18 percent of passengers are booked to fly on other carriers or have changed their travel dates to avoid the strike . Are you worried about the strike ? The Unite union , which represents 95 percent of BA 's 15,000 cabin crew , said it was too early say how many crew members worked despite the strike . At Heathrow 's Terminal 5 , which is used primarily by British Airways , things appeared to be running smoothly Saturday and long-haul passengers who spoke to CNN seemed largely unaffected . "  It 's been fine from Seattle ,  Washington  and I hope it will be fine going back to Seattle , " passenger Don Dewar said . Ravi Erukulabatn said his mother-in-law was still scheduled to fly to Hyderabad , India . "  She is flying on her own , so we were a bit anxious to begin with , bur fortunately it is happening as expected , " he told CNN . The airline said it will be able to run a full operation from London 's Gatwick and City airports . At Heathrow , BA will be able to run up to 55 percent of its short-haul flights and up to 70 percent of its long-haul flights , the airline said . To help operate as many flights as possible , BA is leasing planes , pilots and crews from six airlines , BA said . It is also using volunteers from other areas of the company to stand in for striking cabin crew . BA handed a statement to passengers on some long-haul flights , reassuring them the airline 's own staff was working on board . "  British Airways pilots will be flying your aircraft and you will be cared for in the cabin by British Airways staff , " the statement read . "  Some of these staff in the cabin may be additional pilots who have volunteered to look after you , and as such will be wearing their pilot uniforms . " Pauline Doyle , a spokeswoman for Unite , said having pilots standing in as flight attendants "  undermines " the relationship between cabin crew and pilots . BA Chief Executive Willie Walsh had threatened last week to take away the travel perks , which might have been one reason some union staff agreed to work despite the strike last weekend . Striking staff stripped of perks He said the travel perks are not in the crews ' contracts and can be withdrawn at the airline 's discretion . The union representing the striking workers called the move "  vindictive " and said restoring those perks must be part of any deal to end the strike . "  The withdrawal of travel concessions from crew who have been on strike represents unacceptable anti-union bullying , " Unite joint leaders Derek Simpson and Tony Woodley wrote in a letter to members . "  Any agreement to end this dispute must and will include a framework for the full restoration of those travel concessions . " Other carriers are offering to accommodate BA passengers affected by the strike . British carrier BMI , which flies to Europe and the Middle East , said Friday it had added 4,500 seats to its normal Heathrow flight schedule and Ryanair offered special fares to BA passengers . British Airways and Unite have been at odds for more than a year over changes the airline wants to make to cabin crew pay and work practices . BA says the changes will save the company more than 60 million pounds  $ 90 million  a year . Unite has said the plans , which call for longer work hours and less staffing , will damage customer service and the BA brand . Stock analysts have said BA has made clear it sees the action not only as a matter of money but who will run the airline -- management or the union . Unite said Friday the two strikes will cost British Airways about # 100 million  $ 149 million  , double what BA estimated earlier in the week .	British Airways says it was able to operate flights as normal at two London airports Airline says it can fly more than 75 percent of customers scheduled to travel BA cabin crew members in dispute over pay and working conditions Airline and Unite union have been at odds for more than a year over planned changes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A long line of hospital staff wraps around the corridor outside a small conference room in New York to catch a glimpse of the precious cargo . A worker looks at the mummified skull of King Tut in November 2007 . Inside are the three frail bodies in open wooden crates causing all the commotion . Another body -- a prince no less -- is a few rooms down in a computer tomography scanner . The bodies are part of the Brooklyn Museum 's collection of 11 Egyptian mummies , transported to the North Shore University Hospital to be scanned . The goal : Find out who they are , how they might have died and establish a chronology of advances in ancient Egypt 's mummification techniques . The process is not necessarily new . Egyptian mummies have been exposed to radiographic study since 1896 and CT scans , which conducts imaging by sections , for more than two decades . Perhaps the most famous of them , King Tutankhamun  c. 1355-346 B.C.  , was scanned in 2005 right outside the vault that holds his sarcophagus . The scan resulted in more than 17,000 images that were analyzed by an international team of radiologists , pathologists and anatomists , led by the world-renowned Zahi Hawass , the secretary general of Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities . The scope and ability of CT scan technology are proving invaluable in learning more about the funeral rituals of ancient Egyptians and the mummies themselves . Whereas conventional X-rays can not clearly distinguish soft tissue from bone and can see only two planes , CT scanning can differentiate among the various types of bone and soft tissue , and reconstruct three-dimensional images that "  show fine detail inside coronary arteries down to 0.6 millimeters " said Amgad Makaryus , director of cardiac CT and magnetic resonance imaging at North Shore , providing a better chance at diagnosis and differentiation among diseases . "  CT has proved to be exceptionally well-suited for studying the fragile , wrapped figures of Egyptian mummies , especially those still contained within their decorated plasterlike shells , or cartonnages , " according to an article by a team of eight researchers , led by Derek N.H. Notman , published in the American Journal of Roentgenology . CT scanning is fast and non-invasive , Makaryus agrees . A scan of one of the four bodies brought to North Shore quickly revealed that the mummy named Lady Hor was actually a man . The body never had to leave its cartonnage for the procedure . In the case of King Tut , initial X-rays of his mummy decades ago showed fragments of bone inside his skull , causing speculation that he might have been killed by a blow to the back of the head . The scan immediately revealed that his skull was intact ; and the team found no other indication of foul play , according to its report . "  King Tut is the icon of Egyptian history , but he is only one of thousands of mummies we can study . Through CT scans , we can , in a way , bring the dead back to life , " Hawass told National Geographic magazine . In another famous case , a CT scan helped identify the mummy of the Pharaoh Ramses I  1293-1291 B.C.  in 2000 . It had been bought from a Canadian museum by the Michael C. Carlos Museum in Atlanta , Georgia . Dr. Heidi Hoffman , a former radiology resident at Emory now practicing in Chicago , Illinois , and part of the team of scientists who analyzed the pharaoh 's body , was able to observe a type of bone erosion , and "  coalescence of air cells can be seen in cases of chronic mastoiditis , " an inflammatory condition usually due to chronic ear infections . Though easily treatable with antibiotics today , the pharaoh 's untreated ear infection could have spread and caused his death . At North Shore , Jesse Chusid , director of Imaging Informatics at the Department of Radiology , said the 64-slice CT scanner takes 0.6 mm-thick sectional scans and combines and magnifies them to provide extraordinary detail . Curators of the Brooklyn Museum reached out to North Shore for the first time in 2007 , to scan Demetrios , a 2,000-year-old mummy , before he was to join a traveling exhibit called "  To Live Forever : Egyptian Treasures From the Brooklyn Museum , " opening at the Chrysler Museum in Norfolk , Virginia , in October . Demetrios is called a "  red shroud mummy " because of unusual red pigment in his linen shroud . Another red shroud mummy is in the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles , California . There , CT scans revealed the remains of a mummified ibis , a bird sacred to Egyptians , wrapped inside . Curators of the Brooklyn Museum wanted to find out whether Demetrios had his own ibis , thought to be a sacrifice to the god Toth , whose head was an ibis . Demetrios did not have one . Still , Dr. Lawrence Boxt of North Shore University Hospital told The New York Times in 2007 that Demetrios either "  had an easy life or was carried around a lot . He certainly did n't do much heavy lifting during his lifetime . " The same was true for the mummy of the royal prince Count of Thebes , Pa-seba-khai-en-ipet . Edward Bleiberg , curator of Egyptian , classical and ancient Middle Eastern art at the Brooklyn Museum , said initial findings of his scan reaffirmed his high status : A small incision to the side of the abdomen to remove the organs , while carefully leaving the heart in place , then filling the body with embalming liquids -- all indicated a high-quality mummification process . Why the heart ? In ancient Egypt , the heart was considered the thinking organ -- the center of the soul and the source of knowledge , Bleiberg said . "  The heart knows what a person thinks and feels , " he said . "  It is supposed to be left in place during mummification so that it could be weighed against the feather of truth in the final judgment . " The images produced on the latest mummies at North Shore will have to be studied for months before researchers gain new insight into ancient Egyptian funeral practices . In the meantime , some revelations brought to light by the scans beg more questions yet : Pa-seba-khai-en-ipet seems to have a tube lodged inside him , running from his mouth through his esophagus and into the top of his chest . Bleiberg said he and Makaryus are pretty certain that was not the cause of death , and that it was inserted post-mortem . Purpose ? That might be lost to the ages .	Radiologists at NY hospital analyze Egyptian mummies CT testing allow radiologists to study mummies without doing damaging procedures Recent CT scan reveals Egyptian mummy named Lady Hor was actually a man
CNN  -- CNN has been awarded one of the highest honors in international journalism -- a Golden Nymph -- for its coverage of the earthquake in Haiti in the 24-hour news program category . The award was presented Thursday at the Monte Carlo Television Festival . Other nominees included BBC News , Sky News , France 24 and Russia Today . CNN International Executive Vice President and Managing Director Tony Maddox said : "  This award comes as CNN marks 30 years of journalistic enterprise . Our coverage of Haiti stands among the many proud moments of CNN 's history in covering the stories that help shape our world . "  It is an honor to be recognized by our industry peers at this prestigious festival . " Full CNN coverage of the Haiti earthquake Within minutes of January 's Haiti earthquake , which killed more than 200,000 people , CNN began covering the story . Within 24 hours , and before most military and relief organizations arrived , CNN had eight reporting teams -- 34 people -- on the ground , with more on the way . Once on the scene , CNN quickly established itself as a vital missing link -- helping worried relatives reach their loved ones in Haiti , while helping Haitians communicate word of their survival , their needs , and their despair . The Golden Nymph accolade comes in the wake of an exceptional year for the international news channel . CNN revamped its schedule launching 10 new European prime time programs ; opened its fourth international production center in Abu Dhabi ; brought in-house the production of its award-winning documentary strand "  World 's Untold Stories " ; relaunched its international and domestic Web sites and introduced new graphics , music , studios , and a tagline : "  Go Beyond Borders . " CNN has continued to invest beyond breaking news in intelligent and compelling newsgathering , sports , feature and documentary programming across all digital platforms , putting audience connectivity at the heart of its output through initiatives such as iReport .	Haiti earthquake in January killed more than 200,000 people CNN managed to have eight crews -- 34 people -- on the ground within 24 hours CNN established itself as a vital missing link , helping worried relatives reach their loved ones
Madrid  CNN  -- An oil tanker captain was acquitted Wednesday of the central charge in what 's widely considered Spain 's worst environmental disaster -- a spill that blackened hundreds of miles of coastline . Apostolos Mangouras , who was captain of the Prestige during the accident in 2002 , was found not guilty of environmental crime . He was , however , convicted on a lesser charge of disobeying orders from Spanish officials who tried to save the ship . Mangouras was sentenced to nine months in jail . But Spanish legal experts said prison time is unlikely for someone sentenced to less than two years who has no prior criminal record . If he had been convicted of environmental crime , he could have faced up to 12 years in prison . Another Greek officer on the ship , Nikolaos Argyropoulos , was acquitted altogether . So was Jose Luis Lopez-Sors , former director general of Spain 's Merchant Marine Department , the only Spanish government official charged in the case . The three were not in court for the verdict . The court ruled that a precise cause for the accident could not be established , so criminal responsibility could not be determined . "  No one knows with certainty what could be the cause of what happened , nor what should have been the appropriate response to the emergency situation created by the serious problem of the Prestige , " the verdict reads . "  But no one can deny the structural problem , nor could they show during the trial where that problem occurred exactly or why . " The group Nunca Mais , whose name means "  never again , " said it was studying the 263-page ruling . The group includes citizens and organizations that helped clean up the spill and served as a kind of class-action plaintiff in the case . Pedro Trepat , attorney for Nunca Mais , called parts of the ruling "  strange . " An appeal to Spain 's Supreme Court is possible . ` Coast of Death ' The Prestige issued an alarm on November 13 , 2002 , during a storm with gale-force winds off northwest Spain in an area known as the Coast of Death , famous for numerous shipwrecks . The ship reported it had a gash in its single hull and some of its cargo of 70,000 tons of fuel oil had started gushing out . Spanish authorities soon ordered the stricken ship to move farther off the coast . It struggled for days but on November 19 , at 8 in the morning and about 145 nautical miles off the coast , it split in two and sank . Oil continued to leak from it , at the bottom of the Atlantic , in the ensuing days . Much of this oil , described by some as having the sticky consistency of chewing gum , blackened hundreds of miles of coastline in Spain and neighboring France . It was an ecological disaster , with dead and oil-laden birds as a painful reminder . It was also an economic disaster for Spain 's vital fishing industry , which was brought to a standstill for months over health concerns . In 2003 , the cost was estimated at about $ 5.7 billion . But the court Wednesday did not assign damages to be paid because the defendants were acquitted of the principal charge of an environmental crime , which carried the potential for payments of damages , Trepat said . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The court did not assign any damages An appeal in the case is possible Tanker captain is acquitted of environmental crime ; 2 others acquitted altogether The massive 2002 oil spill blackened hundreds of miles of coastline in Spain and France
London  CNN  -- Prime Minister David Cameron blames the riots that shook Britain over the past 10 days on a "  slow-motion moral collapse ... in parts of our country , " he said Monday , as police arrested a new suspect linked with one of the deadliest incidents in the violence . Cameron listed problems including "  Irresponsibility . Selfishness . Behaving as if your choices have no consequences . Children without fathers . Schools without discipline . Reward without effort . Crime without punishment . Rights without responsibilities . Communities without control , " in a speech in his constituency in Oxfordshire . And he promised that the government will "  review every aspect of our work to mend our broken society " in the coming weeks . Thousands of people have been arrested and processed through courts working around the clock since violence erupted over the killing of a man in London during a police operation . Police in London announced Monday they had arrested 1,593 people over violence , disorder and looting since riots broke out just over a week ago . Some 926 of those people have been charged , they said . Police released video footage from a closed-circuit TV camera that showed what was described in a news release as "  the attempted murder of two police officers as they chased looters " August 8 . The footage , which showed officers being hit by a speeding car that ran at several officers in a street , was released in hopes that it could lead to the identity of those in the car , police said . "  One officer was struck so hard that some of his body armour came off and  he  can clearly be seen lying in the middle of the road after the collision , " the news release said . Both injured officers are recuperating , the release said . In a separate news release , Metropolitan police singled out the work of the department 's dog unit -- and one dog specifically -- for commendation . The release said 30 to 40 dogs from the unit were sent out nightly to work with police officers . Obi , a 3-year-old German Shepherd , was hit by a thrown brick , sustained multiple skull fractures and received emergency treatment "  at various London veterinary clinics , " the release said . The dog is recuperating , but expected to be out of service for several months . "  Obi , like all our dogs , showed incredible bravery in the face of the mass disorder , " Constable Phil Wells of the Dog Support Unit said in the release . "  All Met dogs receive the best possible training to help them cope with the most dangerous of situations , but this week has tested them and us to the limit . " Metropolitan police arrested a suspect late Sunday over the killing of another man during the ensuing riot . The 24-year-old was the sixth person arrested in connection with the shooting of Trevor Ellis in the London neighborhood of Croydon on August 8 . And police in Birmingham arrested a man Monday in connection with the hit-and-run deaths of three other men during the riots . The 30-year-old man , who was not named , is the seventh person held in the incident . Three other men , aged 17 , 23 and 26 , are in custody awaiting further court hearings , and another three suspects are free on bail pending further investigation , West Midlands Police said Monday . Residents say the three victims in the hit-and-run in Birmingham were mowed down by a car while protecting businesses from looters in Britain 's second-largest city . Haroon Jahan , 21 , along with two brothers , Shazad and Munir Hussein -- both in their 30s -- were keeping watch outside a gas station following a break-in by looters during the riots , relatives said . "  The guy who killed him drove directly into the crowd and killed three innocent guys , " said Tarik Jahan , father of the youngest victim . "  Why ? What was the point of doing that ? I do n't understand . " "  All they wanted to do was to protect their business and other businesses within the community , " said Abdullah Khan , an uncle of the two brothers , on Saturday . Shazad Hussein was looking forward to the birth of his first child in a few months , the uncle said . "  A father will never hold his child , a child will never be held by his father , a wife without a husband , parents who have lost two sons . Words can never express what we are going through at this moment , " he said . Khan appealed for justice , and asked witnesses to come forward . Birmingham , like many other areas in Britain , was rocked by riots that started after the shooting death of a man who protesters said was killed by police . The violence first broke out on August 6 following protests over the death of Mark Duggan in the north London neighborhood of Tottenham . He was shot after a police unit that deals with gun crime stopped a cab carrying the 29-year-old father of four . CNN 's Bharati Naik , Alex Felton , Elizabeth Joseph and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Police release video footage of two officers hit by car during London riots Police arrest a seventh man in connection with three hit-and-run deaths in Birmingham The number of arrests in London rises to 1,593 The British prime minister vows to "  mend our broken society "
Residents of three villages in northeastern Nigeria took security into their own hands this week , repelling attacks by Boko Haram insurgents and killing more than 200 of them , residents and officials said . Hundreds of Boko Haram fighters stormed the villages of Menari , Tsangayari and Garawa in the ethnic Shuwa-dominated Kalabalge District on Tuesday . Boko Haram -- the group responsible for the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls from the same region -- was met with stiff resistance as locals put up a fierce fight , witnesses said . A month has passed since the girls were kidnapped , and the Nigerian government has been accused of not acting swiftly or efficiently enough to protect villages in the region threatened by Boko Haram . In the three villages attacked Tuesday , gunmen arrived in dozens of all-terrain vans , armored tanks and motorcycles , but villagers quickly mobilized and engaged the attackers in a prolonged battle . "  They attacked Menari and killed around 60 people and burned some homes before proceeding to Tsangayari and Garawa villages , " resident Algoni Ahunna said . When news of the attack filtered out , people trooped out from nearby villages carrying arms . Locals seized an armored tank , three all-terrain vans and 90 motorcycles from the attackers , residents said . "  At Tsangayari and Garawa , they met a big surprise as residents engaged them in a fierce battle in which over 200 of the Boko Haram fighters were killed . More than 150 were killed in Tsangayari , " Ahunna said . A lawmaker in Borno state 's Parliament confirmed the incident . "  I received information on the gallant action taken by the people in Kalabalge District in which at least 200 Boko Haram gunmen were killed , " said the lawmaker , who asked not to be named for security reasons . A relief worker in the area said he counted more than 100 bodies in Tsangayari alone . "  I believe the number of the gunmen killed is up to 250 , " said the worker , who also asked not to be named for fear of reprisals from Boko Haram . It was the second defeat Boko Haram has suffered from locals in the area in over a month . Scores of Boko Haram gunmen were killed by villagers in early April in a foiled raid , residents said . 20 soldiers killed in ambushes The director general of the National Orientation Agency , which acts as a communications arm of the government , commended the villagers ' actions , but defended the military . "  The vigilante is a common phenomenon in Nigeria -- it is not a new development , " Mike Omeri said . "  They were able to do what they did because they had prior information that these people were coming to attack them at a particular time in the night and particular time of the day . " Omeri said he did not know how the villagers would have received that key information . "  The military can not be in every village at the same time -- like I said for emphasis , if the military had not been on the ground sufficiently , perhaps the entire northeast would have been overrun by now . Or the entire country would have been overrun , " he said . Meanwhile , the military was having problems among its ranks after 20 soldiers were killed in two separate ambushes on Wednesday . One of those ambushes happened after troops left Chibok , the village from which the girls were kidnapped . According to military sources , Nigerian soldiers upset over the deaths of their colleagues opened fire on a convoy carrying a military commander . The commander escaped unhurt , the military sources said . "  Soldiers have been angry with the poor treatment they receive from their superiors in terms of inadequate arms and poor allowances in their combat against Boko Haram , " a military source said . "  The death of their colleagues was too much for them to bear . " The Nigerian defense spokesman , Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade , downplayed the incident as "  an internal issue that has been sorted out . " Families , friends identify girls in video Chibok is located in a remote part of northern Nigeria . Many people there do not have access to television . Those who do have held viewing sessions at their homes to watch a Boko Haram video , released Monday by Agence France-Presse , a French news agency . Parents crowded around the screens , searching for any sign of their missing daughters . The governor of Borno state , Kashim Shettima , also arranged special viewings for some families and girls who escaped the clutches of Boko Haram . A spokesman for the Borno governor said parents , students and teachers have so far identified 77 of the girls in the video , which shows about 100 girls , not the full 276 abducted from Chibok . Some relatives interviewed by CNN -- an uncle of one of the girls who escaped and the parents of two missing girls -- said they believe the video also shows some girls abducted as long as two years ago . The confusion is significant because the video had been hailed as proof that at least some girls in the Chibok abduction -- the object of international search efforts -- were alive and well . Such proof would be a crucial part of any possible negotiations that could lead to the release of the girls . "  I think we 've got to be realistic , " CNN analyst Frances Townsend told CNN 's "  New Day " this week . "  Even in a negotiation , because of the large number of captives , you are unlikely to return all approximately 300 girls to their families and reunite them healthy , safe and well . "	Parents and students work to identify girls in video Residents of three villages fought off attacks by Boko Haram They claim to have killed more than 200 attackers The Nigerian military has been accused of not doing enough
CNN  -- Three women kicked off an AirTran plane bound for New York say a "  bully " flight attendant is to blame . The passengers -- who did not know each other before the Monday flight from West Palm Beach , Florida , to White Plains , New York , but were seated in the same section of the plane -- say the incident started during boarding when a male flight attendant began roughly handling bags in the overhead bin . "  I said , ` Hey , I have breakables in that , ' " recalled Marilyn Miller , according to CNN affiliate WPTV-TV in West Palm Beach . But she said the comment only seemed to make his behavior worse . "  It was just like a bully and I found myself shaking . " Passenger Carol Gray told the TV station that she flagged the same flight attendant for help with another problem . "  I said , ` Excuse me sir , my seat is broken , ' and he looked at me and said , ` I 'm not talking to you , ' and poked me in the arm , " Gray told WPTV . The passengers said the flight attendant then began to get angry and told them to leave the plane , according to WPTV . That 's when a third woman , who had been watching the situation unfold , told the station she decided to intervene . "  I said , ` This is crazy , they did n't do anything . Why are you doing this to them ? ' And he said , ` Throw her off , too , ' " Karyn Schorr told WPTV . Palm Beach County sheriff 's deputies were called to the scene and stood by as the women exited the plane and went to another gate , said Eric Davis , a spokesman for the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office . The women were not cited or charged with any crimes , WPTV reported . Southwest Airlines , which owns AirTran , said it booked new travel arrangements for the passengers and compensated them as "  a gesture of goodwill for their inconvenience . " "  Our goal is always to mitigate any uncomfortable situation prior to departure . Our crew assessed the environment onboard and ultimately decided to accommodate the passengers on an alternative flight , " spokeswoman Brandy King said . "  We always prefer that a passenger walk away with a positive experience when flying our airline ; we regret that did n't happen in this scenario . As we often do in these situations , we will take this opportunity to review the reports and take away any key learnings that we might uncover . "	Three passengers were asked to leave an AirTran flight Women tell CNN affiliate an angry flight attendant is responsible for the episode Airline says it 's reviewing the incident , compensates passengers for "  inconvenience "
CNN  -- Kenyan runner Emmanuel Mutai laid down a marker for the 2012 Olympics by winning his first London Marathon in a course-record time on Sunday . Runner-up in the men 's race last year , the 26-year-old came home in two hours four minutes and 40 seconds to eclipse the 2:05.10 set by compatriot Samuel Wanjiru in 2009 . He ran the fifth-fastest time in marathon history as he ended the two-year title reign of Martin Lel -- who was more than a minute behind in second place . Lel edged out a third Kenyan , Patrick Makau , in a sprint finish as both clocked 2:05:45 . Marathon star Haile Gebrselassie shares his secrets The African nation tasted further success in the women 's race , where Mary Keitany headed off defending champion Liliya Shobukhova of Russia by 56 seconds , while Edna Kiplagat claimed third in her race debut . Mutai , the runner-up at the 2009 World Athletics Championships , said he was delighted to finally win a major event . "  My dreams have come true because I had it in my mind that one day I would win one of the five major marathons , " he told the UK Press Association . "  I was second here and in New York last year , but today has finally come for me . My aim was just to win , I was not focusing on the time , but I tried my best to push it when I saw we were inside world-record pace at one stage . "  It was fantastic to win the race and improve my personal best . " Marathon mission : Why those final steps are a killer Keitany is also a major contender for 2012 in the UK capital , having shaved almost 10 minutes off her time in New York a year ago as she came home in 2:19:19 -- the fourth-fastest women 's time . The 29-year-old did not have to compete against record-holder Paula Radcliffe , who missed her home race for the second year in a row but will return to action in a 10 kilometer race next month for her first outing since the 2009 New York Marathon . "  I think I surprised myself because I was running with the champion from last year and I was a bit scared , " Keitany told PA. "  But then I started to believe in myself that I could do it and I feel very happy . " The race attracted more than 35,000 competitors , with British celebrities taking part alongside the general public -- some running for fun and others to raise money for charity . One English couple stopped six miles from the end to get married , PA reported , while there were 34 records recognized by Guinness including fastest times for a super hero , cartoon character and marching band . Meanwhile , Ethiopia 's Gebrselassie Tsegaye Reda became the first non-Kenyan in five years to win the Belgrade men 's marathon in Serbia on Sunday . He came home in 2:14:41 to head off Kenya 's Michael Rutto Chetoo , while Reda 's compatriot Tadele Geremew Mulugeta was third . Kenya 's Frashiah Nyambura Waithaka won the women 's race in 2:34:31 .	Kenyans dominate London race with Emmanuel Mutai and Mary Keitany winning Mutai claims his first major marathon victory with fifth-fastest time run by a man Keitany wins women 's race by 56 seconds in fourth quickest time by a female British event attracts more than 35,000 competitors ahead of 2012 Olympics
CNN  Nigerian forces fought off Boko Haram militants in the northeastern city of Maiduguri , military officials said Monday , but the extremists seized another town in the same state . Hundreds of Boko Haram gunmen launched a predawn attack Sunday on Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state . Soldiers repelled the attacks , and officials have since eased a curfew imposed as a result , said Col. Sani Usman , a military spokesman . But a simultaneous attack on nearby Monguno town was a different story . The Islamist militants captured the town , together with its military barracks , a Nigerian military officer said . It 's unclear how many people were wounded or killed during the battle for the two cities . "  Our soldiers initially repelled the terrorists but they mobilized more fighters and came back in full force . They overwhelmed our troops and forced them to retreat , " the military officer said . He asked not to be named because he 's not authorized to speak to the media . Monguno is about 135 kilometers  85 miles  from Maiduguri . The former has a population of 100,000 while Maiduguri has about 600,000 . Both cities are near the Chad and Cameroon borders , which would give the militants an entry point into those countries . Monguno and its military post served as a buffer to keep the militants away from Maiduguri . Its fall leaves Maiduguri vulnerable and puts the extremists in a better position to seize the city . Boko Haram had been confined to the fishing town of Baga since its fighters seized it on January 3 . Thousands were feared killed in that attack , which lasted days . Borno Gov. Kashim Shettima said soldiers will continue their crackdown on the militants . "  So long as we have the resources , we will continue to regard the efforts to reclaim peace our No. 1 area of commitments , " he said . " I want to reassure the good people of Borno State that we will never abdicate from our responsibility as those they entrusted with leadership . " The attack came a day after President Goodluck Jonathan made a campaign stop in Maiduguri ahead of the February 14 presidential election . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was also in the nation Sunday to call for peaceful elections . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south .	Soldiers repelled the attacks in Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state A simultaneous attack on nearby Monguno was a different story
CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates will try 94 people on charges of seeking to seize power , the UAE 's state news agency WAM reported Sunday . Most of them were detained in September and are only now being charged , CNN learned . "  They launched , established and ran an organisation seeking to oppose the basic principles of the UAE system of governance and to seize power , " Attorney General Salem Saeed Kubaish said in a statement published by WAM . Those arrested were sent to to the Federal Supreme Court . The group is apparently part of an organization that Kubaish said was established to teach the "  virtues of Islam . " It intended to take over the government and "  oppose the basic principles of the system , " he said . The suspects are accused of using social media to attempt to turn public opinion against the government and its leadership . Some of the suspects are allegedly part of a group called al-Islah . Islah means reform . Abdullah Al-Hadidi , son of 53-year old detained al-Islah member Abdulrahman Al Hadidi , spoke with CNN . "  We are not political opposition , " Al-Hadidi said . "  We know he is not guilty of these charges . I am also a member of al-Islah , and we are proud of Islah . They want us to admit  to crimes  to turn public opinion against us . " He said that contrary to news reports in the region , al-Islah is not a branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , which is banned in the UAE . The Brotherhood is one of the largest political groups in the region . It came to power in Egypt after a revolution that unseated President Hosni Mubarak and brought sweeping changes to that country . The UAE was not rocked by Arab Spring protests like Egypt , Tunisia , Libya and other nations in the region . "  It is the responsibility of those making this accusation to offer proof , " Al-Hadidi said . "  We do not deny we have been influenced by some of the ideas of the Muslim Brotherhood , much as we 've been influenced by some of the ideas of capitalism or any other ideology that we are surrounded by . "  But we are not a branch , " he continued . "  We have taken on the best of each ideology and left out what may not be beneficial to our county . " He said the group has secularists . He also stressed that it 's not an international group or movement . The government accuses the group of meeting in secret "  in their houses and farms " to organize their plot to "  seize power and the state 's system 's governance , " according to a statement on the official news agency WAM . The detainees are also accused of receiving financial support and expertise from the Muslim Brotherhood "  to serve their undeclared goal of seizing power . "	NEW : Most of the suspects were detained in September and are only now being charged Government accuses them of meeting in secret , using social media to stir unrest Some arrested are allegedly part of al-Islah ; government links them to Muslim Brotherhood Some group members say they 're activists , but distance themselves from other groups
An internal Veterans Affairs audit released Monday said tens of thousands of newly returning veterans wait at least 90 days for medical care , while even more who signed up in the VA system over the past 10 years never got an immediate appointment they requested . The review provides a more complete picture of widespread problems at the agency 's health care facilities -- as reported by CNN over the past seven months -- than preliminary findings last month that led to the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki . "  This data shows the extent of the systemic problems we face , problems that demand immediate actions , " said acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson , who took over after Shinseki stepped aside . Deadly waits Reports of the sometimes fatal waits , with the VA acknowledging 23 deaths nationwide due to delayed care , sparked public anger over problems at the VA that have existed for years . Despite efforts to address some issues in recent years , including reductions in backlogs for benefits and the number of homeless veterans , the long waits have continued for newly enrolled veterans to get initial appointments for care . Reasons for the chronic problems include the increasing number of veterans returning from wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and a bonus system that rewarded managers for meeting goals regarding access to treatment . 14-day goal "  not attainable " The audit findings , covering 731 VA facilities nationwide and based on interviews with more than 3,700 staff members , said a 14-day goal for providing care to newly enrolled veterans proved "  simply not attainable " due to growing demand and a lack of capacity . "  Imposing this expectation on the field before ascertaining the resources required and its ensuing broad promulgation represent an organizational leadership failure , " it said of the deadline imposed under Shinseki . According to CNN 's previous reporting , managers in Phoenix and elsewhere used secret waiting lists to cover up the amount of time it took for veterans to get appointments . "  In some cases , pressures were placed on schedulers to utilize unofficial lists or engage in inappropriate practices in order to make waiting times appear more favorable , " said a fact sheet released with the audit . At the same time , the audit said that questions it posed "  were not worded to ascertain the reason that policy may have been violated , " adding that its findings "  can not be extended to identify deliberate deception , fraud , or malfeasance . " Keyword search the audit The figures in the audit -- 57,436 newly enrolled veterans facing a minimum 90-day wait for medical care ; 63,869 veterans who enrolled over the past decade requesting an appointment that never happened -- show the scope of the problem . At the same time , both figures represent about 1 % of the total 6 million or so appointments in the VA system now , and do n't reflect possible changing circumstances , such as enrolled veterans who seek care at a different facility than the one where they first signed up . Gibson 's statement said the VA has contacted 50,000 veterans "  to get them off of wait lists and into clinics " so far , and planned to contact another 40,000 . Steps taken Other steps he announced included :  Removing the 14-day scheduling goal .  Suspending all performance awards for VHA senior executives for fiscal year 2014 , which runs through September .  A hiring freeze at VA central headquarters in Washington and the 21 VHA regional offices , "  except for critical positions to be approved by the secretary on a case-by-case basis . "  A new patient satisfaction measurement program .  Ordering an independent , outside audit of VHA scheduling practices across the system . This would differ from a review being conducted by the VA inspector general 's office .  Applying reforms announced for the Phoenix VA facility to others considered the "  most challenged . "  Deploying mobile medical units to provide services to veterans awaiting care . CNN first reported the extensive problems at the Phoenix VA facility , including an interview with a whistleblower who said dozens of veterans died while waiting for care there . Fatal waits in Phoenix Changes needed White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the new audit showed "  some personnel changes need to be made and some have already , " in reference to Shinseki 's departure and some top managers in Phoenix placed on administrative leave . "  It 's also clear there need to be some management changes in terms of ... the procedures that the VA has in place to fulfill their responsibilities , " Earnest said . Some in Congress on both sides of the aisle have called for a criminal investigation , and 21 senators sent a letter Monday to Attorney General Eric Holder asking for the FBI to get involved . "  This challenge requires resources that only the Department of Justice can provide in developing and assessing evidence , pursuing leads , and initiating active prosecutions aggressively if warranted , " said the letter from 10 Republicans and 11 Democrats . Bring in the feds The signers included Kay Hagan in North Carolnia , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Mark Pryor of Arkansas -- Democrats from traditionally conservative states who face tough re-election battles in November . Richard Griffin , the acting VA inspector general conducting his own review of the system , has said he regularly consults with the Justice Department as part of his inquiry . A Justice spokesperson said Monday that "  the department continues to consult with the Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General regarding their ongoing review . " Declining further comment on an "  ongoing matter , " the spokesperson said the department "  often consults with inspectors general on legal matters and acts on any referrals should they find sufficient predicate for a criminal investigation . " Griffin said on Monday that his office is now looking at 69 VA facilities .	Audit confirms widespread scheduling problems at VA CNN first reported on the issue in November , VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned over the scandal Twenty-one senators from both parties call for FBI investigation VA acting inspector general says his office is now looking at 69 VA facilities
The Republican establishment won big during this year 's midterm elections , fending off far-right candidates in primary races who might have threatened the party 's bid to retake full control of Congress . 2016 will be tougher . GOP leaders will have to keep an eye on a wide-open presidential primary , along with internal party fights at the House , Senate and gubernatorial levels . That could spread the party thin and leave an opening for conservative activists to pluck off establishment leaders with greater ease , particularly in congressional races as much of the attention shifts to the battle for the White House . Conservatives , smarting from their losses this cycle , are already getting organized for 2016 . And they came out of this month 's government spending fight furious that congressional Republicans produced no tangible response to President Barack Obama 's immigration executive action and convinced that Republicans are still ceding issues to Democrats after the election . Daniel Horowitz , a conservative strategist and editor of the site ConservativeReview.com , said that now that Republicans have control of Congress , "  there 's nowhere to run , and nowhere to hide " for those who have n't kept their promises to the GOP base . "  You can only fool most of the people some of the time , " he said . "  Every capitulation -LSB- congressional Republicans -RSB- engage in , every primary they win by getting across the finish line and they do n't do what they 've promised -- it becomes that much tougher for them to defend . " Trent Lott , the former GOP Senate majority leader , said party leaders need to acknowledge the challenge they 'll face with the presidential race at the top of the ticket . "  You have to go into it realizing what 's going on in the Republican presidential primaries will have some effect on the House and Senate primaries , " Lott said in an interview . "  What they need to do -- that they did well in 2014 , but they need to do even better this cycle -- is reduce the number of open seats , and recruit solid contenders . " The dynamic underscores the competing priorities among Republicans heading into 2016 . Establishment leaders view moderate candidates like Jeb Bush or Chris Christie as their best shot at winning the presidency . But conservatives believe that type of candidate would only follow in Mitt Romney 's path to a disappointing loss , and are pushing for bomb-throwers like Sens. Ted Cruz or Rand Paul . The debate will play out at a time when Republicans are vulnerable on Capitol Hill . Though they will hold majorities in both chambers , Republicans face a daunting map in the Senate , where they 'll defend 24 seats in 2016 -- seven in states that Obama won twice . Establishment Republicans see a need for more centrist nominees to defend those states in particular , and yet those centrist incumbents -- senators like John McCain of Arizona and Rob Portman of Ohio -- already have targets on their backs . Paul Lindsay , spokesman for the establishment-friendly outside group American Crossroads , said nominating strong candidates takes on added urgency because of the tough political terrain for Republicans . "  I think -LSB- candidate quality -RSB- is very important , especially given the fact that we have the Senate and we 'll want to make sure that we maintain it -- and we have a map with a lot of Republican senators who are up for reelection in purple or blue states that Obama won , " he said . The memory of Todd Akin , the Missouri Republican Senate candidate who created headaches for candidates up and down the ballot with his comments on rape and pregnancy in 2012 -- and lost a winnable race -- has n't faded from the minds of Republican strategists . They are wary that another fringe nominee could undermine the party 's shot at the White House this year . Building on lessons from that cycle and 2010 , national Republicans this year decided to aggressively engage in primary fights to help nominate strong candidates , and the strategy brought the GOP great success . But their primary successes took huge amounts of resources from the establishment , both financial and human , and considerable message discipline across the GOP . Along with the National Republican Senatorial Committee , the Chamber of Commerce and American Crossroads all poured millions into primaries to defend incumbents and beat back conservative challengers . Establishment strategists that engaged in primary fights this past cycle acknowledged with a wide-open , high-stakes presidential primary splitting attention and resources away from House and Senate primaries , conditions are ripe for an underfunded , insurgent challenger to slip through to the general . Austin Barbour , an adviser to a Mississippi-based super PAC that helped Sen. Thad Cochran fend off an unexpectedly tough challenge from the right , said incumbents this cycle should see Cochran 's race as a cautionary tale . Fundraising "  has to be a concern , " he said . "  You have to raise a ton of money and make sure you have a strong political organization in your state , " he said . "  They 're all going to require human capital , as well as financial capital , to win those races " in 2016 . GOP strategist Chris LaCivita , who advised the NRSC last cycle and was sent to help Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts overcome an unexpectedly strong independent challenger , said on that front in particular , the presidential primary could make things tougher . "  There 's gon na be a lot of competition for money , a money and time-suck is going to really have an impact on Senate and House candidates , especially challengers , " he said . Indeed , Lindsay said the group again plans to engage heavily in primaries . But he acknowledged it will be tougher to raise the money . And there 's also the prospect that typically fringe candidates wo n't need the money to pick up traction , with a conservative presidential candidate offering them some lift . That could also complicate the party 's message downballot , if incumbents and establishment candidates are asked to answer for gaffes or controversial comments made by conservative candidates engaged in the presidential primaries . And having a conservative-vs . - establishment fight at the presidential level could force some downballot candidates to address some of the more policy issues they can typically skirt , like welfare reform or disaster relief , that could be problematic for a nominee in a general election . Horowitz said conservatives see that as a key advantage of the upcoming cycle . "  We do have a net benefit of a presidential election , where you have prominent people at the top of the ticket discussing those issues and forcing some of those individual candidates downballot to go on the record , " he said . But Ron Bonjean , a veteran Republican strategist with close ties to establishment groups and candidates , said that could be the GOP 's "  biggest challenge . " "  Our biggest concern is making sure that Republicans and candidates are running their statewide programs -- and not falling into the challenges of the presidential primary campaign trail , " he said . Preparing for that potential is already underway . Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is in talks to launch a new super PAC geared towards Senate races , likely to bolster the NRSC and Crossroads in helping nominate strong candidates and engage in the general election fight . The NRSC has met with the chiefs of staff of all incumbent senators up for reelection . But Tea Party groups say they 're recalibrating as well , preparing for what ForAmerica President Brent Bozell called "  real combat . " "  It 's going to be real combat between the moderates and the conservatives in the party -- it 's going to come to the surface in a pretty dramatic way , " he said .	The Tea Party lost nearly every one of its battles in 2014 , but may have a better shot this cycle With three levels of primary fights , the establishment 's attention and resources will be split Establishment groups are already gearing up for another costly and divisive battle
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- As Moammar Gadhafi 's inner circle showed possible signs of cracking Friday , heavily armed forces loyal to the Libyan leader continued pounding cities that were once some of the country 's most prosperous places . Officials and analysts said the surge in firepower from the Libyan government sends a message : Gadhafi is determined to prevail , and defections of some of his high-profile allies are making him nervous . "  You 're certainly getting evidence that there are a lot of tensions . ... Each person that leaves , that makes it a little scarier for the people that are still remaining . And you may , at some point , get a tipping effect , " said Anne-Marie Slaughter , a professor of international affairs at Princeton University . On Thursday word emerged that Gadhafi 's pick for U.N. ambassador had defected to Egypt -- a day after Libya 's foreign minister fled to London and told the government there that he had resigned . Citing unnamed British government sources , the Guardian newspaper reported Friday that a senior adviser to one of Gadhafi 's sons was in London for secret talks with British officials . The adviser to Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , Mohammed Ismael , told CNN earlier this week that he would be traveling to London for family reasons . Calls placed to his mobile phone by CNN on Friday were not answered . Asked about the Guardian report , a UK Foreign Office spokesman neither confirmed nor denied it . "  We are not going to provide running commentary on our contacts with Libyan officials , " the spokesman said . "  In any contact that we do have , we make it clear that Gadhafi has to go . " Rebel fighters also said they remained determined to topple Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year reign . But the battles over key cities are far from over . Rebels massed on the outskirts of the government-controlled oil town of al-Brega , which has changed hands six times in six weeks under dramatically shifting circumstances in the country 's civil war . Misrata , Libya 's third largest city and the final rebel stronghold in the western part of the country , was under siege by pro-Gadhafi forces . Badly damaged buildings lined streets covered with wreckage after weeks of urban combat . Witnesses said most residents fled the downtown area after government forces positioned snipers on tall buildings and used tanks and artillery in the city center . Clearly outgunned , opposition forces have pinned their hopes on more NATO airpower . "  We want to bring a speedy end to this , " Col. Ahmed Omar Bani , an opposition spokesman , told CNN . "  A strike is not a strike unless it kills . " U.S. officials claim Gadhafi 's military capabilities have been steadily eroded since the onset of U.N.-sanctioned airstrikes . But the dictator 's forces still outnumber rebels by about 10-to-1 in terms of armor and other ground forces , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen told the House Armed Services Committee Thursday . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , also speaking before the House committee , warned that the Libyan rebels still need significant training and assistance . "  It 's pretty much a pickup ballgame " right now , he said . U.S. and British officials say no decision has been made about whether to arm the opposition . Gates reiterated the Obama administration 's promise that no U.S. ground forces will be used in Libya , telling committee members that the rebels had indicated they did n't want such an intervention . But the United States does have CIA personnel on the ground . CIA operatives have been in Libya working with rebel leaders to try to reverse gains by loyalist forces , a U.S. intelligence source said . The United States , insisting it is now fulfilling more of a support role in the coalition , shifted in that direction as NATO took sole command of air operations in Libya . A U.S. intelligence source said the CIA is operating in the country to help increase U.S. "  military and political understanding " of the situation . But officials leaving Libya may end up playing a more decisive role than troops or CIA agents on the ground . After defecting Wednesday , former Libyan Foreign Minister Moussa Koussa was voluntarily speaking with officials in the United Kingdom , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said . Hague said Koussa 's departure from Libya provides evidence "  that Gadhafi 's regime ... is fragmented , under pressure and crumbling from within . " Koussa did not tell the Libyan government he was planning to quit before he arrived in Britain , Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim said Thursday . But Ibrahim downplayed the defection itself , saying Koussa was an old man in poor health who had not been able to handle the pressure of his job . On Thursday an opposition leader and a relative said that the man Gadhafi tapped as the country 's U.N. envoy had defected to Egypt . Former Foreign Minister Ali Abdussalam Treki , who recently served as the president of the U.N. General Assembly , was to replace Abdurrahman Mohamed Shalgham as ambassador in New York . But he never arrived . Such defections are significant , but not as important as the departure of one of Gadhafi 's family members would be , according to Robert Baer , a former CIA operative in the Middle East . "  Crack that clan and he 's done . Those elite units will fall apart , the tribe will defect , and it will all be over , " Baer told CNN 's AC360 . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Ben Wedeman and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Britain 's foreign secretary says Libya 's former foreign minister is speaking with officials Report : A senior adviser to one of Gadhafi 's sons was in London for talks The battles over key cities are far from over U.S. military leaders officials say Libyan opposition forces are outgunned
CNN  -- Film composer John Barry has died after an award-winning career spent writing the score for many movies , including 11 James Bond films , a friend said . Barry won Academy Awards for his work on "  Dances with Wolves " in 1990 and "  Out of Africa " in 1985 . He also won for "  The Lion in Winter " in 1968 and "  Born Free " in 1966 , according to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . He was nominated in 1992 for his work on "  Chaplin " and in 1971 for his work on "  Mary , Queen of Scots . " He also wrote the theme songs to 11 James Bond movies , according to United Agents , the agency that represented him . "  There was something elegantly effortless about the way John created seemingly simple tunes that were in fact very complex , " said David Arnold , a friend and fellow Bond composer . "  The fact that these tunes went straight to your heart is just more evidence of the man 's genius . " CNN 's David Wilkinson contributed to this report	Barry worked on the score to 11 James Bond films He won several Academy Awards
CNN  -- Renowned conductor Lorin Maazel died from complications of pneumonia at his home in Virginia on Sunday , his family said . He was 84 . Maazel conducted more than 150 orchestras in at least 5,000 opera and concert performances during his career , beginning when he was just 8 , according to his official biography . Maazel remained active as a conductor in his last year , leading 111 concerts from Oman to Munich , Germany , in 2013 , the bio said . He announced last month that his health had forced him to cut back on his public engagements . He was music director of the New York Philharmonic when he took it to North Korea to perform a concert broadcast on North Korean state television in 2008 . He also served as artistic director of the Deutsche Oper Berlin , general manager of the Vienna State Opera , music director of the Radio Symphony of Berlin , the Symphony Orchestra of the Bavarian Radio , the Pittsburgh Symphony , the Cleveland Orchestra and the Munich Philharmonic . Maazel conducted most of the major American orchestras , including the NBC Symphony at the invitation of Arturo Toscanini , from the ages of 9 and 15 . His more than 300 recordings include "  symphonic cycles of complete orchestral works by Beethoven , Brahms , Debussy , Mahler , Schubert , Tchaikovsky , Rachmaninoff , and Richard Strauss , winning 10 Grands Prix du Disques , " his bio said . People we 've lost in 2014	Lorin Maazel conducted more than 150 orchestras in at least 5,000 performances He began his public career when he was just 8 Maestro Maazel conducted the New York Philharmonic in North Korea in 2008
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's anti-missile system , the Iron Dome , will become operational within four months , the Israeli Defense Ministry said Monday . The security system -- which was designed to protect Israel from short-range missiles and rockets -- is part of a larger defense system that includes protection from mid - and long-range missiles , intended to protect Israel from a possible Iranian attack , the ministry said in a statement Monday . Video released by the ministry shows the interception of Grad and Qassam-like rockets , similar to those launched into Israel from Gaza in recent years and from Lebanon during the second Lebanon war of 2006 . Israel has considered rockets and missiles the main threat to its security since it withdrew its troops from southern Lebanon in 2000 and from Gaza in 2005 . "  This is an important landmark for the security system and the security industries , " Defense Minister Ehud Barak said in a written statement . "  We will work to station the systems on the ground as soon as possible . " "  The importance of the new system is major , " concurred Ron Ben Yishai , national security and defense commentator for Yediot Aharonot newspaper and its website , known as Ynet . "  The IDF can easily identify and target heavy missiles before being launched because of the time required to prepare them , whereas short-range rockets can easily be hidden behind any bush or house in southern Lebanon , " he said . "  It is the lighter -- up to 70 kilometers range -- rockets that pose the serious nuisance to the Israeli population . " In Washington , the White House is asking Congress to approve $ 205 million to help Israel build the system , Obama administration officials said . White House spokesman Tommy Vietor explained the administration 's rationale , saying , "  The president recognizes the threat missiles and rockets fired by Hamas and Hezbollah pose to Israelis . " According to an Israeli defense ministry spokesman , the cost of developing and manufacturing the first two batteries was approximately $ 218 million . The cost of each additional battery is estimated at $ 13 million and rises to $ 21 million with the addition of radars and missiles . "  A good coverage of Israel 's borders requires 15 to 20 batteries , " Ben Yishai said . He said he believes the advantages of the system justify the cost . "  Each intercepting missile costs the IDF $ 50,000 , yet the price should not be compared to the cost of the cheap Qassam but rather to the cost of the damages it causes both in human lives and in property . When examined this way ,  the  equation is clear . " The funds proposed by the White House are expected to pay for up to nine more Iron Dome batteries . Two senior administration officials said the $ 205 million would be in addition to the $ 3 billion the United States spends each year to support Israel 's defense . One senior administration official said a U.S. team traveled last fall to Israel to see work on Iron Dome , and concluded that it was "  a system that made sense . " Another senior administration official said the funding is part of an ongoing partnership between the United States and Israel to promote steps "  we can jointly take to improve Israel 's security . " Israel 's short-range rocket-defense system is "  one of the security measures we 've been talking  about  with them over time , " the official added . The Obama administration is helping Israel enhance its security systems , in part , to address Israeli fears that the establishment of a Palestinian state would create a safe launching pad for rocket attacks . The batteries "  can be transferred anywhere within Israel within a matter of hours , " the defense ministry said .	NEW : "  The importance of the new system is major , " said YNET commentator NEW : The batteries are portable The Israeli defense system is known as the Iron Dome It is designed to protect against short-range missiles and rockets
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- What is most shocking about Gabby Giffords now is how much she looks like her old self . Her golden locks are back ; so is the sparkle in her eyes and her broad smile . Gone is the short hair and thin frame we saw at the beginning of her recovery . Yet she knows she will never be the same . "  Stronger . Stronger , better , tougher . Stronger , better , tougher . " That 's how Giffords describes herself . The former Arizona congresswoman makes that declaration with determination and gusto . But it still takes a considerable amount of energy and concentration to articulate that , or anything else . Being with Giffords , who was shot in the head two years ago during an appearance in front of an Arizona supermarket , it is obvious that she understands and absorbs everything around her . She follows conversation , reacts , engages and offers unsolicited ideas -- usually in the form of a single word or gesture that makes clear what she means . Exclusive : Gabby Giffords still appreciates gun culture But at times , even simple words are a struggle , like when she tries to explain how she spends her days . "  Occupational therapy , yogurt , " said Giffords . Her husband , former astronaut Mark Kelly , patiently and quietly corrects her , saying "  yoga . " "  Yoga , yoga , " Giffords repeats , offering a playful smile to signal she gets how funny it was that she said "  yogurt " instead of "  yoga . " Gabby and Mark : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control She has go-to phrases that indicate how she feels , often saying "  good stuff " to express encouragement and "  whoa " to show something excites her or makes her happy . The right-handed Giffords still has no use of that hand and that arm is paralyzed . She generally wears a sling to keep it from flopping around . Her right leg is also paralyzed . She wears a large brace and literally drags her right leg with her good , left leg to walk . Still , she walks remarkably well . Giffords has a service dog -- Nelson , a golden lab -- with her at all times . She is also still aided by nurses , who come to her home , and by speech therapists , who constantly work with her to help improve her ability to communicate . She also does n't see very well . ` Yes , it 's tough ' : For Giffords , a wounded life has a new purpose "  Not great at all , " is how she described her vision . Giffords has limited sight in both eyes , no peripheral vision to the right . Kelly jokes that when he wants to sneak up on her he will come around the right so she ca n't see him coming . That makes Giffords giggle . It is clear watching the couple interact that humor helps keep her spirits up and eases the pressure of their intense daily struggle . For Kelly and Giffords , this is the new normal -- a life together that neither could have ever imagined when they first got together . She was a bright young political rising star and he was an astronaut . Kelly said it is "  different in a lot of good ways . " The biggest difference ? For the first time , they actually live in the same house , in the same city , in the same state . Before Giffords was shot , she jetted between her home in Tucson and work in Washington , while Kelly lived and worked in Texas , home of Johnson Space Center . They had a commuter marriage , which did n't allow them much time together . Now , they are together all the time , living in a ranch-style home they bought last summer . And since January , the two have worked together as well . They started Americans for Responsible Solutions , an organization and super PAC dedicated to pushing Giffords ' former colleagues in Congress to support new restrictions to help curb gun violence . Giffords and Kelly own guns , and CNN filmed Kelly taking target practice with the same kind of gun Jared Loughner used to wound Giffords and kill six other people . Giffords says she would like to learn to shoot again , but it 's not a high priority . When asked about the National Rifle Association 's argument that the only thing that can stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " Giffords becomes animated . "  It does n't work ! " she says . "  It does n't work . " She says if she were still in Congress , she would have supported new gun-control legislation in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . Giffords ' work and her recovery are not unrelated . Those around her said she has noticeably made more progress with her speech and physical challenges over the past few months since she re-engaged in the world of politics and public policy . Kelly said Giffords does have moments of frustration , but both insist she is mostly optimistic and not resentful . "  No . Move ahead , " said Giffords . "  Move ahead . " CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords says ` good guy with a gun ' does n't work Paralyzed on her right side and partly blind after being shot , former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords defines a ` new normal ' Giffords and husband live in the same house , same state for the first time in their marriage Even with moments of frustration , Giffords insists she is mostly optimistic and not resentful
CNN  -- The music was pounding , the lights pulsing . The concertgoers , who packed the club , were rocking with wild abandon to the sound of the band on stage . But the party quickly turned to horror as flames sparked by pyrotechnics swept up the walls and across the ceiling . This was n't the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil , where more than 230 souls lost their lives Sunday . It was The Station nightclub in West Warwick , Rhode Island , where 100 were killed during a show by '80s heavy metal band Great White . For survivors of that February night fire in 2003 , the Sunday blaze in Santa Maria brought back memories of their own brush with death . Photos : Hundreds dead in Brazil nightclub fire "  I ca n't help but watch because I 'm one of them , " Gina Russo told CNN affiliate WPRI-TV . "  It 's just devastating that someone else has to experience it . " Russo suffered serious burns in the fire , but the flames claimed the life of her fiance , Fred Crisostomi . A sad sense of deja vu In the years since the blaze , Station fire survivors have felt the same sadness numerous times : In December 2004 , when 194 people were killed in a nightclub fire in Argentina 's capital , Buenos Aires ; In December 2008 , when fireworks triggered a fire and panic at a nightclub in Perm , Russia , killing 156 people ; And in January 2009 , when a New Year 's Eve blaze at a Bangkok club claimed 64 lives . Now , the reality of another such tragedy tears at the heart of Dave Kane , whose 18-year-old son Nicky was the youngest victim of the Station fire . "  It has n't stopped . Nobody has learned anything , " he told CNN affiliate WJAR-TV . "  What else do you need to get through to somebody ? I do n't know what that is . " Sunday , The Station Fire Memorial Foundation offered its condolences and sympathies to those affected by the fire in Brazil . "  The loss of life and injuries sustained are almost too heartbreaking to comprehend , " a statement from the organization said . "  One can not help but notice the similarities between this tragedy and the Station nightclub fire that occurred nearly ten years ago . " Read more : 3 arrested in deadly Brazil nightclub fire Fire brings changes The Station fire brought changes to Rhode Island law , requiring sprinklers at buildings that can house more than 150 people and limiting pyrotechnics . The nightclub had had no sprinklers , and the foam used to deaden sound in the venue was highly flammable . Michael and Jeffrey Derderian , the two brothers who owned the club , pleaded no contest to 100 counts each of involuntary manslaughter . A judge sentenced Michael Derderian to four years in prison , but spared Jeffrey Derderian jail time with a suspended sentence . He received 500 hours of community service . Changes were made nationally , too . The fire prompted many states to pass laws forbidding pyrotechnics in nightclubs , mandating sprinklers and the presence of at least one trained crowd manager . Read more : How to stay safe Living in the aftermath For Russo and Kane , the years have taught them that time -- lots of time -- can sometimes gradually heal the emotional wounds . It 's "  astounding pain , and your entire life gets completely mangled , " said Kane , who wrote a book after the fire called "  41 Signs of Hope . " "  Only through the grace of faith and hope can you mange to pull yourself out and live again to start anew , because the sun does come up the next day . " Russo also penned a book after the tragedy : "  From the Ashes , Surviving the Station Nightclub Fire . " "  You can heal from it , " she said . "  It just takes time and patience and to know you 're not alone . " John Barylick , an attorney who represented victims in wrongful death and personal injury cases arising from the fire , knows the pain well , too . "  In coming days , Rhode Islanders will follow the unfolding news from Brazil with a sense of queasy deja vu -- the rising body counts , the victim identification process , the grieving families , and the assigning  and dodging  of blame , " he said . "  If only they had learned from our tragedy . " "  No concert is worth your life . " Deadly blazes : Nightclub tragedies in recent history	100 concertgoers died in 2003 Rhode Island nightclub fire Gina Russo lost her fiance in the blaze and was seriously burned Dave Kane 's 18-year-old son was the youngest victim More than 200 people have been killed in a club fire in southern Brazil , authorities say
CNN  -- Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro weighed in on the Arizona mass shooting that killed six and injured 14 , including Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , in a column distributed Monday . The column , titled "  An Atrocious Act , " condemns the shooting , but Castro did n't miss the chance to criticize the right wing of U.S. politics . He said Giffords was an enemy of the Tea Party and described her as a supporter of immigration reform , stem cell research and alternative energy , "  measures that are hated by the far right . " But despite the differences between the United States and Cuba , the Communist former president said he was saddened by the news . "  Even those of us who do n't share his  President Barack Obama 's  political or philosophical ideas in the least sincerely hope that no children , judges , congressmen or any U.S. citizen should die in such an absurd and unjustifiable way , " he wrote .	Castro refers to the mass killing as "  an atrocious act " The former Cuban leader takes a swipe at the far right
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Five people arrested in Pakistan had been reported missing in the United States , and police are confident they were planning terrorist acts , a Pakistani police official told CNN . It is too soon to link the men with any terrorist organizations , said Tahir Gujjrar , deputy superintendent of police in Sargodha , Pakistan , but preliminary investigations suggest they had sought to link up with the Jaish-e-Mohammed and Jamaat ud Dawa militant organizations . Neither group showed interest , however , Gujjrar said . The five were from Virginia and their families had contacted the FBI soon after they went missing , he said . They include two Pakistani-Americans , two Yemeni-Americans and an Egyptian-American . The arrests came after a raid on a home in Sargodha , about 120 miles south of Islamabad , Gujjrar said . No U.S. officials have confirmed Gujjrar 's information , and there was no evidence charges had been filed . The FBI had said earlier that it was trying to determine whether a link existed between the five missing men and the arrests in Pakistan . A U.S. law enforcement official not authorized to speak for attribution said the five missing men were all American citizens . Asked if they are the same men arrested in Pakistan , the official said , "  We think it is , but we do n't have it firm ... The truthful answer is , we do n't know . " The State Department said it does not have confirmation of the arrested individuals ' identities or whether they are Americans . The U.S. embassy in Islamabad is seeking further information . If the individuals are Americans , the United States will be seeking consular access , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said . "  If they are American citizens , we are going to be very interested in the charges they have been detained on and the circumstances in which they are being held , " he said . "  That is something we would do anywhere and that is why the embassy is seeking further information . " Under the Geneva Conventions , Pakistan is required to notify the United States about any Americans arrested , Kelly said . The U.S. law enforcement official said none of the five missing men had shown up on law enforcement 's radar before they were reported missing . "  These guys never surfaced with us before . " Authorities believe their intent was to wage jihad overseas rather than with terrorist acts in the United States , the official said , but "  there is still a lot of uncertainty about what they were up to . " A Pakistani official said the men arrived in Karachi on November 30 and went on to Lahore and then Sargodha , where they were arrested Wednesday , the official said . The arrests came at the behest of local police . Preliminary investigations are ongoing , the official said . The Council on American-Islamic Relations said in a statement Wednesday it was assisting in the investigation of "  five Muslim young men from Virginia who left the country recently under mysterious circumstances . " The parents of the missing youths and local Muslim leaders approached the council about the disappearances and the organization "  immediately informed the FBI , " the council said . Council spokesman Ibrahim Hooper said one of the missing youths was a student at Howard University , and all five knew each other . One of the youths left a video behind , Nihad Awad , the council 's executive director , told reporters . "  I was disturbed by the content of it , " he said . One person appeared in it , and made references to "  the ongoing conflict in the world , and that young Muslims have to do something , " Awad said . He said the video "  juxtaposed certain verses of the Quran , " and he suggested there was a misunderstanding of those verses and their potential misuse . The video is about 11 minutes long , he said , and is "  like a farewell . " Awad said it did not specify what the youths would be doing , but he has seen similar videos on the Internet , and "  it just made me uncomfortable . " One source identified the missing Howard student as Ramy Zamzam , who was studying dentistry at the Washington college . No further details were immediately available , and it was not immediately known whether he was among those arrested in Pakistan . The council and the Muslim community realize there is a problem , although it is not widespread , Awad said , and is "  going to launch a major campaign of education to refute the misuse of verses in the Quran , or the misuse of certain grievances in the Muslim world . We believe that we can do a lot to reinstate confidence in young American Muslims , that they have to be fully engaged , as the majority of them are engaged in civic life and in the political process . " He and other Muslim officials cautioned against a rush to judgment against the youths , and praised their families and members of the Muslim community for approaching law enforcement and assisting in the investigation . At the end of November , he said , the youths told their parents they were attending a local conference , but their parents became suspicious when calling their cell phones because they got what sounded like an overseas ring tone . The families then went to the council . "  The main concern was to get them back and figure out what was going on and protect any national security and everybody 's rights , " Hooper said . He said he understood the five left the country in a couple of groups at the end of November . Along with the families and Muslim community leaders , the council said it was working to assist investigators . Imam Johari Abdul-Malik of the Coordinating Council of Muslim Organizations in the Washington area , said that while the five were active in their mosques , "  From all of our interviews , there 's been no sign that they were in any way outwardly radicalized ... there have n't been any reports that there was anything outwardly suspicious in their behavior . " The FBI is aware of the arrests , and is also investigating a report of five people reported missing from the Washington area , said Katherine Schweit , spokeswoman for the agency 's Washington field office . "  We are working with Pakistan authorities to determine their identities and the nature of their business there " -- if the people arrested are the people who are missing , she said . She declined to elaborate , citing an ongoing investigation . U.S. authorities have been wary of Islamic militants recruiting young Muslims from the United States to fight overseas . Prosecutors in Minnesota recently arrested eight Somali-American men on charges related to what they said were efforts to recruit youths from the Minneapolis area to fight for al-Shabaab , a Somali guerrilla movement battling the African country 's U.N.-backed transitional government . At least two young men from Minnesota have been killed in Somalia , including one who blew himself up in what is believed to have been the first suicide bombing carried out by a naturalized U.S. citizen . The matter has "  always been a concern , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday . "  We have been well aware of the threats that we continue to face along with friends and allies around the world ... we know that we have to work more closely with both Afghanistan and Pakistan to try to root out the infrastructure of terrorism that continues to recruit and train people . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : One source identified the missing Howard student as Ramy Zamzam One of 5 left video mentioning "  the ongoing conflict in the world , " viewer says Five are from Virginia and their families had contacted the FBI soon after they went missing State Department does not have confirmation that individuals are Americans
CNN  -- Spanish photographer Javier Espinosa painted a harrowing picture of life inside the shattered center of Syrian resistance in Homs in the days before a full-scale assault by President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . Espinosa , who works for the Spanish daily El Mundo , was one of four journalists who escaped this week from Baba Amr , a neighborhood of about five square miles that was shelled for 26 consecutive days before Syrian forces began an assault . "  It 's an enormous tragedy , " Espinosa told Anderson Cooper during an interview that aired Thursday on CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  And the latest news I have is that it is almost finished because they do n't have any more ways of resisting the advance of the army . " Espinosa escaped Baba Amr on Sunday just days before Syrian forces began an assault on the neighborhood that culminated Thursday with rebels announcing a "  tactical retreat , " saying they were withdrawing to protect the civilians in the neighborhood . The announcement by the opposition came at the same time Syrian forces seized control of the neighborhood . Apparently , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency did not get the message that Espinosa had escaped . Citing a source at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates , it reported Thursday that authorities had discovered the body of Espinosa along with those of Colvin and Ochlik after the Syrian Army "  cleansed Baba Amr from the foreign-backed armed groups of terrorists . " After DNA analysis confirms the identities , the bodies will be handed over to the embassies of Poland , on behalf of the U.S. Embassy , France and Spain , it said . In an interview from Beirut , Espinosa said that the report of his death "  would be a nice joke " if not for the suffering of the people of Baba Amr . Espinosa described a dire humanitarian crisis in Homs , with dwindling food , water and medical supplies . In Baba Amr , the situation was worse . "  They had nothing . They did n't receive  anything  at all , " he said . Espinosa was in the makeshift media center during last week 's shelling by Syrian forces that killed American Marie Colvin of The Sunday Times of London and French photographer Remi Ochlik and wounded French reporter Edith Bouvier of La Monde newspaper . When rockets began striking the media center , Espinosa and the other journalists were told by an opposition activist to get out of the building that was taking direct hits . But when the activist "  heard the sound of an incoming shell , " he tried to turn the journalists back , Espinosa said . Espinosa said he was able to take cover by a wall . "  But Marie and Remi were already outside , and they received the full explosion of the rocket , " he said . Espinosa described the shelling by Syrian forces as "  systematic . " He described a typical day in the neighborhood as one of routine horror : Shelling began at 6 a.m. and continued until 1 p.m. , when the army stopped for precisely one hour . "  They just stop for lunch , " he told CNN . At 2 p.m. , the shelling resumed until 6 p.m. , when it ended until picking up again the following morning , he said . Espinosa escaped to Lebanon with British journalist Paul Conroy , who was also wounded in the shelling attack . Espinosa and Conroy fled Baba Amr along with Bouvier and French photographer William Daniels . But Bouvier and Daniels were forced to turn back after they were targeted by Syrian security forces , according to the opposition group Avaaz , who says its activists helped guide the four out of Syria . A second evacuation attempt on Tuesday moved Daniels and Bouvier to a safer neighborhood in Homs , and then on Wednesday the opposition activists got the two out along with a number of civilians . The French Embassy in Beirut said Bouvier was in stable condition on Friday and expected to be flown to France later in the day .	Javier Espinosa was one of four journalists trapped in Baba Amr Espinosa , who works for Spanish daily El Mundo , escaped this week Espinosa says Syrian report he is dead would be a nice joke , if not for the suffering
Thirty-four years after his friend and songwriting partner John Lennon was shot and killed , Paul McCartney still remembers the jolt of his death . "  I just for days could n't think that he was gone . ... It was just a huge shock , " McCartney told UK talk-show host Jonathan Ross . Lennon was shot to death by Mark David Chapman on December 8 , 1980 , at the entrance to his New York apartment building , the Dakota . He was 40 years old and had just released "  Double Fantasy , " an album with wife Yoko Ono , after five years away from the spotlight . McCartney , who was criticized at the time for his seemingly glib remark , "  It 's a drag , innit ? " when asked for his reaction to the news , remembers being unable to process the loss for quite some time . "  I was at home , and I got a phone call . It was early in the morning . ... It was just so horrific . You could n't take it in , and I could n't take it in , " he said . He had known Lennon since 1957 , when both were teenagers , and thought of them like brothers -- a comparison Lennon agreed with . "  He 's like a brother . I love him , " Lennon said in his last interview . "  Families -- we certainly have our ups and downs and our quarrels . But at the end of the day , when it 's all said and done , I would do anything for him , and I think he would do anything for me . " McCartney takes some comfort in the knowledge that he and Lennon , who had sniped at each other following the Beatles ' split in 1970 , had gotten to be friends again before Lennon 's death . "  I 'm so glad , because it would have been the worst thing in the world to have this great relationship that then soured and he gets killed , so there was some solace in the fact that we got back together . We were good friends , " McCartney said . "  The story about the break-up , it 's true , but it 's not the main bit . The main bit was the affection . "	Paul McCartney on John Lennon 's death : "  It was just a huge shock " Lennon was killed 34 years ago Monday McCartney was glad the pair repaired their friendship before Lennon 's death
CNN  -- After a severe earthquake centered in Pakistan 's Kashmir province killed more than 70,000 people in 2005 , teams from a nonprofit architecture group based in London , England , helped the region start to rebuild . The group , Article 25 , worked with local craftspeople to develop a design that could withstand earthquakes and trained them to build the structures . That experience may provide some lessons for the rebuilding of Haiti , where Article 25 is also planning to help with reconstruction , according to Robin Cross , an architect who is the organization 's director of projects . As in Haiti , at least some of the death and injury in Pakistan stemmed from local building methods . "  The important point is that it is n't generally earthquakes that kill people , " Cross said . "  It 's generally buildings that kill people . Building design is a way to solve that problem . " In Pakistan , Article 25 worked with local craftspeople to determine the best way to build structures that could withstand quakes and then helped train people to build them . "  By the time we built 80 to 100 buildings and we pulled out , we were leaving not just buildings , but also a capacity to build , " Cross said . "  Each building we built there was the site of a training exercise for a team of workers -- concrete workers , carpenters , roofers , plasterers , " said Cross . "  They have obviously been able to take these skills away . In the long run the idea was that we would do ourselves out of a job . " Cross spoke to CNN on January 29 . CNN : What is the role of architects in planning the rebuilding of Haiti , based on your experience in Pakistan ? Robin Cross : At this point , the focus is rightly on relief , and the provision of water , food and medical care , the basic life support system . ... What we wo n't be doing is clogging up that quite strained delivery system with the bricks and mortar of longer-term reconstruction . But there is going to come a point very shortly when minds need to turn to longer-term construction planning , and that 's where architects and engineers have a role to play . Our work in Pakistan began quite soon after the earthquake . But the important factor is that it 's still ongoing , that we need to be there for the long run . ... What we were doing there was working with local NGOs -LSB- non-governmental organizations -RSB- , particularly with Muslim Aid , to identify the most vulnerable members of the community who could most benefit from our architectural and design skills , and could n't afford to buy in their own construction expertise , and would be most marginalized and vulnerable in the future . So we worked with Muslim Aid to develop a series of earthquake-resistant buildings which could then be delivered on a range of different sites . We put people in the field to provide quality assurance , to make sure that the buildings that were built would be earthquake-resistant . After a disaster there 's an enormous demand for reconstruction , a demand for materials , designers , particularly builders -- so they will tend to be drawn very rapidly into high-value commercial work , which could leave less financially strong people without access to building skills . That could lead to them building in a poor and unsafe way , so you get into a very dangerous cycle of vulnerability . By building the capacity of local work teams to build , you enable people to build for themselves and break that cycle of vulnerability . CNN : What kind of buildings did you build ? Cross : We were intent on providing an earthquake-resistant home design . ... The buildings are a lightweight frame construction , which means they are able to flex in the event of an earthquake . We adopted the dhaji dewari technique , an indigenous technique developed out of the materials in that landscape . We adapted it and improved its details to make it more earthquake-resistant . ... CNN : How much do these houses cost ? Cross : Approximately # 4,000 -LSB- about $ 6,300 at current rates -RSB- per house . That compares very well with the equivalent house in concrete block , which would normally be used . It is n't just safer than a concrete-block equivalent but it 's also more economical and it 's quicker to deliver . CNN : What 's it made of ? Cross : It 's made of lightweight timber frame with many cross-facing elements , and the gaps between cross-facing elements are infilled with stones and mud and then rendered over with mud . What that generates is a design which flexes when the earthquake strikes , the energy of the earthquake is dissipated through the many framing elements of the building , and the energy is lost in the friction between the timber and the stone infill . ... A concrete-block building which is n't able to flex is more apt to collapse . ... The other thing that 's worth mentioning is that the buildings have a lightweight roof . In the worst eventuality , if the roof collapses , if it 's lightweight , it 's much less likely to kill people . ... CNN : What similarities are there between the building styles in Pakistan and Haiti ? Cross : I have n't yet been to Haiti , and we 'll be undertaking our first visit as soon as conditions really allow that to happen , which I think will be in February or early March . But what I think we will find is that there will be an equivalent vernacular tradition in Haiti from which we can learn a lot . I 'm sure the problem that we saw in Pakistan is shared in Haiti -- in that concrete buildings have been built poorly , without adequate technical supervision , and have proved very vulnerable to the earthquake . A good architect will never decide at a distance what the right technical approach would be , because it 's always important to understand the location . ... So when we go to Haiti , the first thing we will do will be to carry out participation workshops with the local communities , to carry out a needs assessment but also a skills assessment ... so we design the right buildings , appropriate to the materials available and the skills that are present . CNN : It 's still early , but how do you assess the need in Haiti compared to the need in Pakistan ? Cross : All of the information we have at the moment suggests that the need is even greater in Haiti . In Pakistan , the earthquake did enormous damage , but there was still a strong national government , relatively strong local government and a strong military presence in the Pakistan army with which we could collaborate . In Haiti those institutions were already weak and in many cases have been destroyed by the earthquake . The partnerships which we would look to build with local governments may be much harder . ... There 's likely to be an even greater role for strong strategic planning and long-term thinking from architects . ... I should say that you should never see Haiti as a blank slate . You look at the images , you think the damage is so great , it 's a clean sweep -- but you should never see it as a blank canvas on which to impose a master plan from London or North America . There remains in Haiti a social infrastructure , an economic infrastructure , even in the slum areas there 's an economically vibrant infrastructure . It 's those threads of the community infrastructure that we need to find and build a new Haiti around . So all of our work starts with community participation and is part of empowering the local community and making sure that what we design is compatible with their objectives . ... One of the big problems immediately after this kind of disaster is the lack of long-term investment . The funding for short-term relief is good and is needed , but very often at the point of about a year , that funding just falls off a cliff . That 's what I 'm hoping will be improved on in the Haiti response .	Earthquake centered in Kashmir region of Pakistan killed more than 70,000 in 2005 London-based nonprofit provided architectural help to start rebuilding Robin Cross says lightweight framing was used to build earthquake-resistant houses He says good building design can lessen the toll of an earthquake
For the fifth time this year , ISIS has flaunted its savagery by posting a video about a Westerner 's beheading . This time , it was the family of American hostage Peter Kassig that received the horrific news . But the video that purportedly shows the aftermath of Kassig 's beheading is different from the other videos -- and shows hints of desperation by the terror group , analysts say . Here are some key points about the latest video and what they could indicate about ISIS : The actual killing is n't shown The video , released online Sunday , shows the aftermath of a beheading , but the victim 's decapitated head is not clearly recognizable . The White House confirmed that the video showed Kassig . Kassig , 26 , was a U.S. soldier who served in Iraq in 2007 . He returned to the Middle East as a medical worker , helping victims caught in Syria 's civil war . That 's when ISIS captured him . Kassig converted to Islam in captivity and also went by the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig . The ISIS video does n't show the actual killing , unlike previous videos . But it does show -- in gruesome detail -- the beheadings of what the group claims are pilots for the Syrian government , which is also battling ISIS forces . "  It ca n't be said enough , " said CNN 's Nic Robertson . "  This is the most barbaric they 've done so far . " The production is more basic Unlike the glossy productions of the past , the latest footage appears to be more hastily produced , CNN national security analyst Bob Baer said . "  I think what this tape indicates is these guys are on the run , " said Baer , a former CIA analyst . "  They did n't have time to do a nice setup  with  a lot of production values . I think they know they 're being targeted . There 's a lot of American platforms in the area looking for the hostages , so I think they 're trying to beat those . " And for the first time in such a video , the speaker names the place where he is standing with the victim -- in the town of Dabiq in Aleppo province , Syria . There was no threat of another beheading In each of the previous beheading videos , an ISIS militant shows another Westerner who it says will be next to be killed . And each time , it has followed through on its threat . In the latest video , ISIS did not show images of another Westerner targeted for beheading . But that does n't mean Westerners are spared from more killings , said Haras Rafiq of the anti-extremist think tank Quilliam Foundation . "  As we see the U.S. and the coalition making gains against ISIL , we will find that they try and show that they are still strong , try and show that they are just as barbaric as they have been , and unfortunately one of the things we 'll see is that the videos will become more and more barbaric , " Rafiq said . ISIL is another acronym for ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . "  I think it 's a sign of desperation , " he said . "  I think it 's a sign that they know and feel they are under attack , they 're under siege and they 're struggling . " Yet after almost 900 airstrikes by U.S.-led coalition forces , ISIS is still operating and has shown it is still killing Westerners . "  I think until we really deal with the political problems in that part of the world , the airstrikes will only go so far . " The video could also be directed at Syrians and Iraqis The video is clearly "  a prize piece of propaganda for them , " Robertson said . It is likely also meant to scare Syrians and Iraqis into obeying ISIS ' orders when it comes calling , said retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Joe Ruffini , a counterterrorism expert . "  What ISIS is telling them is , ` When we come in and tell you to do what we tell you , you know what the consequences are if you say no , ' " Ruffini said . But it also comes at a time when the United States and its anti-ISIS allies are claiming their airstrikes and support for ground forces fighting the group are beginning to slowly turn the tide , said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks . "  Clearly there are no coincidences , " Marks told CNN on Sunday . "  This is timed very specifically to those activities by the coalition and , I would say , the results of those activities . " Has ISIS peaked ? Terror group suffers setbacks in Iraq The U.S. says it is making progress Since beginning airstrikes in August , U.S. officials have touted successes in disrupting ISIS communications and logistics , slowing its advances and forcing fighters to disperse into smaller formations . Earlier this month , President Barack Obama said the fight was entering a new phase that would rely heavily on Iraqi ground troops and other local fighters . More recently , U.S. officials have suggested more openness to a role for U.S. ground forces in the fight . Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey testified last week that commanders are "  certainly considering " the prospect that U.S. forces might be needed to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul , currently held by ISIS . In the latest ISIS video , the narrator taunted Obama to do just that . Hostages tortured before beheadings	Analysts say the latest video is aimed partly at local residents Some say the video suggests ISIS is feeling the sting of U.S. and coalition airstrikes Marks : The video 's release was timed to counter coalition claims that it 's make strides against ISIS
CNN  -- Amid international condemnation after security forces reportedly attacked demonstrators at a peaceful rally , reportedly killing nearly 160 people , the Guinean government said Tuesday most of the victims were crushed in the crowd . Police arrest a protester on Monday near a stadium in Guinea 's capital Conakry during a protest . Reports put the death toll at 157 , with more than 1,200 people injured , U.S. State Department Spokesman Ian Kelly said in a statement Tuesday . Earlier , the United Nations , citing media reports , said at least 58 people died Monday when security forces opened fire to disperse a demonstration at a stadium in the capital , Conakry . "  The United States condemns the Guinean military 's brazen and inappropriate use of force against civilians , " Kelly said . "  The military also stands accused of carrying out brutal rapes and sexual assaults on women demonstrators and bystanders during its rampage . " On Tuesday , the African Union expressed its "  grave concern " about the situation . "  The -LSB- AU -RSB- Commission strongly condemns the indiscriminate firing on unarmed civilians , which left dozens dead and many others injured , while serious other violations of human rights were committed , " the AU stated . Tens of thousands of people were protesting the rule of Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara , who seized power in a bloodless coup in December , according to U.S.-based Human Rights Watch . The United States demanded the immediate release of opposition leaders and a return to civilian rule , the State Department statement said . Human Rights Watch also condemned the violence against "  generally peaceful demonstrators " and urged the government "  to hold accountable the security forces . " It quoted victims and witnesses who said security forces sexually assaulted women at the demonstration and also attacked demonstrators with knives and bayonets . "  Women were raped by soldiers in the stadium . I saw them , " former Guinean Prime Minister Sidya Tour told the French newspaper Le Monde . Tour led the country from 1996-1999 and was participating in the peaceful demonstration . The government maintained in a statement that "  according to preliminary investigations , most of the innocent victims died as a result of being crushed in the crowd . " And it blamed "  certain political leaders " for staging the demonstration despite being asked not to do so and warned that security could not be guaranteed for the gathering . The leaders stormed the stadium , "  breaking down doors and the main entryways , causing much violence that left dozens of victims , including 53 who died by suffocation and four killed by ricocheting bullets , which were recorded that day by authorities working with the Guinean Red Cross and verified by hospital officials , " the government said . It accused the leaders of looting two police commissaries before the demonstrations , letting prisoners out of jail and stealing weapons . The government said it condemns "  these deliberate acts in violation of the law , and are working to find and bring to justice those responsible for these reprehensible acts . " The AU noted the violence comes amid serious uncertainties and setbacks in the effort to restore constitutional order to Guinea after the December coup . The AU urged the coup leaders to stick to their vow not to run for office in the January presidential election . The European Union 's foreign policy chief Javier Solana , also condemned the actions of security forces in Conakry on Monday . Solana called "  for the immediate release of the arrested political leaders " and asked authorities to "  exercise maximum restraint and ensure a peaceful and democratic transition . " Guinea was thrown into turmoil in December after the death of President Lansana Conte . He was one of only two presidents to rule Guinea , after it gained independence from France in 1958 . Conte came to power in 1984 , when the military seized control of the government after the death of the first president , Sekou Tour . Following his death , Camara seized control in a bloodless military coup and declared himself president of the National Council for Democracy , which he called a transitional body that would oversee the country 's return to democracy .	NEW : Guinean government says most victims were crushed in the crowd United Nations , citing media reports , said at least 58 people died African Union expressed its "  grave concern " about the situation
Baghdad  CNN  -- The longstanding bad blood between Sunnis and Shiites in Iraq boiled Monday amid another round of attacks : the killing of 25 people and wounding of dozens more in five car bombings . Four of the blasts occurred in the Shiite heartland in the southern region of Iraq . Two car bombs exploded near a busy outdoor market in Amara , killing 13 people and wounding 24 others . A bomb went off near an outdoor market in Diwaniya , killing six people and wounding 20 others . And two people died and 11 others were wounded in a bombing at a commercial area in Karbala . Another blast occurred in Mahmoudiya , a predominantly Sunni area just south of Baghdad . Four people were killed and 14 others were wounded in that attack . Iraq pulls plug on ` misleading ' TV networks No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks , nor was it clear whether they were related . But the fighting has prompted fears among Iraqi leaders and international powers that the tensions between Sunnis and Shiites could escalate and bring a return of the full-blown sectarian war that raged last decade . Since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's government last decade , Sunni Arabs have been politically marginalized and Shiites , who represent a majority of Iraqis , have emerged with more power . There have been protests for months by Sunni Arabs against the Shiite-led government and its prime minister , Nuri al-Maliki . The anger has escalated since a confrontation last week between police and protesters in Hawija . The International Crisis Group last week said that the "  failure to integrate Sunni Arabs into a genuinely representative political system in Baghdad risks turning Iraq 's domestic crisis into a broader regional struggle . " "  The most urgent task today is to tamp down the flames , and the burden for this lies above all with the government , " the Belgium-based think tank said in a report . "  The country is at a crossroads , " said Martin Kobler , U.N. special representative in Iraq .	Four of the five blasts occurred in the Shiite heartland in the southern region of Iraq Another was in Mahmoudiya , a predominantly Sunni area just south of Baghdad No one immediately claims responsibility Iraq has seen an uptick in violence in recent months
CNN  -- A cold case detective working to identify eight bodies found in John Wayne Gacy 's home in 1978 developed a new way to find other possible victims of Chicago 's most notorious serial killer . Gacy , who worked as a contractor and part-time party clown , lured his male victims with promises of construction jobs , drugs , alcohol or money for sex , or by posing as a police officer . He was convicted in 1980 of killing 33 men and boys in the Chicago area between 1972 and 1978 , but investigators always suspected he had more victims than the 28 found in the space beneath his house and in a nearby river . His DNA was never added to the FBI 's national DNA database -- officially called the Combined DNA Index System or CODIS -- because it did n't exist when he was put to death in 1994 . Illinois law did not provide for the DNA of convicted killers not in prison after it was enacted in 2002 to be added . But Cook County , Illinois , sheriff 's detective Jason Moran , who discovered vials of Gacy 's blood in the cold case file a year ago , also found a legal loophole that allowed Gacy 's DNA and that of others to be entered into the database . Man believed to be Gacy victim found alive Sheriff Tom Dart hopes the new approach will give investigators around the United States another tool to solve their cold cases . "  This has the potential to help bring closure to victims ' families who have gone so long without knowing what happened to their loved ones , " Dart said . Moran learned that when the state executes an inmate , the coroner lists the manner of death as homicide . The law allows for the DNA of homicide victims to be added to the database , the sheriff said . "  After review , the Illinois State Police Crime Lab deemed this interpretation acceptable and Gacy 's DNA profile was to be obtained and entered in CODIS , " a news release from the sheriff said . The DNA of two other executed Illinois killers -- Walter Stewart and Durlyn Eddmonds -- have also been added , according to Will County Coroner Patrick O'Neill . The DNA may not have qualified if these men had died of natural causes while waiting on death row , he said . Computers have reported no matches yet for Gacy , O'Neill said . But Moran 's cold case work did lead to one of the eight unidentified bodies being identified a year ago . DNA comparisons on the exhumed body of "  victim No. 19 " positively identified him as William George Bundy , who was reported missing in October 1976 . Illinois IDs Gacy victim after 3 decades	A legal loophole allows DNA of executed killers to be added to the FBI database An Illinois detective hopes DNA will reveal additional John Wayne Gacy victims Gacy was convicted in 1980 of killing 33 men and boys in the Chicago area He was executed in 1994 , before the national DNA database was created
CNN  -- When two-time winner Alberto Contador was forced to quit the Tour de France after a painful crash the outlook looked bleak for the Tinkoff-Saxo team but since his departure a new star has emerged in Polish rider Rafal Majka . The 24-year-old was a last-minute inclusion in its squad for the Tour , but has seized his opportunity with both hands , claiming his second stage win Wednesday and the second in a row for Tinkoff-Saxo . Like teammate Michael Rogers the day before , Majka proved the strongest of a breakaway group on the short but punishing 124.5 km stage from Saint-Gaudens to Pla d'Adet . The points he gained on the climbs and at the finish saw him stretch his lead in the battle for the polka dot jersey of the King of the Mountains winner . Majka is one of a number of young riders making a big impression in the 2014 Tour , but it is still being led by Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali , who finished third on stage 17 , pulling away from his nearest rivals on the final climb . Only France 's Jean-Christophe Peraud was able to hold his wheel to improve his chances of finishing on the podium in Paris Sunday , holding fourth spot , but only eight seconds adrift of compatriot Thibaut Pinot . Nibali has extended his advantage to five minutes 26 seconds over Movistar 's Alejandro Valverde with one further tough stage in the Pyrenees to come ahead of Saturday 's individual time trial . With Contador and defending champion Chris Froome sidelined by earlier crashes , the Astana star has dominated the race and looked untroubled again on the penultimate stage in the mountains . Majka , who finished sixth in this year 's Giro D'Italia , first made his mark on the Tour in the Alps , winning at the Risoul ski station last Saturday in fine style , a major boost for his team after the loss of Contador to a broken shin on Bastille Day , July 4 . "  Our team had bad luck in stage 10 , but after that Bjarne  Rjiis  said that we needed to fight for a stage victory , " he told the official Tour de France website . "  We did n't win one but three stages , and now with the polka dot jersey , I feel good . But there 's still one hard stage to go , I will fight more because this jersey is really important for the team . " Thursday will see Nibali and the rest of the peloton tackle the feared climbs of the Tourmalet and Hautacam on a 145.5 km leg from Pau .	Rafal Majka wins 17th stage of Tour de France Second stage win of this year 's race for young Pole Cements lead in King of the Mountains competition Vincenzo Nibali extends lead in battle for yellow jersey
CNN  -- A TV series ' 100th episode signifies success and , in most cases , a profitable afterlife in syndication . Shows like "  Seinfeld " and "  Friends " coasted past their centenary episodes , leaving fans wanting more . But it 's not just ratings juggernauts that reach the milestone . Sometimes networks and viewers just do n't know when to let go . "  Gossip Girl 's " climactic 100th episode aired on Monday , reminding dedicated fans why they 've held on for so long , and , by the same token , alerting former viewers of the show 's protracted life . "  They can trot out a cake with 100 candles on it , but let 's be honest ,  ` Gossip Girl 's '  ratings have been terrible for years , " said Matt Whitfield , the features editor at Yahoo . The CW drama has n't attracted more than 1.5 million viewers during its Monday night timeslot since the fifth season kicked off in September . During its first season , which premiered in 2007 , episodes of "  Gossip Girl " routinely garnered more than 2 million viewers -- a feat for the younger-skewing network . And despite disappointing ratings , "  Gossip Girl " executive producer Stephanie Savage told The Hollywood Reporter that they 're not writing a series finale anytime soon . "  The actors ' contracts expire at the end of next season , so that feels like probably an organic ending point , " Savage said . If budding movie stars Blake Lively and Leighton Meester ca n't deliver ratings , there 's a problem , Whitfield said . Perhaps it 's because the series , based on Cecily von Ziegesar 's novels of the same name , is n't playing hard to get . "  Gossip Girl " does n't need 24 episodes each season , Whitfield said . Networks can learn from the model employed by HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " and AMC 's "  The Walking Dead , " he added . They need to minimize the number of episodes airing each season . "  Some shows only need to last three seasons , " he said . "  And some shows only need to have 10 episodes per season . Users can handle that , but the networks ca n't . " The show 's creator , Josh Schwartz , has taken heat for this in the past . His Fox drama "  The O.C. " lasted four seasons -- just short of the 100-episode mark -- before getting canceled in 2007 . Many viewers have argued that "  The O.C. 's " jumping point occurred when Mischa Barton 's character was killed off at the end of season 3 . Of course , it 's easy for a high quality show that 's won a ton of awards , like "  The Sopranos , " to go out on top , Whitfield said , adding , "  Other shows on network TV will try and wring out every dollar ... they possibly can . It 's always happened that way . " Take , for example , ABC 's "  Desperate Housewives " and "  House " on Fox , he said . At one point , both shows dominated ratings and awards shows . Now , with both programs currently in the midst of their eighth seasons , viewership has greatly diminished . After hitting a ratings rough patch last season , ABC 's "  Grey 's Anatomy , " on the other hand , is currently experiencing a resurgence in its eighth season . Many primetime soaps experience hills and valleys , Whitfield said . Unfortunately for "  Gossip Girl , " the next hill might be out of reach . "  To wait five seasons before marrying Blair off and announcing who Gossip Girl is , you 've missed the boat , " he said . "  They were starting to throw in these gimmicks too late in the game . " But The CW , Schwartz and Savage have another trick up their sleeves . They 're working to bring "  Sex and the City " prequel "  The Carrie Diaries " to the small screen . Whitfield says only the really great shows will make it to syndication and last there . "  Will and Grace " and "  Law and Order : Special Victims Unit , " he said , "  will forever be in syndication because people still tune into them . " A show like "  Gossip Girl , " he added -- not so much . "  There are too many options on TV . ... And with people flipping around the Internet ... Ratings have been dropping across the board , " he said . "  There are shiny , bright new things out there to try . "	"  Seinfeld " and "  Friends " coasted past 100 episodes , leaving fans wanting more "  Gossip Girl 's " 100th episode aired on Monday , attracting about 1.4 million viewers Source : If budding stars Lively and Meester ca n't deliver ratings , there 's a problem
CNN  -- Bayer Leverkusen moved within eight points of German Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund after a 2-0 victory over Hannover . First half goals from Arturo Vidal and Simon Rolfes settled the outcome and saw Leverkusen go five points clear of Hannover who sit third . But Dortmund can extend the gap at the top to 11 points if they win at Wolfsburg on Saturday . The home side nearly fell behind inside two minutes when Norwegian striker Mohamed Abdellaoui was denied by Leverkusen keeper Rene Adler . But after that early scare Leverkusen took control of the match and Vidal put them in front on 21 minutes . The Chilean midfielder pounced on a loose ball on the edge of the penalty area after Hannover failed to clear from Stefan Kiessling 's blocked shot and his volley flew into the net . German international and former Chelsea midfielder Michael Ballack should have doubled Leverkusen 's advantage moments later but he headed wide of the target . Adler was called upon to preserve the home side 's lead after a rare breakaway from Hannover as Lars Stindi capitalized on former Liverpool defender Sami Hyypia 's mistake but his shot was right at the keeper . But just before the interval Rolfes made it 2-0 . He collected Gonzalo Castro 's pass and curled his effort into the net . Hannover piled on the pressure in the second half but could n't cut the deficit .	Bayer Leverkusen beat Hannover 2-0 in the German Bundesliga Goals from Arturo Vidal and Simon Rolfes cut the gap on leaders Dortmund to eight points Leverkusen move five points clear of Hannover who stay third
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Move over Susan Boyle . A week after the Scottish woman became a global sensation following a barnstorming audition on "  Britain 's Got Talent , " a 12-year-old Welsh boy with a Motown voice has been hailed for his "  life-changing " performance on the TV show after earning a standing ovation from Simon Cowell . Jafargholi impressed the "  Britain 's Got Talent " judges with a rendition of "  Who 's Loving You . " Shaheen Jafargholi 's prospects looked bleak when the infamously hard to impress Cowell brought the audition to an abrupt halt just one verse into his rendition of "  Valerie , " the Zutons ' song covered by Amy Winehouse . "  You 've got this really wrong , " Cowell told him . "  What do you sing apart from that ? " Jafargholi instead offered to perform "  Who 's Loving You , " written by Smokey Robinson and performed by a young Michael Jackson with the Jackson Five , bringing screams of delight from the audience as he launched into a note-perfect rendition that brought a beaming Cowell and fellow judges Piers Morgan and Amanda Holden to their feet . "  This is how one song can change your life , " Cowell told him . "  This may be the start of something special for you young man . " Watch Shaheen Jafargholi perform on "  Britain 's Got Talent " " Writing in his blog for the show , Morgan said Jafargholi had been the stand-out act of the show and tipped him as a possible challenger to Boyle for the TV talent show 's # 100,000  $ 146,000  prize . "  Once Simon got him to sing the right kind of song for his voice , he was sensational . Like a young Stevie Wonder , " Morgan said . In an interview for the show , Jafargholi said he had been singing since he was two years old . "  When I was a bit older my mum got me some singing lessons and my voice just got bigger and bigger , " he said . "  Hopefully this is going to be my big break . " Last week 's performance by Boyle , the 47-year-old with a Broadway voice who claimed to have never been kissed , brought the show global attention , with her version of the Les Miserables ' tune "  I Dreamed a Dream " gaining more than 32 million hits on YouTube as well as earning her a string of U.S. media appearances , including on CNN 's Larry King Live . Jafargholi has some way to go to match Boyle 's success . By Monday morning a YouTube link to his performance had been watched just 330,000 times . Who do you prefer ? Susan Boyle or Shaheen Jafargholi ? Sound Off below	12-year-old Welsh boy shines on "  Britain 's Got Talent " with Motown voice Shaheen Jafargholi earned standing ovation from judge Simon Cowell Cowell had earlier halted Jafargholi 's audition and got him to change songs Show has become a global hit following Susan Boyle 's performance last week
CNN  -- For four days , an American sea captain and four Somali pirates rode the waves of the Indian Ocean in an enclosed lifeboat , far out of sight of most of the world . Capt. Richard Phillips , right , stands with U.S. Navy Cmdr. Frank Castellano after Phillips ' rescue Sunday . But for those four days , they were on the minds of people around the globe , from the captain 's hometown in Vermont , to the White House , to port cities and anywhere that families send their loved ones off to sea . "  I actually was more concerned for his family , " said Adm. Rick Gurnon , head of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , where Capt. Richard Phillips had trained . "  I was pretty sure he would be OK , " Gurnon said of Phillips , adding , "  as a captain at sea , in a lifeboat , he was in an environment he was comfortable with even if he was sharing it with four armed Somali pirates . "  I was more worried for his family . They 've been going through hell since Wednesday . This is truly a joyous day for them . " Watch Gurnon praise Phillips ' courage , professionalism " The waiting ended Sunday with news that U.S. Navy snipers had shot and killed three of Phillips ' captors , with the fourth pirate in custody onboard the nearby USS Bainbridge , and that Phillips had been rescued uninjured . The expressions of relief and praise flowed . Watch how SEALs took down pirates " "  I share the country 's admiration for the bravery of Capt. Phillips and his selfless concern for his crew , " President Obama said . "  His courage is a model for all Americans . " Phillips offered himself as a hostage after the pirates stormed the U.S.-flagged cargo ship Maersk Alabama on Wednesday morning , according to Maersk Line Limited , which owns the ship . The pirates eventually left the Alabama with Phillips that day aboard the lifeboat , where they would stay for four days . In Phillips ' hometown of Underhill , Vermont , Maersk spokeswoman Alison McColl said Phillips ' wife , Andrea , had spoken to her husband by phone after his rescue . "  She was laughing while she was on the phone with him , " McColl told reporters . "  She was saying his trademark sense of humor was still very much intact , and he 's in great spirits . If you guys could have seen her light up when she talked to him , it was really remarkable . " McColl said Andrea Phillips and her family "  have felt a tremendous amount of support from the entire nation . " Watch statement from Andrea Phillips " "  The thoughts , the prayers , the sentiments , the support you 've shown has really helped them endure this very difficult situation , " McColl said . Still speaking for the captain 's wife , McColl added : "  She believes she can feel it , and she believes that her husband felt it out there in the middle of the ocean . So thanks to the entire nation , the local community , the state of Vermont , for all your help there . " Phillips was being praised for his apparent willingness to put his own life in jeopardy to secure the release of his crew and his ship . But Gurnon , who described the captain as "  the good shepherd who willingly exchanged his life for the lives of his flock , " cautioned that the end of one hostage situation should not be taken as the end of the growing problem of piracy , especially with scores of other lives in peril from pirates who are holding ships and crews off the expansive Somali coast . "  While this is a great day for Massachusetts Maritime Academy and for all of our alumni and all mariners around the world , we still have more than 200 men and women held hostage in Somalia , " Gurnon said . "  We should not let the spotlights , the TV cameras , the focus of the world be removed from that problem , " he said .	Captain 's family had been "  going through hell , " head of maritime academy says Capt. Richard Phillips , rescued from pirates Sunday , had been trained at academy "  I was pretty sure he would be OK , " academy leader says Wife talked to , laughed with Phillips on phone after rescue , spokeswoman says
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Holding the Olympic medal she and her mom always wanted , Joannie Rochette finally smiled and talked about when she was a young skater and desperately wanted to make her mother proud . Her mom , Therese , was her biggest supporter and sometimes her biggest critic , she said . She was n't the best "  coach , " and she was kind of picky , but she had such a good eye , Rochette said . She was always encouraging , too , even when she was finding fault . "  And even though she 's not here anymore , I 'm not afraid to say it , sometimes she was a pain in the ass , " Rochette said laughing , probably for the first time in days . Rochette made her mom very proud Thursday night , winning a bronze medal in the women 's figure skating final , just four days after Therese Rochette died of a heart attack . Without her mother to support her , Joannie Rochette skated into Canada 's collective heart by relying on all those years of training , all those years of committing jumps and spins to muscle memory . And when she needed it most , she relied on the memory of how her mom would always convince her that she was going to be on the Olympic medals podium . "  It feels good for me to talk about her , " she said , joyfully recounting the many times her mom took her to practice and stay when the other moms left . She laughed when she told how her mom would assess a school test score of 98 with a "  What about those other two points ? " "  She was my biggest fan , my best friend . She was with me every step of the way , " she said . When things were n't going so well in the first week Rochette was here for Olympics training , she called her mom , seeking her advice on what to do about her triple Lutz . Her mom assured her it would be all right , that she just needed to visualize doing it well in her head , that this was something she had done for years . But doing what she did this week was something no person can ever be prepared for . To compete in the spotlight of the Olympics ' marquee event , in front of an expectant and hopeful home crowd , with the heartache of her mother 's death so present would take strength most of us can not imagine . But the people closest to her knew she had that strength . Her coach , Manon Perron , said there was never any doubt that Rochette would skate and never a doubt that she would n't be standing on the medals podium . "  Never ... because she was so ready and the goal was so strong , " Perron said , just like a proud mom . "  I 've been with her since she was 12 so we just have to look into each other 's eyes and we know right away . It was really hard on her because her mom was the biggest thing in her life , but she 's not a quitter . " Rochette said she struggled more than she showed during Tuesday night 's short program that captivated the skating world . When she stepped on the ice , her legs were shaking , she said . With mom in ` heart and soul , ' Rochette goes for medal "  I do n't know how I ever got through this whole program . I 'm sure my mom was there with me , " she said . Rochette was third after the short program -- 7.14 points behind Kim Yu-Na of South Korea and 2.42 points behind Mao Asada of Japan -- who skated just before her . The free skate scores are weighted more and account for roughly two-thirds of a skater 's total . Kim made it impossible for Rochette to dream of gold with an amazing free skate that was the best ever under the 6-year-old scoring system -- 150.06 . The score was so high it would have beaten seven skaters ' combined marks on its own . Her total of 228.56 is also a record . Asada then put up a 131.72 , virtually clinching silver . Rochette came on the ice , looking determined , to the hockey-like cheers of the 14,000 at Pacific Coliseum . She needed a perfect skate for silver but on a triple flip , she stumbled and her chance for second place slipped away . Later in the program she had a bit of a shaky landing after another jump , but she stayed on her feet . After she finished she blew a kiss into the air , and came to the waiting area where she , in French , covered her heart with her right hand and spoke to her mother . Joannie Rochette opted to stay in the games , and two days later stirred a crowd with a courageous performance . "  Her mother is inside her heart and soul , so she 'll be there for her , " her agent Dave Baden told CNN on Wednesday , "  and -LSB- Joannie -RSB- will draw from that strength . " Therese Rochette herself wrote of the bond she had with her daughter in an e-mail interview with The Christian Science Monitor in January . She said that she was the first person her daughter called whenever a problem occurred , though Joannie did n't need a great amount of support , the Monitor reported this week . "  The hurdles she faces motivate her to rise above them , " Therese Rochette wrote to the Monitor . "  Joannie has always been naturally determined and persevering . " Joannie Rochette rose through the ranks of Canadian skaters , winning junior national titles before winning six straight senior national championships from 2005 to 2010 . In 2006 , she placed fifth at the Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy , and last year she finished second at the World Figure Skating Championships in Los Angeles , California . Liz Manley was the last skater to medal for Canada , earning silver at the 1988 Calgary Games .	Joannie Rochette earns bronze medal in women 's figure skating She skated four days after mother had heart attack and died "  It feels good for me to talk about her , " Rochette says of her mother Kim Yu-Na of South Korea won the gold medal with best free skate score ever
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- When we started thinking about the contents of this piece , our first thought was to highlight all of the progress , accomplishments and successes that the St. Bernard Project has achieved since Katrina . We thought of numbers : 302 -- the number of homes that the St. Bernard Project has rebuilt ; 85 -- the number of residents who utilize our free evidenced-based clinical services at our Center for Wellness and Mental Health each week . We thought of all of those who have made it possible : 25,000 volunteers ; nearly 1,000 AmeriCorps members ; companies like Entergy , Patron Tequila , KPMG , GE and United Way , and citizens like Ari Mittleman , who has made 20 volunteer trips over the past four years , and the Solon family from Massachusetts , who has raised enough funds to move three families home and who spent the summer volunteering with the project . Then , we remembered Mr. Andre , an 82-year old St. Bernard Parish resident who was a World War II veteran and who , when we met him six months after Katrina was still sleeping each night in his Ford Ranger pickup while waiting for a FEMA trailer that he would not receive for another six weeks . As we were saying goodbye to Mr. Andre , he made a simple request : "  Do n't forget us . We want to come home . We all want to come home . " When we thought about Mr. Andre , we realized a few things : First , the St. Bernard Project 's successes are dwarfed by the progress that the greater New Orleans area has made . Second , despite the progress , significant work is left . The New Orleans area is a wonderful place to live , and the city is , in many ways , thriving . Families are reuniting , neighborhoods are being restored , and there is a shared sense of pride in the region 's resilience . In Mayor Mitch Landrieu , we have a leader who is committed to uniting the city and bringing to government the true character of New Orleans ' residents : inclusion , hard work and problem solving . An entrepreneurial movement is surging through the city , led by GNO Inc. , Tulane University and Idea Village . Thanks to New Schools for New Orleans , there are dozens of highly effective charter schools , like Akili Academy , and because of a revitalized public school board , the chances are much better that children will receive the education that they deserve . Nearly five years after Katrina , we need to celebrate success , but we also need to honor Mr. Andre 's request . We can not forget the people who are not yet home . All of the above-mentioned successes are great , but they mean less to American families who are still waiting to move home . Today , nearly 900 families who own homes are still living in FEMA trailers . More than 6,000 families own homes that they can not afford to rebuild . Rental prices have risen so that 49 percent of the population can not afford the average cost of a home to rent . All too many family-centered neighborhoods now are pocked with blighted houses or vacant lots . As much as we would all like it to be , the recovery is not complete . That is where Saints quarterback Drew Breese and his war cry come in . To keep our pledge to Mr. Andre , all stakeholders -- Louisiana citizens , volunteers from around the world , corporations and local , state and federal government -- need to follow the command Breese made to his fellow Saints late last football season and "  finish strong . " In football , finishing strong means playing hard through all four quarters and through every game of the season . In Louisiana 's recovery , finishing strong means :  Governmental leadership that makes decisions that impact residents in ways that the leaders would want their own families to be impacted .  Creating schools so that our community members ' children are educated the way that we would want our children to be educated .  Americans and corporations not viewing community as being limited by proximity and instead , like the hundreds of thousands of volunteers , working hard to help American families rebuild their homes .  Understanding that the recovery is not complete until all residents are back in safe and humane homes . By following Breese 's command , the Saints won the Super Bowl . By remembering Mr. Andre 's words and by listening to Breese , we can win the recovery . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the co-authors .	Liz McCartney was 2008 CNN Hero of the Year for her work in New Orleans She and co-founder of her nonprofit say much has been accomplished in five years Still , they say , many families lack acceptable housing New Orleans needs to "  finish strong " the way the Saints did in the NFL , co-authors say
CNN  -- My eyes stung , I was coughing , my nose was running . Along with cameraman David Hawley and freelance producer Kareem Khadder , I had just been tear-gassed -- not for the first time last Friday -- during a day-long clash between Palestinian kids and Israeli soldiers in the West Bank town of Na'alin , on the West Bank . An Israeli soldier confronts Palestinian protesters during a demonstration Friday in the West Bank village of Jayyus . We had gone there to gauge the Palestinian view of Tuesday 's Israeli elections . Na'alin , and many other towns and villages like it in the West Bank , are in the forefront of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . Here , it all comes down to the most basic element in the century-old conflict : control of the land . Na'alin is an old town , with factories and workshops , surrounded by olive groves . But in recent years neighboring Israeli settlements , built since the June 1967 war , have increasingly encroached on Na'alin 's farmland , and Israel , on grounds of security , has built its security barrier around the town . As a result , Na'alin residents say they have lost access to much of their land , their water sources , in short their livelihood . Beginning two years ago , every Friday they hold protests against Israel 's settlement expansion and barrier building . Most Na'alin residents are not ideological hotheads ; before the outbreak of the second Palestinian intifada , or uprising , in September 2000 , many worked in Israel . Most are still fluent in Hebrew and do business with Israelis looking for a good deal on car repairs and other services . For that reason I thought Na'alin would be a good place to see what Palestinians were thinking . What I heard was universal pessimism . No one I spoke with expressed the slightest hope that any of the leading candidates -- Likud 's Benjamin Netanyahu , Kadima 's Tzipi Livni , Israel Beitenu 's Avigdor Lieberman and Labour 's Ehud Barak -- would do anything to remove the settlements that are slowly closing in on Na'alin . As we sheltered from the tear gas behind a house , Na'alin resident Hani Khawaja told me , "  I do n't expect anything to come out of the elections that will please the Palestinians . Just killings , expulsions and land confiscations . " Another man , Ayub Srour , had a slightly different approach . He prefers Israeli leaders to be honest about their intentions , and not raise hopes only to dash them later . He wants Likud leader and long-time hardliner Benjamin Netanyahu to win . "  At least he 's honest . He says he 'll expel us , and he will expel us . He says he 's slaughter us , and he will slaughter us . " I 've covered almost every Israeli election since 1996 . With each election , the Palestinian feeling of despair and hopelessness only deepens . Since the last election in the spring of 2006 , Palestinians have seen Israel and Hezbollah go to war , West Bank settlements continue to expand , Hamas and Fatah fight it out in Gaza with Hamas taking control in June 2007 . They 've also seen a series of Israeli incursions into Gaza , culminating recently in the 22-day Israeli offensive that left large parts of the strip in ruins . Meanwhile many Palestinians say their leadership -- often described as moderate and pro-western -- in Ramallah is incapable of reversing the trend of settlement expansion . The same leadership has been unable to convince Israel to remove few of the hundreds of roadblocks and checkpoints that make travelling around the West Bank a test of patience and endurance . In short , when Palestinians look back over the last 15 years since the Oslo Accords were signed , they 've seen their lot only go from bad to worse . As a result , more and more Palestinians are convinced the only way to beat the Israelis is to join them , to discard failed attempts at creating a Palestinian state in an ever smaller , ever more economically unviable territory , and go for what is known as the one-state solution . That would mean Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza relinquishing their dream of an independent Palestinian state , and instead insisting on equal rights in the territory between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean , an area that is , for all intents and purposes , under Israel 's control anyway . The one-state solution is an anathema to many Israelis , who are well aware that , with their higher birth-rate , Palestinians  those living within Israel proper , plus Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza  could well become a majority within a generation . Israelis increasingly worry the national struggle between Israel and the Palestinians will be transformed into an internal struggle , for equal rights for all those living within historic Palestine . Those fears prompted Israel 's current caretaker prime minister , Ehud Olmert , to warn as far back as November 2007 that if Israel does n't move quickly to achieve a two-state solution , it will be in a position not unlike South Africa during the apartheid area , whereby a minority -- in this case Israeli Jews -- rules over a restive majority -- the Palestinians -- by means of force , repression and discriminatory laws . Many Palestinians argue that is already the case , citing Israeli restrictions on movement , residence , and work . The bedrock of Israeli antipathy toward the Palestinians is part of the reason for the growing strength of the Israel Beiteinu  Israel is Our Home  Party , led by Avigdor Leiberman . He argues that Israel 's Palestinian minority  they make up about 20 percent of the population  as a potential fifth column working against the aims of the Jewish majority . Leiberman has focused much of his fire on Palestinian Knesset members such as Ahmed Tibi , accusing him and others of sympathising with Israel 's enemies , Hamas and Hizballah . His solution is to compel all of Knesset members -- and possibly all Israeli citizens -- to take an oath of loyalty to the state . Another of Leiberman 's proposals is to redraw Israel 's boundaries to exclude as many of its Palestinians as possible . Tibi responds that Leiberman 's growing clout is symptomatic of "  an obvious fascist phenomena invading Israeli society . During the last years , racism became mainstream . " Back in the town of Na'alin , the kids throwing stones at Israeli troops do have some odd companions . Young Israelis , some of them self-described anarchists , also take part in the protests . They do n't throw stones , but they do offer useful advice . "  Laththam ! Laththam ! " one Israeli with black tattoos on his arms tells a young boy , no older than 12 , hurling rocks with a home-made sling . "  Laththam " is Arabic for "  cover your face , " the advice imparted because if Israeli troops can identify stone throwers , they arrest them . There still is cooperation of sorts between Palestinians and Israelis , but it 's an increasingly rare commodity . And this election probably wo n't do anything to bridge the growing gap between the two -- the curious friendship in Na'alin notwithstanding .	CNN correspondent finds moods of universal pessimism in West Bank town Israel votes Tuesday after election campaign dominated by the country 's right More and more Palestinians see "  one-state solution " as only way forward Israelis oppose one-state solution for fear Palestinians would be majority
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- Off track , Tasneem Howa is a rather introverted young woman who works as a photographer in Cape Town . On track , however , she pulls on black tights and slips into roller skates to transform into "  TazMEANian Devil " -- a hard-hitting , sharp-moving diva on wheels . "  When I put on skates , it 's a rush , " she says . "  You get that , it 's like freedom . You 're skating and feeling the air ; it 's awesome . " "  TazMEANian Devil " is a proud member of the Rev ` ettes , one of the three roller derby teams that take part in the women-only Cape Town Rollergirls league . Just like many of her teammates , she took up the sport after seeing the 2009 film "  Whip It , " starring and directed by Drew Barrymore . Read this : Boxing gives teens hope in crime hotspot "  I watched the movie ` Whip It ' -- I thought it was chicks bashing each other , getting all bloody , but it 's a bit calmer than that , " says "  TazMEANian Devil . " Quirky outfits Fast-paced and full-contact , roller derby involves endurance , teamwork and crashes -- all on wheels . As much a bump-and-bruise sport as a lifestyle , derby 's alternative edge is on full-on display on the rink . Roller girls typically don colorful skates , protective pads and quirky outfits as they race on a flat oval track , body checking each other to impede opponents from earning points for their team . "  You can be dainty but need to be slightly aggressive at the same time , " says Ming-Cheau Lin , a.k.a "  Wolverming , " who plays for Cape Town 's Storm Riders . In line with the hard-hitting sport 's tradition , players also adopt certain monikers chosen to reflect their on-track alter ego . "  One of the most important things about roller derby is your derby name , " explains Shawn Graaff , who founded Cape Town Rollergirls in 2010 . "  I know it seems kitsch and silly but it 's something people get excited about and historically people had derby names because they did n't want to participate in such an aggressive spectacle sport and compromise their professional career . " What is roller derby ? Roller derby is a sport that requires strategy , team spirit and lots of body checking . A derby match , called a bout , is played by two teams consisting of jammers , who are the point scorers , and blockers , the team 's line of defense . The goal is for the jammers to get past the other team 's blockers and then lap them . Once the jammer has done so , the team gets a point for every skater she passes . Read this : Maasai cricket warriors -- "  Bowling is like throwing a spear " Along the way , the action is rough and rowdy . "  It 's not Miami beach skating ! " says Nadine Brits , or "  Doll Vuis , " who is a jammer for the Rev ` ettes . "  Full impact -- we 're tough ; we 've got our team 's points on the line so we 're fighting for that . " Comeback Roller derby first took off as a competitive sport in the United States in the 1930s but later evolved into a TV spectacle sport , much like WWE . Its popularity decreased in the 1980s but an all-women league in Texas helped re-invent the sport in the early 2000s , this time with a bigger emphasis on athleticism . Drew Barrymore 's "  Whip It " gave the sport attention around the world , including in South Africa , where its popularity has been growing steadily . The Cape Town Rollergirls league is made up of three teams -- the Rev ` ettes , the Storm Riders and the Iron Meisies -- boasting a variety of female players , from working mothers and students to locals and ex-pats . Men are only involved in a coaching or refereeing capacity . Graaff says the sport is helping break stereotypes , crashing any notions that women ca n't be both tough and feminine . "  Roller derby is one of the most multifaceted and dynamic organizations to be a part of , " she says . "  It 's kind a do-it-yourself culture ; it 's gender empowerment because we praise the finer points of our gender without compromising femininity , but at the same time we are embracing strong independent women . " Read this : The best of African street art Elisabeth Hansen Dreyer , or "  Betty Blizzard , " a working mom of two , agrees . She encourages other mothers to join the roller derby fun . "  It will save your sanity , " says the Storm Riders blocker . "  After a day and the kids are screaming and you 're just tired of chores and you get to go and bump girls . It 's awesome ! " Looking ahead , the Cape Town league is gearing up to host an officiating director from the international governing body of women 's roller derby . This will be the first time the organization visits Africa and the Cape Town Rollergirls are excited about the possibilities . It 's a nod to how seriously these players view their sport and will hopefully push them to grow into a bigger brand . And of course , there will be more bruises along the way .	Roller derby is a full-contact sport played by women on roller skates The sport has been gaining momentum in Cape Town , South Africa A league of three teams has been set up , boasting women from all walks of life Organizers say the sport embraces strong , yet feminine , women
One of the most high-profile women accused of connections with Mexico 's drug trade was extradited to the United States Thursday , officials said . Mexican police handed over Sandra Avila Beltran , known as "  The Queen of the Pacific , " to U.S. marshals at an airport in central Mexico Thursday morning , Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office said in a statement . She will face cocaine trafficking charges in a federal court in Florida , prosecutors said . 14 bodies found in Mexico Avila was once a key drug trafficking link between Colombia and Mexico , prosecutors have said . She was arrested in Mexico City on September 28 , 2007 , smiling before cameras as authorities trumpeted her detention . Since then , her life has been the subject of a best-selling book and a popular ballad . "  The more beautiful the rose , the sharper the thorns , " says one line in "  The Queen of Queens , " Los Tigres del Norte 's song describing Avila . Her eye-catching nickname has regularly made headlines as Mexico 's case against her made its way through the nation 's courts . A judge convicted her on money laundering charges , but ruled that Mexican prosecutors did n't provide enough evidence to convict her of drug trafficking . In 2011 , authorities in Mexico City said they were investigating a tip that prison medical personnel had allowed a doctor to give Avila a Botox injection . Avila denied that accusation , Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency reported . For more than two years , Avila has tried to block a U.S. extradition request . A Mexican judge ruled that she could be extradited in June . A 2008 U.S. Congressional Research Service report described Avila as "  a senior member of the Sinaloa cartel who was instrumental " in building ties with Colombian traffickers . According to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , Avila was suspected of conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States along with Juan Diego Espinosa , a Colombian national who was also known as "  The Tiger . " 4 Mexican military officials accused of organized crime ties The DEA said that in November 2001 , Espinosa , Avila and others "  allegedly arranged the shipment of cocaine from Colombia to the United States by ship . " The ship , loaded with 9,291 kilograms of cocaine , was boarded by U.S. agents near Manzanillo , on Mexico 's Pacific coast . U.S. authorities extradited Espinosa from Mexico in 2008 . A judge sentenced him to six years in prison after he pleaded guilty to a cocaine distribution conspiracy charge in 2009 . A court document signed as part of the plea agreement said that he and Avila had taken part in a deal to distribute 100 kilograms of cocaine in Chicago . In the United States , Avila faces a maximum sentence of life in prison if she is convicted of charges of conspiracy to import and sell cocaine , according to a 2004 indictment filed in U.S. district court . In a 2009 interview with Anderson Cooper that aired on "  60 Minutes " and CNN , Avila denied the charges against her , and blamed Mexico 's government for allowing drug trafficking to flourish . "  In Mexico there 's a lot of corruption , A lot . Large shipments of drugs can come into the Mexican ports or airports without the authorities knowing about it . It 's obvious and logical . The government has to be involved in everything that is corrupt , " she said .	The so-called "  Queen of the Pacific " faces cocaine trafficking charges Authorities have said she was a key link between Mexican and Colombian cartels Her life is the subject of a ballad and a best-selling book In 2011 , accusations surfaced that she received a Botox treatment in prison
Lynchburg , Virginia  CNN  -- Railroad workers in Virginia began trying to pull wrecked tank cars out of the James River Thursday as safety officials began trying to figure out why a train full of crude oil jumped the tracks and caught fire in the heart of Lynchburg . Thirteen of the 105 cars derailed Wednesday afternoon , and three of those ended up in the James River where it winds past downtown Lynchburg , National Transportation Safety Board investigator Jim Southworth told reporters . The train was made up entirely of tank cars full of crude , and about 50,000 gallons of it were unaccounted for after the crash , authorities said Wednesday night . There were no injuries in the derailment , but the resulting fire sent a pillar of black smoke rising over the city of about 78,000 people and forced the evacuation of much of its downtown for several hours . Most of the oil that spilled from the train cars appears to have either burned off or has been contained , said William Hayden of the state Department of Environmental Quality . There is an oil sheen on the river that stretches for about nine miles , and department personnel are testing water samples , he said . "  We do expect that much of the oil that remains will be broken up by the fast-moving water of the James , " Hayden said . Southworth said investigators were just getting to work and began interviewing the crew Thursday afternoon . In addition , the condition of the track and its bed after heavy rains will be one of the things they will examine , said NTSB spokesman Keith Holloway . Lynchburg municipal spokeswoman JoAnn Martin said worker were expecting to finish hauling the cars out of the river Thursday night . Parts of the railbed underneath the tracks had collapsed in the derailment and the remaining track was twisted , but Southworth cautioned that investigators may not release any conclusions for more than a year . "  This will be a well-orchestrated industrial ballet , " he said . The amount of oil shipped by rail has increased fourfold since 2005 amid a drilling boom in North Dakota and Canada . Those shipments have been under scrutiny since the derailment and fire that killed 47 people in a small town in Quebec last July , and environmentalists warned against having trains haul oil through downtown Lynchburg in March . Some of the cars on the train were of a model that the NTSB has said has a high incidence of leaking during crashes . But Southworth said investigators do n't know whether any of the cars that derailed Wednesday were among them . The Association of American Railroads estimates that more than 90,000 of those cars are used to carry hazardous materials . About 14,000 of them have been built to the latest safety standards , the association says . CNN Correspondent Athena Jones reported from Lynchburg ; Matt Smith reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : An oil sheen stretches for about nine miles on the James River , an official says A total of 13 of the 105 cars in Wednesday 's crash derailed , NTSB official says Three tank cars that fell into the James River were being hauled out Thursday "  This will be a well-orchestrated industrial ballet , " investigator says
CNN  -- Maybe this iPhone 5 "  purple haze " issue is n't such a big deal after all . In the few weeks that the phone has been on the market , a number of users have grumbled about a purplish glow appearing in their photos when the lens is angled toward the sun . Because no detail about Apple is too trivial to go unreported by the tech press , their complaints were magnified throughout the blogosphere . But Consumer Reports said Wednesday that this effect is not unusual . The respected product-review publication tested the iPhone 5 and found that it is "  no more prone to purple hazing on photos shot into a bright light source than its predecessor or than several Android phones with fine cameras . " The iPhone 5 's purple-haze effect was no more pronounced than with the iPhone 4S or two Android-based smartphones , the Samsung Galaxy S III and the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx , when tested those under the same conditions , Consumer Reports said . "  All camera lenses , even those made for expensive SLRs , can yield lens flare , which is produced by scattered reflections inside the lens from a bright light source , " Consumer Reports added . "  How much flare appears in an image depends on how you orient the lens . " Apple said basically the same thing in a recent post on its website and suggested that iPhone users angle the camera or shield the lens with their hand to keep bright light from shining into photos taken with the phone . "  Some expensive advanced cameras , and even many point-and-shoots , have special lens coatings that can limit or eliminate such flare , and possibly associated colored haze . So can attaching a shading hood around the lens 's edge , " Consumer Reports said . "  But smartphones ' cameras are designed differently , so it 's typically more difficult for manufacturers to minimize flare in them . " Perhaps this will put an end to the purple-haze saga , and iPhone 5 users can go back to griping about the new Apple maps .	Consumer Reports says the "  purple haze " effect on iPhone 5 photos is not unusual Effect was no more pronounced than with iPhone 4S or two Android-based phones , they say Apple has suggested users angle the camera or shield the lens
CNN  -- The United States successfully tested a sea-based component of its missile defense shield Thursday evening , intercepting a ballistic missile with a dummy warhead over the Pacific Ocean , the U.S. Missile Defense Agency said . A dummy missile is launched from a ship during a 2008 test of the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense Program . The exercise was the 19th successful test in 23 attempts of the system -- known as the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense Program -- since 2002 . A target missile was fired from Hawaii about 5:40 p.m.  11:40 p.m. ET  and was tracked by Navy ships hundreds of miles away . The USS Hopper , one of three Navy ships tracking the launch , fired an interceptor missile , which struck the target about 100 miles above the Earth . The process -- from launch to shoot-down -- took less than five minutes , according to the U.S. military . The United States plans to use the sea-based system on Navy Aegis-class ships to protect against incoming short - to medium-range missiles fired from hostile countries . Eighty-six of the ships eventually will have the capability . Another part of the missile defense protection -- ground-based midcourse defense -- is designed to strike at long-range missiles . Both the sea-based and ground-based systems are part of the Pentagon 's "  layered " missile defense plan . Much of the missile defense program is still under development , including lasers fired from a plane that the military hopes would destroy an enemy missile during launch . Other parts of the missile defense would fire short-range missiles at incoming warheads that are close to hitting their targets . Over the past seven years , the U.S. military has spent billions of dollars on the missile defense program . Pentagon officials have said that each missile defense test costs about $ 85 million .	Ship-based system shoots down dummy missile from hundreds of miles away Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense has 19 successful tests in 23 tries , agency says More than 80 U.S. Navy ships eventually will be equipped with system
CNN  -- It was the long goodbye as China bid farewell to its sporting heroine in a tearful ceremony . Li Na had announced last month at the age of 32 her career was over , that her recurring knee problems would keep her off the court once and for all . And at the start of the China Open at Beijing 's National Tennis Center Asia 's first grand slam singles champion was lauded by peers , Chinese celebrities and the wider public in a special ceremony . In all , 40 WTA players were on court for the ceremony , which reached its climax as world No. 2 Rafa Nadal , moments after winning on his own return from injury , presented the player with flowers alongside her husband Jiang Shan . The 14-time Grand Slam champion had previously tweeted : "  Congratulations for your career and I wish you all the best in your new life #LoveLi . " Li reached a career-best ranking of second earlier this year shortly after her victory at the Australian Open . She had previously become her continent 's first grand slam winner at the 2011 French Open , one of nine WTA career singles titles . But having not played since Wimbledon , she decided to retire . Now , she plans to start a family and also set up her own tennis academy but admitted : "  I was sad because tennis was with me for 24 years " . Caroline Wozniacki , Jelena Jankovic and Petra Kvitova were among the players on court to wipe away the tears , Wimbledon champion Kvitova leading the tributes . "  The most important thing I want to say is thank you for being our opponent , thank you for being our inspiration and thank you for being our friend . We will miss you , champion , " said Kvitova . WTA chairman Stacey Allaster also paid tribute adding : "  You 're a true champion and pioneer , who has made such a difference in so many people 's lives . You are the player of this decade , who has made the most impact and growth on women 's tennis . "	Tennis says its goodbyes to Li Na in a tear-jerking ceremony in Beijing , China Recurring knee injuries had forced the 32-year-old to call time on her career Wozniacki , Kvitova and Jankovic were among those to lead the emotional tributes World ' No. 2 Rafa Nadal came on court to present her with a bouquet of flowers
CNN  -- To convincingly yell "  I am Hercules ! " in his new action movie , Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson had to do more than warm up his vocal chords . As a former pro wrestler , The Rock was already approaching Greek demigod territory in terms of build , but even he had to change his diet and exercise to become mythologically ripped . According to USA Today , the 42-year-old actor had to endure a "  Hercules diet " that consisted of seven meals a day , extremely heavy on protein . The Rock would start with a hearty breakfast of four egg whites , five ounces of oatmeal and a 10-ounce filet of steak . By meal No. 3 , he 'd have wolfed down another eight ounces of chicken breast ; eight ounces of halibut ; two cups of white rice and two cups of a green vegetable , like broccoli or asparagus . Meals four through six were essentially more of the same , with a few baked potatoes thrown in instead of rice . It sounds like a lot -- and that would be because it is -- but The Rock told USA Today the diet was pretty painless . "  The only tough one was the last meal of the day , No. 7 , " he said , referring to the nightcap of 10 egg whites scrambled with vegetables , plus 30 grams casein protein . "  I get back to the hotel room , I 'm ready to go to sleep . But I have to down 10 egg whites . " But it sounds like eating those eggs was like downing cake compared to the workout portion of his Hercules training plan . "  It was grueling , " The Rock told CNN of his training plan at the "  Hercules " premiere in Los Angeles on Wednesday . "  It was for six months , and then it was for an additional six months once I got  on set  , " the actor said . "  So it was the most challenging role that I had ever taken on -- physically and mentally , but I 'm happy to be here and I 'm happy to know the movie 's good . " The Rock 's not just hyping his project . According to RottenTomatoes.com , "  Hercules " was 70 % fresh as of July 24 . Directed by Brett Ratner , the movie follows Hercules into war as he tries to protect the King of Thrace . Also starring John Hurt and Ian McShane , "  Hercules " opens Friday . Comic-Con : Ben Affleck 's ` Batman ' makes an appearance More ` Iron Man ' ? Sounds good to me , Robert Downey Jr. says Dwayne Johnson maybe just revealed he 's playing a superhero CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson stars as the titular hero in "  Hercules " He had a "  grueling " training plan , and ate seven meals a day He calls the role the most challenging he 's ever taken on
CNN  --  CNN  -- Malaysia Airlines flight carrying 239 people from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing disappeared Saturday after air traffic controllers lost contact with the plane , the airline said . "  At the moment we have no idea where this aircraft is right now , " Malaysia Airlines Vice President of Operations Control Fuad Sharuji said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " Subang Air Traffic Control lost contact with Flight MH370 at about 2:40 a.m. local time  1:40 p.m. ET Friday  , Sharuji said . "  We tried to call this aircraft through various means , " he said . The airline checked reports that the jet had landed in several places , but determined that none of the reports was true , he said . The Boeing 777-200 departed Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 12:41 a.m. and was expected to land in Beijing at 6:30 a.m. , a 2,300-mile  3,700 kilometer  trip . It was carrying 227 passengers , two of them infants , and 12 crew members , the airline said . At the time of its disappearance , the plane was carrying about 7.5 hours of fuel , Sharuji said . The passengers are of 13 nationalities , the airline said . They were from China and Taiwan  154  , Malaysia  38  , Indonesia  12  , Australia  7  , France  3  , United States  4  , New Zealand  2  , Ukraine  2  , Canada  2  , Russia  1  , Italy  1  , Netherlands  1  , Austria  1  . One infant from the United States and another from China were included in the tally . By CNN 's math , that adds up to 228 passengers , one more than the total cited by the airline . There was no immediate explanation offered . "  Malaysia Airlines is currently working with the authorities who have activated their Search and Rescue team to locate the aircraft , " the statement said . The public can call +60378841234 for further information . "  We deeply regret that we have lost all contacts " with the jet , said CEO Ahmad Juahari Yahya in a statement . Efforts to contact the plane in the hours after it disappeared were fruitless . China deployed two rescue ships in the South China Sea to begin a search , state-run broadcaster CCTV said . Family and friends of those missing on the flight gathered at a hotel complex in the Lido district of Beijing . People were being led in through a throng of reporters , with those friends and relatives saying nothing to the media . One woman had her hand to her face . As the door opened , a man inside looked anxious as he talked on a cell phone . The airline 's website said the flight was piloted by Cap . Zaharie Ahmad Shah , 53 , a Malaysian . He has 18,365 total flying hours and joined Malaysia Airlines in 1981 , the website said . The first officer is Fariq Ab.Hamid , 27 , a Malaysian with a total of 2,763 flying hours . He joined Malaysia Airlines in 2007 . The airline said in a statement that its representatives were contacting the relatives of those aboard . "  Focus of the airline is to work with the emergency responders and authorities and mobilize its full support , " it said . China 's state-run Xinhua News Agency said the flight lost contact and its radar signal as it was flying over the Ho Chi Minh air traffic control area in Vietnam . China 's embassy in Malaysia formed an emergency team headed by the Chinese ambassador to deal with the incident , it said . "  We 're closely monitoring reports on Malaysia flight MH370 , " Boeing said in a tweet . "  Our thoughts are with everyone on board . " "  It does n't sound very good , " retired American Airlines Capt. Jim Tilmon told CNN 's "  AC360 . " He noted that the route is mostly overland , which means that there would be plenty of antennae , radar and radios to contact the plane . "  I 've been trying to come up with every scenario that I could just to explain this away , but I have n't been very successful . " He said the plane is "  about as sophisticated as any commercial airplane could possibly be , " with an excellent safety record . "  The lack of communications suggests to me that something most unfortunate has happened , " said Mary Schiavo , former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation , in an interview with CNN International . "  But that , of course , does not mean that there are not many persons that need to be rescued and secured . There 's still a very urgent need to find that plane and to render aid . " There is one recent blemish for the Boeing jet : An Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 carrying 291 passengers struck a seawall at San Francisco International Airport in July 2013 , killing three people and wounding dozens more . Malaysia Airlines operates in Southeast Asia , East Asia , South Asia , the Middle East and on the route between Europe and Australasia . It has 15 of the Boeing 777-200 planes in its fleet , CNN 's Richard Quest reported . Part of the company is in the private sector , but the government owns most of it . Malayan Airways Limited began flying in 1937 as an air service between Penang and Singapore . A decade later , it began flying commercially as the national airline . In 1963 , when Malaysia was formed , the airline was renamed Malaysian Airlines Limited . Within 20 years , it had grown from a single aircraft operator into a company with 2,400 employees and a fleet operator .	NEW : China deploys two rescue ships to search South China Sea "  We have no idea where this aircraft is , " Malaysia Airlines vice president says The airline is contacting next of kin Flight was carrying 239 people , including 2 infants
New York  CNN  -- More than 80 Michael Jackson collectibles -- including the late pop star 's famous rhinestone-studded glove from a 1983 performance -- were auctioned off Saturday , reaping a total $ 2 million . Profits from the auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York 's Times Square crushed pre-sale expectations of only $ 120,000 in sales . The highly prized memorabilia , which included items spanning the many stages of Jackson 's career , came from more than 30 fans , associates and family members , who contacted Julien 's Auctions to sell their gifts and mementos of the singer . Jackson 's flashy glove was the big-ticket item of the night , fetching $ 420,000 from a buyer in Hong Kong , China . Jackson wore the glove at a 1983 performance during "  Motown 25 , " an NBC special where he debuted his revolutionary moonwalk . Fellow Motown star Walter "  Clyde " Orange of the Commodores , who also performed in the special 26 years ago , said he asked for Jackson 's autograph at the time , but Jackson gave him the glove instead . "  The legacy that -LSB- Jackson -RSB- left behind is bigger than life for me , " Orange said . "  I hope that through that glove people can see what he was trying to say in his music and what he said in his music . " Orange said he plans to give a portion of the proceeds to charity . Hoffman Ma , who bought the glove on behalf of Ponte 16 Resort in Macau , paid a 25 percent buyer 's premium , which was tacked onto all final sales over $ 50,000 . Winners of items less than $ 50,000 paid a 20 percent premium . Darren Julien , president and CEO of Julien 's Auctions , said people were hungry for such tokens of Jackson 's life , as evidenced by the 3,500 who registered as bidders for the auction . "  Michael was very generous , " Julien said . "  If you were friends with Michael Jackson or an important part of his life , occasionally he would give something away , and that 's a very big reason that these things got out in the public . " A signature black synthetic blend jacket from Jackson 's 16-month Bad World Tour , his first concert tour as a solo artist , sold for $ 270,000 . Featuring black straps with silver buckles and zippers , the jacket came to symbolize Jackson 's "  Bad " era . Tori Renza , whose father bought her the Bad jacket when she was just 4 years old , said she grew up singing and dancing to Jackson 's songs around her house . "  It just became part of our family , " said Renza , who planned to use the money from the auction to pay back student loans . Jackson 's famed fedora , which he sported at the 1995 MTV Music Awards , sold for $ 73,800 . It was one of three hats Jackson wore during a 10-minute medley before hurling it into the crowd . The hat was auctioned at a charity event that year , and the letter of verification is signed "  Lisa Marie Presley Jackson , " the daughter of Elvis Presley who was married to Jackson for nearly two years . "  To my knowledge , there were not a lot of letters that she signed with her full name , " Julien said . Handwritten lyrics of the 1983 smash hit "  Beat It , " which Jackson scribbled on a piece of white paper , went for $ 60,000 . One of the more bizarre items up for bidding , an upper mold used to fit Jackson with animal fangs for the 1983 video for "  Thriller , " sold for more than $ 10,000 . The auction also allowed the world to see photographs of Jackson engaged in simple activities , like driving . His 1985 Mercedes-Benz 500 SEL , which he ultimately gave to an aunt as a birthday gift , was auctioned for $ 104,500 . "  What 's even more significant is that we have photos of Michael driving the car , " Julien said . "  When have you seen Michael driving a car ? He was always chauffeured or driven . " There were also a number of autographed photos , as well as signed books , collectibles and artwork . Even Jackson 's doodles and sketches of the likes of Frankenstein , Mickey Mouse and Charlie Chaplin were up for sale . Lee Tompkins , a renowned pencil artist who said he came to know Jackson in the early 1980s and owns approximately 75 of Jackson 's artworks , auctioned two of Jackson 's pieces : one of a vagabond and the other of Charlie Chaplin . They sold for $ 20,000 and $ 33,280 respectively . "  He 's more than just a singer and dancer . He was an artist first , " Thompkins said . Before Saturday 's auction , the items were exhibited in Santiago , Chile ; Dublin , Ireland ; and Tokyo , Japan , where crowds lined up for hours get a glimpse of them , Julien said . "  Michael Jackson is looking down and has to be happy , " he said after the auction , adding , "  We lost an icon . "	Among items auctioned Saturday : jacket , song lyrics , sketches , dental mold Famous rhinestone-studded glove fetched $ 420,000 Hat 's letter of verification signed by Jackson 's ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley
CNN  -- Liverpool 's Uruguay international striker Luis Suarez has been accused of giving "  unreliable " and "  inconsistent " evidence to the disciplinary panel which banned him for eight-games for alleged racial abuse of Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . The findings of the Independent Regulatory Commission were released late Saturday night on the official website of the English Football Association  FA  . The detailed 115-page ruling went over the circumstances of the clash between the pair in the match at Liverpool 's Anfield ground on October 15 . It concluded that Suarez had called Evra a "  negro " no fewer than seven times during the course of the English Premier League match . The panel heard evidence from both players and also used linguistic experts to examine television footage of the game . Their investigations centered on an incident just before the hour mark after Suarez fouled the French international full-back . Dalglish defends t-shirts supporting Suarez At a subsequent Liverpool corner , Evra was marking the striker and they became involved in a fierce row . Evra made a complaint to referee Andre Mariner and again after the game , which prompted the FA investigation . Suarez , who was publicly supported by his manager Kenny Dalglish and teammates , argued before the panel that the use of he word "  negro " was not offensive . But the commission rejected his arguments in handing down their lengthy ban and a $ 62,000 fine . "  Mr Evra was a credible witness , " read its report . "  He gave his evidence in a calm , composed and clear way . It was , for the most part , consistent , although both he and Mr Suarez were understandably unable to remember every detail of the exchanges between them . Blog : Out with the old and in with the new in 2012 "  Mr Suarez 's evidence was unreliable in relation to matters of critical importance . It was , in part , inconsistent with the contemporaneous evidence , especially the video footage , " it added . However , the commission did not believe Suarez was "  racist " but had used "  insulting " words , which was the basis of the FA charge against him . "  We have found that charge proved on the evidence and arguments put before us . The FA made clear that it did not contend that Mr Suarez acted as he did because he is a racist . "  Mr Evra said in his evidence that he did not think Mr Suarez is a racist . Mr Suarez said in evidence that he will not use the word ` negro ' on a football pitch in England in the future , and we believe that is his genuine and firm intention . " Liverpool have until January 13 to appeal , leaving Suarez free to play , including a English League Cup semifinal first leg tie against Manchester City two days before . They issued a statement on their website to confirm receipt of the commission 's report . "  The player , the club and our legal advisers will now take the necessary amount of time to read , digest and properly consider the contents of the 115 page judgment and will make no further comment at present , " it read . The Suarez affair comes at the same time England captain John Terry is facing a criminal charge of using racist language against QPR defender Anton Ferdinand during Chelsea 's EPL game on October 23 . Terry has vowed to fight the charges "  tooth and nail " and like Suarez has received the backing of his club . The FA is postponing its action until the court proceedings are concluded early this year .	FA says Luis Suarez gave ` unreliable ' evidence in race abuse case Suarez received eight-game ban and $ 62,000 fine 115-page report details his exchanges with Patrice Evra Liverpool still to decide whether to appeal findings
CNN  After 15 years of being addicted to drugs , David Gordon was ready to turn his life around , but he soon realized there were others that were still being controlled by addiction . Having been through the cycle of jail and drugs , starting with marijuana and ending up with heroin , he decided to start his own rehabilitation center in Bogor , a city just south of Indonesia 's capital Jakarta . Now , 18 years later , he is the director of the Yakita Foundation , one of the only non-governmental drug rehabilitation services in the country with locations across in Indonesia . Spreading drug problem "  I saw an article about the only drug recovery center in the country at that time , at the government hospital , " explains Gordon . "  I went over as a volunteer and saw the problem immediately . I sat with 22 young people , 21 were heroin addicts . "  I had never seen that many heroin addicts in one place at one time , and I 'm an old junkie . That was the day that all of this began . " Gordon started the foundation in 1996 , alongside his wife Joyce , who brought in her knowledge from working with non-governmental organizations  NGOs  . In the mid-1990s it was difficult for drug addicts to get clean as there were few drug programs and help centers . "  In 1996 heroin was running wild . It had spread so quickly people did not recognize the severity of the problem , " says Gordon . "  I thought the best way to begin was to start the narcotics anonymous program in Indonesia . It was already well established worldwide , but nothing was translated . So my wife Joyce translated the alcoholics anonymous book and the narcotics anonymous basic text . " Educational solutions David and Joyce 's first program lasted six months , they taught 156 modules over that period , teaching five hours a day and checking on the progress of each individual student . "  The offering was a complete program , " says Gordon . "  We had programs that dealt with prevention , intervention , detoxification , and the beginnings of a basic aftercare program . We created a school with an above university level of education . "  It gave them a basic understanding that they had a choice . If you 're going to relapse at the end of six months , choose it . Giving them the choice is what a real program will do . " Family support However , the pair have come up against some problems , family support being one of them . "  Aftercare is a big problem across the country , " says Gordon . The sense of shame prevents some families from being involved in the aftercare programs , which could make a huge difference . In addition , the drug problem in the country is growing faster than the foundation can possibly work . Despite this setback , the Yakita Foundation wo n't quit . "  I keep going for the same reason I started . " says Gordon . "  I remember a long time ago somebody put their hand out to me when I had no hope and showed me these programs . I started with a 12-step program and they gave without taking anything . "  That was a very long time ago now and I do it for the same reason . I see people who have no hope . "	Former addict and ex-convict David Gordon is taking on Indonesia 's drug problem Gordon and his wife started a foundation to educate and rehabilitate addicts They face challenges including lack of support from the addict 's families and increasing drug use
