CNN  -- She 's been called "  America 's mom . " Strangers stop her for hugs in the airport . And she still dishes up kindly parental wisdom daily in reruns of "  The Brady Bunch . " "  Brady Bunch " actress Florence Henderson founded a service to help older adults learn about computers . Now , actress Florence Henderson , otherwise known as Mrs. Brady , has a new mission : Helping older adults learn to use technology . Her new business , Floh Club , is a "  telephone-based technical support service " focusing on people who did n't grow up with computers -- especially grandparents who want to stay in touch with family but are intimidated by webcams , Facebook , instant messaging or even e-mail . Henderson says Floh Club is "  like roadside assistance for your computer . " She spoke with CNN 's Josh Levs about her inspiration , her grandkids and "  Brady Bunch " rumors as the show celebrates its 40th anniversary . See more of our chat with Florence Henderson " CNN : What made you think of this ? Florence Henderson : I was terrified of computers , Josh . I did n't grow up with them . And I have four kids , and they were always saying , "  Oh , Mom , please get connected . " And I would go , "  No , I do n't have time . " But I was really scared . And so , a few months ago I decided that if I felt that way , there must be a lot of older adults that feel the same way , or maybe even some younger ones . I am now sending e-mails , I 'm videoconferencing . I 'm taking photos off my camera and actually putting them on the computer . Facebook , it is so exciting . I mean , I 'm thrilled . CNN : What kinds of calls are you getting ? What have people been calling and saying they need help with ? Henderson : Things like as simple as learning how to send an e-mail . We have all North American-based technical experts standing by . Eighteen hours a day . Seven days a week . They are all very patient and very caring , and they will access your computer remotely , and they will talk you through any problem you may be having . They 'll teach you how to use your computer . CNN : The plans and services range from $ 25 to up to $ 250 for an entire year . You have grandkids . Do you stay in touch with them this way ? Henderson : You know what , Josh ? That 's one of the most exciting things for me is to be able to videoconference because I have a son and his wife and two children that live in St. Louis . I have a daughter in Florida . And they have two children . And now I can actually see them . I have a new granddaughter who is just a year old . I can watch her grow , and I can talk to them . To me , that is the most exciting thing . And so I 'm encouraging older adults to really stay connected and use your brain . CNN : It 's the 40th anniversary of the Brady Bunch . We see sitcom stars come and go . But you , 35 years after the show technically ended , you have stayed out there as an icon . What 's your secret ? What did you do that no one else figured out ? Henderson : You know what , Josh ? I think it 's because I love what I do . I 'm passionate about what I do . I 've always kind of felt that my career was my vocation , and I love staying on top of things . Now I 'm cybermom ! I genuinely love to communicate . And I love people . CNN : I got to tell you , when I said I was going to talk to you today , every person I talked to said I have to get the truth about you and Greg  Barry Williams  . You write about this on your blog . Just give everyone the real story . Henderson : The real story is that he always had a crush on me and he asked me to go on a date with him . And so I went . And he only had a driver 's permit . And his brother had to bring him to my hotel , and then he could drive my car , you know , he had a permit . But it was so sweet and so innocent . And he 's still a very dear friend .	Florence Henderson launches a new service to help seniors learn about computers The "  Brady Bunch " actress had to overcome her own fear of technology Floh Club is a "  telephone-based technical support service " It helps grandparents and others stay in touch with family via e-mail , webcams
CNN  -- I was 17 when my mother died of breast cancer . She was 42 . It seemed old to me then . As a middle-aged mother myself now , I see it differently . Forty-two was impossibly young . I 've spent more than half my life without my mother . Does it sound odd to hear that I still miss her , even after 33 years ? I used to think that feeling sad two years , five years , even 10 years after her death meant I 'd somehow grieved wrong . But now I know differently . Mourning is a lifelong process , especially for children who lose a mother young . When a child loses a mother , maturity often follows quickly . "  Normal " is irrevocably redefined . Over the years , milestones that bring joy to others may trigger a range of mixed emotions in the motherless . Graduations , weddings , childbirth , new jobs : These are all times of transition when we long for a mother 's support , encouragement or celebration . But when we look over our shoulders for reassurance , a mother is n't there . This can lead to a new mourning cycle , where the pain feels fresh and raw . It explains why , upon the birth of my first child , I was relieved to have a healthy child , overjoyed to have a daughter ; and also terribly , terribly sad , because my mother would never meet her . Some transitions are one-time events , like reaching a mother 's age at time of death . This is a profound turning point for a motherless woman , who often carries the fear that she 'll die at the same age . Forty-two was an emotionally charged year for me , but 43 was even stranger . I 'm now seven years older than my mother got to be . How does an adult daughter even begin to make sense of that ? In the 20 years since the publication of "  Motherless Daughters " I 've met thousands of motherless women , all around the globe . Many of them have found mother substitutes in grandmothers , aunts , sisters or good friends . That was never true for me . My greatest source of comfort has come from other women like myself . We "  get " each other , right away . We cry in the back of school concerts because we 're equally proud and sad . We raise our children to be independent just in case we , too , die young . And we understand , whether we 're mothers or not , how Mother 's Day weekend can be a double-edged sword . Motherless women -- as well as daughters who have estranged or difficult relationships with their mothers -- really have no culturally sanctioned way to recognize their mothers on Mother 's Day . So we 're free to create our own . Here are some ideas from two decades of interviews with motherless women and 33 years of spending Mother 's Day without my own : Attend a local Motherless Daughters Day luncheon . More than two dozen groups of women throughout the country , from Orange County , California , to Chicago to New Orleans plan luncheons on the day before Mother 's Day  or soon after  to honor mothers no longer living . During a Circle of Remembrance women say their names and their mothers ' names out loud . Make your mother part of the day . If she liked to cook , make one of her recipes . Put her picture on your mantel . Tell your children or nieces and nephews a story about her . Recognizing her will feel better than trying to push the memory away . If you have a strained or nonexistent relationship with your mother , use the day to celebrate life instead , in honor of the life she gave you . Get your hands into the earth and plant seedlings . Volunteer at an animal shelter . Do what nurtures and inspires you most . This year marks the 100th anniversary of Mother 's Day as an official , national holiday . Let 's remember , too , Anna Jarvis , the woman responsible for lobbying President Wilson to create the national holiday -- and herself a motherless daughter . I 'll be celebrating the same as usual : having brunch with my husband and daughters , enjoying a low-key afternoon at home and searching for a way to honor my mother , as I 've done every Mother 's Day since 1982 , the first I spent without her .	Hope Edelman 's mother died when she was 17 . She still grieves her 33 years later She says kids mature quick when mom dies ; life 's milestones renew mourning cycle She says Mother 's Day can be disorienting ; she 's comforted by people who 've lost moms Edelman : Recall your mom by life-affirming acts , cooking what she cooked , honoring her memory
CNN  -- A man set himself on fire Tuesday outside the court in Norway 's capital , Oslo , where Anders Behring Breivik is on trial over terrorist attacks last summer that killed 77 people . "  We do n't know much about his motives , but he set himself alight outside the courthouse . Police were quick to put the fire out , and he has now been taken to hospital , " Unni Groendal , head of media for Oslo police , told CNN . Police said in a statement released later Tuesday that the man was a Norwegian citizen from a foreign background . He has severe injuries , but they are not life-threatening , the statement said . He is expected to have surgery early Wednesday . "  It is still unclear what the motive was for his action . He can currently not be questioned by police , " the statement reads . A police spokesman earlier dismissed reports that the man had tried to force his way through the cordon outside the district courthouse . Norwegian daily newspaper VG reported that several court employees ran out with water bottles to pour water over the man . Video posted on the VG website shows the man running toward the court building with his hat and jacket on fire . Police officers then pull off his clothing and try to extinguish the flames as he lies on the ground . He was given first aid treatment on site . The incident happened about 1:45 p.m. local time  7:45 a.m. ET  , according to Norwegian TV channel TV2 . Breivik is on trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror in the July 22 attacks . He admits carrying out an attack on a youth camp on Utoya Island and a bombing in Oslo that killed eight people . He boasts of being an ultranationalist who killed his victims to fight multiculturalism in Norway . Experts ' assessment of Breivik 's sanity will be a factor in determining what punishment he receives if convicted . Sentencing options could include imprisonment or confining him to a mental facility . Friday 's court session was disrupted when the brother of one of those killed threw a shoe toward Breivik , hitting one of his defense lawyers . This week , the court is hearing testimony from some of those injured during Breivik 's gun rampage on Utoya Island . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : The man is a Norwegian citizen with a foreign background , police say NEW : The man suffered severe injuries and will have surgery Wednesday , police say NEW : Police say the man 's motives for setting himself afire remain unclear Anders Behring Breivik is on trial on charges of committing acts of terror and voluntary homicide
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- The world is watching the situation in Syria transform before its eyes -- with an uptick in bombings and allegations of chemical weapons use -- but deciding what to do about it is no easy feat . In the capital , there is less shelling and fewer fighter jets are seen in the air than in the past , but the streets are as empty as ever in the wake of recent bombings . The increasing number of explosions is causing a lot of anxiety for Syrians , due in part to the fact that it 's not clear which side is behind the blasts . The government blames "  terrorists , " a designation that includes the rebels who are trying to bring down President Bashar al-Assad . The rebels accuse the government of bombing its own capital in a ploy for sympathy . "  They are all our children and it is sad . We are all Syrians killing each other , " lamented Umm Wasim , who witnessed the latest tragedy : a bomb blast that killed at least 13 in Damascus Tuesday . Equally frustrating for the Syrian civilians who are waiting and hoping for international intervention in the crisis is the fact that the United States has now said there is evidence that the chemical weapon sarin has been used on a small scale in the conflict . It appears that a line has been crossed , but the response from the world community has not been swift . President Barack Obama said Tuesday the United States will wait until it has more details on the evidence of chemical weapons use before altering its strategy on the strife in Syria . Obama previously called the use of chemical weapons a "  red line , " but the United States has not radically changed its approach to Syria in the days since an administration official announced the finding . The United States does n't yet know "  how they were used , when they were used , who used them , " Obama said . "  When I am making decisions about American national security and the potential for taking additional action in response to chemical weapons use , I have to make sure I have the facts . " On Tuesday , a spokesman for the Free Syrian Army said that the rebels had secured what they believe is an unexploded chemical weapon deployed by the regime in Idlib . The FSA will try to get the unexploded canister out of the country for testing , he said . "  If the Syrian regime does n't want to allow the U.N. investigation team in , we will do all we can in order to present the evidence to the international community because we have the moral and national obligations to our people and our nation , " Louay Almokdad said . At the scene of Tuesday 's bombing in the capital , some people burst into tears as they spoke about the event and the general situation in Syria . "  They are killing our people . Washington and the West know they are terrorists . Why are they providing them with weapons ? " asked Mohammed Agha . But the United States says it provides only non-lethal aid to the opposition . The question of arming the rebels is being debated among the international community . Syrian state-run television said the "  terrorist explosion " also wounded 70 people . The blast apparently came from a car bomb parked behind the old building of the Interior Ministry , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The Syrian Observatory , which opposes al-Assad 's government , said the number of casualties is expected to rise because of the large number of injured . Prime minister uninjured after bomb targets motorcade Members of the Syrian armed forces were among those hurt in the explosion , the group said . But Almokdad told CNN he believes the attack was staged by the government . "  The latest blasts are nothing but a farce staged by the Assad regime in order to beg for sympathy from the international community on the eve of the U.N. Security Council meeting to discuss the use of chemical weapons by the regime armed forces against our innocent civilians , " the FSA spokesman said . He also said the rebel army was not involved in the explosion . "  Setting up car bombs in the capital or anywhere in the country is not a strategy that the FSA condones , " Almokdad said . "  We reject targeting any civilian area and risking the lives of our civilian population . " Syrian rebels attack military airports across country , opposition says Tuesday 's blast occurred a day after Syrian Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi survived a bombing that targeted his motorcade in an upscale Damascus neighborhood , the government and opposition reported . The Syrian Observatory said one of al-Halqi 's escorts and five civilians were killed in the explosion . Another escort and a driver were badly injured , the group said . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported casualties but did not elaborate on the incident . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the Monday blast . But the rebel spokesman said he believes that attack was also set up by the government . "  Al-Halqi is a minor figure propped by the al-Assad regime , and he is not a strategic target to the FSA or anyone in the revolution . We actually feel sorry for the man who was appointed to be a prime minister , " he said . The Syrian civil war has pitted al-Assad 's forces against rebels seeking an end to four decades of Assad family rule . More than 70,000 people , mostly civilians , have been killed in the conflict in the past two years . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen reported from Damascus , with Mariano Castillo reporting and writing from Atlanta . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Holly Yan also contributed to this report .	Obama says more information is needed before a decision on Syria A rebel spokesman says recent blasts were set up by the government to garner sympathy State-run TV calls Tuesday blast a "  terrorist explosion ; " no one has claimed responsibility The blast took place a day after the prime minister survived a bombing on his motorcade
Forget Elon Musk or Al Gore . The biggest star of the South by Southwest Interactive festival is less than a year old , sleeps all day and looks like she just swallowed a hairball . Austin , meet Grumpy Cat . The real-life cat , an Internet sensation since photos of her sourpuss face began circulating last fall , has been holding court during SXSW at the Mashable House , a temporary lounge run by the tech-news site . People have stood for hours , in lines snaking around the block , to get their picture taken with her . Grumpy Cat , an 11-month-old mixed breed whose real name is Tardar Sauce , has ignored them all . Mostly she sleeps in a cat bed while fans pass by to pose next to her . Instead of smiling , many of them make pouty faces of their own . Through it all , Grumpy Cat has remained unimpressed . "  People keep asking if we sedate her , " said one of her handlers , Bryan Bundesen , on Sunday .  The answer is no .  "  It 's been crazy . Yesterday , they were lined up for almost three blocks . " This is the first official public appearance for Grumpy Cat , who lives with her owner , Tabatha Bundesen , in Morristown , Arizona . The cat first gained fame in September when Bryan , Tabatha 's brother , posted some photos of her on Reddit , the social-news site . "  It was an accident , " said Bryan Bundesen of the viral stardom that followed . "  We thought it would get some laughs , with the Internet liking cats . And it just kept going . " Grumpy Cat now has a website that Bryan Bundesen said attracts 1.5 million unique visitors a month , plus a popular Facebook page , YouTube channel and Twitter account . Bryan manages her social media pages from his home in Ohio with occasional help from Tabatha , who sends him fresh Grumpy Cat photos every week or so . "  I do n't mind it , " Tabatha said of her pet 's celebrity . "  I 'm thrilled to see that my cat brings joy to people . " The Bundesens declined to say exactly how much money they 've earned off Grumpy Cat , although Bryan said it 's in the mid-five figures . They 're also sensitive to charges that they 're exploiting their pet . At SXSW , they have made her available to the public only for several hours each day , and Tabatha sits close by to make sure no fans get too cozy . But that has n't stemmed people 's enthusiasm for the small cat with the cranky face . Oscar-winning filmmaker Danny Boyle  "  Slumdog Millionaire "  was doing an interview a few feet away Saturday , but people crowded past him for a glimpse of the cat . Fans have come bearing cattnip toys and other gifts . One woman said she came all the way from Australia to see Grumpy Cat . Mashable , a CNN.com content partner , invited the Bundesens and Grumpy Cat to Austin as part of their SXSW party space , which celebrates Internet memes . The result supports the notion that Internet fame is becoming as potent a force as other types of celebrity . "  There 's this great universal quality that Grumpy Cat captures , " explained Mason Peatross , who waited in line more than 90 minutes for his 30 seconds with the snoozing kitty . "  Everybody 's got that grumpy moment where they just hate things . The cat just makes me laugh every time . " Get the latest news from CNN.com	Viral Web sensation "  Grumpy Cat " is the star of South by Southwest Really named Tartar Sauce , the cat caught the Web 's attention on Reddit Lines at the festival have stretched three blocks to see , pose with Grumpy Cat
CNN  -- Fixing the economy has long been at the top of everyone 's presidential wish list . Nearly half of all Americans named the economy the most important issue facing the nation today , followed by the deficit and health care , according to a current CNN poll . But there are a lot of hot button issues Americans would like President Obama to address in his second term . CNN iReport challenged people to finish the sentence , "  In his second term , Obama should ... " and the responses were varied and surprising . Read below and watch the videos to see four of the most interesting . Sworn in again , Obama lingers for last look 1 . Rebuild infastructure Cherry Davis , who has been struggling in the Los Angeles job market for the past couple of years , believes she knows the best way for the president to create jobs , taking inspiration from President Franklin D. Roosevelt . Davis thinks rebuilding the nation 's infrastructure , part of what she terms "  a modern New Deal , " would be the best thing Obama could focus on in his new term . She voted for Obama this election . "  I believe that our country is behind and it 's because we are not rebuilding our infrastructure , " she said . "  Instead , we are using the same methods that took place after the Great Depression . We need to rebuild our infrastructure from energy to roads to bridges . " "  This would get America back to work building a larger tax base and bringing the middle class back . We need to keep up with technology from a nationwide high speed rail , to our power grid . Updating our nation will create jobs . " Davis said that she would take a job to help rebuild the country 's infrastructure if one became available . CNN.com commenter "  Leftcoastrocky , " agreed . "  Our infrastructure has been neglected for a full generation and is making our economy less efficient and more expensive . " A tale of two terms : Unfinished business and battles ahead 2 . Improve education in the United States Education ranked fourth on our list of top issues during the election as voted by CNN.com readers and iReporters , so it was less of a surprise to see Obama voter and rising East Carolina University student Tyler Stocks mention this topic . Stocks said he relies on financial aid for his education , as increasing college tuition and textbook prices have been a strain . Costs have risen as much as 8.3 % at public universities , according to a 2011 U.S Department of Education study . "  I plan to transfer to a university in the summer but am worried about how to pay for it , " he said . "  Even with financial aid , education has become a matter of affordability and the whole idea of following your dreams is difficult when you ca n't afford to . I am hoping that the president can work to ensure that students such as I are afforded with the opportunity to receive a good education . " As David Evan Karasek put it in CNN.com 's comments , "  Educating our young to compete is not an option but a requirement for America 's future . " Obama 's second-term priorities 3 . Take charge of breaking partisan gridlock	iReporters had surprising answers on what Obama should tackle in his second term Middle East policy , immigration among top concerns Answers differ somewhat from 2012 election issues
CNN  -- It would n't be an election year without Florida exhibiting its usual despicable efforts to keep residents from voting . After the 2000 debacle where the nation had to contend with hanging chads , ballots not being counted , more lawyering than anyone ever needs to deal with , and finally a U.S. Supreme Court ruling , you would think officials there would do all they can to stay out of the news . But , no . Leave it to the state legislature and Gov. Rick Scott to create another mess that could have easily been avoided . This time , it 's the purging of the state 's voting rolls in an effort to keep U.S. noncitizens from voting . According to Scott , potentially 182,000 voters on the rolls are noncitizens . Now there is nothing wrong with any state ensuring that those who are eligible to vote are American citizens . But when it comes to Florida , they did n't even take the necessary precautions to ensure that folks who are legal citizens would n't be a part of their purge process . The big question is , why now ? Why would Florida , with a statewide vote coming up in 90 days , choose now of all times to do this ? That 's a question the Department of Justice is asking . T. Christian Herren , chief lawyer in the DOJ 's voting rights division , wrote a two-page letter to Florida officials asking why they chose to make this move without consulting the feds , an apparent violation of the Voting Rights Act . Civil rights groups are naturally outraged because in 2000 Florida purged thousands from its rolls . Most of them were minority , and a substantial number were law-abiding residents who never should have been stricken . In Miami-Dade County , officials sent 1,500 letters to voters saying they were potentially noncitizens , and nearly one-third of them provided proof that they were indeed Americans . What kind of failure rate is that to be proud of ? This action follows the draconian voter suppression law -- supporters call it voter protection -- that was passed by the Florida legislature , which was so ridiculous and punitive that the nonpartisan League of Women Voters and Rock the Vote ! chose not to register voters out of fear of amassing substantial fines . A federal judge has ordered Florida to stop enforcing several provisions of that law . It is shameful that Republicans in Florida are concerned with blocking Americans from the ballots out of some ridiculous fear of noncitizens voting . And they should be embarrassed by their actions , which include questioning the citizenship of 91-year-old Bill Internicola , a World War II veteran . Internicola was a medic during the war and earned the Bronze Star in the Battle of the Bulge . He was also bestowed with the Chevalier Legion of Honour by France . But because of Florida 's voter purge plan , he got a letter saying he had 30 days to prove he was an American or he would be stricken from the voter rolls . Internicola fought for democracy overseas , only to have partisan hacks question his legitimacy . Scott should have the decency to call Internicola and offer him a personal apology for the insulting letter . The Department of Justice should be aggressive in demanding that Florida , and any other state , is n't taking action that is detrimental to Americans exercising their right to vote . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin	Florida is purging of its voting rolls in an effort to keep U.S. noncitizens from voting Martin : Gov. Rick Scott created another mess that could have been avoided According to Scott , potentially 182,000 voters on the rolls are noncitizens Justice Department weighs in , asks why change comes 90 days before election
In 1995 , South Africa seemed united beyond expectation , having rallied around an unlikely ambassador for racial change in a highly-fractured country . The Springboks ' triumph at that year 's Rugby World Cup seemed to herald the birth of the Rainbow Nation , with white team captain Francois Pienaar accepting the Webb Ellis Cup from Nelson Mandela , the first post-apartheid president . We seemed invincible , or at least it felt that way at the time . I remember every game of that tournament -- every scrum , every try , every drop-goal . I also remember how the crowd at our local watering hole -- the place to be to watch the matches - changed . What started off as a predominately white audience soon changed until we were shoulder to shoulder with people of all races . When we drove the streets of Cape Town after winning the final , honking our horns and singing "  shoshaloza " -- which means "  go forward " -- we were n't white or black , we were South Africans . Springboks overpower Namibia in 12-try romp at World Cup It was the first time I can remember really feeling that way , and everyone was hopeful that it would last . Given the drama of that tournament , and the publicity that followed , it was only natural that rugby became more popular among races other than white . Chester Williams became the face of what South African rugby could be , and soon there were a number of talented black players getting Test caps . But it was n't all smooth sailing . For a while there was a quota system -- for white-dominated sports such as rugby and cricket there had to be a certain number of players of color on the squad . My reaction to the requirement was similar to most of those around me : we were outraged . Holders South Africa scrape past Wales in 2011 opener It seemed like a no-win situation : players of color were bound to be treated as second-rate or lacking , regardless of their ability to play . The ones that would have made the squad despite the quota system were hurt the most . Thankfully the practice was done away with , and South Africa Rugby Union  SARU  focused more on developing school-age players of color so coaches would have a more representative base from which to select . SARU President Oregan Hoskins points out that the organization sets aside 20 million rand  $ 2.75 million  each year with the specific goal of transforming the future of South African rugby to include more players of color . Clinics have been set up in disadvantaged areas and rugby is more prominent in schools that typically have been soccer-crazy . It has , for the most part , worked -- there are more players of color moving up the ranks from schoolboy rugby to professional levels . What does n't make sense is that only three players of color made the squad for this World Cup , two of whom also played in South Africa 's victorious 2007 campaign . Hoskins argues that South African rugby is still suffering from the effects of apartheid . "  This is a multifaceted challenge , " he told CNN . "  We 're still plagued by the effects of the past , we still live in predominately separate residential areas . There is change , but it 's not quick enough and these issues are something we have to face as a society . " Hoskins believes that club rugby remains a problem . He maintains that there would be more change if the advantaged clubs opened their doors to players of color . The same can be said for provincial rugby . Hoskins said provincial teams are completely autonomous from the ruling body . They have their own constitutions which SARU can not interfere with . If provincial teams do n't include players of color in their squads , then the national side is almost forced to do the same because the selection depth just is n't there . It 's not that there are n't any good players of color who want to play Springbok rugby , it 's that there 's a drop-off between school and provincial rugby selection , and the club situation does n't help either . More needs to be done to move players up through the ranks and onto the national squad . Local media recently picked up on a report which said teams could soon be forced to include a certain number of players of color in their team , or face penalties including docked points and/or fines . This measure , however , is unlikely to be implemented as the teams themselves would have to vote on it . Hoskins doubts it would pass , but recognizes that SARU needs the provincial teams to transform faster than they presently are . It seems that the racial make-up of the national side is routinely brought into question right before a big tournament , such as the World Cup . Former SARU media adviser and rugby commentator Mark Keohane believes South Africans have been "  blinkered by success . " When the team does well , it 's as if rugby in South Africa , and the country in general , has changed . When the team is doing poorly , everyone 's an analyst and we 're back to 1993 . Keohane does n't believe that there 's enough consistency in the transformation effort . He criticizes Hoskins for failing to achieve SARU 's stated goal of seven colored players being included in the squad for this year 's tournament . Hoskins has asked for more time to work on the issue , saying society needs to change before the squad will reflect the new South Africa . Keohane is frustrated with the lack of accountability within SARU . He accuses the body of playing politics and avoiding making unpopular decisions . Hoskins maintains his hands are tied -- he needs more cooperation from the lower-level teams . It seems we 're just running in circles . Both Keohane and Hoskins agree that South Africa is still racially divided . Keohane notes that , as a nation , South Africa has n't learned how to deal with life post-apartheid . It 's still the white elephant in the room . It 's not just the players on the field who are mostly white , it 's the spectators too -- match tickets are priced so high that typically only wealthy , usually white , South Africans can afford to attend . Hoskins does n't believe it 's an issue of money , he says it 's a question of trying to get people to mix racially and accept each other . To help , SARU has announced that next year it will be holding a Test match in Soweto , the country 's largest township . Moves like that are in the right direction , but it will take time before we have another "  Invictus " moment for Hollywood to recreate . To me , a South African now living in the United States , it seems that South African rugby is in a better state than it was pre-World Cup 1995 , but not where it could be . We can be proud of the fact that we 're one of only two countries to lift the Webb Ellis Cup twice , and that we 're still considered a rugby powerhouse . But perhaps indicative of how far South Africa still has to go , popular rugby commentator Darren Scott recently resigned from his job at a local radio station after hurling a racial slur at a co-worker , during a team-building retreat , over an unpaid loan . Scott has apologized profusely but the incident prompted Supersport , a leading sport channel for whom he was a freelancer , to drop him from the team sent to New Zealand to cover the World Cup . It might be that South Africans need to come together more before the boys on the pitch reflect the make-up of the country , but I 'd like to think that rugby has the ability to be a game-changer off the field . It could serve as the example others would follow . We do n't need to wait for the rest of society to catch up , we can show them how it 's done and get closer to once again being South African first -- and black or white second .	South Africa seeking to retain Rugby World Cup title in New Zealand Springboks ' first triumph in 1995 was a big boost for post-apartheid nation Its rugby union is battling to make the game more accessible for all races Rugby is still mainly popular with whites , despite attempts to bring in quotas
CNN  -- Just imagine . What if the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's spirit could appear and whisper his counsel to President Obama ? The visit 's timing could not be more opportune . Today , we face the country 's worst economic crisis since the Depression , poverty continues to grow at home and abroad , and wars across the globe are leaving a wake of death and destruction for generations to come . Notwithstanding America 's racial progress -- most viscerally witnessed by Obama himself -- King 's dream remains far from realized . King spoke some of the most mellifluous speeches of his era . So does Obama . But King could advise Obama on transforming that uplifting rhetoric into a long-term grassroots effort . Beyond King 's great speeches was a decades-long movement that was complex , sophisticated , forward-looking and greater than the man himself . When we forget King 's coalition -- both in the breadth of change it demanded and in the thousands of faces and hearts dedicated to the cause -- we reduce the civil rights movement , from which we still have much to learn , into a warm and fuzzy version of the King mythology . King 's spirit , no doubt , would advise Obama to press for the public option in the health care bill . "  Of all the forms of inequality , injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane , " King declared in 1966 . The public option sharply reduces injustices in health care by offering millions of the beleaguered and the downtrodden a more transparent , accountable and affordable coverage option than the abusive , helter-skelter and often monopolistic practices rampant in the private market . Two years after King 's remarks , the year he was assassinated , he launched his Poor People 's Campaign , "  a multiracial army of the poor , " that marched on Washington to demand an Economic Bill of Rights from Congress . King 's Economic Bill of Rights called for effective government jobs programs to rebuild America 's cities . He saw a crying need to confront a Congress that had demonstrated its "  hostility to the poor , " appropriating "  military funds with alacrity and generosity " but providing "  poverty funds with miserliness . " His vision was for change that was more revolutionary than mere reform : a "  reconstruction of society itself " to redress the deep-rooted problems of racism , poverty and military conflict . This is the moment to realize that vision . Americans are at a crucial juncture when we are fundamentally redefining our country 's future at home and abroad . King would counsel Obama on how to minimize economic inequality , to boost the employment prospects of those living in marginalized communities , to increase citizens ' savings , to encourage asset building and even to resolve peacefully our two wars . The enormity and uncertainty haunting this recession raises important questions that King 's spirit could address . What is the impact on unemployed and low-income Americans ? Will the fear of projected budget deficits force government spending choices that worsen poverty or that are racially loaded , in their stinginess toward cities ? Like King , Obama recognizes that government is n't the principal solution to unemployment and poverty , but rather a buffer from hardship and a catalyst for opportunity . Here , the spirit and his pupil would evidently agree . But they could further discuss what role private business must play to help rectify this mess . The failures of Enron , Lehman Brothers , AIG and Merrill Lynch -- in addition to the Wall Street bailout -- illustrate the devastation that a culture of greed , corruption and governmental negligence can exact on ordinary Americans . What specific incentives and penalties can force the private sector to act more responsibly ? Unchecked free market capitalism , King maintained , can not guarantee the basic conditions necessary for ordinary people to earn a living , to acquire health care or to build wealth . Although private industry has a forceful influence on the underpinnings of American life , that power should not dictate our political and economic well-being . In other words , King to Obama : Society should lead capital , not vice versa . This week , America gets to pat itself on the back for living on the right side of history , racially speaking . Obama 's presidency is a glorious manifestation of King 's spirit . We are not in a post-racial era , but Obama 's cool judgment smoothly blunts the pessimism and ill will -- from those on the left and right -- who thrive on racial conflict . To his credit , our brilliant , cunning president truly understands that multiracial America needs more unflinching self-examination and less empty racial bickering . This week 's special school lesson plans , newscasts and public ceremonies honoring the slain civil rights hero , and the 44th president 's first anniversary in office , will be full of praise and rhetoric . But if only the ghost of King could glide into the Oval Office and urge Obama to take decisive , bold action , and to dodge the status quo behavior favored by power brokers in Washington and on Wall Street . If only the ghost of King could coax Obama to join the ranks of historically transformative leaders , including Franklin D. Roosevelt , who galvanized movements , who put pressure on themselves , Congress and the public to improve our politics and economy profoundly for decades to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rich Benjamin .	Rich Benjamin : King would urge President Obama to transform rhetoric into grassroots action Benjamin : King 's great speeches led a forward-looking movement that still affects society King 's spirit would urge Obama to rid U.S. of racism , poverty and military conflict , Benjamin says Benjamin : King would coax Obama to become a historically transformative leader
Washington  CNN  -- Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday it would be an "  important step " if Syria immediately surrendered its chemical weapons stockpiles to international control . "  But this can not be another excuse for delay or obstruction . And Russia has to support the international community 's efforts sincerely or be held to account , " she said . A potential Democratic contender for president in 2016 who left the State Department in January , Clinton received questions and some criticism for not speaking out immediately after chemical weapons were allegedly used by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad last month . CNN Poll : Most Americans against U.S. strike on Syria An aide said last week that she supported Obama 's decision to seek congressional authorization to punish Syria militarily , but she had not publicly weighed in until her appearance at the White House on Monday . Her comments came during an address on wildlife trafficking and followed a meeting with Obama . She adhered to the White House line on Russia 's proposal earlier in the day that Syria relinquish chemical weapons to international control to avert a possible U.S. military strike , which Obama is trying to get Congress to approve . Syria welcomed the proposal , paving the way for a possible diplomatic solution to the crisis that comes amid a two-year civil war in Syria that has killed more than 100,000 people , according to U.N. estimates . Clinton 's successor , Secretary of State John Kerry , discussed a similar scenario , though the State Department stressed that al-Assad could not be trusted to give up his country 's chemical stockpiles . And just moments before Clinton 's remarks , White House spokesman Jay Carney said the "  credible threat " of a U.S. military attack on Syria led to the Russian proposal . But he said any such plan would require close evaluation and that Washington remained "  highly skeptical " of the Syrian regime . Clinton said Syria 's alleged use of chemical weapons "  violates a universal norm at the heart of our global order " and "  demands a strong response " from the world led by the United States . House of Assad ' survives on loyalty , brutality "  This world will have to deal with this threat as swiftly and comprehensively as possible , " she said . Clinton did not say whether military action , as proposed by Obama , would be the best course . But she emphasized she will support the president and argued a "  political solution that ends the conflict is in the interested of the United States . " She reiterated the White House 's notion that Russia 's proposal could have only taken place "  in the context of a credible military threat by the United States to keep pressure on the Syrian government . " Behind the scenes , Clinton worked the phones for Obama , who is trying to convince Congress to go along with his plan for a limited , targeted military response . Clinton , a former senator , called Arkansas Sen. Mark Pryor over the weekend , a source familiar with the call confirmed to CNN . But Pryor had already made up his mind to vote against military action and announced his decision on Saturday . The source would not speak on the record because the phone call was private . A separate source familiar with the call confirmed Clinton also called Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , over the weekend . He already supported military authorization when the call took place . Clinton will likely repeat her White House comments during a speech Tuesday night at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia , a Clinton source told CNN . In addition to pushing for diplomatic efforts to remove al-Assad from power , Clinton backed a proposal last year to provide weapons to Syrian rebels when she served as secretary of state . Clinton also issued warnings in January shortly before leaving office about Iran 's involvement in Syria , saying the country was providing al-Assad 's regime with military supplies . She urged Iran , as well as Russia , to reconsider their aid to the war-torn country . As Obama 's top diplomat during his first term , Clinton was automatically associated with the administration 's response to the Syrian civil war until she stepped down early this year . And she 's faced some criticism for that response as debates over Syria heat up in Washington . "  Had President Obama and then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton acted then in support of pro-democracy forces when that rebellion was taking place , we could have removed Assad and helped usher in stability for that country , " former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum said in a statement last week . "  But we have a very different situation today . After nearly two years , 100,000 people killed , a rebel force comprised of al Qaeda and a Syrian regime in a much stronger position , a military strike would no longer be in our national security interest , " the former Pennsylvania lawmaker said . Santorum is considered a potential candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . Before leaving the State Department , Clinton defended her role in the situation . "  I 've done what was possible to do , " she told reporters . Kevin Bohn , Catherine E. Shoichet , Jessica Yellin and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Clinton says a "  credible military threat " keeps pressure on Syria She says it "  would be an important step " if Syria hands over chemical weapons control She has been criticized for not speaking out about the situation earlier NEW : Clinton helps Obama in outreach to senators on military authorization
CNN  -- There is an opening scene in Hollywood blockbuster "  Titanic " when an alien-like submarine plunges to the darkest depths of the ocean . "  Seeing her coming out of the water like a ghost ship -- still gets me every time , " murmurs treasure hunter Brock Lockett , gazing in awe at the sunken ship from his luminous capsule . More than 15 years after director James Cameron made his Oscar-winning film , it was his turn to scour the deep sea in a high-tech pod . But unlike his "  Titanic " fictional character Lockett , Cameron was n't in search of a sunken diamond -- instead he was gathering scientific data which could revolutionize our understanding of both deep sea creatures and earthquakes . Last year , the 57-year-old Canadian director of box office hits "  Avatar "  and "  Terminator " series , became the first person to reach the deepest point of the ocean solo . Cameron 's remarkable journey 11-kilometers below the water in a seven-meter long sub , was part of a National Geographic fact-finding mission more than a year in the making . Predicting earthquakes In a special interview with CNN , the filmmaker revealed the expedition could one day help scientists predict deep sea earthquakes -- and their devastating tsunamis . "  Building technology vehicles like the DeepSea Challenger to get down there , is a first step to planting large instruments which could allow us to survey seismic activity , " explained Cameron . "  Ultimately it could lead to some predictive modeling which tells us ` look we 've got pressure building up here , maybe this could be a tsunami in the Pacific rim , get ready , brace yourselves . " Dig deep Cameron admitted we 're still some way off predicting earthquakes , but until now we did n't have the technology to fully explore such depths as the Mariana Trench -- the deepest point in the ocean . The great chasm , located off the coast of Guam in the Pacific Ocean , is more than a mile deeper than Mount Everest is tall , and a whopping 120 times larger than the Grand Canyon . Cameron is just the third person to reach the Mariana Trench , since oceanographers Don Walsh and Jacques Piccard in 1960 , and the only person to do so solo . He spent more than three hours exploring the ocean floor -- far longer than the 20 minutes Walsh and Jacques did in their huge blimp-like submersible 53 years ago . "  Before now , there was so little access to these deep trenches which , if you add them all together , constitute an area the size of North America , " said Cameron . "  We simply did n't have vehicles that could function at that depth because of the extreme pressure , so the DeepSea Challenger represents a new generation of vehicles that will open up that frontier . " Alien life But the ground-breaking expedition was n't just a leap into the unknown -- the team also discovered dozens of species of marine life , some with mysterious cases of gigantism . "  We found 68 new species -- including around 60 new bacterial species never seen by science before , " said Cameron . "  We also found examples of gigantism , which is as yet unexplained . Now do n't imagine something 30 feet long , but if you have an animal that 's normally a centimeter long suddenly appearing 10 or 20 times its normal size , how do you explain that ? " Small sub , big dreams Cocooned in his lime green sub , in a world so deep under water that the sunlight does n't penetrate and the pressure can be a thousand times that on land , Cameron admitted feeling "  like a walnut in his shell . " The 12-ton pod , designed by Cameron and his team of engineers , was made from a super-strong glass foam material able to withstand the immense pressure which shrunk it by three inches . Unlike Walsh and Piccard 's 18-meter sub , which five decades ago was not equipped to take photos , today 's cutting-edge DeepSea Challenger was armed with multiple cameras and a mechanical arm for scooping up rock and animal samples . Future generations Back on dry land , the DeepSea Challenger will now tour schools across the U.S. as it winds its way to its final home at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts . "  It 's turned into this cross-country adventure for the sub and I believe that we 'll be able to inspire young minds to want to pursue a career in engineering , maths , science , and exploration , " said Cameron . The Canadian , who has made 72 deep sea dives , including 33 to the actual sunken "  Titanic , " added that the government should be investing more in ocean research . "  There 's always been a huge imbalance in the funds going into space exploration , and I do n't begrudge that because I like exploration , but we definitely are underfunded in ocean science right now , " he said . Fearless filmmaker Cameron 's next challenge however will not be on the ocean floor , but creating the second and third installments of his 2009 film "  Avatar " -- the highest grossing movie of all time . Much like plummeting to the darkest depths of the sea , filmmaking presents its own pressure . As the three-time Academy Award winner said : "  I 'd much rather deal with the physical threats of deep sea ocean diving or the potential failures of engineering , than I would the fickleness of an audience . "	"  Titanic " director James Cameron only person to reach deepest point of ocean solo Hunched over in futuristic 7 meter pod , Cameron explores ocean floor on research mission Expedition could help predict deep sea earthquakes , which cause tsunamis Discovered 68 new species of marine life never seen by scientists
If you 're following the news about ISIS , which now calls itself the Islamic State , you might think you 've mistakenly clicked on a historical story about barbarians from millennia ago . In a matter of months , the group seized territory in both Iraq and Syria and declared an Islamic caliphate , celebrating its own shocking slaughter along the way . "  I do n't see any attention from the rest of the world , " a member of the Yazidi minority in Iraq told the New Yorker . "  In one day , they killed more than two thousand Yazidi in Sinjar , and the whole world says , ` Save Gaza , save Gaza . ' " In Syria , the group hoisted some of its victims severed heads on poles . One of the latest videos of the savagery shows a Christian man forced to his knees , surrounded by masked militants , identified in the video as members of ISIS . They force the man at gunpoint to "  convert " to Islam . Then , the group beheads him . ISIS has targeted members of numerous minority groups in the region , including Christian nuns , Turkmen and Shabaks , according to Human Rights Watch . France called Thursday for an emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council . Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said his country is "  highly concerned about the latest progress of ISIS in the north of Iraq and by the taking of Qaraqosh , the largest Christian city of Iraq , and the horrible acts of violence that are committed . " The United States is considering emergency air drops to help thousands of stranded Yazidis , a U.S. Defense official told CNN . The department also is weighing "  other military options , " a senior State Department official said . Asked about the possibility of U.S. airstrikes , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Thursday he was "  not in a position to rule things on the table or off the table . " Earlier this week , ISIS fighters tried to seize control of Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam , but Kurdish forces fended them off , the dam 's director said . "  If ` IS ' manages to consolidate its territory and preserve its legitimacy , an offensive jihad against all other countries will then be considered viable , " Jonathan Russell of Qulliam , a think tank formed to combat extremism , wrote on CNN.com . "  Al Qaeda will now want to challenge ISIS 's appropriation of its key objectives and tactics . The only way for al Qaeda to stay relevant now is through a violent and spectacular attack . Although ISIS may eventually be a victim of its own success , the real victims will be the thousands of innocent Muslims and non-Muslims caught in the crossfire of this millennarian struggle . " Pope leads call for action As the tales of horror trickle out from areas ISIS controls -- including Mosul , Iraq 's largest city -- a growing chorus of voices is calling on the world to act . The most prominent is Pope Francis . "  The Holy Father follows with strong concern the dramatic news from the north of Iraq , concerning defenseless populations , " the Vatican said in a statement Thursday . "  Particularly struck have been the Christian communities , a people fleeing from their own villages due to the violence that in these days is raging and overwhelming the region . " "  Dear brothers and sisters so persecuted , I know how much you are suffering and I know that everything has been taken from you . I am with you in faith , and with Him that has conquered evil , " the Pope said recently during the Angelus prayer . "  His Holiness also sends an urgent appeal to the international community , in order that they may work towards ending the humanitarian crisis and protecting those who are affected or threatened by violence , and to ensure necessary aid , especially that which is most urgently needed by so many homeless , whose fate is solely dependent on the solidarity of others , " the Vatican said . "  An entire religion is being exterminated from the face of the Earth . " Vian Dakhil , a Yazidi , said in an appeal to the Iraqi parliament . She called it a "  genocide . " Yazidis , among Iraq 's smallest minorities , are of Kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism . Analysts : West must arm Kurds "  The world now faces two urgent challenges : to prevent the genocide of the Yazidis and to stop ISIS from continuing to conquer swaths of the Middle East , " global affairs columnist Frida Ghitis wrote on CNN.com . "  Bombing ISIS positions would help save the Yazidis , but supporting the Kurds is key to success on both counts . " The Iraqi Kurdish army , known as the Peshmerga , has fought ISIS but is "  outgunned , " partly because the Iraqi army dropped its weapons "  and fled when ISIS rolled in from Syria and captured Mosul , " Ghitis says . Ghitis wants the United States to help arm the Kurds against ISIS . The United States has been reluctant to do so , wary that the Kurds will try to break off from Iraq and build a separate state at a time Washingon is trying to bolster a central Iraqi government in Baghdad . "  If the U.S. decided to help the Kurds , there would be no guarantee that the Kurds would n't later use those weapons to further their own interests , " Dexter Filkins writes in the New Yorker . "  But what other choice is there ? " Filkins notes that Iraq has begun air strikes aimed at helping the Kurds -- but , he says , "  the Iraqi Army has proved itself utterly ineffectual in combating ISIS . " On Wednesday , the Iraqi air force struck a building Mosul believed to be used by ISIS , killing 76 people , an Iraqi official told CNN . But local officials said dozens of those killed were actually civilians who had opposed the Islamic State . Meanwhile , Iraq 's Badr Brigade Shiit militia is is training women to join men in protecting Baghdad if the Islamic State works its way to the capital . Masrour Barzani , Kurdish intelligence and security chief , called for direct military assistance from the United States in an interview with the Washington Post . "  We 've got to help our allies to defend themselves , " says David Schenker , head of the Washington Institute 's Program on Arab Politics , another voice in support of arming Kurds . "  The other half of that equation is working with the moderate Syrian opposition -- providing them with robust capabilities against the regime and ISIS . " Analyst : Build a U.S. base Michael Rubin , a former Pentagon official who focuses on Arab politics and terrorism , disagrees on both fronts . At this point , "  the definition of ` moderate ' in Syria is ` not engaging in cannibalism , ' " he says . "  If we did not know about two Chechen brothers in Boston before they carried out the Marathon bombings , how could we know whom to trust within Syria ? " It 's too late to arm moderates as a means of curbing the violence in Syria , says Rubin , who is now with the conservative American Enterprise Institute . And among Kurds in Iraq , there 's a danger : "  Kurdish leadership is just as permeated by , and just as close in terms of a working relationship with , the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps " -- Iran 's elite force . "  In the past , the Kurds have leaked intelligence to the Iranians -- and they could presumably leak weaponry . " The Peshmerga is also not as competent as its popular image suggests Rubin says . He wants the United States to accept an offer from the Massoud Barzani , head of the Kurdistan Regional Government , to set up a base in Kurdistan . "  It would kill two birds with one stone , " he says . The United States could base drones or manned aircraft in the region to be used in the fight against ISIS , and the U.S. presence would help cut through some of the Iranian influence . The Iraqi government would n't like it , "  but at this point , it 's the lesser concern , " Rubin says . "  We could mitigate this with a request to Baghdad to approve . Baghdad has more to lose by not blessing this especially if we go ahead anyway . " But Earnest , the White House spokesman , said Thursday that President Barack Obama has made clear "  there are no American military solutions to the problems in Iraq . We ca n't solve these problems for them . These problems can only be solved with Iraqi political solutions . " He added that Obama has "  demonstrated his clear willingness to take the kind of military action that 's required to protect core American interests , " including personnel around the globe . But any U.S. military action in Iraq would not include boots on the ground , Earnest said . ISIS 's cruelty could be its downfall But the West may have reason to take no immediate action , says Fahad Nazer , terrorism analyst with JTG Inc. . "  Unlike other al Qaeda branches , ISIS does n't seem eager to attack the West . It has too much to lose , " he writes on CNN.com . "  While the West has never been comfortable with Hamas in Gaza or Hezbollah in Lebanon , it has largely left it up to the countries of the wider Middle East to deal with these militant , Islamist organizations , " he writes . Also , "  The West may find solace in the fact that ISIS has many enemies in the Arab and Muslim worlds , " Nazer writes . And with so many groups suffering from its persecution and terror , such "  violent ideology and brutality makes its endurance over the long-term unlikely . " The West could work with populations in the region to stand up against terrorism as it did with the Iraq Awakening Councils who turned against al Qaeda in 2006 , says Schenker . There 's also the possibility that al Qaeda and ISIS will fight each other so heavily that they inflict casualties and weaken each other . But the risks of inaction by the West in the immediate future may be too great , says Schenker . "  ISIS digging in consolidating gains , " he says , "  will make it much more difficult to combat in the long run . " "  Several Obama administration officials have told us that our national security is at risk from ISIS , " adds Elliott Abrams , who served as deputy national security adviser under President George W. Bush . Abrams supports arming Kurds and says the United States should be willing to use its military power as well . "  Otherwise , " says Abrams , who is now with the Council on Foreign Relations , "  What is the Obama message : there are huge risks , but we 'll just watch for a while ? " What chance do Yazidis have against group too brutal for al Qaeda ?	The White House does not say whether air strikes are an option "  What 's the Obama message ? " a former national security official asks Pope sends "  urgent appeal " to end the crisis Video shows militants force a Christian to convert to Islam , then behead him
CNN  -- If a full-fledged war erupts , Ukraine 's military would be dwarfed by its neighbor to the north . As of last month , Russian armed forces numbered 774,500 versus 139,000 for Ukraine , according to Jane 's Information Group . And Russia 's defense budget -- $ 78 billion in 2012 -- dwarfs that of Ukraine -- $ 1.6 billion in 2012 , according to Jane 's Defence Weekly . An article published in June 2011 cited a military expert 's prediction that Ukraine would find itself in a "  defensive vacuum " for a decade if investment were to remain unchanged . Valentin Badrak , director of the Ukrainian Center for Army , Conversion and Disarmament Studies , was quoted in the Nezavisimaya Gazeta newspaper -- cited by Jane 's -- as saying that programs for developing the Ukrainian Armed Forces were "  at a zero level . " The government , pointing to a 2010 study , said there was no need for a big army because Ukraine 's primary threats came not from the outside but from internal political destabilization . According to the CIA World Factbook , Ukraine has 15.7 million males and females ages 16-49 fit for military service . Compare that with 45.6 million Russians of similar age who are fit for military service . Those figures may have been on the mind of Ukraine 's acting defense minister , Ihor Tenyuh , on Sunday . He told a closed session of parliament then that Ukraine does not have the military force to resist Russia , according to two parliamentary members present at the meeting . He called for diplomacy to resolve the crisis with Russia , they said . Journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev , Ukraine , contributed to this report .	Russia 's armed forces number 774,500 ; Ukraine has just 139,000 , a report says Acting defense minister said to believe Ukraine does n't have the military force to prevail Ukraine 's government has seen its main threats as internal destabilization
CNN  -- When a group halfway around the world , without setting foot on American soil , can claim responsibility for preventing a man in Wichita , Kansas , or a woman in Shreveport , Louisiana , from gaining online access to his or her own money in the local bank , it would seem to be a pretty big deal . Something to worry about . That is allegedly what happened in recent weeks , as six big U.S. banks had their websites jammed , one after another , preventing their customers from logging on to their personal or business accounts , and from paying bills online . The banks affected were Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup , U.S. Bank , Wells Fargo and PNC . A hacker group , saying it was based in the Middle East , asserted it was behind the cyberattacks ; it remains uncertain whether they , or someone else , carried out the attacks . And , last week , Politico reported : "  White House Press Secretary Jay Carney downplayed a report that Chinese hackers had infiltrated a secure national security network used to control nuclear codes , saying the perpetrators breached an ` unclassified ' system . "  There is ` no indication whatsoever that exfiltration of data ' occurred , he told reporters ... Such attacks , he added , ` are not infrequent . ' " Any time the prefix "  cyber " appears in front of another word -- cybercrime ; cyberterrorism ; cyberwarfare -- it can have the effect of making the concept seem slightly less substantial . It 's sort of like when the word "  virtual " precedes a standard-issue noun : virtual reality is not reality ; a virtual store is distinct from a brick-and-mortar operation . Opinion : Smartphone of the future will be in your brain But as we live more and more of our lives online , and as basic needs such as electricity , water supply , transportation and communication depend increasingly on digital commands , the distinction is rapidly disappearing . Disrupt the digital world and you disrupt real lives -- you throw daily existence into uncharted territory . After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , we were told that there had been ample warning signs that went unheeded . If there ever is a concerted and darkly effective cyberattack on the United States -- one that robs millions of people of baseline necessities -- we wo n't be able to say that no one told us this might someday happen . We have been told , for years . In 1997 , according to a report in the New York Times that year , a White House commission found that the U.S. was vulnerable to computer-based attacks "  upon crucial industries like electrical power , telecommunications , transportation and significant centers of the economy . " The concern appeared to be shared by people on both sides of the political aisle . At a 2004 Senate subcommittee session , Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California said : "  We do n't take cyberterrorism as seriously as we should . A terrorist could theoretically use a computer to open up floodgates of a dam , disrupt the operations of an aircraft control tower or shut down the New York Stock Exchange . " Republican Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona , at the same hearing , said : "  We 've seen reports that al Qaeda has explored the possibility of damaging some of our key computer systems , seeking to cripple electric power grids , transportation systems , even financial institutions . Just imagine what chaos would result if a cyberattack were coordinated with a more conventional strike , such as bombing a highly populated area and then tampering with emergency systems to thwart hospitals and first responders caring for wounded civilians . " Opinion : Bias in science holds women back FBI Director Robert S. Mueller , at a speech in San Francisco earlier this year , said : "  State-sponsored hackers are patient and calculating . They have the time , the money and the resources to burrow in , and to wait . They may come and go , conducting reconnaissance and exfiltrating bits of seemingly innocuous information -- information that in the aggregate may be of high value . " The Department of Homeland Security operates programs that include the National Cyber Alert System , the National Cyber Response Coordination Group and a security exercise known as Cyber Storm . Yet with all this , most of us -- as thoroughly as we have come to depend upon digital technology -- do n't have much of an idea about how it really works . If your car wo n't start , you may feel qualified to pop open the hood and try to figure out how to fix it ; if your lights go out , you probably know where the fuse box is . Digital outages are more mysterious ; when systems go dead , there is a feeling of low-grade helplessness , but usually the confidence that someone , somewhere , is working to bring them back to life . Thus , the specter of some future cyberattack is troubling precisely because most of us have little sense of how we would individually combat such an incident . Even the terminology is open to dispute . The other afternoon I reached Internet security expert Bruce Schneier in London , where he was attending a conference . I knew he was skeptical about what he considers the inflation of language surrounding computer-based threats , especially terms like "  cyber warfare . " Opinion : Dangerous new world of drones "  War is bombs dropping on you , " he told me . "  War is tanks in your city . War is not your computer being hacked . In any war , there will be a cyberspace component . Wars are fought on all fronts . And cybercrime -- crime -- happens a lot . But that is not war . " Still , as the New York Times reported from Aspen , Colorado , over the summer : "  The top American military official responsible for defending the United States against cyberattacks said Thursday that there had been a 17-fold increase in computer attacks on American infrastructure between 2009 and 2011 , initiated by criminal gangs , hackers and other nations . "  The assessment by Gen. Keith B. Alexander , who heads the National Security Agency and also the newly created United States Cyber Command , appears to be the government 's first official acknowledgment of the pace at which America 's electricity grids , water supplies , computer and cellphone networks and other infrastructure are coming under attack . " Meanwhile , there 's the matter of those six major banks , and the customers who could n't log on to get to their money . It may all be cyber , but it 's starting to feel kind of real . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Six banks apparently were hacked recently , cutting customer access to money He says for many "  cyber " is like "  virtual " -- intangible , not real . More and more , that 's not true He says as aspects of our lives bound to digital world , we 're vulnerable to cybercrime Greene : Officials agree we 're inadequately protected , and cyberattacks are up . It 's real
Two days after an international pact was brokered with the stated goal of easing tensions in Ukraine , the major players met again in Kiev to hash out plans to push it along . While there was little indication of what , if any , progress was made Saturday in defusing tensions , all sides agreed to allow a 57-nation organization with a history of stepping in to mediate crises to moderate talks . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe said in a statement it planned to send its deputy chief monitor to eastern Ukraine to help implement an international pact reached among Russia , Ukraine and its Western allies in Geneva earlier this week . "  In this regard the meeting 's participants recognized the need to take immediate concrete steps towards de-escalation , " according to the OSCE statement . The OSCE says the Ukrainian government has already taken steps to do this . OSCE also said the participants in Saturday 's meeting in Kiev also agreed "  to meet regularly " as they work to resolve the continuing unrest in some eastern Ukrainian cities . Donetsk separatists stand their ground Meanwhile , Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine did not agree to the Geneva Statement , and in defiance of the international deal , have dug in their heels . But they have not seized any new buildings or infrastructure sites since the deal was signed . However , in Donetsk and other cities , they have refused to leave the buildings they do occupy or to lay down their arms . A key element of the Geneva pact calls for them to vacate the buildings and disarm in exchange for amnesty . The separatists ' self-declared leader , Denis Pushilin , who leads a group called the Donetsk People 's Republic , says the separatists did not sign the deal . Pushilin said Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , who signed the deal , was not acting on his behalf . "  He signed on behalf of the Russian Federation . " Pushilin has called for a referendum by May 11 on the separation of eastern Ukraine from the country as a whole . Such a move could prove popular among Ukrainians who view the country 's interim authorities as illegitimate . The current government took power in February after the ouster of pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych . Putin says Russia wo n't back down under threat of U.S. sanctions The Geneva Statement has not stopped the war of words between Russia and Western powers . The U.S. has accused Russia of fomenting instability in Ukraine and has imposed sanctions on some Russian officials . The West has repeatedly called on Russia to withdraw some 40,000 troops that NATO says it has massed near Ukraine 's border . Moscow insists they are there for military exercises . In an interview posted on Russia 's state-owned Rossiya 1 website , President Vladimir Putin said he wo n't give in to Western demands . But on Saturday Putin said he saw no reason why relations between East and West should n't return to normal , according to state news agency ITAR-Tass . "  This does not depend on us . Or not on us only . This depends on our counterparts , " he is quoted as saying . "  I believe there is nothing preventing  the  improvement of relations and ... normal cooperation . " U.S. military exercises in eastern Europe The diplomatic back-and-forth came amid word from a Western official that U.S. troops will take part in military exercises Eastern Europe . The official , with direct knowledge of the plan , said the exercises will take place in coming weeks in Poland and Estonia . Both countries are U.S. allies and share a border with Russia . Officials in Poland and Estonia have both expressed concern over recent Russian military movements and actions in and around Ukraine . Putin aims to reward Russian troops for Crimea The Russian government has plans to reward the nation 's troops who took part in the annexation of Crimea last month . Putin announced those intentions during an interview that aired on Russian state TV Saturday . "  I do n't think we will know  those who participated in that mission  in the near future , but government awards will certainly follow . "	Little progress in a meeting in Kiev Saturday to ease tensions in eastern Ukraine Separatists in Eastern Ukraine ignore international deal Putin says he wo n't give in over to Western demands U.S. to take part in military exercises in Poland and Estonia
CNN  -- The disputed head of the Ivory Coast will not step down , one of his key ministers said Saturday , despite the threat by West African leaders to use military force to force him out . A day earlier , a statement from the 15-member Economic Community of West African States said its 15 members would not hesitate to use "  legitimate force " if necessary to defuse an escalating crisis in the Ivory Coast . But Alcide Djedje , the foreign affairs minister for incumbent president Laurent Gbagbo , on Saturday dismissed the threat as part of a Western plot spearheaded by France . He said that his regime views the prospect of outside military action unlikely , claiming that the West African group 's members would be reluctant to send soldiers into the Ivory Coast . The organization 's move was the latest to isolate Gbagbo , amid sweeping international sentiment that he is not the Ivory Coast 's rightfully elected leader and that his forces have perpetrated human rights abuses against his opponents . The United Nations , African Union , European Union and numerous individual nations have called for Gbagbo to step down , with many also calling out his regime for its actions against political foes in the past week that have reportedly killed scores of people . Still , the call from the Economic Community was especially significant , given that the Ivory Coast is a member and its mention of possible military action . "  In the event that Mr. Gbagbo fails to heed this immutable demand of ECOWAS , the Community would be left with no alternative but to take other measures , including the use of legitimate force , to achieve the goals of the Ivorian people , " the group said in a statement following an emergency meeting Friday in Abuja , Nigeria . Under the leadership of Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , the regional bloc will coordinate , "  without delay , " a meeting of defense ministers from member countries "  to plan future actions , including the provision of security along the Cote d'Ivoire-Liberia border , " the statement said . This back-and-forth comes as the security situation in the Ivory Coast continues to deteriorate . The United Nations refugee agency said Saturday that about 14,000 Ivory Coast residents escaping that country have fled to eastern Liberia , some walking hours if not days before boarding barges on rivers bordering the West African nation . A few deaths have been reported among the refugees , including a child who drowned while crossing the Cestos River into Butuo . In some locales without ambulances , U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees vehicles are being used to take people out to get medical care . "  Some are arriving with severely swollen feet , ... some families said they had walked three to four days through the bush with little food , " the U.N. agency said in a statement . A spokesman for Alassane Ouattara , widely recognized as the Ivory Coast 's legitimate leader following a November 28 run-off election , accused Gbagbo of defying democratic ideals and instead embarking on new era of violence . Spokesman Patrick Achi said Friday that Ouattara hopes the West African leaders will be able to help end the turmoil . Meanwhile , the Dutch Defense Ministry said on Friday that at the request of France , it had dispatched one of its ships to the Ivory Coast to help evacuate European citizens in case the situation worsens . And U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said earlier this week that the United States and other countries were discussing with African nations the possibility of augmenting the existing U.N. force in the Ivory Coast . However , he said it was unclear what a U.S. contribution could look like -- forces of logistical support or something more indirect were among the options . The African Union has suspended the Ivory Coast from the organization "  until such a time the democratically elected president effectively assumes state power . " The World Bank has halted lending and disbursing funds to Ivory Coast and has closed its office in the country . On Friday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon welcomed the decision of the U.N. General Assembly to recognize Ouattara as the winner of the disputed Ivory Coast election . "  This important decision reflects the united position of the international community with respect to the legitimacy of the new government led by President Ouattara , " a spokesman for the secretary-general said in a written statement . Kyung-wha Kang , the U.N. deputy high commissioner for human rights , has said that between December 16 and Tuesday , human rights officers had "  substantiated allegations of 173 killings , 90 instances of torture and ill treatment , 471 arrests and detentions and 24 cases of enforced or involuntary disappearances . " She added that the actual numbers may be much higher because "  it has been impossible to investigate all the allegations of serious human rights violations , including reports of mass graves , due to restrictions on movement by U.N. personnel . " While acknowledging "  the situation is very , very difficult to live " in , Charles Ble Goude -- the nation 's youth minister under Gbagbo -- said Thursday the government is "  dealing with that . " He said "  the U.N. report is not correct , " especially in its fingering fellow Gbagbo backers as being to blame for the recent violence . Instead , he accused Ouattara 's supporters of using weapons at what had been billed as peaceful rallies to attack soldiers . After last month 's election , the country 's Independent Electoral Commission named Ouattara the winner . But its Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared that Gbagbo won . Goude said that he and others in Gbagbo 's circle could n't accept the electoral commission picking Ouattara , noting that it announced its decision in a hotel that was also being used as Ouattara 's headquarters . While stressing a desire for talks on the issue , he said there is no intention for Gbagbo to forfeit a seat that he believes is rightfully his . "  Why do you want someone who won an election to step down ? " Goude asked . "  The president has been elected . "	The Ivory Coast 's Laurent Gbagbo will not step down , his foreign minister says The official dismisses as unlikely a threat by West African leaders to use force against Gbagbo On Friday , that group said it may have "  no alternative " but to use "  legitimate force " The international community has called Gbagbo illegitimate and accused his forces of abuses
CNN  -- CNN Legal Analyst Danny Cevallos recently highlighted a fact that few in the United States are even aware of : Tens of thousands of Americans who hold U.S. passports are denied legal recognition as U.S. citizens . The reason ? They happen to be born in the U.S. territory of American Samoa instead of somewhere else in the United States . Cevallos gets the basic unfairness of it all right : "  The United States laid claim to these eastern islands of a South Pacific archipelago in 1900 , and since that time , American Samoans have served in the U.S. military , including the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . " But his conclusion that "  citizenship for them is not a constitutional right " because "  only Congress can choose to grant citizenship to territorial inhabitants " rests on an assumption that has no basis in the Constitution or any decision by the U.S. Supreme Court . It is easy to see where this assumption comes from . After the United States acquired Puerto Rico and other territories in 1898 after the Spanish-American War , the Supreme Court decided a series of deeply divided and controversial cases known as the Insular Cases . While none of these cases addressed constitutional issues relating to citizenship , Justice Henry Billings Brown wrote an opinion in Downes v. Bidwell that suggested , in passing , that citizenship was not a fundamental right in these newly acquired areas , which were populated by what he called "  alien races . " Although his opinion was not joined by a single other justice , it was good enough for those in Congress who thought birthright citizenship was not such a great idea for the inhabitants of these areas , who did not look like or speak like them . The assumption that Congress controls citizenship in overseas territories has survived since , but not without disagreement in the lower courts . Leneuoti Tuaua , the Samoan Federation of America , and several others born in American Samoa are challenging this faulty assumption in a federal lawsuit pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit . They argue that so long as American Samoa is under the U.S. flag , with American Samoa 's sons and daughters fighting and dying to defend that flag , the U.S. Constitution guarantees them birthright citizenship , regardless of what Congress has said . What does the Constitution itself say ? The Citizenship Clause of the 14th Amendment -- part of the Constitution since 1868 -- states that "  All persons born ... in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States . " The great Chief Justice John Marshall explained decades earlier that the Constitution used the phrase "  the United States " as "  the name given to our great republic , which is composed of states and territories . " It is no surprise then that those who drafted the Citizenship Clause understood its guarantees to extend to U.S. territories , explaining that "  the first section  of the 14th Amendment  refers to persons everywhere , whether in the states or in the territories or in the District of Columbia . " Just four years after the Citizenship Clause was ratified , the Supreme Court stated that the clause "  put to rest " the notion that "  those ... who had been born and resided always in the District of Columbia or in the territories , though within the United States , were not citizens . " This original understanding makes sense . The 14th Amendment was intended to overturn the Supreme Court 's infamous Dred Scott decision and put the question of citizenship by birth on all U.S. soil beyond Congress ' power to deny . In 1868 , nearly half of all land in the United States was in a U.S. territory . An amendment that failed to guarantee citizenship in U.S. territories would not have been much of an amendment at all . Birthright citizenship remains a hotly debated topic . But there is a remarkable cross-ideological consensus among legal scholars about what exactly the Constitution guarantees when it comes to birthright citizenship . Former U.S. Solicitor General Ted Olson , who represented President Bush in Bush v. Gore , and Harvard Law Professor Laurence Tribe , a renowned liberal scholar , argued in a 2008 joint memo that Sen. John McCain was eligible to run for president based solely on his place of birth : the Panama Canal Zone , a former U.S. territory . Olson and Tribe explained that "  birth on soil that is under the sovereignty of the United States , but not within a state " satisfies the requirement for being a " ` natural born ' citizen , " in light of "  the well-established principle that ` natural born ' citizenship includes birth within the territory and allegiance of the United States . " President Clinton 's Solicitor General Walter Dellinger and former Texas Solicitor General James Ho have echoed similar views on the geographic scope of birthright citizenship . What the Insular Cases mean for U.S. territories today also remains hotly debated . On Wednesday the Harvard Law School is holding a conference titled "  Reconsidering the Insular Cases , " with federal Circuit Judge Juan Torruella delivering the keynote address "  The Insular Cases : A Declaration of Their Bankruptcy . " Torruella has long compared the Insular Cases to Plessy v. Ferguson , criticizing the Insular Cases as establishing a race-based doctrine of "  separate and unequal " status for residents of overseas U.S. territories . In 2008 , the Supreme Court also expressed skepticism of the idea that Congress has the power to deny constitutional rights in current U.S. territories , stating that "  it may well be that over time the ties between the United States and any of its unincorporated territories strengthen in ways that are of constitutional significance . " The court went on to explain that "  the Constitution grants Congress and the president the power to acquire , dispose of , and govern territory , not the power to decide when and where its terms apply . " Although the Constitution grants Congress broad powers in U.S. territories , one that it clearly withholds is the power to rewrite the 14th Amendment 's guarantee of birthright citizenship . Denying citizenship in American Samoa is not just unfair , it 's unconstitutional . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Neil Weare .	Neil Weare : There 's a compelling legal case for citizenship for American Samoa residents He says the 14th Amendment provides citizenship for all people subject to the U.S. Courts have disagreed on the matter , but Weare 's lawsuit is pending in federal court
CNN  Earlier this month , Shahindokht Molaverdi , Iran 's Vice President for Women and Family Affairs , led an official delegation to the United Nations in New York to attend the 59th session of the Commission on the Status of Women . In her March 11 speech to the commission , Molaverdi said that "  the Islamic Republic of Iran has always had the empowerment of women and improving their status ... on its agenda . " Molaverdi described the significant progress Iranian women have made in education and science , citing unilateral economic sanctions and violence against women as factors that have impeded the full realization of women 's rights . There was little in her speech to suggest that domestic factors -- including Iran 's laws and policies -- play a significant role in depriving Iranian women of real gender equality and empowerment . Unfortunately , Molaverdi 's comments stood in sharp contrast to reality . On the day she delivered her speech , Amnesty International released a report raising concerns about the possible passage of two bills before Iran 's parliament that would further restrict women 's rights . One would prohibit voluntary sterilization as part of the country 's efforts to boost population growth and strengthen the place of what are deemed "  traditional " families in society . The other would "  further entrench gender-based discrimination , particularly against women who choose not to or are unable to marry or have children , " Amnesty said . A day later , the U.N. special rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Iran , Ahmed Shaheed , released his fourth report to the U.N. Human Rights Council describing the dire state of human rights in the country . His report cited the concerns about gender discrimination that Human Rights Watch and others had raised during Iran 's 2014 Universal Periodic Review , a review of every U.N. state 's human rights record every four years by the Human Rights Council . The sobering reality , all too familiar to Molaverdi , is that Iranian women face discrimination in many aspects of their lives , ranging from issues related to marriage , divorce , inheritance and child custody , to restrictions on dress and even access to sports stadiums as spectators . The proposed passage of more restrictive legislation in the name of protecting the family is just the latest step in the rollback on women 's rights in recent years . To many , the discrepancy between what Molaverdi said in her speech , and what women face in Iran , smacked of diplomatic subterfuge . Activists and journalists rightly responded by highlighting the many violations of women 's rights in Iran , and called out Molaverdi for failing to present an accurate and complete picture of the challenges that Iranian women face . Yet there was little acknowledgment by critics of the behind-the-scenes struggle that Molaverdi , who is often an outspoken critic of regressive measures restricting women 's rights at home , and many others are waging every day as they try to carve out much-needed space for Iran 's beleaguered rights activists . Just two days before the U.N. session , Iran 's conservative Kayhan daily , thought to be close to the Office of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei , published an article that showed just what Iran 's women 's rights activists are up against . The author questioned the wisdom of allowing an official delegation to attend events such as the U.N. commission , describing its notion of "  gender equality " as "  unacceptable to the Islamic Republic . " The article accused Molaverdi of "  negligence " for participating in events that could damage Iran 's reputation and interests , and accused the 150 or so people who attended the session as representatives of Iranian groups of doing so without full and proper vetting by Iran 's security and intelligence agencies . What 's striking about Kayhan 's attack is that Iran 's powerful security and intelligence apparatus has for years acted to repress independent groups , including women 's rights activists . Groups like the One Million Signatures Campaign , a grassroots effort designed to operate within the law to collect signatures supporting the repeal of laws that discriminate against women , were targeted as security officials detained their members on spurious "  national security " grounds . But those hostile to women 's rights in Iran remain unrelenting . Anyone who fails , willingly or unknowingly , to heed their threats may face reprisals , as several activists who attempted to attend similar U.N. events in previous years found out . Yet Kayhan 's attack also reflects the resilience and adaptability of women 's groups in Iran as they continue to challenge the state 's monopoly on the women 's rights narrative . While Iranian women lost some important legal rights after the 1979 revolution , their social and economic stature increased on average as they gained wider access to education , health care , and birth control . The image of the compromised and submissive woman engendered by Iran 's discriminatory legal system bears little resemblance to the private and public lives of many Iranian women today . So while we rightfully condemn the disconnect between what Molaverdi said at the United Nations , and what Iranian women face , let us not lose sight of another reality : the paradox that exists in Iran between the state 's regressive laws and policies against women , and the tireless and undaunted drive for change and equality by those who will not be denied . That effort , at the very least , deserves our respect .	Faraz Sanei : Women 's groups in Iran have remained adaptable Those hostile to women 's rights in Iran remain unrelenting , she says
CNN  -- Rapper Fat Joe has been "  officially cleared " after Wisconsin police investigated an alleged sexual assault reported by a woman last weekend , according to his lawyer . The 33-year-old Madison , Wisconsin , woman called police with a complaint of "  inappropriate touching " after Fat Joe -- whose real name is Joseph Cartagena -- performed at the city 's Orpheum Theater on Sunday night , a police report said . The woman said the incident happened inside a limousine with Fat Joe and other male subjects , the police report said . "  Fat Joe had no contact with and never spoke to his accuser , " attorney Dawn Florio said in a statement Thursday night . "  He was questioned for a few minutes at his hotel room and was never detained by the police . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Lawyer : Police ` officially cleared ' Fat Joe after probe Woman reported sex assault after Wisconsin show Fat Joe never spoke to accuser , lawyer said
Global warming has propelled Earth 's climate from one of its coldest decades since the last ice age to one of its hottest -- in just one century . A heat spike like this has never happened before , at least not in the last 11,300 years , said climatologist Shaun Marcott , who worked on a new study on global temperatures going back that far . "  If any period in time had a sustained temperature change similar to what we have today , we would have certainly seen that in our record , " he said . It is a good indicator of just how fast man-made climate change has progressed . A century is a very short period of time for such a spike . It 's supposed to be cold The Earth was very cold at the turn of the 20th century . The decade from 1900 to 1909 was colder than 95 % of the last 11,300 years , the study found . Fast forward to the turn of the 21st century , and the opposite occurs . Between 2000 and 2009 , it was hotter than about 75 % of the last 11,300 years . If not for man-made influences , the Earth would be in a very cold phase right now and getting even colder , according the joint study by Oregon State University and Harvard University . Marcott was the lead author of the report on its results . To boot , the range of temperatures from cold to hot produced since the industrial revolution began are about the same as the 11,000 years before it , said Candace Major from the National Science Foundation , "  but this change has happened a lot more quickly . " Far from natural warming Variations in how the Earth is tilted and its orbit around the sun make for a pattern of planetary warming phases followed by cooling phases across the millennia . The team 's research shows the Earth 's overall temperature curve dipping down over about the past 4,000 years , but the downward plod comes to an abrupt halt in modern times . "  If you were to predict -- based on where we are relative to the position of the sun and how we are tilted -- you would predict that we would be still cooling , but we 're not , " Marcott said . Instead , the planet is warming up . It has n't been quite this warm in thousands of years . And it 's getting hotter . By 2100 , the Earth will be warmer than ever before , Marcott said . If emissions continue as currently predicted until then , global temperatures will rise "  well above anything we 've ever seen in the last 11,000 years . " That could be a rise of 2 to 11.5 degrees Fahrenheit , according to the NSF . What a long range study means To get a view on global temperatures that long ago , the researchers studied 73 sediment and polar ice samples , taken from all over the globe . Chemicals found in fossils deep down in the samples span the ages and are good indicators of historic temperatures on Earth , Marcott said . The scientists did the study to put the global temperature trends into a long-range perspective , Marcott said . Critics of climate change research , which has generally covered the last 1,500 to 2,000 years , have complained that it has been too short-sighted . They argue that the shorter studies have not taken into account that the warming Earth is seeing today could have happened before naturally -- thousands of years ago . These shorter studies have been based on methods that are very different from the Harvard-OSU research , but in the 2,000 years that they overlap , the results have been basically the same . "  Our data shows that ... they did n't miss anything , " Marcott said . And the parallel results corroborate the precision of the new research as well , he said . Humanity in the last 11,500 years The scientists chose the period of time known as the "  Holocene " for their research , because it is the most recent natural warm phase in Earth 's history . It began at the end of the last Ice Age about 11,500 years ago , and we are still in it . The Holocene has also been the epoch of human achievement , the beginning of civilization . Stable weather patterns helped people do more of everything they wanted to , partly because they no longer had to fight the cold of an ice age . They began farming , which extended their own life spans and increased population on Earth . They built cities and roads , made art , developed languages and laws . They formed empires and nations . Eventually , they invented machines , landing themselves in the industrialized age , driven by engines and turbines , which are powered by combustible fuel . Thus began man-made greenhouse gases . The world tomorrow The main culprit is carbon dioxide , and its levels have jumped in the last 100 years , Marcott said . In the 11,000 years prior , it only changed "  very slowly , " he said . Marcott is concerned about people 's ability to adapt to a perhaps drastically changed climate . "  As civilization has grown , we 're kind of set up for things not to change too much , " he said . The last time Earth has been as warm as it is projected to be by 2100 was before the last Ice Age started -- over 130,000 years ago . That 's too long ago to gather reliable data on , he said . He did n't want to speculate on what the world will look like , if global warming continues . "  I certainly hope we can pull ourselves out of it , " he said .	If greenhouse gas emissions progress , Earth will become hotter than ever in 90 years The temperature rise during man-made global warming has not happened before 1900 - 1909 was one of the coldest decades in 11,300 years 2000 - 2009 was one of the hottest decades in 11,300 years
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A judge granted Lindsay Lohan bail Friday night , overturning a decision earlier Friday that sent the actress to jail until a probation revocation hearing four weeks away , a court spokesman said . Lohan can leave jail after she posts a $ 300,000 bond , but she must be fitted with a SCRAM alcohol-detection bracelet within 24 hours , Los Angeles County Superior Court spokesman Allan Parachini said . Judge Patricia Schnegg granted Lohan 's bail after her lawyer , Shawn Chapman Holley , filed a writ of habeas corpus just before court closed Friday afternoon , Parachini said . "  I pray to God that Shawn does the right thing and advises her to go right into rehab now , and show the judge she 's serious , because in 30 days when she goes back before the judge he can do whatever he wants , " Michael Lohan , her father , told CNN . Judge Eldin Fox ordered the preliminary revocation of Lohan 's probation Friday morning based on a probation report saying she tested positive for controlled-substance use . The probation revocation hearing was set for October 22 . When Holley asked the judge in court to hear her arguments for bail , he answered , "  Nope . " Holley returned to the Beverly Hills courthouse to meet with the prosecutor and the judge Friday afternoon , but Fox again refused to grant bail . Holley then filed her writ with Judge Schnegg just before 4 p.m. , Parachini said . The actress showed no emotion as deputies handcuffed her hands behind her back and walked her out of the Beverly Hills courtroom Friday morning . Her father , who watched the short hearing from the rear of the courtroom , showed his own anger outside after his daughter was taken away . "  It 's a horrible situation . I just hope the judge remands Lindsay to a rehab for a longer period of time and the people in Lindsay 's life that are destroying her life and leading her down the wrong path are weeded out , " Michael Lohan said . He singled out Holley for giving his daughter poor advice . Lohan cited his daughter 's court-approved trip to New York during Fashion Week , saying she stayed alone in a hotel room , which opened her up to bad influences . Lohan 's supervised probation for a 2007 drunken driving conviction requires frequent drug tests . The judge warned her last month that any failure could send her back to jail . "  Regrettably , I did in fact fail my most recent drug test and if I am asked , I am prepared to appear before judge Fox next week as a result , " Lohan tweeted on September 17 . She spent 23 days in a court-ordered drug rehab program last month , which followed a 13-day jail stint imposed when a Los Angeles judge ruled that Lohan violated her probation . Fox , who took over Lohan 's case when she was released , imposed a new set of rules for her to follow until November . It included weekly counseling sessions for alcohol and drug rehabilitation , random drug tests and behavioral therapy . "  Substance abuse is a disease , which unfortunately does n't go away overnight , " Lohan tweeted . "  I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps . " Lohan tweeted that she was "  doing what I must do to prevent any mishaps in the future . " "  This was certainly a setback for me , but I am taking responsibility for my actions and I 'm prepared to face the consequences , " she tweeted . Lohan made fun of her substance abuse troubles in a backstage skit broadcast during the MTV Video Music Awards earlier in September . She appeared with show host Chelsea Handler , who was wearing an alcohol-detection bracelet like the one Lohan recently wore . "  Wake up , Handler ; pull it together , " Lohan said as she slammed Handler against a wall . "  You 're a menace . Do you think anyone will work with a drunk ? Take it from me , they do n't . " Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence , and in the second incident , she was charged with cocaine possession . The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later , when she played identical twins in Disney 's remake of "  The Parent Trap . "	NEW : Another judge overrules Lohan 's no-bail order NEW : Lohan 's dad says she should immediately check into rehab NEW : The actress must wear an alcohol-detection bracelet Lohan goes before the judge again on October 22
CNN  Before he was Jihadi John , he was little John -- a young version of the same Mohammed Emwazi who authorities say later became the English-speaking face of ISIS terror . His earlier , innocent image can be seen in video obtained from Britain 's Channel 4 . It shows a teenage boy in the schoolyard of a West London secondary school . He walks through a sea of fellow students in his zippered sweatshirt over his polo shirt , wearing a backpack and carrying a plastic bottle . At one point , a basketball rolls toward him and he returns it with a deft kick . He looks playful at times as when he skips and lightheartedly pushes two other boys , more serious in others . In other words , he appears to be not much different than any other teenager . But he 's not . The boy in the video is Emwazi , his former headmaster at Quintin Kynaston Community Academy told CNN . Who Mohammed Emwazi used to be Jo Shuter noted that her former student could be shy at times , but overall he was far from a troublemaker and not much out of the ordinary . "  He was bullied a little bit , because he was quiet and reserved , " Shuter said . "  Generally , he was fine . There  were  no issues with him . There were no problems . " Emwazi became even more focused in his last few years at Quintin Kynaston Community Academy , she said . "  He was working hard , he achieved great grades for him , and he went to the university of his choice , " Shuter told CNN this week , referring to London 's Westminster University , from which Emwazi graduated in 2009 . Contrast that perception with that of the masked , deep-voiced , British-accented man who months ago was dubbed Jihadi John . There is nothing shy , nothing gentle , nothing playful about him . He starred in grisly ISIS videos depicting the beheading of hostages , punctuating his horrific actions with taunts at the United States . A man who says he is Emwazi 's father told the Kuwaiti newspaper al Qabas that "  there is nothing that proves " the man known as Jihadi John is his son , Mohammed . His Kuwait-based lawyer , Salem Al-Hashash , told CNN that the family plans to sue anyone who makes the connection , calling the father Jassem Emwazi a "  victim of libel . " Yet Western authorities have made just such a link . They say that the Kuwaiti-born Mohammed Emwazi went from being a typical "  boy next door " type growing up in West London to being one of the most high-profile recruits of ISIS , the Islamist extremist group behind a campaign of terror and conquest in Syria and Iraq . More than a dozen British administrative court documents obtained by CNN indicate that , as far back as 2009 , British security services believed Emwazi was part of a radical West London recruitment network for terrorist groups in East Africa . And in late February , two U.S. officials and two U.S. congressional sources confirmed reports in British and other media that Emwazi went on to join ISIS and is the man known as Jihadi John .	Video shows a young Mohammed Emwazi in a West London schoolyard He covers his face at times , skips and playfully jostles with students at others U.S. authorities say Emwazi grew up to be the ISIS terrorist known as Jihadi John
Cincinnati  CNN  -- Mitt Romney had a mutiny on his hands . Not with his staff but with his embeds . The hardworking , 20 - and 30-something off-camera network news reporters who chronicle Romney 's every public utterance had decided on a plan : They would band together and confront the candidate working the rope line , mini-cams in hand , with the hopes of forcing Romney to comment on the Rush Limbaugh controversy . Limbaugh had called a woman who testified on the importance of birth control coverage a "  slut . " Not surprisingly , outside of Seattle on Friday , Romney declined to answer a question from CNN about Limbaugh 's insult . Romney rarely answers questions from the embeds and reporters who try to catch him on the rope line . He can hear them but simply ignores them . The Romney embeds are quite used to this . Since the former Massachusetts governor jumped into the GOP race , he has kept his traveling press corps at arm 's length . Even though their news organizations pay roughly $ 1,000 an hour to have these reporters fly aboard Romney 's press charter for the sole purpose of round-the-clock coverage of the candidate , the embeds have limited access to him . In the last month , he has held just one "  media avail , " jargon for a brief news conference . Romney prefers his Fox News Channel comfort zone , appearing on the conservative-leaning cable news channel sometimes several times a week . But the Romney campaign 's attempt to control the message fell victim to its own disciplined approach . After Romney zipped past CNN 's camera without making a comment , the candidate and his staff hopped aboard their campaign plan for a five-hour flight to Ohio . While he was in the air , his adversaries were having a field day with his silence on the Limbaugh comments . A tweet from this reporter about Romney 's nonresponse was re-tweeted by other media outlets and within seconds it had entered the social media bloodstream . Before long , the news  or lack thereof  was picked up by the left-leaning Web sites Huffington Post and Think Progress , which spread the information to their hundreds of thousands of followers on Twitter . By the end of the day , the President Barack Obama 's top political adviser , David Axelrod , had tweeted : "  Rush 's vile , appalling assault on Sandra Fluke deserves universal condemnation . How can folks who calls themselves leaders walk away ? " It was a clear shot at Romney , who was just landing in Ohio . Flash forward to moments after Romney had finished his speech in Cleveland Friday evening . The embeds pounced . And Romney finally broke his silence . "  I 'll just say this , which is it 's not the language I would have used , " Romney said before moving down the rope line . Had Romney said the same thing six hours earlier , or perhaps something a bit more condemnatory , the GOP contender would have averted a news cycle marked by his silence . All of this is just dawning on the campaigns in this new maelstrom . This is the first presidential campaign to feel the full effects of Twitter . Back in the 2008 campaign , the site was in its political infancy , used to shoot out press releases and shoot down negative stories more than anything else . The last campaign was more about YouTube -- the Obama Girl and so on . How things have changed . Witness Andrew Kaczynski at the website Buzz Feed . Kaczynski has quickly earned a large social media following by tirelessly unearthing long-forgotten and mostly embarrassing videos lurking in the bowels of C-SPAN 's website and YouTube and tweeting them out . Reporters who follow Kaczynski then re-tweet his handiwork and the earworm is born . If the video is good enough -- such as the one from 2002 featuring then-Governor Romney describing himself on C-SPAN as having "  progressive views " -- count on the clip to surface on cable news . Former Jon Huntsman press secretary Tim Miller kept a sharp eye on his own Twitter account while his candidate was in the race to stay on top of the onslaught of information . To stay on guard , he simply followed all of the people tweeting about Huntsman . "  With the expansion of news outlets covering the day-to-day minutiae of the campaign and Twitter creating a never-ending news cycle , this campaign has made rapid response and message discipline more important than ever , " Miller told CNN . Naturally , the candidates handle this volatile environment in different ways . Whereas Romney does his best to tune out the noise , Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich seem to plunge right into it . Santorum could not be more different than Romney in his dealings with the media . The former Pennsylvania senator holds "  avails " nearly every day . After debates , he barrels straight into the media spin rooms to take questions . Unlike Romney , GOP spin-doctors say , Santorum needs the free media . "  Romney 's advantages with organization and funding mean that he is not as dependent on earned media as is Santorum , " former Republican National Committee spokesman Doug Heye said . "  Santorum does more interviews , not necessarily because he wants to , but that he has to , " Heye said . This approach also has its drawbacks . In the days before the Michigan primary , Santorum was within striking distance of dealing Romney what could have been a death blow in his home state . Then Santorum , who should know better given his long history of dealing with a certain Google problem , blew up on Twitter . He accused the president of being a "  snob " for wanting young people to go to college . He said he wanted to "  throw up " over President John F. Kennedy 's call for a separation of church and state . The comments were predictably reduced into 140-character tweet-bombs that detonated under the Michigan hopes of his insurgent campaign . Santorum would later chastise the free media for not covering the real issues voters care about . Message clarity , something Santorum lacked in those days before Michigan , may be one way to manage the chaos . "  You need a clear message across all mediums and be able to quickly dispense with any threats to that message , " Huntsman 's Miller said . For the most part , this is what works for Romney -- his embeds spend much of their time tweeting out the more benign details of his campaign stops -- the stagecrafting , the music , the campaign 's message of the day . This is all appreciated by the campaign , whose staffers have privately told reporters they monitor tweets with great interest . But message discipline has its limits . Having had quite enough of Romney 's silence , the embeds banded together in the quest for some kind of social media justice on Friday . After getting their quote from Romney , one of the embeds tweeted out a note of congratulations to her colleagues . That tweet was followed by a fair number of retweets .	Mitt Romney 's nonresponse on the Limbaugh furor gained momentum on Twitter Left-leaning blogs picked it up , and hours later , Romney commented Rick Santorum is the polar opposite of Romney in his relations with media
CNN  -- Authenticity has become one of those buzzwords that we love to hate . Like many other words that have met a similar fate after being co-opted , misused , and overused , authenticity entered the popular lexicon because it tapped into something powerful in our culture . Having spent the past decade studying human behavior and the thoughts and emotions that drive it , I would guess that the concept of authenticity tapped into our yearning for more genuine and sincere connection and for less manipulation and pretending . It does n't matter if we 're talking about politics , work , school , family life , or our kids ' soccer games -- we 've grown tired of being hustled . Watch Bren Brown 's TED Talk : Listening to shame Unfortunately , hustling did n't fall out of favor the same way the word authenticity did , leading me to believe that a conversation about what it really means to be authentic could be helpful . I think the conversation is more important than the buzzword issue . And I do n't buy the criticism that if you have to talk about authenticity , you 're not being authentic . To me , that 's a lot like saying , "  If you have to ask how much it costs , you ca n't afford it . " Well , the folks I know who have lots of money always ask how much something costs before they buy it . The fear of being perceived as unable to afford the new shoes is what gets us into trouble . The same is true with this conversation -- fear keeps us silent , but I do n't see a lot of evidence that not talking about authenticity has given us much clarity about what it means to stop pretending , pleasing , and performing . TED.com : Thandie Newton on "  embracing otherness " Before I started doing my research , I always thought of people as being either authentic or inauthentic . Authenticity was simply a quality that you had or that you were lacking . I think that 's the way most of us use the term : "  He 's a very authentic person . " But as I started immersing myself in the research , I realized that like many desirable ways of being , authenticity is not something we have or do n't have . It 's a practice -- a conscious choice of how we want to live . Authenticity is actually a collection of choices , choices that we make every day . It 's the choice to show up and be real . The choice to be honest . The choice to let our true selves be seen . Some people consciously practice being authentic , and some people do n't , and then there are the rest of us who are authentic on some days and not so authentic on other days . Trust me , even though I know plenty about authenticity and it 's something I work toward , if I 'm feeling too vulnerable or I 've been trapped in a shame spiral of "  never good enough , " I can sell myself out in a second and be anybody you need me to be . TED.com : Bren Brown on the power of vulnerability Given the magnitude of the task at hand -- to be authentic in a culture that teaches us that being imperfect is synonymous with being inadequate -- I decided to use my research to better understand the anatomy of authenticity . What emerged from the data as the most powerful elements of building authenticity were understanding that authenticity is a choice and a practice -- having the courage to be vulnerable , and engaging with the world from a place of worthiness rather than a place of shame or "  never enough . " When I started thinking about what it really means to practice authenticity , I realized that choosing "  being real " over "  being liked " is all about playing it unsafe . It means stepping out of our comfort zone . And believe me , as someone who has stepped out on many occasions , you 're likely to get knocked around when you 're wandering through new territory . TED.com : The Web 's secret stories It 's easy to attack and criticize someone while he or she is taking a risk -- voicing an unpopular opinion , or sharing a new creation with the world , or trying something new that he or she has n't quite mastered . Cruelty is cheap and rampant -- especially when you attack and criticize anonymously , as technology and the Internet allow so many people to do these days . If you 're like me , practicing authenticity can be a daunting choice -- there 's risk involved in putting your true self out in the world . But I believe there 's even more risk in hiding yourself and your gifts from the world . Our unexpressed ideas , opinions , and contributions do n't just go away . They are likely to fester inside and eat away at our sense of worthiness . However afraid we are of change , the question that we must ultimately answer is this : What 's the greater risk ? Letting go of what people think , or letting go of how I feel and what I believe and who I am ? e. e. cummings wrote , "  To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best , night and day , to make you everybody but yourself means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting . " I 'm convinced that choosing authenticity is one of the most courageous battles that we 'll ever fight . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bren Brown .	Bren Brown says "  authenticity " is a word that 's out of favor , but it 's key to a fulfilling life She says people who choose to express their real self risk criticism and shame Brown says there 's more risk if we keep our selves bottled up , losing faith in our worth
CNN  -- The body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez will eventually be displayed publicly "  just like Lenin  and  Mao Zedong , " the country 's vice president said Thursday on state-run TV . "  The body of our leader will be embalmed , and it will ... be surrounded by crystal glass forever , present forever , and always with his people , " Nicolas Maduro said . Maduro will be sworn in as interim president in a special session of the National Assembly at 7 p.m. Friday , said National Assembly President Diosdado Cabello on Thursday on Venezuelan state broadcaster VTV . The funeral for Chavez , who died at 58 Tuesday after a battle with cancer , will be held Friday in the capital , Caracas . Attendees are expected to include Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Cuban leader Raul Castro and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff , Maduro said . Venezuela is slated to hold elections 30 days after Chavez died , according to Foreign Minister Elias Jaua . Hugo Chavez 's death draws sympathy , anger Maduro did not say when Chavez 's final resting place , at a military museum , will be ready . But people still will be able to view Chavez 's body -- lying in state in a wooden casket at a military academy in the capital -- for at least another week , he said . "  Everybody can see him without any limits , " Maduro said . "  We want anyone who wants to see him to have the chance to do so . " The South American nation is in a seven-day period of mourning , with schools closed for the week . Chavez 's body later will be displayed much like the remains of former revolutionary leaders Vladimir Lenin of Russia and China 's Mao , Maduro said . Venezuelans line streets for Chavez procession CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	Nicolas Maduro to be sworn in Friday as interim president Chavez , who had cancer , died at 58 on Tuesday ; the funeral is set for Friday Chavez 's body "  will be surrounded by crystal glass forever , " Maduro says
CNN  -- Once again , the nation is outraged that school bullying has claimed another victim . As news spread about the indictment of nine teens who are accused of relentlessly bullying 15-year-old Phoebe Prince to suicide this year , parents everywhere asked : "  How could this have happened ? Where were the adults ? " I could n't help but wonder why it always takes a tragedy to get the world 's attention . The suffering of millions of students all across America , some of whom are being bullied as badly as Phoebe and who have been crying out for help day after day , semester after semester , should be enough . Why are their voices not heard ? What message are we sending these lonely , frustrated kids : that they might as well suffer in silence , because no one 's going to take notice unless someone ends up dead ? I know what Phoebe felt as she walked the halls as a freshman at a Massachusetts school , listening to the jeers and whispers , praying she could make it to homeroom or math class in one piece . I know the terror that descended over her like a dark cloak every time the bell rang , signaling the beginning of the school day . And I also know that as much as she must have hated her classmates for what they were putting her through , it was what they were denying her that hurt even worse : someone to sit with at lunch , the invitations to hang out on weekends and after school , the girl talk and giggles exchanged between trusted friends , the simple joy of fitting in . Before long , it pokes holes in your soul , and you can feel self-loathing start to fill in those empty spaces . I know because , from fifth grade through high school , I was the target of relentless bullying for much the same reason Phoebe and so many other students are : simply for being "  different . " I was threatened , beaten , dragged across parking lots , burned with lit cigarettes , teased , taunted and spat upon at lunch , mocked in gym , snickered at in class , ambushed at sleepovers and spit-balled on the school bus . My adolescence was a living hell , and it was n't the acceptance my classmates withheld that caused the deepest anguish ; it was all the love and friendship I had to give that no one wanted . After a while , it backed up into my system like a toxin and poisoned my spirit . I can only imagine what Phoebe was thinking as she took her last breath on this Earth . I suspect that it was one word , the same word that haunts every bullied student . "  Why ? " While I mourn this young girl 's loss with my whole heart , none of us can do anything for Phoebe now . But it 's not too late to save the next one and the hundreds after that and then the thousands after that . That 's something we can do . And make no mistake . What happened at Phoebe 's school is not rare . It is far more common than you may realize . For the past eight years , since my memoir "  Please Stop Laughing At Me ... " was released , I 've been touring schools across the country , sharing my story to motivate change . When I go into a district , I do a daylong program that involves a student presentation , a teacher workshop and an evening parent/family seminar . From rural communities and inner-city neighborhoods to affluent suburbs and small towns , I 've spoken at hundreds of schools and held in my arms thousands of bullied kids , who come up to me after my student presentations with horror stories of their own about how their classmates are treating them . When I ask whether they 've confided in a teacher or counselor , many of them say that they 've reached out for help repeatedly and that "  no one 's doing anything . " It 's not that these schools do n't care or that they 're in denial . They would n't have gone to the trouble or expense of bringing me in to speak if that were the case . But no school , no parent and no child can solve the problem of school bullying on his or her own . It requires a synergistic approach , one in which each person is equally committed to making a difference . Here 's how you can help : If you 're a student , remember that it 's not just joking around . Bullying people can damage them , and you , for life . Bullying is not just the mean things you do , it 's all the nice things you do n't do , like letting someone eat alone at lunch or ignoring people as if they 're invisible . It does n't take an overt act of cruelty to diminish someone 's spirit . Simply never making the effort to include them in anything can be just as hurtful . Tomorrow at lunch , ask someone whom you would n't ordinarily reach out to to join your table . If you 're an educator , be vigilant . Pay attention to what 's happening around you , not just in front of you in the classroom . And if you see a child struggling to belong , take action , talk to your principal , ask the school counselor to intervene , talk to the parents -- get involved and , most important , stay involved . If you 're a parent , recognize that your bullied child 's spirit is bleeding from loneliness and you need to find an interim social life for him or her that will buy you the time to deal with the larger issues , such as working with the school and addressing the parents of the bullies . Contact the park district and local library in the nearest next town over that does not feed into your child 's school district . Ask them to send you a list of their organized activities for kids . Have him choose one and then enroll him . This will give your child something to look forward to on those especially lonely days , and it will refresh the spirit . If you 've been a victim of peer abuse like me , turn your pain into purpose . Share your story at schools , PTA meetings , teacher in-services , anywhere they 're willing to listen , and offer wisdom and insights from your own experiences . Good luck , everyone . I know you can make a difference . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jodee Blanco .	Jodee Blanco was so bullied at school , she has dedicated her life to stamping it out Blanco asks why it takes tragedy like Phoebe Prince 's suicide to get attention Millions of students are suffering , crying out for help but unheard , she writes Blanco says jeers , whispers , shoves hurt someone for life and offers ways to stop it
CNN  -- Growing up in the United States , my summers were filled with trips to Little Havana in Miami , where my family and I would watch anti-communist plays featuring popular Latino actors . Those trips would include hours-long pig roasts , where family members would animatedly discuss the big policy issues of the day , like the impact of the fall of the Soviet Union on Cuba 's government . My parents were among the men and women who fled the country in the 1960s , and from them , I learned about human rights abuses , lack of political and press freedoms and other forms of repression , something that helped mold my opinions about U.S. policy towards Cuba . In fact , having grown up in this kind of environment , it should come as little surprise that I 've been a hardliner on U.S.-Cuba policy issues . But after the better part of three decades , I 'm starting to change my mind . Indeed , I 've begun to question the 52-year-old U.S. embargo against Cuba , and have grown less and less sure that its continuation is really helping the Cuban people . Why ? Like many U.S.-born children of Cuban exiles , I have a complicated identity . But while I will never support Cuba 's current repressive political system , I have started to see how the United States ' embargo against the communist island could bolster government officials there , who can simply blame the embargo for any shortcomings . Five decades ago , my father boarded a plane from Havana to New York and vowed never to return to the island . My mother last saw her beloved Cuba when she left by boat for Asturias , Spain , in 1961 . She says she saw her family and friends lose their homes and possessions , and told me how other exiles were excoriated as "  gusanos , " or worms , for leaving . So my recent decision to visit the country for the first time troubled my parents . For example , I 'm outspoken about human rights issues , and my mother was worried that I 'd be punished for speaking my mind . And remember , this is a country known for its media censorship , a place where just-released American , Alan Gross , sat in jail for five years "  for facilitating uncensored Internet contact between a small , religious community on the island and the rest of the world . " In fact , Gross 's plight was a topic of discussion among the group of about a dozen of us who went on a tour of Cuba last November that was organized by the Denver-based nonprofit organization Chamber of the Americas , whose mission is "  to facilitate commerce and understanding between the businesses and governments of the Western Hemisphere . " During my politically active teen years and into my 20s , when I protested the U.S. decision to send Elian Gonzalez home and had anti-communism banners and Ronald Reagan quotes adorning my dorm room , I vowed not to visit the island until the current dictatorship was part of Cuba 's distant past . Yet here I was , in my early 30s , hearing directly from Cuban officials , economists , professors , students , musicians and others . We also visited the U.S. chief of mission while we were in Havana . And I was pleasantly surprised that some of our guest speakers openly criticized government policies , talking about everything from the need for more private business to their dismay that the government had shut down beloved 3-D theaters , arguing they 'd never been authorized . This is n't to say that I was n't exposed to things that troubled me , even during this short trip : I saw billboards filled with socialist propaganda , there was clearly a lack of press freedom , and there is the fact that even though they 're highly educated , Cubans still do n't earn a decent wage : the average Cuban earns 20 Cuban dollars a month -- about $ 20 USD . But this last fact highlighted to me one of the strongest arguments against the embargo -- that it harms average Cubans , rather than the government . And I know I 'm far from the only one hoping for an end to the embargo . As noted by CNN , millennials of Latino descent are generally in favor of ending the embargo , with one poll noting that more than half of Cuban-Americans surveyed in Miami wanted an end to the embargo , while a solid majority of them also favored restoring diplomatic relations with Havana . Across the water , many of the college age students I spoke to said they 'd like to see government reform , and they told me that they yearn for more access to information on the island . Part of their desire comes from meeting young Cuban-Americans and other visitors from the United States who discuss some of the freedoms many of us take for granted , including the right to protest and express ourselves without repercussions from state officials . All this said , I can never personally forgive the decades-long human rights abuses in my parents ' homeland . But ultimately , opening dialogue between Cubans on the island and overseas would be a good start on the path of trying to repair a long and painful rift . If we can embark on this journey , then we might be able to help those young Cubans with whom I spoke to secure some of the freedoms that so many of us here take for granted . This is an updated version of a story that was originally published December 11 , 2014	Carmen Cusido says she grew up taking a hard line on Cuba embargo Says that after visiting island for first time her opinion started to change Author says students she spoke with would like to see Cuba reform
February 25 , 2015 We cover a lot of ground today on CNN Student News , from a train derailment in California to a presidential veto in Washington to the Pacific island location of an iconic photograph . We take a look at wages in the U.S. job market and a non-lethal heat ray in the arsenal of the U.S. military . And we feature a Character Study of a woman who stops at nothing to help her community . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- After spending 125 days traveling over 8,000 nautical miles , the Plastiki is preparing to reach Sydney , its final destination , on Sunday . The Plastiki 's arrival in Sydney will not , however , be the 60-foot catamaran 's first time to reach Australian soil . Winter storms producing near-hurricane strength winds forced the vessel and its crew to take refuge in Mooloolaba , Queensland on Monday . Originally , the crew had hoped to land in Coffs Harbour , south from Mooloolaba , before heading to Sydney . After waiting out the bad weather , the Plastiki took off from its unexpected first port-of-call in Australia early Friday morning with hopes to reach Sydney in the next two days . Brutal winter storms in the Tasman Sea made the leg from New Caledonia the most challenging . One night winds gusting over 60-knots surprised the crew , leaving them battling to prevent the mast buckling and losing the sail for eight hours . "  I 've always been apprehensive of the Tasman Sea and this was my own worst nightmare come to fruition , " said Plastiki 's expedition leader , David de Rothschild . Co-skipper of the boat , Dave Thomson called the waves some of "  the biggest you 're likely to see . " Once in Sydney , the Plastiki will be harbored at the Australian National Maritime Museum . It will remain on display for a month as crew members hold special events aimed at raising awareness of plastic waste in the ocean . The general public will also have the opportunity to visit the vessel during an open day . Made of approximately 12,500 reclaimed plastic bottles and engineered using the most sustainable methods possible , the Plastiki is meant to be used as a platform upon which solutions to the myriad of environmental problems can be found . Particularly , the Plastiki is hoping to raise awareness about single-use consumer products that are filling landfills and the sea . The Plastiki has faced several challenges since departing from San Francisco in March . Engineering problems unique to a craft made of plastic water bottles forced the catamaran to make unscheduled stops , as has unpredictable weather .	Plastiki boat made from recycled plastic bottles reaches Australia After 125 days eexpeditionis nearing its final destination of Sydney Aim of voyage is to raise awareness of plastic waste and reduce plastic use
CNN  -- The news that a U.S. nurse tested positive for Ebola has heightened concerns about the virus . Health officials are moving quickly to increase monitoring of hospital workers treating Ebola and ensure the deadly virus does not spread . The World Health Organization described it as "  unquestionably the most severe acute public health emergency in modern times . " "  I have never seen a health event strike such fear and terror , well beyond the affected countries , " Dr. Margaret Chan , WHO 's director-general , said Monday . With multiple developments under way , here 's what you need to know Monday to get caught up on the latest : U.S. DEVELOPMENTS Nurse who treated Duncan is infected : CNN affiliate WFAA has identified the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital nurse who has Ebola as Nina Pham . On Monday , she got a blood transfusion from American Ebola survivor Kent Brantly , according to Jeremy Blume , a spokesman for Samaritan 's Purse . Brantly was working for Samaritan 's Purse in Liberia when he contracted the virus . The nurse had numerous contacts with Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there may have been a "  breach in protocol . " It did n't say what the possible breach was . Duncan died last week . The nurse is "  clinically stable , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said Monday . The CDC said others who cared for Duncan could have been infected , but so far no other health workers are showing symptoms . Tom Ha , a family friend , described Pham as a devout Catholic who always "  puts other people 's interests ahead of her own . " It 's a philosophy she shares with her family , he told CNN . "  They always helped other people and they take pride in helping other people . That 's what this family 's all about . " U.S. nurses union calls for better preparation : The National Nurses United union says 76 % of nurses it questioned in 46 states said their hospitals have not communicated a policy on the potential of admitting patients infected by Ebola . The union is asking for immediate upgrades to Ebola emergency preparations that include hands-on training and enough protective gear . The CDC said Monday it is "  doubling down " on training and outreach to make every hospital "  think Ebola . " Ebola patient 's waste disposal : A judge granted a temporary restraining order blocking the disposal in a Louisiana hazardous waste landfill of incinerated waste from the Texas apartment where Ebola patient Duncan stayed , Louisiana Attorney General Buddy Caldwell said Monday . Caldwell had said earlier he would seek to keep the incinerated waste from crossing state lines . The company that incinerated the waste told CNN it had followed CDC guidelines and had no plans to move the waste to Louisiana . Burning is one way to dispose of Ebola contaminated items safely , according to the CDC . The virus becomes inactive once it 's burned . Cameraman 's condition improves : Doctors at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha are pleased with the progress NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo is making . He contracted Ebola while working in Liberia and is receiving the experimental drug brincidofovir , or CMX001 . "  Feeling like I 'm on the road to good health . Will be posting some thoughts this week . Endless gratitude for good vibes , " a tweet on Mukpo 's Twitter account said Monday . "  Now that I 've had first hand exp with this scourge of a disease , I 'm even more pained at how little care sick west Africans are receiving . " Crew breaks its word : The NBC crew that had been with Mukpo -- and had made a voluntary agreement to self-confine -- apparently broke its word . The New Jersey Department of Health has issued a mandatory quarantine order to make sure the crew remains confined . ` At risk ' patient hospitalized in Kansas : A medic who 'd been working on a ship off the coast of west-central Africa came to the University of Kansas Hospital on Monday with possible Ebola symptoms . "  He 's a suspect case . We do n't know if he has it . I think overall , given that he has n't worsened today , it would make me think that he would be low risk , " said Dr. Lee Norman , chief medical officer at the hospital . Doctors expect to get test results Tuesday , he said . "  It 's really about abundance of caution , " he said . "  We 're going to keep our vigilance up . " The medic started experiencing some symptoms on the ship before flying to the United States last week , Norman said . He said he was n't sure whether the medic flew on a commercial or private flight . Massachusetts patient does n't have Ebola : Testing "  determined with certainty " that a patient at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston does not have Ebola , the hospital said . The patient had been to Liberia and complained of headache and muscle aches . Travel screening begins : People arriving from the three nations hardest hit by Ebola -- Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea -- started getting screening , including having their temperatures taken , at New York 's John F. Kennedy International on Saturday . Washington 's Dulles , Newark , Chicago 's O'Hare and Atlanta airports will begin screening Thursday . Cuban doctors train , then fight Ebola in Africa WEST AFRICA DEVELOPMENTS No relief in sight : The number of deaths attributed to the current Ebola outbreak has climbed to 4,033 , the World Health Organization reported Friday . The tally brings the number of confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola to 8,399 . The numbers were reported from Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States . Obama speaks with U.N. leader : U.S. President Barack Obama and United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke about the need for "  more robust commitments and rapid delivery of assistance by the international community , " the White House said Monday . Complete coverage on Ebola U.S. troops battle invisible enemy in Liberia IN OTHER COUNTRIES Spain 's Ebola patient is stable : Teresa Romero Ramos , a nurse 's assistant in Spain who is the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa , is doing better after taking a turn for the worse last week . She remains in critical condition . "  There are signs of hope , " said Dr. Fernando Simon , spokesman for the government 's special committee for Ebola . In a scathing letter , Romero 's husband said she received only 30 minutes of training in putting on protective gear and called for the resignation of Madrid 's regional health minister over how the case has been handled . CNN 's Al Goodman , Katie Hinman , Catherine E. Shoichet , Dave Alsup , Drew Griffin and Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Boston patient does not have Ebola , hospital says Nina Pham , Dallas nurse who contracted Ebola , got a blood transfusion A medic with possible Ebola symptoms is hospitalized in Kansas Spanish patient 's husband says health minister should resign
CNN  -- From swimming pool slides and oversized LEGO stations to Plinko walls and Wii consoles , hotels all over the world have committed to having fun . Some have transformed their lobbies and public spaces into the kind of playgrounds children and grown-ups alike can enjoy , inspiring a bit of healthy competition among guests . Here are eight properties that stretch and bounce and slide beyond a place to lay your head : Sea Island , Georgia This massive resort on Georgia 's coast packs in a lot : Nature lovers are especially spoiled with plenty to do , from salt marsh exploration to kayaking to an after-dark survival skills course where younger guests are groomed for the outdoors with lessons in pitching tents , lighting fires , reading a compass , etc. . The resort can also provide a very thorough primer in gyotaku fish printing that includes dissecting the fish . For guests who prefer a more traditional take on play , there 's a life-size chess set on the lawn , and a very civilized weekly Bingo service , where men age 12 and up are required to wear a jacket . 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels Hotel Zetta , San Francisco , California This months-old Viceroy Hotel Group property in San Francisco 's Union Square neighborhood was meant to attract those traveling to the city for business -- the startup variety . To appeal to that "  work hard , play hard " mentality , a massive Plinko wall greets guests in the lobby . The rest of the hotel 's playful perks can be found in the sharply curated Playroom , where Wii consoles share the space with ping-pong and pool tables , a massive assortment of board games and life-size Jenga . The phone booths , which have been updated with Samsung tablets that will allow users to Skype , are a nice touch . Heading up to your room ? Have an Atari game sent up on request . 10 record-setting natural wonders Martinhal Resort , Sagres , Portugal Located on the southwest corner of continental Europe in the Portuguese fishing town of Sagres , Martinhal Resort is a true family-friendly destination , where every member of the brood can find something to do . Everything from stand-up paddling to kayaking to jeep safaris to surfing to Pilates on the beach are on offer . Or give Padel a try . This racquet sport , popular in the Iberian Peninsula and Latin America , is a combination of tennis and racquetball . Martinhal has two glass-sided courts in which to learn . The resort 's Village Square acts as its entertainment hub , where children can let loose at the playground while older children head to the Blue Room to play foosball and video games . Bonus : All dining venues here are outfitted with play areas separate but visible from and near to the actual dining room , allowing adults to eat in peace without totally losing sight of the kids . Primland Resort , Meadows of Dan , Virginia This resort in Virginia 's Blue Ridge Mountains sits on 12,000 acres -- that 's roughly the size of Bermuda -- so there 's always a variety of activities available for guests . One of the most fun , given the abundance of space , is a game of geocaching , a high-tech treasure hunt in which a GPS device helps participants locate hidden canisters , or geocaches , that reveal interesting information about the resort 's surroundings as well as local fauna and flora . Some of the geocaches might reveal a puzzle to solve for an added challenge . In addition , clay shooters will enjoy the Game Trail Virtual Simulation Hunt , featuring 10 challenging scenarios . Younger guests , on the other hand , can take on the Blue Ridge Tree Climbing contest . 7 secret Caribbean islands Yotel , New York This pod-style hotel right next to the Lincoln Tunnel may not win points for space -- a luxury in New York City  though its 4,000 square-foot terrace is the largest hotel terrace in town  , but it certainly delivers if it 's whimsical playfulness guests are after . For example , luggage storage is manned by a mechanical robot , programmed to collect suitcases and backpacks and stuff them into their assigned lockers . But Yotel 's pice de rsistance is its Lego wall , which was unveiled in January 2014 . The 30-foot long lobby wall includes thousands of colorful bricks , tools for Yotel guests ' next masterpieces . Some have drafted messages while others used the Lego bricks to create more ambitious visuals  flags , animals , cartoon characters , even NYC landmarks  . See some examples of them online . Travaasa , Austin , Texas Playful activities at the original Travaasa property  there 's also one in Hawaii  are heart-pounding but fun . Take the mechanical bull exercise as an example . Guests who have completed Pilates or the core-conditioning workout can take on this core-strengthening task -- cowboy hat not included . There 's also an adventurous bike track for riders of all levels and the renowned Prickly Pear Challenge Course -- with its multistep , vertical climbing elements and zip-line finish -- is sure to push all sorts of physical boundaries . To unwind , guests can always participate in a game of Texas Hold 'em . Four Seasons Hotel , Hampshire , England The Four Seasons property in the English countryside is so committed to its family-friendly programing that it has planned activities during key school holidays . So , it might be a Segway adventure during the Easter break or themed tea parties during the February half-term holiday . There 's also Henry 's Hangout -- a wooden playground stocked with swings , slides and a climbing wall . "  Tweens " may prefer the Rose Cottage with its games . The grand estate , however , is better suited for outdoorsy endeavors -- think boat rides on the canals , croquet , falconry , quad bikes -- especially when a new equestrian center opens this spring , featuring stabling space for 12 horses and a petting zoo . Hotel Unique , So Paulo , Brazil Hotel Unique lives up to its name . One of the most design-forward hotels in the world has an exterior resembling a slice of watermelon . While this hotel does n't offer the games of many of the hotels on our list , its curvaceous silhouette merits a mention -- and takes the edge off the see-and-be-seen vibe that attracts local glitterati to the rooftop terrace and bar . Many guests have not been able to resist trying to slide on a sloping wall near suites on the edges of the property . And fortunately , the multicolored indoor pool has something few city pools do : a slide .	Life-size chess , LEGO and Plinko are among the amenities at some hotels At Sea Island off the coast of Georgia , Bingo is a formal affair Primland Resort in Virginia puts on geocaching treasure hunts
CNN  -- A Tibetan man protesting China 's rule of the region set himself on fire Saturday , his death believed to be the first case of self-immolation this year -- but one that adds to a grim , growing toll . The death took place in Gansu province in northwestern China . It was reported by Free Tibet , a London-based organization that campaigns for self-determination for Tibetans , and by the U.S.-based Radio Free Asia . Free Tibet said the man was 22 , while Radio Free Asia put his age at 19 . Details of the death -- as has been the case with other such incidents -- are sketchy and difficult to verify . Internet content controlled by local authorities makes reliable information almost impossible to come by . Self-immolation is a common form of protest for Tibetans , who want genuine autonomy from China and accuse Beijing of repression . China began a gradual occupation of Tibet in the 1950s . Tibet 's spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , fled for India in 1959 after a failed uprising , and many ethnic Tibetans followed him . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . It makes centuries-old historical claims on the region . Self-immolation as a form of protest by Tibetans began in February 2009 , when a young monk set himself ablaze . In March 2011 , another young monk followed in his footsteps , becoming the first to die . By December 2012 , 95 Tibetans had carried out the act , with 28 self-immolations in November alone when China 's political elite ushered in its next generation of leaders during its Communist Party Congress . At least 81 of them died , according to the International Tibet Network , a coalition of some 150 pro-Tibet groups . . In his first speech as Communist Party leader , Xi Jinping stressed the need for unity in a country where the Party was becoming too distant from the people . This followed predecessor Hu Jintao 's comments to Congress delegates in November that the Party "  should consolidate and develop socialist ethnic relations of equality , unity , mutual assistance and harmony so that all ethnic groups in China will live and develop together in harmony . " But activists warn that if the Chinese government continues to tighten its grip on the Tibetan people in the name of stability , it will only create more resentment . They point to the growing list of young victims prepared to take such extreme action , which they say reflects a desperate and painful state of mind for many .	Details of the death are sketchy Self-immolation as protest started in 2009 By December last year , 95 Tibetans had carried out the act China rejects accusations of oppression
CNN  -- Wildfires burning across some 1.4 million acres in 12 states have forced the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses in one Texas county and claimed the lives of two firefighters in Florida , authorities said Tuesday . The two Florida Division of Forestry firefighters died Monday while fighting a wildfire in north-central Florida that had been declared contained but suddenly burst out of control , Amanda Bevis , a division spokeswoman , said Tuesday . "  They were both in tractors , and the fire literally just caught up with them , " she said . The firefighters were identified as Josh Burch , 31 , and Brett Fulton , 52 . Both were rangers with the forestry division working the Blue Ribbon Fire in Hamilton County . "  The wildfires have ravaged our state , burning more than 200,000 acres , and now , they have taken the lives of two of our very own men , " Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam said in a statement . Two other firefighters were injured trying to rescue their colleagues , Bevis said . They were treated and released Monday and will make full recoveries , she said . In Texas , a fast-moving fire near Grimes County destroyed at least 26 homes as it burned across more than 4,000 acres . The fire was caused by homeowners grilling near Stoneham , Texas , CNN affiliate KHOU-TV reported . Grimes County Sheriff Don Sowell said officials have identified a person of interest who is believed to have built the barbecue pit that started the fire , but as of now authorities do not believe there was any intent of arson . The speed of the fire forced evacuations of whole subdivisions throughout the area . Jerome Seeberger , who owns 40 acres of land in Grimes County , said there 's just one word to describe the scene . "  Apocalypse , " he told KHOU against a backdrop of charred trees . "  I 've never seen anything like this . Such a beautiful forest two days ago and now look at it . " The fires in Florida and Texas were just two of 53 large uncontained wildfires burning in 11 U.S. states , from Alaska to Florida , according to the National Interagency Coordination Center . All told , the fires have burned 2,166 square miles -- nearly the size of Delaware . About 10,400 firefighters are involved in efforts to contain the fires , with more than 7,000 of them in Arizona and New Mexico , where fires have burned 853,518 acres , according to the center . The largest of the fires continues to be the Wallow Fire in east central Arizona and west central New Mexico . That fire has burned 527,774 acres so far , the fire 's incident command team announced Tuesday , and is about 56 % contained . While residents of Greer , Arizona , are being allowed to return home , evacuation orders remain in effect in other parts of Arizona and in Luna , New Mexico . Residents in parts of Apache County , Arizona , also have been told to be prepared to evacuate should the need arise . Power has been fully restored in Alpine and Nutrioso , Arizona , but remains out in areas north of Blue River , fire officials said . In North Carolina , Forest Service officials said they are closely monitoring a fire in Pender County , which has burned more than 4,000 acres . Though evacuations have not been ordered , residents of Pender County said they are worried . Diane Kuzina 's voice broke as she described the fire 's path . Kuzina owns land near the Pender County line . "  I do n't want to lose my home , " she said . "  It 's just scary . " Critical fire weather was forecast Tuesday for parts of Arizona , Colorado , Florida , New Mexico , Oklahoma and Texas , with a combination of low humidity and high winds in many locations raising the threat from wildfires . The weather service also warned that scattered storms forecast in southeast Texas could bring welcome rain but also lightning that could spark new fires . The number of wildfires so far this year is below the 10-year average for the United States , according to the U.S. Forest Service . But the number of acres burned is three times that 10-year average , according to the agency . While some state and local authorities have reported stretched resources from the widespread fires , Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell told Congress last week that there 's plenty of capacity to continue fighting fires . The U.S. Forest Service and the Department of the Interior have about 16,000 trained firefighters available nationwide , Tidwell said . The agency also has left-over funds from previous years to pay higher-than-usual firefighting costs . CNN 's Craig Bell contributed to this report .	Acreage burned this year is three times the 10-year average , U.S. agency says A fast-moving Texas wildfire forces the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses Two firefighters die in a wildfire in Florida Nationally , more than 10,000 firefighters are battling wildfires
CNN  -- David Beckham returned to the AC Milan team to help inspire them to an emphatic 5-2 victory over Genoa on Wednesday which kept up the pressure up on Inter Milan at the top of Italy 's Serie A . The England midfielder is in his second spell with Milan having joined on loan from Los Angeles Galaxy for six months and replaced the injured Alexandre Pato in the starting line-up . Despite not getting on the scoresheet , Beckham 's passing created problems throughout and he impressed on the right of a three-man attack in a game watched by England coach Fabio Capello . Genoa took the lead in the 25th minute through Giuseppe Sculli gave , but a penalty from Ronaldinho , who had earlier missed from the spot , brought Leonardo 's team level in the 32nd minute . Thiago Silva gave Milan the lead at the break before two goals from Marco Borriello early in the second half and a penalty from Dutch international Klaas-Jan Huntelaar put the game beyond Genoa , who grabbed a consolation from David Suazo 11 minutes from time . Elsewhere , Inter Milan continued where they left off before the winter break with a 1-0 win over Chievo in Verona thanks to Mario Balotelli 's first-half strike . Goran Pandev was handed his debut by Jose Mourinho following his arrival on a free transfer earlier this month and he was involved in the only goal of the game . Neat work by Pandev and midfielder Wesley Sneijder sent Balotelli through on goal and his first shot was saved by Chievo keeper Stefano Sorrentino . Juventus returned to winning ways after three consecutive defeats in all competitions before the winter break with a 2-1 win over Parma thanks to goals from Hasan Salihamidzic and Paolo Castellini 's own-goal after Nicola Amoruso had equalized for Parma . Elsewhere , Roma conceded twice in stoppage time as they drew 2-2 with Cagliari while Napoli climbed up to fourth with a 2-0 win over Atalanta and Fiorentina hammered Siena 5-1 . Lazio eased their relegation worries with a 4-1 victory over Livorno as Catania boosted their survival hopes with a tense 1-0 win over Bologna . Sampdoria missed the chance to climb above Palermo in the table after being held to a 1-1 draw by the Sicilian outfit as new Udinese coach Gianni De Biasi suffered defeat in his first game in charge after his side were beaten 2-0 by Bari .	David Beckham returned to the AC Milan team to help inspire them an emphatic 5-2 victory over Genoa to keep the pressure up on Inter Milan . Beckham 's passing was danger throughout and he impressed in a game watched by England coach Fabio Capello . Inter remain top of the table after Mario Balotelli 's first-half strike gave them a 1-0 win over Chievo in Verona .
CNN  -- Members of the law enforcement community must sound their voices in support of comprehensive immigration reform for the sake of public safety and for the sake of our country . I write this as a former police chief in Mesa , Arizona , who now serves as the district attorney of San Francisco . I am an immigrant who came to the United States from Cuba at age 13 , as my family sought democracy and freedom . I cherish the history and values of our nation and hope that Congress , as it debates immigration reform , will courageously embody the best of our country , enact a humane solution to bring 11 million unauthorized immigrants out of the shadows and fully integrate them into American society . In the absence of federal action , states have taken immigration law into their own hands , implementing laws that drive a wedge between law enforcement and the people we are sworn to serve . A new study commissioned by Policy Link found that 45 % of Latinos in Chicago 's Cook County , Houston 's Harris County , Los Angeles and Phoenix 's Maricopa County were less likely to report crime because they fear police will inquire about their immigration status . More disturbing is that 70 % of undocumented immigrants surveyed reported they are less likely to contact police if they are victims of crime . When immigrants -- unauthorized or authorized - feel isolated from the protection of law enforcement , the entire community suffers . I saw this evidenced during my tenure as police chief in Mesa , Arizona , where local Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's reign of terror over the Latino community led to increased crime rates in his county . Arpaio blamed most crimes in Maricopa Country on undocumented immigrants and made racial profiling a common practice . He frequently detained people who "  looked Latino " until they could prove their status in the country . In direct contrast to this approach , I worked side by side with community groups and civil rights organizations to foster a sense of trust between the Latino community and the Mesa Police Department . The effects of a broken immigration system were a constant thread in the stories of Latino mothers , fathers and workers who refused to report crime for fear of being detained or deported . In Mesa , we lowered crime by some 30 % , according to FBI data -- a result of the trust our police department created with all communities , and not because of immigration enforcement . Law enforcement should focus on community safety , not enforcing immigration laws . That is not just my opinion , but that of the U.S. Supreme Court , which ruled against Arizona 's SB1070 , and of many police officers and law enforcement officials around the country . When undocumented immigrants live in the shadows , they become wary of law enforcement , crimes go unreported , perpetrators remain on the loose , and the safety of our communities is affected . Anti-immigrant forces have long scapegoated undocumented immigrants as the reason for higher crime rates and the need for greater border security . We in law enforcement must come together and inform our senators that immigrants are a valuable part of our communities . Research shows that areas with a high immigrant population often have much lower rates of crime than similar areas without high immigrant representation . Our borders are also more secure than they have ever been , with the United States already spending more than $ 17 billion annually on immigration and border enforcement . While it is important to control access to our nation and keep track of those who visit or come to work , establishing complete border security should not hold hostage the rest of the needed changes : Immigration reform means both border security and a sensible path to citizenship for aspiring Americans , instead of a narrow focus on just enforcement . As the immigration bill moves through Congress , the law enforcement community must lend its voice to demanding real comprehensive reform of our immigration system . We must rally around the most important aspect of the legislation -- an honest pathway to citizenship , not one filled with landmines , for the majority of aspiring Americans who already contribute to our economy and our communities . The time is now . Passing comprehensive immigration reform will make our communities safer and make our country stronger . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George Gascn .	George Gascon : Law enforcement should lend support to immigration reform He says immigrants less likely to report if they are victims of crimes if they fear police When he was top cop in Mesa , Arizona , he built trust with immigrants ; crime rate fell Gascon : Secure borders key , but at the same time U.S. needs path to citizenship
CNN  -- A shooter opened fire at a New Jersey mall late Monday , sending panic through the shopping center and igniting a massive police response . The gunman inside Westfield Garden State Plaza Mall in Paramus , New Jersey , had not yet been found during a sweep of the shopping center by Bergen County SWAT , said county Chief of Staff Jeanne Baratta . But authorities have identified a possible suspect , New Jersey State Police Sgt. Joe Lettieri said . Authorities swept through the mall store-by-store late into the night . Mayor Rich LaBarbiera said there have been no injuries , and authorities believe the gunman is no longer in the mall . At least one gunman is said to have fired shots at security cameras , the state police said . A single shell casing has been found , a Bergen County emergency management official said . Eddie Kahmann , who works inside the mall , told CNN he heard 6 or 7 gunshots around 9:20 p.m. ET . "  There was just people running like crazy , so I quickly just closed my doors , ran to the back , turned off all the lights , music and everything , just to stay hidden , " he said . Kahmann spoke from inside the mall , one of the largest shopping centers in the New York City area . Allie Cozic , another mall employee , said she saw "  someone dressed in all black , carrying a large gun , walk past our store . " She said she heard loud bangs about 10 minutes before her store was set to close for the night . "  It was just chaos . Everyone was just kind of running to wherever they could , " Cozic said . "  It was almost like when you 're watching a horror movie and the killer is walking slowly -- that 's what it seemed like . He was wearing all black , it almost looked like body armor of some kind . As soon as I saw the gun , I just turned and ran , " she said . There is a large police presence at the mall , which was set to close at 9:30 p.m. ET . There are about 20 vehicles both marked and unmarked . The FBI , including an FBI SWAT team , was also on the scene . "  There is a massive response from several agencies , " according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . Police were putting on flak jackets and bringing out assault weapons . People were pushed away from the mall and were telling CNN that they 've been told the shopping center was on lockdown . Westfield Garden State Plaza is located some 12 miles from Manhattan . It boasts of being home to nearly 300 specialty shops and boutiques . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun , Scott Garber and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	NEW : State police say a possible suspect has been identified Mayor : Authorities believe the gunman has left the mall A store-by-store sweep of Westfield Garden State Plaza is ongoing There are no immediate reports of injuries
CNN  -- A federal judge on Friday ordered a North Carolina teacher to remain in custody until her trial over an alleged plot to behead witnesses who testified against a would-be terrorist . Nevine Aly Elshiekh was arrested with Shkumbin Sherifi on January 22 . Just nine days earlier , the man they were allegedly in collusion with -- Hysen Sherifi , who is Shkumbin Sherifi 's brother -- was sentenced to 45 years in prison for being part of what prosecutors called a "  violent jihad " that had conspired to kill people overseas and kill a federal officer . A criminal complaint alleges that Elshiekh and the Sherifi brothers tried to pull off a plan to "  murder and behead " three people who testified against Hysen Sherifi at his trial last year . Facing charges of conspiracy to commit murder , Elshiekh is on leave as director of special education at the Sterling Montessori Academy in Morrisville , North Carolina , a Raleigh-Durham suburb . The man listed in court documents as her lawyer , Charles Swift , did not immediately respond to messages Friday for comment . A longtime friend of Elshiekh 's said the charges do n't reflect who she is . "  It 's hard for me to imagine that she could be involved with anything crazy or shady . She 's not the type of person to get involved in stupid stuff , " Sahar El Shafie said . "  Anyone who knows the woman would tell you no way . It 's so out of character for someone who is a special education teacher . " Prosecutors said Hysen Sherifi -- a native of Kosovo who is a U.S. legal permanent resident in North Carolina -- and as many as eight others were part of a homegrown terrorism ring between 2006 and 2009 . In Hysen Sherifi 's case , officials say that involved taking part in paramilitary training and conspiring to attack U.S. military service members and their families at the Marine Corps base in Quantico , Virginia . He was arrested in 2009 and convicted in October of conspiring to kill a federal officer or employee , plotting to kill people overseas , conspiring to provide material support for terrorism and two firearms charges . According to the 10-page federal complaint , confidential informants told the FBI that Hysen Sherifi expressed a desire to hire someone to murder three witnesses who testified against him during his federal trial . He also targeted an inmate who he believed had "  defrauded " him out of money concerning his federal charges , documents state . "  During conversations ... he wants photographs taken , and provided  to  him , of the dead bodies and severed heads , " an FBI special agent in charge noted after reviewing recordings between Hysen Sherifi and an informant . "  Sherifi , in sum and substance , explained he wants the witnesses to completely disappear so they can not testify against him , and others , at any future trials . " The complaint said that an informant was told to use the photos depicting the decapitated bodies to "  convince other potential witnesses not to testify against him , or his co-conspirators , at future proceedings . " Elshiekh visited Hysen Sherifi in a North Carolina jail in December , at which point Sherifi gave her a message to pass on to someone else , the criminal complaint states . In subsequent months , she had repeated contacts with the jailed man , his brother Shkumbin Sherifi and the FBI 's informants . Then , in January , Elshiekh allegedly gave an informant $ 750 as initial payment to kill one of the intended victims . Shkumbin Sherifi gave the same informant the other $ 4,250 of the agreed-upon fee , the complaint states . A Raleigh , North Carolina-based group called Our Ummah , One Body is urging people not to make assumptions before hearing all sides of the case . "  Allegations are not facts , " the group said on its website . "  Facts are not known yet . As a community , we have known good from both . We remind the Muslim and non-Muslim community members that , according to the law , both are presumed innocent until proven otherwise . " CNN 's Yasmin Amer contributed to this report .	Nevine Aly Elshiekh is held in alleged plot to behead witnesses against would-be terrorist She is on leave from position at Montessori school in North Carolina Friend says charges do n't reflect who she is
New York  CNN  -- Two men are in custody in connection with the death of a 16-month-old boy shot while his father pushed his stroller across a Brooklyn street , authorities said Friday . The father , Anthony Hennis , 21 , was pushing Antiq Hennis in his stroller near their home on Sunday evening . The child was shot in the left side of his head , according to police . New York detectives and U.S. marshals apprehended the two men Friday morning at a Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , apartment according to NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly . Daquan Breland , 23 , and Daquan Wright , 19 , are awaiting extradition back to New York . Because they have not been charged , police said they do n't know whether they have attorneys . Both men have some kind of relationship with the young boy 's father , who has declined to be interviewed , according to Kelly . Breland is on parole for a felony assault in upstate New York , according to police . An eyewitness said Breland opened fire after Wright handed him a gun , according to Kelly , who did not cite a possible motive . The shooting came two days after a Georgia jury convicted an 18-year-old man of murder in the shooting of a 1-year-old baby in a stroller in the coastal city of Brunswick . De'Marquise Elkins faces a mandatory life sentence in the March 21 killing of Antonio Santiago . The child 's mother said Elkins shot her and the baby after demanding money .	Father was walking near Brooklyn home when boy was shot Two men apprehended in Pennsylvania
CNN  -- At the launch party for Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg 's controversial new book , "  Lean In , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg complained only half jokingly that the book -- which hit Amazon.com 's best seller list well ahead of its March 11 release -- is doing way better than his book did . Then he introduced Arianna Huffington , who introduced the woman of the moment . And this is unquestionably a moment . Its significance can be measured by the roiling controversy touched off in recent weeks over the role and place of women in society .  If estrogen were combustible , smoke detectors would be screeching .  More specifically : How women navigate life as they inch their way toward a fair and equal share of roles in a still male-dominated workplace and in the home space . Sandberg and two other alpha females -- Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer , and Princeton professor and former top State Department official Anne-Marie Slaughter -- have taken turns at the center of the debate , Mayer recently when she declared an end to employee flextime in favor of face time , angering many women  and men  , who considered the move a step back . The myth of balancing motherhood and a successful career Slaughter , in an Atlantic article last year , wrote of backing away from her State Department job over mom-guilt and then criticized Sandberg for signaling in her popular video talks "  more than a note of reproach " to such a retreat , while she encouraged women to stay in the game , come what may . The new book by Sandberg , chief operating officer of Facebook , may have caused the biggest stir . It 's a well-researched overview of problems women face navigating what she calls the career "  jungle gym , " and exhorts women to embrace their power , live up to their highest ambitions , and own the work/life choices made along the way . Some women -- many who have n't read it -- have slammed it as elitist or as placing the burden of change too much on women and not enough on workplaces . I 've been an activist for women for decades , so I 'm thrilled that a top female corporate leader has declared her intention to energize a new wave of women 's advancement . But the inevitable backlash is a troubling diversion . For one thing , why is this a women 's discussion ? Who ever judged a man for not being home to cook his child 's dinner or wipe her nose ? Or opting not to take paternity leave ? Why this incessant drumbeat about women and the work/life choices they make ? Why should only women shoulder the double burden of work and family responsibilities ? And why has n't the workplace caught up to the needs of the women who have been flooding into it for years now ? One answer , according to a research paper last year from a team headed by University of North Carolina 's Sreedhari Desai , may be resistance of married men with stay-at-home wives . The team 's findings included , for example , that "  employed husbands in traditional and neo-traditional marriages , compared to those in modern marriages , tend to  a  view the presence of women in the workplace unfavorably ,  b  perceive that organizations with larger numbers of female employees are operating less smoothly ,  c  find organizations with female leaders as relatively unattractive , and  d  deny , more frequently , qualified female employees opportunities for promotion . " Organizational structures of workplaces were , after all , designed originally by men , for men with wives at home caring for the kids , the old folks , and the house . And culturally ingrained "  implicit bias " influences both men and women to value men 's traditional leadership roles more than women 's . Opinion : Working moms , do n't try to be perfect at home But such attitudes are neither realistic nor sustainable . In today 's world of two-earner families , businesses that do n't shift to accommodate to families ' needs -- such as paid sick leave flexible enough to permit caring for children and elders -- are not only dysfunctional , they lose their women workers . Recognizing this brain drain and its negative impact on business , nearly 550 CEOs from major companies globally have signed the Women 's Empowerment Principles , a collaboration between U.N. Women and the U.N. Global Compact  its tagline : "  Equality means business "  . I recently attended a convocation of this group , which includes such giants as Ernst & Young , Deloitte , Calvert , and Accenture , and heard male and female executives passionately asserting that inclusion of women is not just the right thing to do , it is a strategic business imperative . If women are so strategically important -- and graduating from college and pouring into the job market at a higher rate than men -- should n't they be in a position to demand a more family-friendly workplace ? Consider : If women had been in charge of creating the organizational structures for the last few hundred years , would n't we all have figured out how to care for the kids and elders without losing the value of half the population 's intelligence in the workplace ? It is time for women to stand up to seize this moment , as sure to wreak havoc with prevailing norms as the Second Wave feminism that inspired me in the 1960s to morph from real West Texas housewife  I mean really real -- three kids by age 20 and no employable skills  to college student to volunteer women 's activist to a full-out career . Let 's stop dancing on the head of a pin to someone else 's argument about who is more righteous : the woman who opts out to care for children , or the one who leans in to leadership in the corporate world , or the one who dodges both options to create a part-time alternative . Conflicts like this keep women fighting each other rather than using our collective power to push for systemic changes in the workplace , changes that can open up choices for us and generations to come . Work and family : How do you it work ? Creating them is n't easy , but the steps are simple . I call it Sister Courage , and like-minded men are welcome to join . First , be a sister at work -- make alliances with people who share your concerns . Do n't let yourself be isolated . Reach out to give help and ask for help when you need it . Second , have the courage to raise issues . Engage even when it 's hard . That does n't mean being unkind . It does mean not backing off . It means defining your own terms -- for flextime , for pay raises , for promotion , for creating a practical , productive work situation where everyone wins . As a military strategist once told his advisers , when they told him they could n't possibly win on the battlefield as mapped : "  Draw a bigger map . " And negotiation expert Victoria Pynchon says women do benefit most from negotiation when they operate from a straightforward position they define and stick to . And third , put sister and courage together into a purposeful strategy and keep moving until you 've reached the goal . Do n't backslide in the pursuit of parity goals . As Linda Hirshman illustrated in "  Victory : The Triumphant Gay Revolution , " the gay rights movement has changed attitudes toward same-sex couples by applying these movement-building principles . If women quit arguing and work toward systemic changes together , we can retool the workplace for a successful 21st century . If we do n't ? Twenty years from now we may still be bemoaning the fact that even though women earn 57 % of college degrees , hold 85 % of the consumer purchasing purse , are 54 % of voters and half the workplace , they 're stuck at under one-fifth of congressional , corporate board , and top management seats . Social movements by nature are messy and do not go in straight lines . Striving together , not just to adapt ourselves , but to change the system is the key to a fair , just , and thriving society for women and men . Editor 's note : Join CNN Opinion on Facebook for a live discussion about women and the workplace on Tuesday from noon to 1 p.m. ET . Bring your questions and thoughts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Feldt .	Gloria Feldt : Work/life balance and women 's success big issues in the culture recently Feldt : Sandberg , Mayer , Slaughter at center of moment that 's divided women ; it must n't She asks : Why is this still problem ? Workplace should be changing for big influx of women Feldt : Workplace structure laid out by men , but women should use new leverage to change it
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A woman on a boat died after a spotted eagle ray leaped from the water off the Florida Keys Thursday and struck her , officials said . The dead spotted eagle ray lies on the deck of a boat in Florida . The force of the blow pushed the woman backward and she died when she hit her head on the boat deck , officials said . "  It 's just as freakish of an accident as I have heard , " said Jorge Pino of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . "  The chances of this occurring are so remote that most of us are completely astonished that this happened . " The commission identified the woman as Judy Kay Zagorski , 57 , of Pigeon , Michigan . The woman was seated or standing in the front of the boat as it traveled at about 25 mph out of a channel , Pino said . "  The ray just actually popped up in front of the vessel , " he said . "  The father had not even a second to react . It was too late . It happened instantly and the woman fell backwards and , unfortunately , died as a result of the collision . " The accident happened off the coast of Marathon , about 2 1/2 hours by car south of Miami . The woman , who was with her father and several other family members and friends , was taken to Fisherman Hospital in Marathon , where she was pronounced dead . Watch marine officers work around dead ray on boat " Pino said he had seen rays leap into the air , but added , "  it 's very rare for them to collide with objects . " Watch experts explain why eagle rays leap " The spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 to 80 pounds and had a 6-foot wingspan , said Pino . Watch officials investigate eagle ray collision " Florida Fish and Wildlife said eagle rays "  are not an aggressive species , but they do tend to leap from the water . " Spotted eagle rays can have a wingspan of up to 10 feet and can weigh 500 pounds , it said . Learn more about eagle rays " Television personality Steve Irwin was killed when a ray 's barb pierced his heart in September 2006 . A month later , an 81-year-old Florida man , James Bertakis , survived after a ray leapt from the water and stung him in the heart , according to the Orlando Sentinel . He spent five weeks on a ventilator and his recovery took several months , his sons told the Detroit Free Press in his former home state of Michigan . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Woman 's death result of impact after fish strikes her on boat , officials say Victim was 57-year-old woman from Michigan Spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , sheriff 's spokeswoman says Woman , who was with her father and family , was pronounced dead at hospital
CNN  -- Perhaps Sandra Bullock was just overwhelmed . The "  Gravity " star had a busy Thursday thanks to her Oscar nod , and by the time she took the stage at that night 's Critics ' Choice Movie Awards , she let an F-bomb slip during her acceptance speech for best actress in an action movie . Bullock was trying to get out her "  thank you 's " when a technical glitch interrupted . "  What the f *** ? " a surprised Bullock said before joking that she 's an action star . The 49-year-old was n't the only to go off-script that night : Bradley Cooper sneaked in the expletive during the best comedy acceptance speech , calling his co-stars "  these f *** ing actors . " So the two played it a little loose , but on the other hand , they were probably still riding a high from that morning 's celebration . Cooper , too , is nominated for an Oscar this year in the best supporting actor category . 2014 Oscars : The nominees list In fact , some of the Critics ' Choice picks mirrored Academy nominations for Oscars earlier that day : Matthew McConaughey , Cate Blanchett , Alfonso Cuaron and "  12 Years A Slave 's " Lupita Nyong ' o were all winners . Could this be a reflection of what we 'll see on Oscars night ? "  12 Years " director Steve McQueen is probably hoping so . Although it was Cuaron 's "  Gravity " that won the most awards -- a total of seven , including best director , best score , best sci-fi/horror film and best visual effects -- it was "  12 Years " that took home the big prize of the night , best picture . The film 's screenwriter , John Ridley , also won the Critics ' Choice award for best adapted screenplay . Here 's the full list of winners . Will any of these affect your Oscar picks ? Remember that you can vote for your top choices and share them with our Oscar ballot . Best picture : "  12 Years a Slave " Best actor : Matthew McConaughey , "  Dallas Buyers Club " Best actress : Cate Blanchett , "  Blue Jasmine " Best supporting actor : Jared Leto , "  Dallas Buyers Club " Best supporting actress : Lupita Nyong ` o , "  12 Years a Slave " Best young actor/actress : Adele Exarchopoulos , "  Blue Is the Warmest Color " Best acting ensemble : "  American Hustle " Best director : Alfonso Cuaron , "  Gravity " Best original screenplay : Spike Jonze , "  Her " Best adapted screenplay : John Ridley , "  12 Years a Slave " Best cinematography : Emmanuel Lubezki , "  Gravity " Best art direction : Catherine Martin  production designer  , Beverley Dunn  set decorator  , "  The Great Gatsby " Best editing : Alfonso Cuaron and Mark Sanger , "  Gravity " Best costume design : Catherine Martin , "  The Great Gatsby " Best hair & makeup : "  American Hustle " Best visual effects : "  Gravity " Best animated feature : "  Frozen " Best action movie : "  Lone Survivor " Best actor in an action movie : Mark Wahlberg , "  Lone Survivor " Best actress in an action movie : Sandra Bullock , "  Gravity " Best comedy : "  American Hustle " Best actor in a comedy : Leonardo DiCaprio , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Best actress in a comedy : Amy Adams , "  American Hustle " Best sci-fi/horror movie : "  Gravity " Best foreign language film : "  Blue Is the Warmest Color " Best documentary feature : "  20 Feet From Stardom " Best song : "  Let It Go " Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez , "  Frozen " Best score : Steven Price , "  Gravity "	The Critics ' Choice Movie Award winners were announced Thursday Oscar nominee Sandra Bullock picked up another honor While accepting her award , Bullock let an F-bomb slip Other winners included "  12 Years A Slave , " which won best picture
Ahead of me , a trail of lights snakes up toward the sky , moving relentlessly , step-by-step , in the darkness . I 've tackled quite a few mountains in my life , but never have I hiked with as many solemn spirits as on Adam 's Peak in Sri Lanka . Barefoot pilgrims are all around me . There are women , whose bangles can be heard rattling against tired ankles , and monks , pulling their maroon robes over their left shoulders to shield from the mountain chill . We 're all going up silently toward the summit of what is a holy mountain for Buddhists , Hindus , Muslims and Christians in Sri Lanka . The 2,243-meter  7,359 feet  Adam 's Peak lies among the island nation 's southern Central Highlands , 150 kilometers  93 miles  east of the capital Colombo . It 's one of Sri Lanka 's highest mountains , rising like a green fang from a carpet of dense forest reserve where wild elephants and leopards still dwell . It is n't the scenery or wildlife that daily pulls in thousands of pilgrims though . All of them are here to see a 1.8-meter-long rock formation that juts out from the summit . Tough going To Buddhists , Sri Pada , or the sacred footprint , is an imprint left by the Buddha himself . Hindus say it belonged to Shiva while Christians and Muslims consider it a sign of Adam 's passage . Local legend has it that Sri Lanka 's King Valagambahu was the first to stumble upon Sri Pada during a reign that ended in about 76 BC . The peak gets another historic name check from none other than Marco Polo , who visited in the 14th century , reporting that his ascent was tough going . Today , a stone staircase helps almost every Sri Lankan tackle the peak several times during their lives . From December to May , the mountain glows nightly as torchlit pilgrims follow the trail to the top . Some climb in the afternoon to reach the shrine at sundown but the most popular and spiritual time to ascend is the middle of the night , summiting just in time to catch the first rays of dawn . Just getting to Adam 's Peak is an act of devotion . Pure pilgrimage After traveling from the central city town of Kandy to Hatton on a slow train through the relentless greenery of the area 's Ceylonese tea estates , I catch a rickety bus to continue my journey . My destination is Dalhousie , a cluster of chai stalls , home stays and informal restaurants that marks the starting point of the five-kilometer Nallathanni climbing route , the shortest way to the summit . The basic facilities on offer are attuned to the reasons for the climb . This is n't a leisure pursuit , but a pure pilgrimage . My ascent begins at a chilly 3 a.m. . The climb can take between two and a half and four hours -- I 'm aiming to summit at the break of dawn at 6.30 a.m. Groups of pilgrims dressed in white lead me through the dark and to the beginning of the incline . "  Each time feels like the first , " says Saman , a slender man from a village near Bentota on Sri Lanka 's southern coast . He and his wife are tackling their fifth climb , accompanying their six-year-old son for his first ascent . Before the path starts rising , a monk from the nearby Japanese temple comes forward and in exchange for an offering , ties a white string around my waist as a form of blessing . And so , with the eyes of one of Sri Pada 's benevolent gods hopefully on me , I proceed upward as the incline slowly turns into a stone staircase . Spiritual awakening ? Along the way , vendors cook pans of soothing chai over portable gas stoves . Prices , like the sacred mountain , are steep . The peak comes into view a couple hours into the climb . Many hikers greet it with determined expressions , their only goal to arrive at Sri Pada before sunrise . As we get nearer , the darkness disperses in tones of blue . Just before dawn throws shards of burning red across the sky , we sail into a sea of pilgrims surrounding the shrine 's platform . It 's quite a sight . Pilgrims walk in circles reciting mantras , queuing up to pray before the sacred footprint . On the edge of the slope , young monks in wool hats hold their robes tight under their chins with chilled fingers , waiting for the sun 's rays to bring the new day . With the sound of tolling bells at my back , I join the line and watch first light over central Sri Lanka . The spectacle is enough to stop my legs from aching and make me forget that I must , at some point , return to Earth . Getting there Two daily trains leave from Kandy to Hatton . Number 1005 departs at 8:47 a.m. and arrives at 11:12 a.m. while number 1015 leaves at 11:10 a.m. and arrives at 13:26 p.m. Buses run to Dalhousie from Hatton 's train station until early afternoon . During pilgrimage season  December to May  , there are direct buses to Dalhousie from Colombo , Kandy and Nuwara Eliya . However , the scenic train route across the Hill Country is highly recommended .	The 2,243-meter  7,359 feet  Adam 's Peak lies amid Sri Lanka 's southern Central Highlands Hiking up Adam 's Peak to see the sacred footprint near the summit at sunrise is a popular pilgrimage The journey to get there is an ordeal that requires devotion
CNN  -- San Sebastian has what you could call food form . Three restaurants in the town of 200,000 on Spain 's northeastern Atlantic coast hold the gastronomic holy grail of three Michelin stars -- only Kyoto has more Michelin-starred eateries per square meter . It 's already pretty obvious why global gourmets frequently place it atop their must-eat list . And then you add the pintxos . Pintxos , or spikes in the Basque language that 's proudly heard throughout the region , are tapas taken to a whole new level . No sweaty chorizo or clammy calamari on cocktail sticks here . San Sebastian 's pintxos bars are culinary tours de force in their own right , delivering dishes that would n't look out of place in their Michelin-starred neighbors . The only challenge facing visitors to this gastronomic wonderland is not what , but where , to eat . I took the route of long , slow restaurant lunches , followed by late night hopping between the pintxos bars . Foie gras ice cream My food quest kicked off with lunch at the venerable institution , Arzak . It 's here that 71-year-old Juan-Mari Arzak has held a Michelin star for 40 years and three stars for a quarter of a century . Twenty-five years at the absolute pinnacle of any profession is remarkable , but in the uber-competitive world of fine dining , it 's unprecedented . Arzak the restaurant is the story of the Arzak family . Juan-Mari 's grandparents built the property as a wine cellar and tavern in 1897 , while he started working there in 1966 . The unassuming exterior on a suburban street leads into a modernist dining room where the same menu is served at lunch and in the evening . Calling it a meal , however , does n't really do it justice . It 's a culinary joyride of beauty , complexity and even wit . Foie gras is served as an ice cream , featuring caramelized onions and green tea , in an inverted yucca cone dusted with shellfish powder . Fine dining laboratory A deceptively simple but sublime dish features cubes of potato , egg yolk and white truffle . For an overload of smells , tastes , sights and sounds , grilled lobster with charcoal-roasted zucchini is served on a translucent plate above an iPad playing a video of waves crashing in to shore . Seriously . Arzak 's post-dessert petits fours feature a candy shop and workshop mash-up called Ferreteria Arzak , or Arzak Ironmongers , with silver sugar keys , cola bottle tops , chocolate nuts and screws . As would be expected from one of the world 's top restaurants , the wine cellar features terrifyingly rare and expensive vintages . A back-of-house look reveals a laboratory where new dishes are created and a room featuring 1,500 different spices . World 's most popular tortillas ? The Arzak family have defined and owned Michelin-starred cuisine in San Sebastian and cemented the town 's reputation . Today that reputation is as much focused on pintxos bars as Michelin stars and , having gradually recovered from an epic lunch , it 's time to consider evening options . While it 's possible to be led by your eyes into one of scores of pintxos bars , a small group tour is an excellent introduction and allows you to get to know some of the very best dishes and venues . Englishman Jon Warren ditched a career in finance to follow his passion , setting up San Sebastian Food to offer tours of the bars , local producers and vineyards that give the Basque region such an enviable reputation . He explains that the pintxos bars "  are the cool , young siblings to the Michelin stars and offer ultimate flexibility ; informal dining , bite-sized portions , low prices and the chance to switch at the turn of a heel from traditional to modern cuisine . " An evening tour led by a donostiarra  a San Sebastian local  takes visitors from one to the next for small bites and pours of local ciders and wines , especially txakoli , a slightly sparkling young white wine . Countless bars , some traditional , others more cutting edge in cuisine and atmosphere , try to outdo one another with heaving displays or specialties . Bar Nestor serves a famous tortilla , but only in limited numbers , at 1 p.m. and 8 p.m. precisely . Turn up 15 minutes late and prepare to leave disappointed . Legendary anchovies The rare delicacy of percebes or goose barnacles at Goiz Barci are less punctual , but worth spending time on . The boquerones  fresh anchovies  at Txepetxa are legendary . Warren nails pintxos culture when he says it 's all about the social context . "  Lining the streets of the old town , everyone is there to have fun , between the barmen , the locals and visitors , creating a lively camaraderie filled with wine , food and chattering . " As if the culinary gods had n't blessed San Sebastian enough with Michelin stars and pintxos bars , there are also scores of artisanal producers dotted throughout the historic town . The central food market is a treasure trove of local produce , in particular the rightly famous jamon iberico de bellota  ham from acorn-fed pigs  . In those brief pauses between eating some of the world 's greatest food , it 's worth taking a walk on the beautiful beaches or promenade , drinking in the sea air and stunning vistas and dreaming of being a donostiarra . Arzak , Avda . Alcalde El  segui , 273 , Donostia , San Sebastian , Spain ; +34943278465 San Sebastian Food , Hotel Maria Cristina , Republica Argentina Kalea , 4 ; +34 943 42 11 43	Visiting Arzak restaurant is one of the highlights of a San Sebastian culinary tour Arzak is run by 71-year-old Juan Mari Arzak , who has had a Michelin star for 40 years , and his daughter Bar Nestor sells a tortilla so popular it 's usually sold out within 15 minutes
CNN  -- Remember the name : Joao Moreira . You may not have heard of him yet , but you soon will . Since arriving at Kranji nearly three years ago , the Brazilian has quickly become Singapore 's top jockey . It 's a long way from Sao Paulo , where the 27-year-old struggled when he started his apprenticeship . "  My first six months were really bad because I did n't have any experience , " Moreira told CNN . "  My first trainer  gave me a ride on a filly and I did n't really have control of her in the race . He said to me , ` Joao , you should look for another job because you do n't have the skill to be riding horses . ' "  That broke my heart . But I continued to work for him and when he saw I was n't going to leave he started giving me advice and really helped me . After that he started giving me more opportunities , including my first Group winner . He was very important in my life and I will always appreciate that . " So what was the advice that his trainer gave him ? "  Riding horses is not that difficult , but riding horses in races is really difficult . Not only do you have to have balance and skill , but you are riding against other jockeys , " Moreira said . "  You are trying to beat them , but how ? You must try to be the smartest one in the race . Really know when to make your move . Study the handicaps to see which horse is going to lead . " The advice certainly seems to have done the trick . Moreira recently rode his 100th winner for the second consecutive season . But there is one prize in Singaporean racing that still eludes him : the Gold Cup . "  I have n't had a winner in the Cup yet , so you could say it is my dream . The horse I 'm riding  Martial Art  has got a chance so I 'm just hoping . " What will be his strategy on Sunday ? "  My horse will probably be somewhere in the middle of the field or a little bit further behind , " he said . "  I want to be as close as possible to the fence and give my horse every chance . The distance is quite long  2,200 meters  so there 's time , but you do n't want to get caught wide at the first bend . " Whether or not Moreira captures his first Gold Cup on Sunday , it seems that the jockey already has one eye on his next career move . He is certainly not short of offers . Australia beckons -- he has already enjoyed success there this season and is a popular figure Down Under , where he is nicknamed "  Super Joe . " Hong Kong has also been floated as a possible next step . His fellow jockeys at Kranji are full of praise for the charismatic Brazilian . "  This guy has got a bright future , " says veteran rider V. Sivan . "  He 's young , talented and he 's gifted . Singapore is a good first step for him . " Moreira is keeping his options open : "  Nobody knows yet , not even myself ! "	Joao Moreira seeking to win Singapore Gold Cup for the first time on Sunday Brazilian has become Singapore 's leading jockey in the past three years He arrived after an inauspicious start to his career as an apprentice in Sao Paulo Moreira is mulling over his future , considering moving to Australia or Hong Kong
CNN  -- An extra day once every four years does n't really give travelers much more time to play , but it 's an excuse for the hospitality industry to create special Leap Year travel offers .  Each year is actually 365 days plus about 6 hours . An additional day is added to the calendar every four years to keep the calendar in sync with the seasonal year . Swim into San Diego . If you stay three nights at the Hotel Palomar in San Diego , the fourth night is $ 29 . Also included are a $ 29 daily food and beverage credit and morning coffee and tea service in the hotel living room . The rate must be booked by February 29 . Rooms start at $ 229 and the fourth night charge is $ 29 . The offer is valid for travel between February 22 and March 7 . Call 888288-6601 or book online and include rate code PLPY . iReport photo challenge : Take a leap ! Stay up all night at Disney . For the first time ever , both Disneyland in Anaheim California and Magic Kingdom Park will be open on Leap Day for 24 hours starting at 6 a.m. February 29  Select attractions , entertainment and services will be available .  If you ca n't take mid-week trip to the Happiest Place on Earth , you can still enter to win a vacation package every day through February 29 . Donald Trump at a discount . Trump Hotel Collection properties in New York , Chicago , Las Vegas , Panama , Toronto and Waikiki are offering 29 % off all suites booked on February 29 , 2012 , for stays between March 1 and April 30 , 2012 . Daily rates for suites before the discount for March 1-April 30 start at : Trump International Hotel in Chicago from $ 458 ; Trump SoHo New York from $ 645 ; Trump International Hotel in New York from $ 995 ; Trump Ocean Club International Hotel in Panama from $ 289 ; Trump International Hotel in Toronto from $ 695 ; and Trump International Waikiki Beach Walk from $ 619 ; Trump International Hotel Las Vegas from $ 169 . Reservations can be made online or by calling 855878-6700 . A stroll through Harvard Square . Think smart and bookmark February 29 at 2:29 pm to make your reservation at the Charles Hotel during the hotel 's one-hour online flash sale . The Charles is offering 29 % off new reservations for deluxe rooms and suites made between 2:29 p.m. and 3:29 p.m. Limited blackout dates apply . Standard daily room rates start at $ 199 . Commit to Paris now , travel later . Book your reservation at the Hotel de Buci by February 29 for a visit anytime in 2012 , and upgrade your room for an additional 29 euros  based on availability at check in  . Also enjoy breakfast for two for 29 euros . Daily room rates start at 260 euros . Book at the hotel 's special leap year site .	The Charles Hotel in Cambridge , Massachusetts , is having a Leap Year flash sale Several Trump hotels are offering 29 % off suites booked on February 29 Hotel de Buci in Paris is offering discounted upgrades on rooms booked by Leap Day
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court gave unanimous support to an American father 's court fight to regain custody of his daughter living overseas , saying the case is still active even if the child is out of the country . This decision could establish important precedent on the discretion of U.S. courts to decide where youngsters caught in parental fights should stay . It also addresses a key question at the intersection of American and international law . "  This dispute is very much alive , " the justices said in their ruling . The jurisdictional matter before the high court involved a U.S. Army sergeant from Alabama and his Scottish-born wife , who returned alone to her home country with their daughter , Eris . A federal court said the child should remain in Scotland since it was her "  habitual residence " under international law . The court also said the custody issue was moot since the girl was overseas . Lynne Chafin and her lawyers said the purpose of the Hague Convention treaty was to stop children like her 5-year-old daughter from bouncing back and forth between countries over custody . Justices divided over international custody dispute But the girl 's father , Jeffrey Chafin , says the custody fight began in American courts where the girl was living at the time , and that his legal claims were never fully heard in those venues . The Obama administration supported the father and the Supreme Court ultimately sided with him as well , saying his appeal could continue . "  The Hague Convention mandates the prompt return of children to their countries of habitual residence . But such return does not render this case moot ; there is a live discussion between the parties over where their child will be raised , " the justices said . More than 80 nations are a party to the treaty , including the United States and Britain . The case is : Jeffrey Chafin v. Lynn Chafin  11-1347 CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report	Girl at center of custody dispute lives overseas with her mother U.S. soldier 's appeals were denied by lower court , but case now revived International treaty terms tested limits of American law in custody battle
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Nine people killed in a military action targeting militants in eastern Afghanistan apparently were members of an insurgent network , a U.S. military official told CNN on Tuesday . "  The operation was against a network of folks , who had been tracked for a while , involved in producing IEDs as well as some criminal activity , " said the official , who asked not to be named . "  As a result of the action , the best info that we have is that nine of those militants in that network were killed . That 's based on weapons and IED components at the scene , " and it appears the nine were males , the official said . IED is the acronym for improvised explosive device , which is a roadside bomb . U.S.-led forces in Afghanistan said Monday they were investigating reports that 10 Afghan civilians , including eight students , were killed Saturday in a coalition operation in the Narang district of Kunar province . Said Fazelayallah , governor of Kunar province , told CNN Monday that 10 civilians , in fact , were killed . Coalition forces said they killed their targets , he said , but a delegation sent by the governor to investigate reported the civilian casualties . Civilian casualties in the Afghan war have stoked outrage among the citizenry and Afghan authorities . U.S. and other international forces have been working to stop such fatalities , and they have accused Taliban militants of putting civilians in harm 's way . The United Nations in Afghanistan said on Tuesday that from January to October of this year , 1,404 deaths have been caused by insurgents ; 465 have been caused by pro-government forces , such as NATO 's International Security Assistance Force ; and other causes have led to 165 civilian deaths . In this Kunar province incident , Fazelayallah said the operation was launched without the knowledge of government officials in the province . The U.S. military source said it was "  a joint operation with Afghan and U.S. forces . " The numbers of civilian casualties have fallen off in recent months , since Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal took over as U.S. commander in Afghanistan . The military 's goal is to protect population centers to enable the government to improve security and governance , McChrystal told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour earlier this month . Civilian casualties , he said , make it less likely that the Afghans will support the coalition . "  It is better to miss a target than to cause civilian casualties , " he said . "  We can always target enemy leaders later . We ca n't make up for the fact that we killed civilians . " CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	U.S. source : Nine militants involved in building roadside bombs were killed Provincial governor says panel found 10 civilians were killed in coalition operation The U.S.-led operation took place in the Narang district of Kunar province on Saturday
CNN  -- Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohammed Badie and 36 other supporters of ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy got life sentences Saturday in Cairo , state media reported . The defendants are accused of inciting violence . An additional 10 defendants sentenced to death in June have had their sentences upheld by Egypt 's Grand Mufti , who , by law , must review capital punishment decisions . This is the second sentence handed down to Badie , who was found guilty and sentenced to death in April . He was convicted of taking part in a deadly attack on a police station last year . READ MORE : Egypt court upholds 183 death sentences READ MORE : Hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters face death	Mohammed Badie sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence 36 other surpporters of ousted Egyptian president also face life behind bars Badie , leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , was sentenced to death in April
CNN  Change is coming to Ferguson . In the next few weeks the Department of Justice  DOJ  will begin to negotiate in earnest with the city to restructure the police department , which the department has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination . It should not be forgotten that the DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests and activism following the killing of Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer and by revelations about the town 's dysfunctional government and court system by local civil rights law groups . Now , after a half year of unrest , and with citizens on Tuesday electing two new black city council members , change is beginning to come to Ferguson . The question is , what kind of change ? The report from the Department of Justice offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens . Through illegal traffic stops and arrests , and the use of excessive force , the police department held town residents in bondage . The municipal court system used excessive court fines and fees to ensure that citizens arrested for even minor infractions would be charged thousands of dollars or face jail time . Court costs and fees constituted the second-largest sources of revenue for the town . Rather than a force for public safety , the Ferguson Police Department became , according to Attorney General Eric Holder , "  a collection agency " -- one that preyed disproportionately on the town 's African-American residents . The evidence of ugly and explicit racial discrimination was devastating . It included blatantly racist emails traded among officers , and evidence that African-Americans were victims in all of the police canine bite incidents recorded by the department . But just a few weeks before the release of the report , the Ferguson police chief declared there were "  no racial issues " in his department . Ferguson 's ugly , racist emails released The recommendations in the report , ranging from new training and supervision of police officers , addressing racially discriminatory conduct to structural revisions in the court system , will , if implemented , remake the law enforcement system in the town .  A grand jury that investigated the shooting of Brown by Officer Darren Wilson chose not to file charges against him and the Justice Department also did n't find reason to prosecute . Without question , change is coming to the town 's government . Town Manager John Shaw , Ferguson 's most powerful official and , until the DOJ 's blistering report , the one who inexplicably managed to elude public scrutiny , resigned weeks ago and has been replaced by the city 's deputy manager . Three sitting city council members chose not to run for office again and , on Tuesday , citizens elected two black candidates to the city council , changing its racial composition : Five of six members and the mayor were white . Now the council will be 50 % black . Ferguson 's hapless police Chief Thomas Jackson also finally resigned after holding on through a months-long display of astonishing incompetence . The department first drew the attention of the nation for its display of military weaponry and tear gas in response to civilian protests . The appointment of a commander from the State Highway Patrol was deemed necessary to begin quelling the unrest and to build community trust in the early days of the protest . Jackson 's departure sent an important signal to the population of a town preyed upon by officers under his command . And so we can be certain that along with the new makeup of the city council , there will be a new police chief in Ferguson . But does that mean that fundamental change will come to Ferguson ? Not necessarily . Not unless protest and activism during this critical period turns to influence the vitally important opportunities that lie ahead in the coming weeks . The Department of Justice 's full-on negotiations with the leadership in Ferguson will determine the shape of the new Ferguson Police Department . Indeed , the DOJ report alludes to the possibility of disbanding the department in favor of a regional policing integration with St. Louis County . Many local activists have suggested just such a solution , but given ongoing problems with policing in the county -- including the role of county forces in some of the most controversial clashes with activists in Ferguson last fall -- community representatives will have to fight hard to ensure that the DOJ can fold St. Louis County Police into its monitoring and reform process . Equally important were the April 7 general elections . Turnout in municipal elections has been notoriously low in Ferguson , with white voters nearly three times more likely to turn out than African-Americans . But local groups had engaged in vigorous voter registration and get-out-the-vote campaigns . . The Mayor has two years left to his term and has defiantly insisted that he will not resign  although a petition for his recall has been circulating  . That means that he will be a lead voice in negotiating with the DOJ to remake the police department . Has he committed to a clear set of principles that will guide his participation in those talks ? Community activists and residents must ensure that Mayor James Knowles plans to represent their vision of new Ferguson Police Department . But there is an opportunity to begin thinking about even more ambitious structural change in Ferguson and throughout St. Louis County . Ferguson 's governing structure , with a strong city manager and a weak council and mayor , mirrors that of thousands of other suburbs in the United States . That form of governance might have been precisely what thriving , middle class white suburbanites wanted when they fled racial integration in cities like St. Louis . But working class suburbs like Ferguson with a majority black population in which the needs of the population in the areas of education and economic opportunity more closely hews to the needs of urban residents , may need a more robust form of governance . In any case , a system in which the elected officials have minimal power , but non-elected leaders , like the town manager and the chief of police , have inordinate power , is a recipe for the kind of unaccountable , non-representative government that controlled Ferguson 's residents . Yet this precise form of government is in wide use across the country . Likewise , Missouri , like the vast majority of states , holds municipal elections in non-presidential election years , guaranteeing a significantly lower voter turnout -- although only a few states hold the primary and general election in March and April as Missouri law requires Ferguson to do . It 's not that Ferguson is so different than towns across America . It 's precisely because Ferguson holds up a mirror to flaws in our democratic system of government in towns across this country that the stakes are so high . Ferguson residents now have the opportunity to begin a movement for change in the other 89 jurisdictions in St. Louis County plagued by similar governance flaws , including those towns led by African-Americans . And Ferguson 's example should provoke self-examination in working class suburbs across the country , where the power and effectiveness of weak elected local government is inadequate to meet the needs of the population . Change is coming to Ferguson . But the scope and breadth of that change will depend upon the ambition and discipline of activists and residents , whose passion and tenacity have already transformed the trajectory of leadership in a typical American town .	Sherrilyn Ifill : A city with a pattern of racial discrimination elected two new black candidates to its city council Tuesday She says Ferguson faces other changes , too , that should spur rethinking in working class suburbs across America
CNN  -- A school system in upstate New York , where more than a dozen female high school students are suffering from uncontrolled verbal outbursts and twitching , said it has hired a company to review environmental testing within the school and community . The development comes as famed activist Erin Brockovich and other environmentalists are looking into whether a chemical that spilled in a 1970 train derailment about four miles from the school has anything to do with the girls ' mysterious behavior . One of Brockovich 's associates walked the grounds of Le Roy Senior High School on Saturday and traveled to the derailment site . The Le Roy Central School District said it wanted "  sound advice " from professionals on the situation , "  void of self-interest . " "  Our community has suddenly found itself at the center of national attention due to the students who have been exhibiting neurological symptoms , " Superintendent Kim M. Cox said in a statement released Friday . "  This has led to much speculation , conjecture and misinformation in the national media and consequently within our community . " Cox said the school district is working with local , state and federal health and environmental agencies . A statement posted earlier on the school 's website said , in part , "  The medical and environmental investigations have not uncovered any evidence that would link the neurological symptoms to anything in the environment or of an infectious nature . " The school district posted air quality and mold reports on its website . "  Water was also ruled out because the school is serviced by public water , " it said . The mother of one affected girl said she does n't think enough testing has been done . Health officials say the girls ' symptoms are consistent with "  conversion disorder . " Brockovich told HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " on Friday night that she will try to corroborate a note she said one of the affected family members received about the derailment . "  The contaminated rock , fill and soil was used to build the new school , " Brockovich said of the note . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , one ton of cyanide crystals spilled onto the ground in the December 6 , 1970 , derailment . About 30,000 gallons of trichloroethene  TCE  , a potentially harmful contaminant , also were released from two ruptured tank cars , the agency said . "  I have read and been involved in cases that we have had that TCE can be associated with neurological disorders , " Brockovich told HLN . The first significant cleanup and remediation did not start for 20 years , she said , adding she was worried about the chemical getting into bedrock and groundwater supplies . The TCE may have reached the school grounds , she said . The EPA 's Superfund website provides a progress report of the cleanup done in the area over the past 20 years . "  Drinking wells in the area were found to have TCE contamination , " the EPA said . "  Sampling of private wells between 1990 and 1994 detected TCE in approximately 50 wells located east or southeast of the site . " The EPA installed water-treatment systems at 37 locations where TCE levels were high . The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation used soil vapor extraction and bedrock vapor extraction to address the source of the contamination . "  A water-line extension was selected to provide a safe , potable water supply to all affected residents and businesses , " the EPA said . Robert Bowcock , an environmental water specialist associated with Brockovich , went to the derailment site Saturday and took water samples to test for contaminants . He also took water samples from wells at private residences . An HLN producer saw several dozen drums in a fenced-off area at the derailment site , but it was not clear what they may contain . One was rusted and had dirt-like material inside . Brockovich gained fame after the 2000 movie bearing her name and starring Julia Roberts in the title role . It told the story of how she , as a file clerk at a law firm , established that a toxic chemical from a compressor station leaked into the groundwater of a nearby California town , according to a biography posted on Brockovich 's website . Medical experts , meanwhile , continue to investigate the girls ' symptoms , which in some cases , include stuttering . Dr. Jennifer McVige , a pediatric neurologist at the DENT Neurologic Institute who is treating many of the students affected , said , "  Conversion disorder is a physical manifestation of physiological symptoms where there is traditionally some kind of stress or multiple stressors that provoke a physical reaction within the body . " McVige said the symptoms are real . "  This is unconscious . It is not done purposefully . " Thera Sanchez , a senior on the honor roll at the school , said she has been fighting this affliction since October . She said after waking up from a nap , "  I got upset , I could n't stop stuttering . " During an interview with CNN 's Jason Carroll , Thera 's symptoms were apparent : She was twitching uncontrollably , flailing her left arm and jerking her head to one side . Thera said she also faints and has seizures . The seizures are a result of her pre-existing epilepsy disorder , which had been under control for years . "  I do n't think that all physical aspects of this have been exhausted ; not enough testing has been done , " Thera 's mother , Melissa Phillips , said . She also disagreed with McVige 's assertion that the girls are improving , saying , "  Nothing is getting better , you know , the girls are still getting worse . They have good days and bad days . " McVige is not sure why so many girls at the same school are suffering all at once . "  I do know that traditionally when they 've  doctors  looked back at different events that occurred in a similar nature , a majority of the time it is girls . " According to the Mayo Clinic , females are much more likely to get conversion disorder and it is more common in adolescents or young adults . McVige said she used the "  diagnosis of exclusion " to determine what happened to the girls , which means using the process of elimination . She ruled out a laundry list of factors to reach her diagnosis , including infections , drug use , food allergies and vaccine reactions , specifically Gardasil . The New York State Health Department agreed with McVige 's diagnosis after speaking with several doctors who evaluated the students . "  There are many causes of tic-like symptoms . Stress can often worsen them , " said spokesman Jeffrey Hammond . "  The doctors all agree that the symptoms these girls are experiencing are real . " HLN 's Liz Flynn reported from Le Roy , New York . CNN 's Danielle Dellorto , Laura Dolan , Maggie Schneider and Jason Carroll also contributed to this report .	School will review environmental tests in the area Activist Erin Brockovich is looking into a 1970 train derailment "  Conversion disorder " causes twitching , stuttering , verbal outbursts Mayo Clinic says young females are much more likely to get conversion disorder
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  As the transport plane comes in to land at Sanaa Airport , the deep scars of the brutal conflict tearing Yemen apart are only too clear : wrecked aircraft line the runway , and nearby buildings lie in ruins . To most of the outside world , this war-torn country is off limits , the weeks-long battle between Houthi rebels and Saudi-led coalition forces making it too dangerous to visit , and a no-fly zone rendering its international airport all but obsolete -- but on Tuesday , CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef , the United Nations Children 's Fund . The airport has previously been bombed . Hostilities are likely to resume before the day is out : a brief , peaceful window has been delicately negotiated following a special request from the U.N. -- but it wo n't last long . Unicef hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies , helping to ease the country 's worsening humanitarian crisis . More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began , and OCHA , the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , estimates that 15.9 million people here are in need of assistance . The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels . We ca n't get near it for fear of provoking trouble . But there is plenty to be done out on the tarmac . Within minutes of touching down , a small army of aid workers is busy unloading huge mounds of much-needed provisions . Gusts of wind blow dust across the runway , as crates and pallets of emergency nutrition and medical equipment pile up rapidly beside the plane . Unicef 's team has overcome more than one hurdle just getting it this far -- now they 'll have to work out how to distribute it to those most in need in a country paralyzed by a lack of resources . Even before Saudi airstrikes , most of the 25 million people in Yemen required humanitarian assistance to meet their most basic needs , according to the United Nations . As they work , an Air India plane is taxiing away from the terminal . Thousands have fled the country on evacuation flights in recent weeks as the situation in Yemen has deteriorated . But for those who have nowhere else to go and no chance of a flight out , mercy missions by Unicef and other NGOs like it are the only hope . READ MORE : ' A window into hell ' - desperate Yemenis flee by boatREAD MORE : Civilian catastrophe looming in YemenREAD MORE : Yemen crisis - how you can help Bryony Jones contributed to this report	Almost 16 million people in Yemen are in need of humanitarian aid , according to U.N. Planeload of aid supplies including food and medicine was flown in to Sanaa on Tuesday A rare ceasefire was negotiated to allow the plane to land briefly
CNN  -- Former Liberian President Charles Taylor will be transferred to the United Kingdom to serve a 50-year sentence for aiding war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone , the U.K. Ministry of Justice said . No date for his transfer was provided by the ministry . The announcement comes two weeks after United Nations-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone ruled to uphold the sentence , rejecting an appeal . Another country like the United Kingdom had to offer to enforce the sentence against Taylor because the special tribunal does n't have a prison facility . Taylor , 65 , was found guilty last year of supplying and encouraging rebels in Sierra Leone in a campaign of terror , involving murder , rape , sexual slavery , looting and the conscription of children younger than 15 . He was also convicted of using Sierra Leone 's diamond deposits to help fuel its civil war with arms and guns while enriching himself with what have commonly come to be known as "  blood diamonds . " Both the defense and prosecution lodged appeals after the court convicted the former president of all 11 counts against him , following a trial lasting nearly four years . Taylor 's defense appealed the court 's judgment and sentence on multiple grounds , arguing that the trial chamber had made mistakes in evaluating the evidence and in applying the law . But the appeals judges rejected those arguments , saying that the trial chamber had "  thoroughly evaluated the evidence for its credibility and reliability , " and that its assessment of Taylor 's criminal responsibility and liability was in accordance with international laws . The appeals judges also dismissed defense claims that Taylor was not given a fair trial . The defense also argued that the 50-year sentence handed down was "  manifestly unreasonable , " while the prosecution had argued that it should be increased to 80 years to adequately reflect the gravity of his crimes . The appeals judges dismissed both claims , saying the sentence was fair and reasonable . Rights group Amnesty International welcomed the ruling , saying it sent a clear message to leaders around the world . "  The Court 's landmark ruling underlines that no one is above the law , " said Stephanie Barbour , head of Amnesty International 's Centre for International Justice in The Hague . "  The conviction of those responsible for crimes committed during Sierra Leone 's conflict has brought some measure of justice for the tens of thousands of victims . The conviction of Charles Taylor must pave the way for further prosecutions . " Role in atrocities Taylor was the first former head of state to be convicted of war crimes since the Nuremberg trials that followed World War II . The trial chamber heard that rebels from the Revolutionary United Front , which the former president backed , committed horrendous crimes against Sierra Leone civilians , including children . Some were enslaved to mine the diamonds used to fund the rebels ' fight . The presiding trial judge described Taylor as responsible for "  aiding and abetting as well as planning some of the most heinous and brutal crimes recorded in human history . " But Taylor said during his sentencing hearing in May 2012 that his role in the conflict was much different than represented . "  I pushed the peace process hard , contrary to how I have been portrayed in this court , " he said . A pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades , he became president in 1997 and was forced out of office under international pressure in 2003 . He fled to Nigeria , where border guards arrested him three years later as he was attempting to cross into Chad . The United Nations and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the special tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . The court was moved to the Netherlands from Sierra Leone , where emotions about the civil war still run high . Opinion : Do war crimes trials really help victims ? CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Charles Taylor to serve war crimes sentence in UK Court in The Hague upheld Charles Taylor 's conviction and 50-year sentence He was president of Liberia from 1997 until 2003 , when he fled under pressure He was convicted of supplying , encouraging rebels in Sierra Leone in a campaign of terror
CNN  -- It may not look special , but a modest 1950s ranch-style house in a suburban Bay Area neighborhood is now a protected historical site . The single-story house at 2066 Crist Drive in Los Altos , California , is the family home where a young Steve Jobs built the first Apple computers in the mid-1970s . The Los Altos Historical Commission voted unanimously Monday night to designate the house as a "  historic resource , " meaning any future renovations to the property will need to be reviewed by the city . "  The basis for this historic designation is not the age or architecture of the structure ; it is with the property 's association with an event and an individual of historic significance , " city staff liaison Zachary Dahl wrote in a report to the commission  PDF  . The house is now eligible to be named by the city of Los Altos as a historic landmark -- a higher-level designation -- and potentially listed on state and national registers of historic places . The faux religion of Steve Jobs Jobs moved to the house with his foster parents as a seventh-grader and lived there through high school . In the attached garage , he and Steve Wozniak assembled the first 50 Apple 1 computers in 1976 . The pair sold them to Paul Terrell 's Byte Shop in Mountain View for $ 500 each . How Steve Jobs ' legacy has changed Nine months later , in 1977 , Apple Computer Co. was formally established and moved its operations to nearby Cupertino . One of the original computers later sold at an auction for $ 231,000 . Jobs went on to become a visionary who built Apple into the world 's most valuable company and changed the face of computing . "  Steve Jobs is considered a genius who blended technology and creativity to invent and market a product which dramatically changed six industries -- personal computers , animated movies , music , phones , tablet computing and digital publishing , " according to the property evaluation . The three-bedroom , two-bath house was built in 1952 and is valued at $ 1.6 million , according to real-estate website Zillow . It 's currently owned by Jobs ' adoptive sister , Patricia Jobs . Steve Jobs ' yacht revealed	Steve Jobs grew up in a single-story ranch-style house in Los Altos , California The city of Los Altos has named the house a "  historical resource " Jobs and Steve Wozniak built the first Apple computers there in the mid-1970s
CNN  -- Jonathan Trappe , the American who aimed to cross the Atlantic Ocean suspended from 370 helium-filled balloons , has aborted his mission just 12 hours and about 470 miles into the journey , his Facebook page says . The 39-year-old IT project manager from Raleigh , North Carolina , was forced to make an early landing in a remote part of Newfoundland , Canada , because of a technical issue . "  Hmm , this does n't look like France , " Trappe posted to his Facebook page late Thursday , along with the coordinates of his landing . Via his messaging system , Trappe spoke to Barcroft Media , a British company he partnered with . He said he feared he might die as he attempted to crash-land his balloon contraption . "  Honestly did not know if I would survive that landing ! " Trappe said of touching down in pitch darkness near Blow Me Down Provincial Park in the wilderness of Newfoundland . He then messaged , "  Situation stable . Have 60l water 38L . Gatorade 60,000 cal food . Have shelter and exposure gear . " Trappe said he would stay the night at his landing site before grabbing what gear he could -- including footage he took of the shorter-than-planned trip -- and making his way home . Canadian teams have begun searching the forest where Trappe crash-landed . If the patrol is unsuccessful , Trappe , who has confirmed he is safe and well on Facebook , is prepared to spend another night in the mountainous region , which is populated by black bears and moose , said Sgt. Richard White of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . If the teams ca n't find him , or if he ca n't get a commercial team to extract him , he plans to make his way out of the mountainous forest on foot and head to a local community . Fans followed the adventurer 's movements on a website that showed his longitude and latitude along the journey via a satellite tracker he took with him . Trappe took off from Caribou , Maine , early Thursday with 370 balloons . "  Nobody has ever made a flight like this , using only small helium balloons -- in manned flight -- across the ocean , " Trappe wrote on his website , clusterballoon.com , after the style of ballooning used in his attempt to across the Atlantic . In 2010 , he was the first person to cross the English Channel using a balloon cluster . Five people have died trying to cross the Atlantic with balloons . Trappe spent two years preparing for the transatlantic flight , and his trip to Europe was supposed to take about a week . "  While disappointing that he had to cut his quest across the Atlantic short , I know Jonathan thanks everyone for their support and encouragement , " said Trappe 's friend , Kevin Knapp , who monitored the trip from a command center on the ground .	NEW : A Canadian team has begun searching for cluster balloonist Jonathan Trappe Trappe aimed to cross the Atlantic Ocean suspended from 370 helium-filled balloons He was just 12 hours and about 470 miles into the journey , his Facebook page says He touched down in darkness near a provincial park in the Newfoundland wilderness
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese helicopter plucked the pilot of a U.S. fighter jet from the Pacific Ocean on Tuesday after an unspecified problem forced him to eject in mid-flight . The F-15 jet , from the U.S. Air Force 's Kadena base on the island of Okinawa , developed the problem on Tuesday morning , the U.S. Air Force said . The pilot , whose name has not been disclosed , is reported to have ejected safely about 70 miles  110 kilometers  east of Okinawa around 9 a.m. , according to the Air Force . A Japan Self Defense Force helicopter rescued the pilot , who was floating in the ocean with the aid of a life raft , the Japanese Coast Guard said . It did n't provide any details on the pilot 's condition . The Air Force said the cause of the crash will be investigated .	The jet from a U.S. base on Okinawa develops a problem over the ocean The pilot is reported to have ejected safely , the Air Force says A Japan Self Defense Force helicopter retrieves him from the water
New York  CNN  -- A couple who jumped to their deaths from the George Washington Bridge are believed to have committed a homicide before the leap , authorities said Wednesday . The alleged homicide was still unknown to authorities until about 11:20 a.m. Monday , when workers on the lower level of the bridge -- which connects New York to New Jersey -- saw something go by them over the side of the iconic structure , said Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesman Joe Pentangelo . When workers looked down , the spokesman said , they saw a man and the woman in the water . The couple floated about 1,000 feet down the Hudson River before New York fire and police responders were able to pull them out at 12:09 p.m. , Pentangelo said . After rescue workers administered CPR , the pair was taken to St. Luke 's - Roosevelt Hospital Center , where they died one minute apart from each other a short time later . About 1:15 p.m. Monday , police in the village of Suffern , New York -- about 35 miles northwest of the bridge -- received a call from a man who said he had just found his uncle dead , Suffern police said in a statement . The medical examiner 's office later ruled the death a homicide by asphyxiation . The victim was identified as William Valenti , 70 , who was living at the residence with his niece , Nicki Hunt , 40 , who also went by Nikki Circelli , and her boyfriend , Gary Crockett , 41 , according to police . Investigators learned of an ongoing family dispute between Hunt , Crockett and Valenti , police said . Hunt and Crockett had allegedly taken money from Valenti 's bank account without his authorization , according to police . At the homicide scene , officers found a note which they interpreted to mean that the couple may have left the house intent on harming themselves , police said . Valenti 's vehicle was missing . On Monday evening , Suffern police dispatcher Jeremy Kaufer spotted a media story about New York authorities trying to identify the couple who jumped to their deaths from the George Washington Bridge , according to the police statement . On Tuesday , Suffern detectives traveled to the New York City morgue with members of the New York and Port Authority police departments . A positive identification of Hunt and Crockett was made , police said . Valenti 's vehicle key was located on Hunt , police said . According to Suffern police , both Hunt and Crockett had prior criminal cases , but the disposition of charges was not known . Hunt had faced grand larceny and forgery accusations , while Crockett had been charged with possession of narcotics , police said . "  The investigation is continuing but at this time we believe that Hunt and Crockett are responsible for the death of William Valenti , " the Suffern police statement said . The George Washington Bridge is a double-decked suspension bridge spanning the Hudson River and connecting Manhattan in New York City to Fort Lee , New Jersey . According to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , 15 people jumped to their deaths from the bridge in 2013 . The bridge is about 212 feet above the river at mid-span . There were were 49 successful interventions , where potential jumpers were stopped by police or passers-by .	Police say Nicki Hunt , 40 , and boyfriend Gary Crockett , 41 , jumped to their deaths Investigators discover Hunt 's uncle , William Valenti , 70 , had been killed The couple allegedly stole money from his bank account , police say
CNN  -- Police in Peru say they nabbed one of the world 's top scam artists on Wednesday when they arrested a securities broker whose alleged crimes earned him a spot on the FBI 's most wanted list . Authorities say Eric Bartoli had been on the lam for more than a decade after bilking hundreds of investors out of millions of dollars . He faces a number of charges , the FBI says , including money laundering , securities fraud and conspiracy in connection with an alleged $ 65 million Ponzi scheme . His case was featured on the CNBC series "  American Greed : The Fugitives " in an episode titled "  Main Street Double Cross , " which detailed authorities efforts to find Bartoli . "  They track him to Kentucky , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont . They 're just hopping around , " a promo posted on the show 's website says . "  And then at some point , he did disappear . Nobody could find him . " Bartoli , 59 , who also has several aliases and passports from Peru and Argentina , had been at large for more than 10 years . But police in Peru tracked him down on Wednesday in what the FBI told CNN Cleveland affiliate WOIO was a joint operation between U.S. and Peruvian authorities . They escorted a tight-lipped Bartoli , wearing a track suit and a bulletproof vest , before television cameras . Authorities arrested him when he was jogging in a park south of the country 's capital Wednesday morning , the state-run Andina news agency reported . "  A team of Cleveland and international FBI resources worked closely with the Peruvian authorities to locate and apprehend Eric Bartoli , " Stephen D. Anthony , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Cleveland Field Office , said in a written statement . "  We hope that the long awaited prosecution of Bartoli will provide some satisfaction to the many individuals he defrauded . " U.S. authorities have requested his extradition , Andina said . But a court in Lima had also issued an arrest warrant for him , accusing Bartoli of money laundering , Peruvian National Police Col. Oscar Llatas told CNN en Espa  ol . Investigators in Peru uncovered a series of shell companies tied to Bartoli that moved massive quantities of money , Police Col. Segundo Mejia said . In Peru , Llatas told Andina , Bartoli allegedly duped victims by offering them large returns on investments in oil , telecommunications and craft companies . He started to operate in Peru in 2005 , Llatas said , and intelligence reports indicate he entered the South American nation in 2010 . "  Once he got money from his victims , " Llatas said , "  he disappeared . " Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde and CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Eric Bartoli faces charges of money laundering and fraud in Ohio Peruvian police arrest him while is jogging Bartoli was on the FBI 's most wanted list He 's accused of operating a $ 65 million Ponzi scheme
CNN  -- Two U.S. journalists who had been detained by North Korea were traveling back to the United States with former President Clinton hours after being pardoned , a Clinton spokesman said . Former President Clinton meets Tuesday with North Korea leader Kim Jong Il . "  They are en route to Los Angeles -LSB- California -RSB- where Laura and Euna will be reunited with their families , " said spokesman Matt McKenna . Doug Ling , Laura 's father , reacted to the news outside his home in Carmichael , California , with , "  One of the best days in my life ... I figured , sooner or later , they 'd be back . " In Los Angeles , family friend Welly Yang said the Ling family had "  done everything they could , while respecting the North Korean government , to try and get Laura home . " He predicted that Ling would remain a journalist . "  Despite this terrifying experience , I ca n't imagine that Laura would give up her passion to tell stories that otherwise would n't be heard . " Their release Wednesday came after Clinton met with top government officials in Pyongyang . "  Clinton expressed words of sincere apology to Kim Jong Il for the hostile acts committed by the two American journalists against the DPRK after illegally intruding into it , " the news agency reported . "  Clinton courteously conveyed to Kim Jong Il an earnest request of the U.S. government to leniently pardon them and send them back home from a humanitarian point of view . "  The meetings had candid and in-depth discussions on the pending issues between the DPRK and the U.S. in a sincere atmosphere and reached a consensus of views on seeking a negotiated settlement of them . " Watch Ling 's father welcome his daughter 's pardon " The report said Clinton then conveyed a message from President Obama "  expressing profound thanks for this and reflecting views on ways of improving the relations between the two countries . " But White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters in Washington before the announced agreement that Clinton was not carrying any message -- written or oral -- from Obama . Gibbs added that the former president last spoke with Obama during a White House visit in March . He described Clinton 's trip as a "  solely private mission to secure the release of two Americans . " The report from the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the nation 's official name , described the agreement to release the journalists as "  a manifestation of the DPRK 's humanitarian and peace-loving policy . "  The DPRK visit of Clinton and his party will contribute to deepening the understanding between the DPRK and the U.S. and building the bilateral confidence . " Ling and Lee are reporters for California-based Current TV -- a media venture launched by Clinton 's former vice president , Al Gore . The women were arrested in March while reporting from the border between North Korea and China for California-based Current Media and sentenced in June to 12 years in prison on charges of entering the country illegally to conduct a smear campaign . Because the United States has no diplomatic relations with North Korea , efforts to resolve the issue had been handled through Sweden , which represents U.S. interests in Pyongyang . "  We want to thank the Obama administration for its continuous and determined efforts to achieve this outcome , and President Clinton for his willingness to undertake this mission , " Current Media co-founders Gore and Joel Hyatt said in a written statement . "  All of us at Current are overjoyed at Laura and Euna 's safe return . Our hearts go out to them -- and to their families -- for persevering through this horrible experience . " The visit by the former president , whose wife , Hillary Clinton , is the Obama administration 's secretary of state , came about three weeks after the United States dropped a request that Ling and Lee be released on humanitarian grounds . Instead , the United States was seeking amnesty for the women , Hillary Clinton said . Watch what may lie behind the pick of Bill Clinton " Clinton 's mission came as the United States and its allies in the region are seeking to persuade North Korea to return to nuclear disarmament talks , which have stalled . North Korea conducted its second nuclear bomb test in May and has conducted several missile tests since . The United Nations has responded to those tests by tightening and expanding sanctions on the nation . North Korea and the United States were on opposite sides in the 1950-1953 Korean War and had no regular contacts before a 1994 crisis over North Korea 's nuclear program . North Korea agreed then to halt the development of nuclear weapons but abandoned that accord and withdrew from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 2003 . Former President Clinton had considered visiting North Korea in 2000 near the end of his second term as president . His secretary of state , Madeleine Albright , had gone to Pyongyang in early 2000 to meet with Kim . The 67-year-old North Korean leader is widely reported to have suffered a stroke a year ago and is believed to be grooming his youngest son , Kim Jon Un , as his successor . CNN 's Elaine Quijano , Charlie Moore and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Laura Ling , Euna Lee pardoned , leave country with Bill Clinton Clinton negotiates pardon with leader Kim Jong Il "  Clinton expressed sincere words of apology , " North Korea says Visit comes amid tension over North Korea 's nuclear program
CNN  -- The new horror movie "  Paranormal Activity " could be filling movie studio marketing departments with fear . "  Paranormal Activity " tells the story of a couple determined to discover if their house is haunted . Using a campaign of limited showings , social media and word-of-mouth fan buzz , the film has managed to become a breakout hit without the aid of a glitzy marketing campaign -- or even a traditional movie trailer . According to Variety , the very low-budget film  it reportedly cost $ 11,000  , which played in fewer than 200 theaters , raked in $ 7.1 million over the weekend -- a record for a limited-release film . The film had an impressive $ 44,163 per-screen average and placement in the top five of the box office ratings over the weekend . "  We think it 's exciting that they are taking this grassroots approach to independent film because sometimes independent films do get lost in the shuffle , " said Kevin Carr , a writer/reviewer for the site Film School Rejects . "  It 's a unique test to see if people can demand things outside of standard marketing campaigns . " "  Paranormal Activity " bills itself as "  the first-ever major film release demanded by you . " The movie , which was an audience favorite at the alternative Slamdance festival in early 2008 , was acquired by Dreamworks  then a part of Paramount Pictures  two years ago . The studio initially planned to remake it using better-known actors . But after studio executives , including Steven Spielberg , viewed it , they decided the film could stand more or less as it was  though director Oren Peli did shorten the film and shoot a new ending  . The movie gained buzz after Paramount began late-night screenings in college towns , and fans took to Twitter and other sites to hail the scary flick , which centers on a young couple who believe their house may be haunted . Paramount increased the interest by urging fans to sign on to ParanormalMovie.com and demand theaters in their locations show the film . Peli posted a video on YouTube expressing gratitude to the fans and urging them to continue rooting for the movie . "  I just wanted to take this opportunity to speak directly to the fans and thank you all for the amazing support , " Peli said on the video . "  It 's just been overwhelming especially considering the long road this film had for three years and the studio wanting to do a remake . " More than a million people have heeded the call . The result has been a groundswell of interest rivaling that of big-budget films . Megan Colligan , co-president of marketing for Paramount , said the studio had a limited budget for advertising the film , so its marketing had to be tightly targeted . Moreover , condensing its atmosphere into a 30-second TV spot was a challenge , so executives opted to produce a trailer showing fans waiting in line for the movie and their reaction to the film , said Josh Greenstein , who also serves as co-president of marketing for Paramount . "  It was very important that we sold this as an experience and rather than just a movie , " he said . "  When people saw the movie they loved it so much and there is such a slow build of terror that you have to sit through to experience the full effect of the movie , so we changed the marketing techniques in advertising and online to make it more experiential . " The unique marketing campaign appears to have paid off . "  The fans have really made this their film and they are doing the bulk of the work -LSB- to market the film -RSB- , " Colligan said . "  The film is selling itself , " Greenstein added . Critics have also taken notice , and have showered the film with good reviews . In giving the movie an A-minus grade , Entertainment Weekly film critic Owen Gleiberman wrote "  With its this-is-really-happening vibe , ` Paranormal Activity ' scrapes away 30 years of encrusted nightmare clichs . The fear is real , all right , because the fear is really in you . " Overall , the film has earned a strong 85 percent approval rating at review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes . Moviegoers agree . Rajiim Gross , an iReporter who posted a review of the film , said he found "  Paranormal Activity " to be much better than "  Blair Witch Project , " another indie-horror film to which it is being compared . Check out Rajiim Gross ' iReport "  It actually scared the hell out of me , " Gross said . "  I saw it during the day and I would hate to be someone who went home after seeing it late at night . " Gross said he believed the studio was smart to leverage the Internet to spread the word . Watch Rajiim Gross ' review of ` Paranormal Activity ' " "  The best advertising is word of mouth , " Gross said . "  People tell 10 friends , they go see it and they tell 10 more friends and soon you have an entire community who wants to see it . " Carr , whose Film School Rejects site has been following the frenzy , said the movie "  gets inside of your head " and benefits from the traditional fan support that horror films often enjoy . That , coupled with the big cinema thrills and chills , should add up to continued box office success , Carr said . "  Watching it with 250 strangers in a movie theater and getting everybody to jump at the same time definitely has an effect , " he said . "  It 's the event film right now of the year , which is something that needs to be experienced . "	New horror film has found success with fans spreading the word "  Paranormal Activity " is using nontraditional marketing campaign The movie broke box office records over the weekend for a limited release Paramount executive : "  The film is selling itself "
CNN  -- Investigators in Vermont charged the uncle of a missing 12-year-old girl Sunday with sexually assaulting a minor -- but they said the charge does not involve his niece . Police said their investigation into the disappearance of 12-year-old Brooke Bennett uncovered evidence that her uncle had sexually assaulted someone else . Police charged Michael Jacques , 42 , with aggravated sexual assault against a minor . The charge carries a sentence of 10 years to life in prison . Jacques is listed as a registered sex offender in Vermont . Vermont State Police Col. James Baker said Monday that investigators are considering that there may be "  more victims of sexual abuse " by Jacques . "  The state police would like to speak to any child or teenager who may have been in contact with Michael Jacques , " he said . Authorities began focusing on Jacques based on information they gleaned through computer forensics , Baker said , adding , "  This case is about social networking on the Internet . " Baker would not comment about the family dynamics between Brooke and her uncle . Police have said the girl was communicating with someone on an online social networking site before she disappeared . Investigators have been examining her computer . In an affidavit , State Police Detective Sgt. William Jenkins said the girl Jacques is accused of assaulting told investigators that when she was 9 or 10 , she was told -- by telephone call and in a note left under her pillow -- that she had been chosen for enrollment in a "  program for sex " and that Jacques was to be her trainer , The Associated Press reported late Monday . According to the AP , the girl described being told that she and two other girls were in the program . "  The first who does it lives and the second gets her throat cut , " the affidavit said . Brooke disappeared on Wednesday after visiting a convenience store in Randolph , Vermont , authorities said . A few days later , police said they found articles of clothing that they believe belonged to her . The disappearance triggered the first Amber Alert issued in Vermont , authorities said . Her father , James Bennett , has pleaded for information about his daughter . "  Obviously I 'm upset , " he told WCAX-TV , a CNN affiliate . "  We just want her home . We want her back . " Police have said they do not know whether Brooke left voluntarily with someone .	Michael Jacques is charged with aggravated sexual assault against a minor The alleged victim was n't Brooke Bennett , who has been missing since Wednesday Jacques , Brooke 's uncle , is listed on Vermont 's sex offender registry
CNN  -- Controversial French soccer star Nicolas Anelka faces a possible five-match suspension after being charged by the English Football Association  FA  Tuesday for making a "  quenelle " gesture last month . The 34-year-old striker made the sign , that many believe is a Nazi salute in reverse , after scoring for his Premier League team West Bromwich Albion against West Ham on December 28 . Anelka faces a minimum five-match ban if found guilty by the FA and has until 1800 GMT on Thursday to respond to the charge . "  Anelka has received a 34-page document explaining the allegations against him . The player is now considering his options , " West Brom said . The FA , which appointed an expert to help determine the outcome of its investigation , can choose to increase the ban if it sees fit . The FA said in a statement : "  It is alleged that , in the 40th minute of the fixture , Anelka made a gesture which was abusive and/or indecent and/or insulting and/or improper , contrary to FA Rule E3  1  . "  It is further alleged that this is an aggravated breach , as defined in FA Rule E3  2  , in that it included a reference to ethnic origin and/or race and/or religion or belief . " The news follows Monday 's announcement that West Brom 's main sponsor , unhappy with the Anelka incident , will end its deal with the club at the end of this season . However , new West Brom manager Pepe Mel showed his support for Anelka by selecting him for his first game in charge against Everton -- and the club said Tuesday he would remain available for selection until the FA makes its ruling . "  Following this , the club will conclude its own internal enquiry , " West Brom said . After Monday 's 1-1 draw at The Hawthorns -- a result which left West Brom 13th in the English Premier League table -- Anelka took to his official Twitter account to thank the club for its backing . Anelka has insisted that the gesture , which involves pointing the right arm straight down and touching that arm with the left hand , was a dedication to his friend Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala , a controversial French comedian with whom the move is widely associated . "  The  meaning  of  quenelle : anti-system . I do not know what the word religion has to do with this story ! Of course , I am neither racist nor anti-Semitic , " the footballer , who converted to Islam in 2004 , tweeted last month after the incident . After making the gesture against West Ham , Anelka agreed to his club 's request that he would not repeat it . The FA introduced new disciplinary measures in May 2013 stating that players involved in discrimination cases , including racism , religion , sexuality and disability , will be suspended for a minimum of five matches . A second offense , meanwhile , will lead to an automatic minimum ban of 10 matches . While Anelka is the first player to be held to account under the new guidelines , Croatia international Josip Simunic was banned for 10 matches by FIFA in December for his "  pro-Nazi " chants as he celebrated his country 's qualification for the 2014 World Cup . FIFA also introduced its new disciplinary measures in May 2013 . Linked to rising anti-Semitism in France , the "  quenelle " has sat uncomfortably with Zoopla , a property website co-owned by Jewish businessman Alex Chesterman . Zoopla said it will not renew its two-year deal with West Brom , turning down the possibility of a one-year extension . "  Zoopla has been reviewing its position over the past few weeks in light of the actions of striker , Nicolas Anelka , during the match against West Ham over the Christmas period , and has decided to focus its attention on other marketing activities after this season , " the company said in a statement . When West Brom announced the partnership with Zoopla in May 2012 , an official described it as "  the most comprehensive deal in the club 's history . " The club reacted to Zoopla 's statement by saying it had been aware that the sponsorship deal could end at the end of the current season and so "  has been planning accordingly . " Anelka is not the only sports star to be embroiled in controversy over the "  quenelle . " Several other French athletes -- basketballer Tony Parker as well as footballers Samir Nasri and Mamadou Sakho -- all having apologized for any offense caused when they were pictured making the gesture . It was popularized by Dieudonne , who ran in the European elections as an anti-Zionist and who has been fined several times in France for anti-Semitic commentary , a charge over which the 47-year-old faces an investigation by the Paris prosecutor 's office . The French government recently banned one of Dieudonne 's live performances , successfully doing so in Nantes earlier this month despite some intense legal wrangling . It is not the first time former France international Anelka has landed himself in hot water over the years . During his time at Spanish club Real Madrid in 2000 , Anelka fell out with coach Vicente Del Bosque and was handed a 45-day suspension for refusing to train . At Chelsea in 2012 he was banned from using the first-team car park , forced to use separate changing rooms and made to train with the club 's youth team before moving to Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua . His international career has also been littered with bust-ups , and was told to leave the France squad during the 2010 World Cup after falling out with coach Raymond Domenech -- it resulted in an 18-match ban from his own federation , but he laughed it off and announced he would no longer be available for his country .	Nicolas Anelka is charged by the English Football Association for the gesture he made last month The former France international faces a minimum five-match ban He has until 18:00 GMT on January 23 to respond to the charge The "  quenelle " is seen by many as having anti-Semitic meaning
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Hobbled with age , weathered with time , the World War II veterans stood at attention . One by one , a two-star general delivered flags flown over the Pentagon in their honor . He looked them in their eyes and snapped his right hand in salute . Maj. Gen. Vincent Boles salutes Berga survivor Edward Slotkin , 84 , at an event in Orlando Saturday . "  National treasures , " Maj. Gen. Vincent Boles said Saturday evening . It marked the first time in history the U.S. Army recognized 350 soldiers held as slaves inside Nazi Germany . The men were beaten , starved and forced to work in tunnels at Berga an der Elster where the Nazi government had a hidden V-2 rocket factory . Berga was a subcamp of the notorious concentration camp Buchenwald . "  These men were abused and put under some of the most horrific conditions , " the general told a private gathering of Berga survivors . "  It was n't a prison camp . It was a slave labor camp . " No ranking Army official had ever uttered the words "  slave labor camp " in reference to the men 's captivity at Berga . Boles knew the gravity of his statement -- that he was setting the historical record straight after 64 years . Watch general set record straight after six decades " "  That 's why I 'm here . That 's why the Army sent me here : To look them in the eye and tell them that . " It 's a rare moment to witness history , even more rare when it pertains to America 's greatest generation six decades later . But that 's what happened at the Rosen Centre Hotel in Orlando , first in a private meeting and then in the larger ceremony to honor them . "  It 's humbling , " Boles said . It was a bittersweet moment . More than 100 of the Berga soldiers died at the slave camp or on a forced death march of more than 200 miles in April 1945 . About 80 of the 350 soldiers had been singled out for being Jewish by the Nazis . Dozens more survived captivity but died as the years passed . There are 22 known Berga survivors still alive , but only a handful made the trip here . "  He used that term slave labor camp . That was never used by anyone before , " said survivor Samuel Fahrer . "  It was a long time coming . " See photos inside the camp " The six Berga survivors present -- Fahrer , 86 ; Morton Brooks , 83 ; Sidney Lipson , 85 ; Peter Iosso , 83 ; Wallace Carden , 84 ; and Edward Slotkin , 84 -- looked on stoically as Boles spoke privately with them . The men 's faces hid decades of pain from what they endured in the waning months of World War II in 1945 . They 'd given up decades ago that the Army would recognize them . "  It means a great deal -- that it 's being recognized and understood , " Brooks told the general . See excerpts from diary inside Berga " Boles recited a soldier 's war ethos : I will always place the mission first ; I will never quit ; I will never accept defeat and I will never leave a fallen comrade . He looked at each of the weathered war heroes and said , "  Just as they never left their fallen comrades , we will never leave them . " "  You were good soldiers and you were there for your nation . " Boles added , "  They 're looking around and they 're thanking me for coming . And I 'm the one thanking them because I get to bask in the character of these great heroes . " If there was a skeptic coming into the evening , it was Fahrer , a U.S. medic held at Berga . He had dedicated much of his life in the years after the war seeking recognition for the men . He had been outraged that the government in 1948 commuted the death sentences of two Berga commanders , Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz . Fahrer sought for their death sentences to be reinstated . See document from War Department letting commanders off " A native of Long Island , New York , the typically talkative Fahrer was rendered nearly speechless as the general spoke . "  After 60 years , I gave up hope a long time ago , and I 'm glad you 're here with us tonight , " Fahrer told Boles . Boles said he could n't speak to why the Berga commanders got off so easy , but he said he knew "  it caused a great deal of pain for these men . " In modern times , he said , if U.S. soldiers were held at a slave camp in Iraq or Afghanistan , he 'd expect justice for those responsible . "  I think full justice is the right word . " The general even addressed documents that many of the Berga survivors signed before they were sent back home to the States . "  The interests of American prisoners in the event of future wars , moreover , demand that the secrets of this war be vigorously safeguarded , " it says . The survivors believed the document meant they were never to speak about their Berga experience . "  That was not our intent at all , but we screwed that up , " Boles said . "  What the intent of the documents was , for those who had been POWs , not to talk about escapes , people who had assisted them , people who had helped them . Our inability to explain that correctly was , therefore , misunderstood by them . " He added , "  What they went through did n't need to be kept a secret . " The night would get more special as this evening progressed . The Berga soldiers were honored in front of a gathering of World War II POWs . About 100 veterans and their families packed a banquet hall . Boles told the group what he said in private -- that the men are "  national treasures . " "  You may wonder if it mattered , if your service and sacrifice made a difference , if it stood the test of time , " he said . "  You may rest easy . I have seen your service live . " The room grew quiet . The general , in dress blues , strode to the six Berga survivors and presented each one with the flags flown over the Pentagon . "  Your nation remembers and it salutes each of you , " Boles said . Each of the elders saluted the general back . The room was then told to stand on orders of the president of the United States . The entire room came to a hushed silence and rose to its feet . Fahrer , the medic who had fought so hard for justice for his Berga comrades , was asked to step forward . And there before the crowd on this historic evening , he was presented with one of the nation 's highest honors , the Bronze Star . "  To all who shall see these presents , greeting : this is to certify that the President of the United States of America authorized by executive order , 24 August 1962 , has awarded the Bronze Star Medal to Private Samuel Fahrer , Army of the United States , for meritorious achievement while serving with Medical Detachment , 110th Infantry Regiment in the European Theater of Operations on 19 December 1944 , in military operations against an armed enemy of the United States . " He had earned the medal 65 years ago , but due to clerical errors it had never been given to him . Fahrer beamed with pride . He had shed few tears since his time at Berga . But on this night , even Fahrer had trouble containing his emotions . "  I 'm not the crying type , but it got me right here , " he said , his hand over his heart as he searched for words . At long last , the Berga men finally had some comfort . "  It 's satisfying that after all this time amends could be made , " Brooks said . "  When there 's talk of the Holocaust , we understand it . " The general commended CNN for its reporting on the issue in recent months , saying those reports helped change the men 's legacy . Boles applauded Reps. Joe Baca , D-California , and Rep. Spencer Bachus , R-Alabama , who urged the Army to act to honor the Berga soldiers . At one point Saturday evening , Berga survivor Sidney Lipson pulled me to the side . "  Why did you care so much that we be recognized ? " "  Because you deserved it , " I replied . He clutched his encased flag , pulled it to his heart and smiled . "  Thank you . " Note from CNN 's Wayne Drash : For Berga survivors who were not able to attend the Orlando event , the Army is working to coordinate events in the men 's communities . I also want to thank CNN 's audience who lobbied Congress and the Army to give these soldiers recognition .	For first time in history , Army recognizes soldiers held as slaves in Nazi Germany Maj. Gen. Vincent Boles presented six Berga survivors with flags flown over Pentagon 350 soldiers held at Berg an der Elster ; "  It was a slave labor camp , " general says "  These men were abused and put under some of the most horrific conditions "
CNN  -- To most of the world , David Beckham is a soccer player , both hero and goat , at times loved and loathed , depending on which end of his gracefully served free kicks you reside . The hullabaloo over Beckham 's arrival on American shores in 2007 , however , had little to do with the Beautiful Game . There is no shortage of Americans who see nothing attractive in the sport at all . They do n't get it or do n't want to . Yet Beckham somehow mattered , if his vocation did n't . With the 38-year-old announcing his retirement Thursday , it 's difficult to quantify his ultimate impact on the game in the United States , but it 's safe to say he did n't hurt it . A rocky start to the U.S. leg of his colorful career may have dampened the fanfare with which he landed in Los Angeles to play for Major League Soccer 's Galaxy , but he 'd eventually snare two MLS Cups before returning to Europe to ply his trade . "  He was still a bit more successful as a celebrity than as a soccer player , which makes sense , because we 're more of a celebrity culture than a soccer culture , " said Sports illustrated senior writer and Fox Soccer analyst Grant Wahl . Wahl , also author of "  The Beckham Experiment : How the World 's Most Famous Athlete Tried to Conquer America , " said the England international 's move from Spanish powerhouse Real Madrid to L.A. was met with an immediate spike in interest among Americans . Becks put butts in seats , and opposing teams would develop marketing plans around him to sell tickets when the Galaxy visited , Wahl said . The results on the field , however , left Galaxy fans wanting , as his first four years were defined by injury , sparse appearances and contentious loan spells to Italy 's AC Milan . Bleacher Report : Beckham 's career-defining moments Still , Beckham 's mere presence was enough to increase the attention Americans paid to soccer , which has long been a fifth wheel or worse among many American sports fans . "  it 's very hard to specifically quantify " what Beckham has meant to the U.S. game 's growth , said Sunil Gulati , president of the U.S. Soccer Federation , but several milestones followed his arrival : MLS attendance is up , there are more live games -- MLS and otherwise -- on television , the L.A. Galaxy has become a global brand , and most important , a sport that commanded only a few column inches of coverage 20 years ago now enjoys widespread coverage by the nation 's sports media . "  David helped in that . He 's certainly given the sport a lot of exposure , " Gulati said . "  He increased the visibility of the sport and growth of the game , which was already on a good path . " Consider , too , these facts :  In 2006 , a year before the Coming of Beckham , MLS signed an eight-year deal with ESPN , which brought the league between $ 7 million and $ 8 million annually , according to Sports Business Daily . A deal with NBC for the 2012-14 seasons reportedly earned the league $ 10 million a year .  About 3 million people attended MLS games in 2006 , with an average attendance of about 15,500 per game . Last year , with more teams , the total attendance doubled while the average attendance jumped more than 3,000 per game .  Chivas USA and Real Salt Lake both paid $ 10 million expansion fees to join the MLS in 2005 , while Toronto FC paid the same amount in 2007 . The Montreal Impact , which began playing during the 2012 season , paid $ 40 million . There are reports that Abu Dhabi 's Sheik Mansour bin Zayed al-Nahyan would be willing to pay $ 100 million for his prospective New York City FC to join the MLS .  There were only 12 teams in the MLS the year before Beckham arrived . Montreal became the 19th team last year .  The year Beckham joined the Galaxy , barely 100 players were making $ 100,000 or more  PDF  , and only four -- one of them Beckham -- had a salary of more than $ 1 million , according to the MLS Players Union . This year , 240 players made at least six figures  PDF  , and eight players draw paychecks of $ 1 million or more . Blame it on Beckham ? Perhaps not . It 's a stretch to anoint him "  savior of the MLS , " Wahl said . The league has n't collapsed since he left for Paris Saint-Germain . Plus , the MLS did a lot to promote the sport on its own -- building soccer-specific stadiums , expanding into the right cities , developing youth players -- while ESPN helped lay the groundwork with its coverage of World Cups . But , Wahl concedes , "  I do think Beckham is a part of it . "  I look at what he achieved here . It was n't all that different than what Pele did when he came in the 1970s to play for the New York Cosmos , " he said , referring to the North American Soccer League , which folded in 1984 . As the best player of all time , Pele put a spotlight on the game that perhaps no other player could . And while Beckham , wielder of a deft right foot in his own right , wo n't be mentioned among history 's greatest ever , Wahl said he believes Beckham was the biggest celebrity to play the game . You look at the world 's greatest athletes -- Tiger Woods , Usain Bolt , Lionel Messi , LeBron James -- and none carries the cachet that comes with Beckham , Wahl said . Beckham was n't even the best player to grace MLS , he said . The New York Red Bulls ' Thierry Henry , a French goal machine who holds every major title for which he 's competed , including the World Cup that eluded Beckham , holds that honor . But he 's no Beckham , either , Wahl said . So what is it about Becks that makes him so appealing ? Gulati said he believes it 's that combination of unique player and grand persona that makes Beckham Beckham . "  There 's only one player in the last 20 years that is iconic in the way that David Beckham is , " he said . Wahl sees it similarly . Beckham is "  a pro 's pro , " a guy known for his work ethic , a free kick master who captained England for six years and won league championships in England , Spain , the United States and France . He has a relatively quiet demeanor and lets his action speak more than his words , Wahl said , and it does n't hurt that he 's married to a Spice Girl and is the object of much adoration . "  I think part of it is , he 's a tremendously good-looking guy who has embraced the positive and negative that comes with being a global celebrity , " Wahl said . "  Women love the guy . " Bleacher Report : The evolution of David Beckham 's hairstyles Which explains why he has been found on billboards and in subway stations over the years pimping everything from Samsung and Sainsbury 's to Emporio Armani and his own H&M clothing line . Even his son Romeo , 10 , is a Burberry model . While it may be difficult to ascertain exactly how Beckham popularized the American game or whether his MLS Cups or sex appeal were bigger contributions , he certainly spurred Americans ' appetite for the sport , if only by being here . "  His biggest achievement , " said Wahl , "  was signing with the MLS . "	As Beckham retires , experts say his celebrity lifted game in U.S. His first two years in L.A. were abysmal , but he finished U.S. career with two MLS Cups Since he joined L.A. Galaxy , MLS player salaries , attendance and expansion fees are up Beckham is no "  savior of the MLS , " says SI 's Grant Wahl , but he did a lot to increase exposure
CNN  -- A Canadian woman on trial for allegedly stalking Alec Baldwin described a romantic date with the actor that she says ended with sex and a promise of lifelong omelets . Genevieve Sabourin , 41 , finally had her chance to testify Wednesday in her trial after hearing Baldwin deny under oath Tuesday that he was ever romantic or sexual with her . Sabourin 's impatience earned her a contempt of court citation and 30-day jail term Wednesday morning as she repeatedly interrupted another witness , saying at times "  I want to testify . " Sabourin was warned by the judge repeatedly during the first day of testimony Tuesday about her outbursts as she listened to a teary Baldwin deny having had a romance with his alleged stalker . Sabourin , an aspiring actress , heckled , "  You 're lying ! " Her outbursts in the New York City courtroom continued Tuesday as the doorman from Baldwin 's apartment building testified about Sabourin 's April 8 , 2012 , attempt to visit the actor there . The actor 's wife , Hilaria Baldwin , who was then engaged to him , told the doorman that Sabourin was a stalker and that she would call police , he testified . Sabourin called Hilaria a prostitute and another derogatory term before leaving the building , the doorman said . Baldwin , wife Hiliaria introduce daughter Carmen She says she 's not a stalker , but an ex-girlfriend of the "  30 Rock " television star . Sabourin began her testimony Wednesday afternoon , detailing what she said were long personal phone conversations with Baldwin . Then she talked about February 18 , 2011 . Baldwin picked her up at her hotel at 7:30 p.m. and the couple attended a Broadway play , she testified . Afterward , they shared an intimate dinner , eating off of each other 's plate , she said . She drank chardonnay , while Baldwin had water . They took a cab back to her hotel , where Baldwin suggested one last glass of water , she testified . The next several hours were spent in her hotel room where they made love and he made a promise , she said . "  I make the best omelets in the world and I 'd be happy to make you omelets every morning for the rest of your life , " she said he said . Sabourin began crying at that point of her testimony , complaining how everyone finds their love , as companions , but that she now knows she made the wrong choice with Baldwin . Baldwin left her hotel room the next morning , but later texted an e-mail address for her to use , she testified . She used it to maintain a relationship with romantic e-mails in which she said she gave "  her heart and soul to him . " While they were apart , they engaged in phone sex , she testfied . Baldwin was very charming in the calls , she said . Some of the talk was about her moving to New York from Montreal to be closer to him , she said . But then Baldwin started seeing his future wife , she said . The incidents of alleged stalking were attempts at finding "  closure , " she said . But Baldwin testified that she imagined the relationship , and she sent him numerous e-mails and voice mails along the way . CNN obtained copies of the e-mails . "  I am less than 10 minutes away from you tonight . Say ' I do ' to me , " one e-mail says . In another e-mail , she said she was ready to get married . "  I need to start my new life with my new name ... in my new country , help my newly husband , you ! " In another e-mail , she admits defeat . "  I may have lost all the battles to win your heart over in the past two years , but I 've learn  sic  so much , " it says . Wiping away tears , Baldwin said Sabourin 's stalking has made him anxious and worried for his safety . She showed up unannounced at his New York home on the day he proposed to his now-wife , the actor said . Days later , she allegedly crashed an event the actor was hosting at New York City ` s Lincoln Center . Baldwin has admitted they had dinner once in 2010 , but said that was it . They met through a mutual friend , he said . Both Baldwin and Sabourin worked on the 2002 flop "  The Adventures of Pluto Nash . " Baldwin has also appeared in numerous other movies , including "  Along Came Polly . " His past is checkered with various conflicts including an infamous berating of his then young daughter Ireland in 2007 as a "  rude , thoughtless little pig , " a run in with American Airlines over his playing Words with Friends on a flight , and various scuffles with paparazzi . Unlike the actor , who did n't say a word about the case to reporters , Sabourin is basking in the media spotlight . She grinned widely as she shared her side of the story with a group of reporters . "  I 'm not gon na take a reduced plea for a crime I have not committed , " she said . Sabourin has been arrested several times , including late last year for violating a court order by allegedly sending a series of tweets to Baldwin and his wife . She was released from jail after a judge rejected a prosecution request for bail . If found guilty on the stalking charge , she faces up to a year in prison . Baldwin launches Twitter rant against journalist CNN 's Jane Caffrey , Nichelle Turner and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	NEW : Genevieve Sabourin says she had romantic date with Alec Baldwin Defendant ordered to spend 30 days in jail for interrupting proceedings Baldwin testified he was never romantic with alleged stalker She showed up at his house during his engagement to his current wife , Baldwin says
CNN  -- Inside Moore Medical Center 's emergency room , Dr. Stephanie Barnhart had been monitoring the weather all afternoon . A tornado watch was in effect , but that was almost commonplace for this time of year in Oklahoma . The first "  code black " emergency alert came shortly before 3 p.m. on Monday . The second notified the staff a tornado had touched down in the nearby town of Newcastle . Barnhart and her team jumped into action . The doctors quickly moved all 30 hospital patients to a clinic in the center of the hospital . They used mattresses and blankets from gurneys in the hallway to cover themselves in hopes of preventing head injuries . For 15 to 20 minutes , they waited anxiously , watching on TV as the massive tornado moved within 2 miles of their location . Then the power went out . "  We were hearing it , and we knew that it was coming for us , " Barnhart remembers . The tornado ripped through 17 miles of central Oklahoma . At least 24 people , including nine children , were killed , according to the state medical examiner 's office . See the storm 's path The second floor of the medical center was reduced to rubble . Lampposts and other items from the streets were hurled through the walls of the ground floor . Cars , including Barnhart 's , are now piled upside down and sideways in the parking lot . It looks a lot like a junkyard . "  It 's pretty amazing that we even walked out alive , " Barnhart told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . One of the biggest concerns in a tornado is shrapnel , Gupta says . A loose object or anything that 's broken by the force of the storm 's winds can cause a penetrating , and potentially deadly , injury . Looking at the destruction , it 's hard to believe some patients walked out of the medical center without a scratch . The mattresses and blankets helped protect them from the worst of the storm . Inside a tornado-ravaged school Huddled inside the hospital , Barnhart says she did n't realize how much damage the tornado had caused until she walked outside and saw the bowling alley across the street -- or saw where the bowling alley used to be . Barnhart , 34 , is a tiny blonde bundle of faith . She called her husband as soon as she could get cell reception after the tornado passed to tell him she loved him . She says she was n't really concerned about her own safety during the storm , but worried about friends and family -- who all thankfully made it through OK . Remembering the victims "  We 've been blessed by that . I know there are lots of families that have been devastated by this , and we are definitely praying for them , " she says . Barnhart went back to work Monday night at one of the area 's other hospitals , where patients at Moore Medical Center were evacuated after the tornado passed . She 's received many thanks for her quick thinking , but says it 's difficult to take credit . "  I was just doing my job , and I knew what I had to do , " she says . "  It 's Jesus that helped us and saved us , and I know that he was with us . " Mayor : New law needed to keep people safe CNN 's Danielle Dellorto contributed to this story .	The Moore , Oklahoma , Medical Center was directly in the path of the EF5 tornado All of the hospital patients survived thanks to Dr. Stephanie Barnhart 's plan Barnhart and her team covered the patients with mattresses and blankets
CNN  -- Holders Barcelona made hard work of beating Czech minnows Viktoria Plzen 2-0 in their Champions League Group H clash Wednesday but need just one win to reach the knockout stages . The Catalan giants were near their fluent best in the Nou Camp but wasted a string of chances after midfielder Andres Iniesta put them ahead early after being set up by Lionel Messi . Argentine goal machine Messi hit the woodwork twice before David Villa made the game safe with a second eight minutes from time . It left Barcelona unbeaten in the group , but they trail AC Milan on head-to-head record as the Italians beat BATE Borisov 2-0 in the San Siro . Both the big guns have seven points with their return clash in the San Siro on November 23 set to decide who goes through as winners of the group . Goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Kevin Prince Boateng ensured an easy night 's work for the Rossoneri , but their coach Massimiliano Allegri is already looking ahead to playing Barcelona again after holding them to a draw in the Nou Camp . "  It was an important win tonight to help with qualification , we still need points but our aim is to be playing Barcelona for first place , that would be an important result for the subsequent draw , " he told SkySport of Italy . In Group G , Cypriots APOEL Nicosia held Portugal giants Porto to a 1-1 draw and top a tight section with five points . Brazilian star Hulk put the home side ahead as he lashed home an early free kick , but six minutes later the visitors were level . Hulk 's fellow Brazilian Ailton found space and produced a 25 meter shot that Helton in the Porto goal could not cover . Zenit St Petersburg are second in the group , a point behind , after coming from behind twice to draw 2-2 at Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk . Brazilians Willian and Luiz Adriano scored for Shakhtar , while Roman Shirokov and Viktor Faizulin leveled for the Russians .	Barcelona ease to 2-0 win over Viktoria Plsen in the Nou Camp Andres Iniesta and David Villa with the goals for the European champions AC Milan head Group H after a 2-0 home win over BATE Borisov Cypriot side APOEL Nicosia hold Porto to draw in Group G to top group
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea has said that Typhoon Bolaven , a powerful tropical cyclone that pounded the Korean Peninsula last week , killed 48 people in the country and left more than 21,000 homeless . The storm also injured more than 50 people and destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of crops , according to a report published Monday evening by the state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . The secretive , militaristic North Korean regime has repeatedly asked for food aid from international aid organizations as it struggles to feed its own people after suffering extensive famines during the 1990s . Employees from humanitarian groups that operate inside North Korea have described severe malnourishment on a large scale . A deal earlier this year for the United States to ship food aid to the country fell apart after the authoritarian regime in Pyongyang went ahead with a controversial rocket launch . North Korea already experienced widespread devastation in late July from heavy rains and flooding . KCNA said the extreme weather resulted in the deaths of at least 169 people and left more than 200,000 homeless . The United Nations World Food Program called it an emergency and organized for emergency food aid to be delivered . North Korea then took the unusual step of releasing footage of the devastated areas , showing houses submerged and farmlands destroyed . The damage caused by Bolaven last week has now added to the woes of the North Korean population . The storm also resulted in at least 15 deaths and widespread disruption in South Korea as it swept up the side of the Korean Peninsula . CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	The storm destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of crops , North Korea says The reclusive regime already struggles to feed its people The U.N. organized emergency food aid for the country last month after flooding Typhoon Bolaven also killed at least 15 people in South Korea
CNN  -- Christine Beatty , chief of staff for former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick , pleaded guilty Monday to charges stemming from their text-messaging sex scandal case and will serve four months in jail , according to the Wayne County prosecutor 's office . Under a plea deal , Christine Beatty , shown in August at an arraignment in Detroit , will serve five years probation . Beatty pleaded guilty to two counts of obstruction of justice , according to Maria Miller , the prosecutor 's spokeswoman . Charges of perjury and misconduct against Beatty will be dropped as part of the plea arrangement , she said . Beatty agreed to a plea arrangement under which she will serve five years probation -- the first 120 days to be served in jail -- and pay a $ 100,000 fine , "  based on -LSB- Beatty 's -RSB- ability to pay , " Miller said . Beatty will begin serving her jail sentence on January 5 , when she will be formally sentenced , Miller said . Kym L. Worthy , prosecuting attorney for Wayne County , released a statement saying she is "  very pleased that this defendant admitted her guilt . " "  We live in an age where greed and protecting one 's secrets is glorified and accepted , " Worthy said . "  Now the city of Detroit , the region and the state of Michigan can truly begin to move forward when this ugly chapter in Detroit 's history is put to rest . " In September , Kilpatrick resigned as mayor and pleaded guilty to two felony obstruction of justice charges stemming from his efforts to cover up his relationship with Beatty . Like Beatty , Kilpatrick was sentenced to five years probation with the first four months to be served in jail . He is serving that sentence in the Wayne County jail . At the time of his sentencing in October , the judge in the case called Kilpatrick "  arrogant and defiant , " particularly for a televised speech that aired hours after Kilpatrick entered his pleas . "  That night , the community expected to hear a message of humility , remorse and apology , " Wayne County Circuit Judge David Groner said at Kilpatrick 's sentencing . "  Instead , we heard an arrogant and defiant man who accused the governor , among others , for his downfall . " In addition to his jail and probation sentence , Kilpatrick must also pay the city of Detroit $ 1 million in restitution , and forfeit any future pension . Initially , Kilpatrick was accused of blocking a criminal investigation into his office and firing a police deputy to cover up an affair with Beatty , then his chief of staff . When that deputy , Gary Brown , filed a whistle-blower suit , Kilpatrick and Beatty denied under oath that an affair had taken place between them . Text messages that contradicted Kilpatrick 's and Beatty 's denials of an affair were made public in January by the Detroit Free Press , and county prosecutor Worthy charged Kilpatrick and Beatty with multiple counts of perjury , obstruction of justice and misconduct in office . The most serious charges would have carried a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison upon conviction . Beatty resigned her post after the text messages were made public . Kilpatrick initially refused to resign after the scandal broke , and Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm called a hearing on whether she should remove him from office at the request of the Detroit City Council . Granholm adjourned those hearings after Kilpatrick pleaded guilty and resigned in September .	Christine Beatty pleads guilty to two counts of obstruction of justice Chief of staff for former Detroit , Michigan , mayor will serve four months in jail She gets probation , $ 100,000 fine ; perjury , misconduct charges to be dropped Charges stemmed from text-messaging sex scandal involving mayor
CNN  -- "  I brings the ruckus to the ladies ! " So said the character Leon Black to Larry David on "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " in a scene we 'd share if it was even mildly safe for work . But there 's only a fine line between comedian JB Smoove and his character on the hit HBO series . "  Leon 's the guy that lives in the moment , " Smoove says . "  Who does n't want a guy like that around ? He brings the ruckus ! Leon just happens to have a high level of ruckus-ness . He 's more in the ninety percent range . Me , JB , I 'm more in the 50 % range . " This , of course , begs the question ... just what the hell is the ruckus ? Smoove , who also played the cab driver in the car chase scene from the movie "  Date Night , " explains , "  The ruckus is different experiences you go through throughout your life which builds your ruckus points up -- your tolerance . You 've got to have a high tolerance for dealing with stuff all the time . " Leon , Smoove says , is the guy you take with you to court to fight a ticket . "  He knows a little bit about everything . " Naturally , this also includes how to treat a lady . The comedian shares some of his moves in the video above .	Comedian JB Smoove stars on HBO 's hit series "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " Smoove says his character , Leon Black , is the kind of guy who fights a ticket in court Smoove played the cab driver in the movie "  Date Night "
Cannes  CNN  -- Investigators were at work Tuesday looking into the weekend theft of jewels worth close to $ 136 million from an exhibition in the French resort city of Cannes , the prosecutor 's office in nearby Grasse said . A reformed jewel thief told CNN that the robbery Sunday morning at a jewelry exhibition in the luxury Carlton Hotel -- the third gem theft around the city since May -- had all the hallmarks of a professional job . The robber , whose face was covered by a hat and a scarf , had a semiautomatic pistol and threatened to shoot the exhibitors and guests , according to Philippe Vique , deputy prosecutor for organized crime in the prosecutor 's office . Security guards were present but unarmed , he said . No one was injured . "  It was definitely a professional heist , I 've been saying that from day one , " said Larry Lawton , who himself served time for jewelry thefts but is now an author and motivational speaker . He suspects the Cannes thief had an "  inside guy " who provided information on where to find the jewels . "  It 's definitely not a lone man , it was too coordinated , " he said . "  They went in and within five minutes they knew exactly where to go . " Investigators will likely be studying security footage to identify who may have been "  casing the place " in the days before the theft , he said . They also will try to identify the getaway vehicle , he said . Lawton said he was surprised the jewels were not fitted with an electronic security device that would have given anyone carrying them beyond a certain distance an electric shock . But he urged against blaming the security guards for the theft . The gems may well already be in the hands of unscrupulous buyers , who probably paid about a fifth of what they 're worth , he said . The CGT union , representing workers at the hotel , criticized the management of the Carlton for what it called "  irresponsibility . " Despite the growing number of events showcasing luxury goods , and the resulting insecurity , "  the Carlton management has favored financial operations over the safety of personnel , " a CGT statement said . The union called on the French government to initiate an investigation into the safety of jewelry exhibitions in hotels . The Nice prosecutor 's office told CNN on Monday that the value of the stolen jewels was close to $ 136 million , more than twice what had previously been stated . The jewels were supposed to have been on display until the end of August but signs advertising the Leviev exhibition have now been taken down from the hotel . A spokesman for Carlton Hotels in Paris said Tuesday that the company had "  no further information or statement " to give on the incident . The Leviev jewelry firm has flagship boutiques in London , New York , Singapore and Dubai . It boasts of being one of the largest diamond manufacturers in the world , allowing it to offer "  the industry 's most extraordinary assortment of large , rare and colored diamonds . " The robbery follows two major jewel heists this year during the Cannes Film Festival in May . A necklace worth $ 2.6 million was stolen from a hotel party shortly after jewels worth more than $ 1 million were stolen from a safe in a hotel room . Jeweler de Grisogono said the necklace was part of a collection making its debut . The jewels stolen from a safe were by the Swiss firm Chopard , which was sponsoring the festival . CNN 's Alexander Felton reported from Cannes and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : The union representing hotel workers says management put profit before staff safety Police continue to search for a robber who stole jewels worth close to $ 136 million in Cannes Ex-jewel thief Larry Lawton says the robbery had the hallmarks of a professional heist Signs advertising the Leviev jewelry exhibition at the Carlton Hotel are taken down
CNN  Not many streets have been home to a Nobel Laureate -- and even fewer have been home to two . Yet , Vilakazi Street in the heart of bustling Soweto has been exactly that , housing both South African leaders Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Nelson Mandela . And this claim to fame is paying dividends for current residents -- helping transform the area into a thriving business community . Here , visitors from all over the world walk past traditional dancers , hawkers and waiting taxis to visit the building that was Mandela 's home when he walked free from prison on Robben Island in 1990 . With its restaurants , boutiques and bars , this buzzing boulevard is no ordinary residential road . Surviving legacy For local entrepreneur Sakhumzi Maqubela , it was words spoken by the iconic freedom fighter that inspired him to open a restaurant in the area -- and provide employment for people in his community . "  Mandela used to fight with people that ever since there is black government people are complaining unemployment is high , the crime is high , " Maqubela remembers . "  Mandela was saying , ` what are you doing in your own capacity to create jobs ? ' " Maqubela left his job at a major bank to start the business in 2001 . Back then , he had four employees , but now he employs 75 people to serve traditional local dishes and burgers to approximately 400 customers a day . "  Tourism business has grown a lot here , " he says , "  especially after the 2010 World Cup -- we get tourists almost every day . " Indeed , the number of visitors to Johannesburg as a whole has increased by 300,000 since 2010 , according to the Mastercard Global Destination Cities Index . And the growth in visitors has led to more money being spent . The 4.3 million people who visited the city in 2014 spent $ 3.2 billion , up from the $ 3.1 billion tourists spent in 2012 . Such economic realities are changing perceptions of Soweto , which has a poor and violent past . During the struggle against the brutal policies of apartheid , students and residents took to the township 's streets in June 1976 to protest against the use of Afrikaans as the main teaching language in schools . Some estimates say over 560 people were killed during the countrywide unrest which followed . The episode shocked the world , and caused international governments to impose sanctions against South Africa . Among the dead was 12-year-old Hector Pieterson , who was shot by police in Soweto . A museum dedicated to the memory of the uprising , named after Pieterson , now stands close to the spot where the child was fatally injured . More recently , violence caused by other social issues has threatened to spoil Soweto 's appeal . In January , a teenager accused of stealing died after being shot by a Somali shop owner . In the looting spree which followed , businesses owned by foreigners were targeted and police arrested at least 83 people and confiscated weapons . Emerging middle class Despite these issues , businesses like Maqubela 's restaurant are seeing success on the back of a rising middle class . House prices have surged by as much as 300 % since 2009 , with certain areas becoming sought after . "  I was actually a little surprised by how nice  Soweto  is , " says American tourist Annette Watley . "  I 've done a township tour in Cape Town before , in Langa , so for me I was surprised by the number of restaurants and the industry that is going on . It feels like it is a separate city than Johannesburg . " In April , local entrepreneurs will host the area 's first technology conference , the Soweto Innovation Week , which is expected to attract over 400 attendees . "  There are many tech and digital innovators in the townships who just need that extra bit of inspiration , " says Tefo Mohapi who has helped organize the event . "  We believe Soweto specifically has been ready -LSB- to host such an event -RSB- for years now . " Businessman Thabo Modise is part of this emerging middle class and agrees with Mohapi . After opening his Shova Lifestyle Boutique on Vilakazi Street a year ago he says the future is bright . "  The location is a prime spot . Vilakazi as you know we are in local and international markets . It 's an exposure to us even when we are looking forward to expand , " he says . "  Shova means pushing , so we are pushing towards greatness , with a simple vision of transforming township into an upmarket economic powerhouse . " ` Pockets and niches ' But , while some are doing well , not all of Soweto 's residents are so positive . "  The tourist stretch around the Mandela house is thriving , but it is one of the few areas that is doing well . There are pockets and niches , " says local activist Trevor Ngwane who works with the grassroots group Soweto Electricity Crisis Committee . "  Overall in the township we are looking at a 30-40 % rate of unemployment . It 's quite uneven and even contradictory . " Boutiques , restaurants and museums which tell the story of Soweto 's apartheid struggle form the economic back bone of Vilakazi Street , but informal traders are also keeping busy . Brightly colored trinkets and souvenirs draw in tourists and help to grow a smaller economy . Their sales may be pennies for some , but it means international dreams for street performers like Eric Matshidiso and Thulo Medi . "  What we are willing is to see ourselves in overseas , promoting our music and dance , " says Matshidiso . "  Maybe if we can go overseas we will get something that will put us up . So that people must recognize us . " More from Marketplace AfricaRead this : Johannesburg 's crime hotspot transformed Read this : Cycling Soweto : 5 things you wo n't see from a car	Business-owners in Soweto say tourism is helping the area transform Both Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Nelson Mandela have lived in the area 4.3 million people visited Johannesburg in 2014 As businesses grow more Soweto residents are joining the middle class
CNN  -- Mormon leader Gordon B. Hinckley died Sunday night at age 97 , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced . Gordon B. Hinckley , 97 , president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , died Sunday . Hinckley had "  been in failing health for some time and his passing is due to age , " said church spokesman Bruce Olsen . "  He was speaking in public as late as two to three weeks ago and had a full schedule in his office as late as last week . " Hinckley became president of the Salt Lake City-based church in 1995 , at age 84 , and had been a member of its top leadership since the 1960s . Mormon church presidents serve for life . The church has about 13 million members worldwide and has experienced 5 percent annual growth in recent years . He died about 7 p.m. Sunday with his family by his side , church officials said . "  His life was a true testament of service , and he had an abiding love for others , " said U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch , a Utah Republican and fellow Mormon . "  His wit , wisdom , and exemplary leadership will be missed by not only members of our faith , but by people of all faiths throughout the world . " Hinckley married Marjorie Pay at the Salt Lake City temple in 1937 . They had five children , 25 grandchildren and 38 great-grandchildren . Marjorie Hinckley died in 2004 . "  I 've been blessed so abundantly that I can never get over it , " Hinckley told CNN 's Larry King in 2004 . "  I just feel so richly blessed . I want to extend that to others , whenever I can . " Hinckley was the 15th president in the 177-year history of the Mormon church . President Bush awarded him a Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2004 . Watch Hinckley receive medal , share his views " According to a church statement , Hinckley was the most-traveled president in the church 's history , visiting more than 60 countries . He also oversaw a massive temple-building program , doubling the number of temples worldwide to more than 100 . Hinckley spent 70 years working in the church and is considered the architect of its vast public relations network . He worked to defuse controversies over polygamy and to promote full inclusion of nonwhites . Mormons believe the president of the church is a living prophet and apostle . They considered his words divinely inspired , including his views on homosexuality and the role of men and women in the home . "  We are not anti-gay . We are pro-family , let me put it that way , " Hinckley told King in 2004 . "  We love these people and try to work with them and help them . We know they have a problem . We want to help them solve that problem . " In an earlier interview with King , Hinckley laid out his views on family structure . "  Put father at the head of the house again , " he said . "  A good father , who loves his wife and whose wife loves him , and whose children love him ... and let them grow together as good citizens of the land . " A church body known as the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles becomes its governing body upon the death of a president . It will choose a successor after Hinckley 's funeral . No arrangements have been announced , Olsen said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Matt Smith , Ed Payne and Ninette Sosa contributed to this story .	Hinckley was president of Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints since 1995 The Church will choose a successor after Hinckley 's funeral Hinckley died at about 7 p.m. with his family by his side
CNN  -- My job as an imam and outreach director for the Dar Al-Hijrah Islamic Center , located minutes from the Pentagon and the U.S. Capitol , was created September 11 , 2001 , to convey a more accurate image of the American Muslim community and to create opportunities for interfaith cooperation and understanding distinct from the stereotypical image of Muslims as intolerant and violent religious anti-American extremists . On the morning of the 9/11 attack , while I was calling my patients from the waiting room at Howard University Hospital , I saw the plumes of smoke in the distance coming from the Pentagon , and on the TV monitor watched the twin towers of the World Trade Center being destroyed . I had been volunteering as the Muslim chaplain and imam at Howard University at that time , and the media began calling me for interviews . By 2002 , the Dar Al-Hijrah Islamic Center asked me to be their first outreach director . I left my work as a biomedical researcher , working on my doctorate studying sickle cell disease , and took up this work . Much like the tradition of the black church , I believe I was "  called " to this ministry to bring people back together , to try to heal a lot of the pain , fear and anger that persisted . The work I do in the greater Washington area is similar to what Daisy Khan and Imam Faisul -LSB- Feisal Abdul Rauf -RSB- want to do with the Cordoba Initiative at Park51 , which is being referred to as the "  Ground Zero mosque . " I know how important this work is , since I do it every day , reaching out to Christian , Jewish and other faith groups as well as colleges , universities , government and the media in order to find common ground and understanding . In March of this year , a group protested my leading an opening prayer for the Virginia General Assembly . I called the delegate who was responsible for the official invitation -- Adam Ebbin , who is white , Jewish , male and gay . He said he looked at the work I had been doing for almost a decade , and said "  I will stand by you . " That was a teachable moment . Later , members of the House of Delegates said this was one of the most impressive prayers they had heard , and that they were convinced they were hearing from the type of Muslim that we need in America . The struggle for equal access , for the right to build mosques in America -- not just in lower Manhattan -- is reminiscent of the pain and struggle of black Americans for churches , housing , employment and , actually , public acceptance . By the letter of the law , blacks had the right to live or work anywhere , but they were often segregated to certain areas and specific jobs . Similarly , American Muslims have the right to worship anywhere , but some Americans say we 're not ready yet for mosques being built in certain areas . Some years ago I preached in the Holy Land to 70,000 Palestinians at the "  Jerusalem Festival . " I wondered why they invited me . As I saw their communities and felt a reminiscent pain of being a second-class citizen in my country , then I knew why God made me a black American at this time : to share my hope and faith . I told them the Quran teaches , "  O you who believe ! Stand out firmly as a witness before God ; and let not the enmity and hatred by others allow you to depart from justice . Be just : that is closer to piety ; and fear Allah . Indeed , Allah is Well-Acquainted with what you do . " -LSB- Al Maaidah 5 : 8 -RSB- I realized then that as an heir through the civil rights and black power movements , and now as a Muslim , I am building a bridge from one faith tradition and civil rights movement to another faith and new civil rights movement -- from the fight for civil rights for black Americans , to the fight to secure the right for American Muslims to overcome and live beyond the "  terrorist " stigma in a post-9 / 11 world , to make a better America for everybody . The spiritual says , "  I come too far from where I started from , nobody told me the road would be easy . " Establishing Park51 is another step on the road to equality for all people . It must succeed for all of us . These Muslims who respect America want to continue to pray , live and work in their community in lower Manhattan . While honoring our fallen citizens , we must continue to uphold the banner of freedom -- not guilt by association . Although I thrive off the passion of Malcolm X , I engage in struggle with the compassion of Dr. King . "  We shall overcome " once again . America eventually gets it right . That America will once again choose the road toward freedom , justice and equality for all people , and that is the America that I believe in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Imam Johari Abdul-Malik .	Imam Johari Abdul-Malik is director of outreach for a Washington Islamic Center He compares moderate Muslims ' struggles to the civil rights movement U.S. Muslims have the right to live without the "  terrorist " stigma , he says
CNN  -- Police in London are lining up a huge police operation for the Notting Hill Carnival in the wake of the rioting and looting that hit the city earlier this month . More than a million people are expected to head to west London over the course of the colorful two-day event , which features music , parades , dancing and stalls serving up Caribbean favorites like jerk chicken and rice and peas . Some 5,500 officers will be on duty at the carnival on Sunday and 6,500 on Monday -- a public holiday in Britain -- with 4,000 additional officers deployed elsewhere across the city on top of usual police numbers , London 's Metropolitan Police , or Met , said . Commander Steve Rodhouse said creating a safe environment at the carnival is "  a top priority " for the police force . Speaking to the press earlier this week , he said police had intelligence to suggest that some gangs intended to cause trouble at the event . "  I want to say to those who want to come to corrupt this magnificent event : You are not welcome , " he said . "  Please do not come . The Met will do everything in its power to make it as hard as possible for you . " Officers will carry out checks for weapons as people enter the area , he said in a prepared statement . Forty-three people have already been arrested as part of the Met 's annual Operation Razorback , which aims to deter suspected troublemakers from committing crime at the carnival . Organizers say the carnival will finish at 7 p.m. on Sunday and Monday -- an earlier time than usual -- in a bid to keep trouble from breaking out . The event started four decades ago as a local festival set up by the West Indian community of the Notting Hill area . Now , it involves a huge costumed parade , live bands , more than 40 static music stations and hundreds of food stands . There had been speculation the carnival , which its organizers say is Europe 's biggest street festival , might be canceled after the disorder that hit the capital 's streets three weeks ago . Tens of millions of dollars of damage was caused to shops and business in the violent disorder , with the west London borough of Ealing , north London 's Tottenham area and Croydon to the south of the city among the worst affected . As of Thursday , there had been 2,006 arrests for a variety of offenses connected with the unrest , with 1,135 people charged so far , the Metropolitan Police said . Some 950 people have already appeared in court and 42 have been jailed . Officers investigating the unrest have about 20,000 hours of security camera footage to watch and are working on more than 1,200 crime scenes , the police said .	Thousands of extra police officers will be deployed in west London and elsewhere More than a million people are expected to attend the two-day Notting Hill Carnival Police say intelligence indicates some gangs are planning to cause trouble Three weeks ago , London was hit by outbreaks of rioting and looting
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For Europe 's biggest leagues the football season has ended , the boring business of kicking a ball about is over , and now the real fun can begin as the transfer window opens . Cristiano Ronaldo has left Manchester United to join Real Madrid for a world record fee of $ 130 million . What is the transfer window ? The transfer window is a set period of time when football clubs are allowed to buy new players . Although players ca n't be bought outside the transfer window it does n't stop clubs negotiating transfers before the window opens , with players signing on the dotted line once it does . There are two transfer windows per year , one pre-season , and one mid - season , which is open throughout January . The English Premier League pre-season transfer window opened at midnight on the last day of the season  May 24  and will close on August 31 , while in the other big European football nations  including France , Germany Italy and Spain  the transfer window opens on July 1 and closes at the end of August . Other countries operate pre-season transfer windows to fit the calendar of their own football seasons . See our choice of the top 20 transfer targets " . Why does it matter ? The transfer window can see some of football 's biggest stars switch club and it is a period that can determine how a team will fare during the season ahead . It is a chance for coaches to rebuild and reinforce their squads , and a time when clubs can see their key players depart for greener pastures and bigger wage packets . When a club is active in the transfer window , making big name buys , it can be taken as a statement of intent for the following season . Just watch Spanish club Real Madrid bring in star players in an attempt to make up the distance between them and arch-rivals Barcelona . The global economic downturn means many clubs may not spend as much money this summer as they have in recent years , or that they may be more willing to trade or part exchange players if they are unable to meet a player 's price tag . The final day of the transfer window , known as deadline day , often brings a frenzy of activity as teams try to finalize deals before the window slams shut , drawing the curtains until January 1 , when the transfer fun begins again . Keep up with the latest transfer gossip with our transfer blog . Movers and shakers This summer 's transfer window is likely to be dominated by one club -- Real Madrid . Their newly elected club president , billionaire construction magnate Florentino Perez , previously headed the club between 2000 and 2006 , when his policy was to bring football 's biggest names to Real Madrid . The "  Galacticos " brought to Real by Perez included the likes of Lus Figo , Zinedine Zidane , the Brazilian Ronaldo and David Beckham . Now Perez is back in charge and seems intent on reviving his "  Galacticos " policy , rsigning former World Player of the Year Kaka before smashing the world transfer record to spay $ 130 million for Manchester United 's Cristiano Ronaldo . Madrid have also been linked with Bayern Munich 's French winger Frank Ribery , Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso and Valencia winger David Silva But Real wo n't have it all their own way , facing competition from the likes of Chelsea . New manager Carlo Ancelotti is bound to have brought a shopping list with him and the club 's Russian billionaire owner Roman Abramovich will want to show that he still has the financial muscle to compete on the transfer money-go-round . Then there is Manchester City , funded by the vast oil wealth of the Abu Dhabi United Group . The owners have so far struggled to attract big names to the club and will be keen to show that City are genuine Champions League material . At the other end of the spectrum Spanish club Valencia are in all kinds of financial difficulty and may be forced to sell their biggest assets , with David Silva and striker David Villa the most prized of all .	The transfer window is the only time football teams can buy new players Real Madrid and Chelsea are likely to be the biggest-spending clubs Valencia and Newcastle United will be looking to offload some of their stars
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hope was 14 years old when her uncle raped her . Betty Makoni founded the Girl Child Network to help Zimbabwe 's young sexual abuse victims . "  He trapped me to the ground and covered my mouth with his hand , " said the 18-year-old from Zimbabwe . "  He threatened to kill me if I ever told anybody . " So , she kept quiet . "  After a while people around the villages started saying that I looked pregnant , " she said . Hope was not only pregnant , but her uncle had infected her with HIV . Like many young girls in Zimbabwe , Hope was the victim of a widely held belief that if a man with HIV or AIDS rapes a virgin he will be cured of his disease . This so-called virgin myth , perpetuated by Zimbabwe 's traditional healers , has led to the rape of hundreds of girls , according to UNICEF . Some of those victims are too young to walk , much less protect themselves . Betty Makoni has fought for nearly a decade to protect her country 's young girls from sexual abuse . And she 's witnessed some of the worst cases of the myth in action . "  The youngest girl I ever came across was a day-old baby who was raped , " said Makoni , 37 . Through her Girl Child Network  GCN  , Makoni has helped rescue 35,000 girls from abuse -- including Hope ; thousands more have found an empowering community and a public forum in which to speak out . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year "  Ten girls per day report rape cases , " she said . "  It means if we keep quiet , at least 3,600 girls per year may just be contracting HIV and AIDS . " Makoni 's own tragic experiences fuel her fierce determination . "  I was raped when I was 6 years old , " she recalled . Her attacker was a local shopkeeper . Makoni said her mother would not allow her to report the abuse . "  She said , ` Shh , we do n't say that in public , ' " Makoni remembered . "  I had no shoulder to cry on . " Three years later , she witnessed her father murder her mother . In that moment , Makoni said she realized the potentially deadly consequence of a woman 's silence . "  I told myself that no girl or woman will suffer the same again , " she said . Believing an education would provide her the best opportunity and means to speak out , Makoni earned two university degrees and became a teacher . While teaching , she noticed that girls were dropping out of school at an alarming rate . She approached her students with an idea . "  I -LSB- said -RSB- to girls , ` Let 's have our own space where we talk and find solutions , ' " Makoni said . Girl Child Network was born . Watch Makoni help young girls find safety and empowerment in Zimbabwe " By the end of the first year , there were 100 GCN clubs throughout Zimbabwe where girls could find support . Makoni said she was not surprised : "  Every woman and girl identified with the issues that we were raising , " she said . In 2000 , she quit her teaching job to volunteer with GCN full time . "  I decided to become an advocate because I walked my own journey to survival , " she said . The following year Makoni successfully procured a piece of land and opened the organization 's first empowerment village , designed to provide a haven for girls who have been abused . Girls are either rescued or referred to the village by social services , the police and the community . The healing begins as soon as a girl arrives . "  In the first 72 hours , a girl is provided with emergency medication , reinstatement in school , as well as counseling , " said Makoni . It is important to her that the girls are in charge of their own healing . "  It gives them the confidence to transform from victims to leaders , " she explained . The process helped Hope work through the times when she said "  I thought my life had come to end . " "  They offered all they could ... as I was in a traumatized state , " she said . "  I really appreciate what -LSB- Betty Makoni -RSB- has done and is doing in my life . " Today , GCN has grown to 700 girls ' clubs and three empowerment villages across Zimbabwe . An estimated 300,000 girls have received assistance . For those who were at greatest risk , Makoni believes that help was especially critical . "  If my organization did n't exist , the 35,000 girls I 've saved from rape and abuse could have died by now , " she said . But for Makoni , speaking out came with a high personal cost . In 2008 , she was forced to flee her native country . "  I left Zimbabwe because my life was in danger as a result of my project being interpreted politically . " Watch Makoni describe her reasons for leaving her homeland " Today , she lives with her family in the United Kingdom . She still serves as executive director of her organization and shows no signs of slowing down . GCN has partnered with the DOVE project , a group based in Essex , England , that deals with domestic violence . "  We are now bringing the girls from a local community to the international scene , " she said . Her efforts in Zimbabwe will also be highlighted in an upcoming documentary , Tapestries of Hope . Makoni says nothing will end her fight for the rights of women and girls . "  This is the job I have always wanted to do , because it gives me fulfillment . And in girls I see myself every day . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Girl Child Network and see how to help .	Many in Zimbabwe believe a man raping a virgin can cure him of HIV or AIDS Betty Makoni 's Girl Child Network cares for Zimbabwe 's young sex abuse victims The organization has rescued more than 35,000 girls Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- Monkeys taught how to gamble and play video games . People paid to watch grass grow . Swedish massages given to rabbits . Half of $ 1 million spent on a video game that is now helping terrorists train for missions . And $ 1 billion spent to destroy $ 16 billion worth of ammunition . These are just a few examples from the 100 entry-long list in a book detailing government waste , compiled by retiring GOP Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma . In the 2014 edition of the "  Wastebook , " Coburn notes that getting rid of the practice of pork barrel spending is next to impossible . "  What I have learned from these experiences is Washington will never change itself , " he said . Massages for rabbits Some of the worst offenses listed in the book : -- The National Institutes of Health spent $ 387,000 to give Swedish massages to rabbits with a mechanical machine . Coburn notes that the NIH has a $ 30 billion annual budget and that the director of the NIH claims an Ebola vaccine would "  probably " be ready now but for a lack of funding . -- NASA pays Russia $ 70 million per passenger to send American astronauts to the International Space Station and back . The space agency is spending $ 3 billion on the ISS this year and will conduct studies , many proposed by elementary students , including one on the "  design and creation of better golf clubs . " -- "  Only someone with too much of someone else 's money and not enough accountability for how it was being spent could come up with " a $ 10,000 program paying people to watch grass grow . That grass -- saltmarsh cordgrass , which can grow to be 7 feet tall -- was being observed in New Smyrna Beach , Florida as part of a Fish and Wildlife Service program . The National Science Foundation is a favorite target in Coburn 's book this year . The foundation spent $ 171,000 to teach monkeys how to play video games and gamble in order to "  unlock the secrets of free will , " according to the report . Other examples include $ 5.2 million for "  voicemails from the future that warn of a post-apocalyptic world , " $ 1.97 million for a Facebook page and P.R. for fossil enthusiasts and a $ 46,000 grant to support the annual Clean Snowmobile Challenge -- a contest to determine who can make the most environmentally friendly snowmobile . The National Science Foundation is also planning on spending $ 1.5 million to monitor Americans ' attendance at science festivals . Another $ 200,000 will go to a study meant to determine "  why Wikipedia is sexist , " according to the Wastebook report . The State Department spends $ 90 million a year on cultural exchange programs , including one such program which sought to dispel a Pakistani journalist 's perception that Americans are "  fat , rude , and cold . " It worked . The agencies could not immediately be reached for comment . Expensive destruction "  The real shock and awe may have been the $ 1 billion price tag the Pentagon paid to destroy $ 16 billion worth of ammunition , enough to pay a full years ' salary for over 54,000 Army privates , " said Coburn . The book cites Pentagon officials who said the surplus ammunition has become "  obsolete , unusable , or their use is banned by international treaty . " The book notes a 2014 Government Accountability Office investigation which concluded poor record keeping was the reason the military purchased so much ammunition it did n't need . The Army spent nearly half a million dollars -- $ 414,000 -- to develop a video game called "  America 's Army , " a version of which terrorists have used to train for missions , according to National Security Agency e-mails sent in 2007 and leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . The Department of Defense is spending $ 80 million on a real-life "  Iron Man " suit . The Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit  TALOS  would need 365 pounds worth of batteries to power the suit , according to the "  Wastebook . " Congress ended this fiscal year with a debt under a trillion dollars for the first time since 2008 , according to the Wastebook report , but Coburn notes that the deficit still added $ 486 billion , or half a trillion dollars , to the national debt , which is "  quickly approaching $ 18 trillion . " Of the entries listed in his book , Coburn , who will retire in 2016 after serving two terms , asks , "  Is each of these a true national priority or could the money have been better spent on a more urgent need or not spent at all in order to reduce the burden of debt being left to be paid off by our children and grandchildren ? "	Coburn : Getting rid of the practice of pork barrel is next to impossible The NSF is a favorite target in the book Congress ended this fiscal year with a debt under a trillion dollars
Hong Kong  CNN  Demonstrators wheeled out the looming figure under cover of darkness . The sculptor , a 22-year-old artist who calls himself "  Milk , " had yet to title his creation . But passersby were quick to nickname the mannequin "  Umbrella Man . " Built of wooden squares , the 10-foot tall statue of a man holding aloft a yellow umbrella has now taken its place alongside the posters , cartoons , banners and calligraphy that now decorate the streets and sidewalks of Hong Kong 's Admiralty district . Since they occupied this area a week and a half ago , pro-democracy protesters have transformed a stretch of concrete highway running through the center of the city into an improvised outdoor gallery of politically-inspired art . "  It 's an outpouring of creative talent , " exclaimed Douglas Young , a Hong Kong-based designer and entrepreneur , during a recent visit to the protest encampment . "  Why have n't we seen this before ? " asked Young , who also took care to point out that he was not an active supporter of the protest movement . Umbrella inspiration The sit-in has acted as a magnet attracting artists eager to make their voices heard . The artist known as Milk told CNN his statue was inspired by the image of a protester holding an umbrella to shield a police officer from the rain . Most of the other images displayed here also riff on the umbrella and the yellow ribbon , two symbols of the protest movement . Last month , protesters used umbrellas -- an accessory Hong Kongers carry to protect themselves from torrential downpours as well as tropical sun -- to shield themselves from pepper spray fired by police . Less than 48 hours into the occupation , demonstrators erected a globe-shaped monument out of umbrellas above the traffic circle next to the Legislative Council building . Since then , the streets and sidewalks have been plastered with cartoon-like characters holdings umbrellas , accompanied by slogans calling for democracy , freedom and justice . One of the posters shows a helmeted police officer with riot shield yelling "  You 're such a thug ! " while pointing his finger at an umbrella-toting cartoon that resembles the children 's book character Paddington Bear . The artist who drew the cartoon is a 30-year-old graphic designer Carol Hung . "  My initial idea was to make people laugh in this heavy atmosphere , " Hung told CNN . Hung , who described herself as a political neophyte , said she was inspired to produce a series of protest-inspired drawings after seeing reports of police clashing with protesters on September 28th . "  At the moment I saw the tear gas , it made me want to support the students , " Hung said . Art as ` silent protest ' On a recent afternoon , art teacher Josephine Lau sat in the middle of the highway now occupied by students , painting yellow ribbons onto Chinese paper . She hoped her posters would prove more durable than previous slogans she had made , which were washed away by rainstorms last week . "  We can use different media to express ourselves ... to tell people what we feel about Hong Kong , " Lau said . "  I like the peaceful and silent protest and I 'm supporting the students behind the scenes . " Not far away , 17-year-old Timothy Sun was designing his own posters on the asphalt with the slogan "  GOV YU NO LISTEN TO US ? " "  I want to use my way to show my voice to the public , " the teenager said . Post-it politics Like many others here , Sun said his favorite piece of art at the protest site was actually a colorful piece of work created by thousands of contributors named the "  Lennon Wall . " Thousands of pastel post-it notes bearing messages and drawings written by passersby in many languages coat the curved staircase that runs along the outside wall of one of the government office buildings in Admiralty . Many of the messages profess love for Hong Kong . The wall serves as proof that , despite young Hong Kongers ' freedom to digitally post anything they like on social media , there is still a powerful attraction to expressing oneself using old-fashioned paper and ink . "  This feels very much to me like Twitter , but paper Twitter , " observed Young , the businessman and art aficionado . "  Old school Twitter , if there 's such a thing . " Young , who runs a chain of high-end design stores called Goods of Desire , was quickly inspired to add his own post-it message to the wall . It was an appeal to Hong Kong 's beleaguered top official to preserve the post-it monument : "  Mr. Chief Executive , Please do n't tear this wall down . " "  I see a lot of tenderness , a lot of passion ... a lot of imagination , which is fantastic , " Young said , while gazing out on the largely empty encampment and its fluttering banners and posters . "  I wonder where that 's from ? " he asked . "  I wonder where these people will be after this , when it all ends . " Nathan Mauger and Scott Clotworthy contributed to this report .	Street art covers pro-democracy protest site in Hong Kong Sculptures , cartoons , posters and chalk drawings convey protest message Most striking is a 10-foot tall statue of a man holding an umbrella "  Umbrella Man " is built of wooden squares
CNN  The last time Frank Jordan spoke with his son , Louis Jordan was fishing on a sailboat a few miles off the South Carolina coast . The next time he spoke with him , more than two months had passed and the younger Jordan was on a German-flagged container ship 200 miles from North Carolina , just rescued from his disabled boat . "  I thought I lost you , " the relieved father said . Louis Jordan , 37 , took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and had n't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express on his ship drifting in the Atlantic Ocean . "  I was utterly thankful and grateful to the people who rescued me , and I was grateful to God that my parents were not going to be worried about me , " Jordan told CNN . Frank Jordan told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that he had worried about his son , who is an inexperienced sailor , but he held hope because his son had a good boat . And he had the strength to make it . "  He 's got very strong constitution and  is strong  not only physically , but spiritually , " Frank Jordan told CNN . "  And he told me on the phone that he was praying the whole time , so I believe that sustained him a great deal . " The younger Jordan said he took his sailboat out to the Gulf Stream to find some better fishing , when it capsized . He broke his shoulder when the boat flipped . Because of the injury , Jordan could n't repair the boat 's mast , which had snapped . "  Everything I owned got broken -- all my electronics , my GPS devices , " Jordan said . He was dead in the water . Jordan drifted in the Atlantic , rationing food and water until his shoulder healed . He was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail , Jordan said , but he could make little headway against the currents . "  It took so long , " he said . "  It moved so slowly . " The boat capsized two more times before he was rescued , according to Jordan . After his food and water ran out , it became an issue of survival . Collecting fresh water was a nightmare for Jordan . The weather would n't cooperate . "  I had tried to collect  rain  water ... but every time the waves would splash into the boat , " Jordan said . "  The waves would put saltwater into my freshwater and it tasted bad . "  Finally the conditions were right . I filled up my water tank , which is 25 gallons . I filled up a bucket . " Then there was the issue of food . The fish were n't cooperating , but after a while Jordan learned that they were attracted to his laundry that he would put out to sea for a rinse . The fish would swim in and out of his clothes and he could easily scoop them up with a hand net , he said . Jodran came ashore Thursday evening . CNN affiliate WAVY in Norfolk , Virginia , reported that he was able to walk from the helicopter into Sentara Norfolk General Hospital at about 7:30 p.m. Jordan was reported missing January 29 , a few days after his last contact with his father . Two months of concern poured out in a phone call with his son 's rescuers . Frank Jordan thanked the captain of the Houston Express . "  You 're a good man , I swear . You did what you are supposed to do , and I sure do appreciate it , " he says . "  And I know my son appreciates it . " CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Louis Jordan says his sailboat capsized three times He survived by collecting rainwater and eating raw fish Frank Jordan told CNN his son is n't an experienced sailor but has a strong will
Washington  CNN  The release of the CIA torture report on Tuesday , detailing brutal post-9 / 11 interrogation tactics , has led to an array of responses from potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidates . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , in an interview with The New York Times released Thursday , moved to the left of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when he called for a "  special prosecutor " from the Justice Department to look into those who carried out the torture . "  I think there needs to be some accountability so that this does n't happen again , " O'Malley said . "  I do n't believe the United States should torture . Period . Full stop . " All Democrats eying the presidency are against torture , but so far O'Malley is the only to advocate for a Justice Department investigation . Clinton , during her time of the speaking circuit , has advocated for the release of the torture report but not a special prosecutor . "  I thought we needed more transparency , " Clinton said at a June event , reflecting on her time as secretary of state . "  I did n't want people to be criminally prosecuted , people who were doing what they were told to do , that there were legal opinions supporting what they were told to do , but I wanted transparency . " She added , "  And that 's what Dianne Feinstein is trying to provide with that 6,000-page report . And I think the American people deserve to see it . " A Clinton spokesman has not responded to emails asking for comment after the release of the report . Independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders issued a statement on Tuesday after the torture report was released . "  The United States must not engage in torture , " Sanders said . "  If we do , in an increasingly brutal world , we lose our moral standing to condemn other nations or groups that engage in uncivilized behavior . " Sanders , however , did not comment on a special prosecutor and his spokesman was unable to provide a statement on Thursday from the senator . In a conversation with reporters on Wednesday , Sanders did , however , say that if anyone lied to elected official on torture , "  they should be fired immediately . " And former Sen. Jim Webb , the only Democrat who has announced an exploratory committee into the 2016 race , questioned why lawmakers did n't provide better oversight of the program . "  The policies that allowed or turned a blind eye to these acts are no longer in place . The question is whether the intelligence committees are properly conducting oversight functions today , " he said in a statement . Webb also sent a number of tweets about the torture report that seemed to cast doubt on why Congress was looking into the matter now . "  Where was the Intelligence Committee when the torture was going on , " question Webb in one tweet . "  The question is not torture , but how far Congress has descended in its historical oversight role on key issues of foreign policy , " he said in another .	All 2016 Democrats are against torture , but have varying reactions to this week 's torture report release Martin O'Malley went the farthest when he called for a special prosecutor from the Justice Department Hillary Clinton supported the release of the report , but has yet to comment on its revelations Jim Webb questioned Congress ' role in the matter in tweets after the report was released
New York  CNN  -- Cellphone video captured by two New York-bound Delta Air Lines passengers Saturday night portrays the fear of an impending crash and the relief that followed when the pilot averted a catastrophic landing . "  Brace for impact , " a deep voice says on the intercom . "  Heads down ! Stay down ! Heads down ! Stay down ! " a woman commands for more than 30 seconds . Two passengers aboard Flight 4951 from Atlanta , Georgia , to White Plains , New York , taped the dramatic moments of their flight 's emergency landing at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York . The passengers who shot the footage , Chase Benzenberg and Alessandro Albero , said Monday on CNN 's "  American Morning " that what first seemed amusing soon turned into a serious situation . "  While we were circling Westchester Airport , we circled for a good 20 minutes and we were joking around with each other , saying , ' I do n't know if he knows where the landing strip is , ' and then they made the announcement on the loudspeaker , " Albero said . "  Alessandro was concerned that he was right next to the wing and he got to see the whole thing . So we did n't know if there was going to be sparks flying through the window , an engine flying through , " said Benzenberg . The footage from Flight 4951 shows sparks outside a window of the plane 's cabin . The flight experienced landing gear problems , according to a recording of a pilot 's conversation with air traffic control . "  We have 64 souls on board , " the pilot said , according to LiveATC.net , which provides audio from air traffic control radio communications . "  We 've been running all the checklists and talking to our maintenance and approach , our maintenance and dispatcher and we have not been able to get the landing gear down , " the pilot said . "  Our preference would be to proceed over to JFK and execute an emergency landing over there ... and if it 's not completely obvious , we just want to confirm , we are declaring an emergency . " After the pilot told passengers about the issues with the landing gear , "  We 're envisioning belly slide the whole way , with sparks , " Benzenberg said . "  But they actually came out later and said that there were -- it 's only the right rear landing gear that would not come down , so it would be hitting the wing , which is actually what happened . " Benzenberg said the announcement upset some of the passengers . "  I saw the lady sitting in front of me who just had tears coming down and she was holding her husband 's hand , " he said . "  Another lady was reaching for a life jacket , saying , ' I ca n't get it . It 's stuck . ' I said ` We do n't need that right now . We 're not going into water . Just listen to the instructions and try to stay calm . ' " The pilot and an air traffic controller arranged for the plane to land at JFK . "  Emergency equipment standing by midfield as a precautionary measure , " the air traffic controller said . The plane landed safely with no injuries reported . "  Landing was actually quite smooth . The pilot did a wonderful job , " Albero said . "  We came down and the plane tipped slightly and the sparks came up ... It was pretty intense , but they did a wonderful job . " Albero said the landing was "  an incredible moment , " with everybody clapping , then hugging and shaking hands after an immediate evacuation . In retrospect , the men say the situation was not as dire as their video made it seem . " -LSB- The flight attendant heard on the tape -RSB- actually made it more intense than I think it really was . But that 's what 's the right thing to do in that situation , " said Benzenberg . He added , "  Initially , we would say that we survived a plane crash , but it 's kind of -- after it was all finished , I almost hoped it was a little bit more bumpier or something just so we had a cooler story , but we 're just happy to be safe . " Albero 's girlfriend may have been among those most concerned . Albero drained his phone 's battery taping the incident , so after telling his girlfriend the plane was making an emergency landing , he was unable to call her back . He eventually contacted her on Benzenberg 's cellphone . The Federal Aviation Administration has not released a cause for why the plane 's landing gear malfunctioned . CNN 's Rick Martin , Ric Ward and Miguel Susana and contributed to this report .	A flight from Atlanta to White Plains , New York , experiences a landing gear problem No injuries are reported from the emergency landing Two passengers on board share their cellphone camera footage The landing was "  an incredible moment , " says one passenger
London  CNN  -- In five years time , all new homes built in the UK will be required to be zero carbon , with no net carbon emissions over a year . CNN spoke to green house-builders and environmentalists to answer some burning questions about zero carbon homes . Why do we need zero carbon homes ? Some 26 % of UK 's carbon emissions come from homes , making it a significant area for reducing emissions overall , according to UK Green Building Council and WWF . Neil Jefferson , of the Zero Carbon Hub , the agency set up by the British government to help achieve its target , said an average home built in 2006 emits 3.2 tons of carbon a year and a typical 100-year-old home emits about six tons . By 2016 , all new homes will have zero carbon emissions over a year . This will be a minimum requirement for homes to gain planning permission . Of course , most people will not be living in new houses , so existing homes will also need to be made more energy efficient , according to Zoe Leader , sustainable homes policy adviser for WWF . The UK aims to build somewhere in the region of 200,000 new homes a year , a drop in the ocean compared to more than 22 million existing homes . Quiz : Do you live a sustainable life ? What exactly does zero carbon mean ? Zero carbon homes will have no net carbon emissions over the course of a year . Energy use will be minimized by use of thermally efficient building materials and insulation . All the energy used to heat and light the home and run its appliances will need to be off-set using zero carbon technology such as wind turbines , solar panels and ground source heat pumps . When the target was originally set in 2006 , it was envisaged that all this renewable energy would be generated onsite , according to Jefferson . However , following a report in 2008 , which took in views from industry and green groups , it was decided that to be realistic , the definition needed to be relaxed to allow contributions to off-site renewable energy schemes . This would allow house-builders to make payments into new community energy schemes to off-set the carbon emissions of their homes . The exact definition of these "  allowable solutions " as the off-site schemes are known , is still being worked out . Leader , of WWF , said : "  We need to make sure these allowable solutions are truly additional , and not things that would have happened anyway . " The UK has a Code for Sustainable Homes , where the highest level 6 is zero carbon . Regulations will require homes to move gradually up the scale before 2016 . How does the UK 's target compare with others worldwide ? Jefferson , of the Zero Carbon Hub , said : "  The target is without doubt the most challenging in the world . " Many believe that while countries such as Germany , Sweden and China have already produced more zero carbon homes than the UK , nowhere else can rival its ambitious target for 2016 . John Alker , director of policy and communications at UK Green Building Council , an industry body liaising with the government over green issues , said : "  This country 's target is world-leading , not on what we have delivered so far , but in ambition . "  EU legislation is leading towards zero carbon building , but the UK is ahead of the picture in having such an ambitious target . Germany and Scandinavia have historically had better building standards and some countries have decided to tackle the commercial building stock first . " Leader agreed : "  There are pockets of sustainable developments such as Freiburg in Germany and Malmo in Sweden , but nowhere else has a far-reaching policy like this . "  EU legislation is heading toward zero carbon building by 2020 . " However , Bill Dunster , an architect who founded ZED Factory , based in the UK and China , and has built between 300 and 500 zero carbon homes worldwide , said : "  There 's very little demand in the UK compared with Germany and China , who are both far more ambitious and innovative . " How many zero carbon homes have been built so far ? Very few . In 2007 the UK government announced tax relief on zero carbon homes and so far only about 25 homes have qualified , according to Alker , of the UK Green Building Council . However , this tax relief was based on the definition that all off-set energy had to be produced onsite , a definition which has since been considered unrealistic . Alker added : "  This is a future policy and standards are ramping up between now and 2016 . There 's not a huge incentive to go out and do it now . " Dunster , who founded ZED Factory in 1998 , said : "  Despite what all the volume house builders are saying , it 's not difficult if you want to do it . We are just getting on with it . " He added : "  In the UK , we are doing small-scale privately funded developments , whereas in China we are being asked to design whole city extensions with thousands of homes . "	UK regulations will require all new homes to have zero net carbon emissions by 2016 These are the most ambitious targets in the world , according to experts Germany , Sweden and China have built more sustainable homes so far , say environmentalists
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Negotiations to end a mass hunger strike by up to 2,000 Palestinians detained by Israel are making progress and a resolution may be only days away , Palestinian officials said Saturday . The talks over the detainee demands involve Palestinians , Israeli officials and Egyptian mediators . "  We have been informed by the Egyptian mediators that there is a very close deal to be reached in the coming hours or maybe by tomorrow , " said Khaled al-Batsh , an Islamic Jihad leader and spokesman . Between 1,600 and 2,000 Palestinians are protesting prison conditions and administrative detention , a controversial Israeli military practice that allows authorities to detain people indefinitely . Hassan Abed Rabo , a spokesman for the Palestinian Ministry of Detainees and ex-Detainees , told CNN he was aware of progress in the negotiations , but did not know the details . The head of the Palestinian Prisoner Association Club , Qadoura Fares , said a deal had not been reached , but pressure to resolve the standoff included American and European officials . A senior Israeli official on Saturday would say only that talks to end the impasse were ongoing . Israel 's high court on Monday rejected an appeal requesting the release of two Palestinian prisoners who have been on a hunger strike for nearly two and a half months , an attorney representing them said . Judges ruled that the two men , Bilal Diab and Tha'er Halahlah , remained a security risk to Israel , and that their hunger strike was not a reason to release them from administrative detention , according to lawyer Jamil al-Khatib . "  If any harm happens to the prisoners especially to Tha'er Halahlah and Bilal DIab and Jafar Ezzidein and all the other prisoners , Israel should be responsible and bare the consequences and consider that the truce is no longer binding , " said al-Batsh . The Israeli military 's detention process also allows for detention based on secret evidence , and there is no requirement to charge the detainees or to allow them to stand trial . Diab and Halahlah , members of the Gaza-based militant group Islamic Jihad , are both in custody under administrative detention . Diab has been in custody for nine months , while Halahlah has been in custody for 22 months . On Sunday , Al-Khatib said his clients were nearing death and accused the Israeli high court of procrastinating in delivering a ruling . "  I believe what the court is doing here is trying to break the will of both prisoners so they will back down in their hunger strike , " he said . An Israeli foreign ministry spokesman , Yigal Palmor , told CNN that both men "  were arrested for their direct involvement in promoting terror " and suggested that administrative detention constituted "  the only available means to thwart the danger " the men posed to Israel . Amany Daify , a project coordinator for Physicians for Human Rights , an Israeli group advocating on behalf of the hunger striking prisoners , said both prisoners "  are in a life-threatening condition " and continued to refuse to be given minerals or liquids . More than 4,500 Palestinian prisoners are in Israeli prisons for a variety of offenses , ranging from rock-throwing to murder . Of these , about 300 are being held in administrative detention , according to rights groups . The vast majority of prisoners refusing to eat began their protest April 17 , while a handful have been without food for longer . While hunger strikes are not a new tactic of Palestinian resistance , a series of recent high-profile cases has brought increased attention to the practice and served as a rallying cry for Palestinians , who have staged multiple protests in the West Bank and Gaza in support of prisoners . Besides the administrative detention policy , the Palestinian detainees ' principal demands are an end to solitary confinement , arbitrary night raids and what they term indecent searches of prisoners . They also want access to educational material , improved food and access to television . They also want family members living in Gaza to be permitted to visit . A committee representing prisoners must approve any proposed agreement in order for the hunger strike to end . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	At least 1,650 Palestinian detainees are on a hunger strike Negotiations continue over their demands They want an end to Israel 's practice of holding people indefinitely without charge
CNN  -- Florida Gov. Rick Scott met late Thursday with a group of several hundred Florida A&M students upset over his recommendation that trustees suspend the school 's president in the wake of alleged hazing and "  financial irregularities . " Chanting "  We 've got questions . You 've got answers , " the students marched to the governor 's mansion , promising to stay until Scott changed his mind . "  We are not going to leave , " said Breyon Love , the FAMU student body president . "  Mr. Governor , with all due respect , we will be here all night , all day tomorrow until you apologize or rescind that recommendation . " Appearing in a gray sweatshirt , Scott addressed the crowd through a megaphone outside the mansion , thanking them for caring and coming out . "  I want the best thing for FAMU . I want the best thing for the FAMU family . I want the best thing for the great state of Florida , " the governor told students , although not conceding to their wishes . Earlier , Scott had told the chairman of FAMU 's board of trustees , Solomon L. Badger III , that he felt the board should take further action against university President James Ammons when it meets Monday , the statement said . The governor also "  placed a call " to Ammons to notify him of these conversations . "  I think it 's in his best interests  to  make sure that there is no question that this university is doing the right thing and cooperating , " Scott said Thursday . The discussions came after Scott returned Thursday from a trade mission to Israel and was briefed by staffers on recent developments out of the Tallahassee university , according to the governor 's office . Ammons responded Thursday that he was "  sure that this investigation will determine that , under my leadership , the administration acted appropriately . " At the same time , he said he was prepared to accept his fate . "  I serve at the pleasure of the FAMU board of trustees , and I will abide by whatever decision the board reaches , " he said . Badger also released a statement in which he acknowledged "  a communication with the governor . " He said he had n't talked with other trustees , promising that "  we will make a decision about how we move forward Monday . " "  This is a very difficult decision that we are facing , " Badger said . The band 's director , Julian White , has been placed on administrative leave . One trustee , Rufus Montgomery , advocated a week ago that the university president should likewise be suspended -- but , instead , the board voted then to reprimand him . "  If you can place ... Julian White on administrative leave pending an investigation outcome , then we as a board can place James Ammons on administrative leave , procedure-wise , " Montgomery said December 8 . The school president had pledged Wednesday to "  root out this culture of hazing , " though he declined to offer details about what specifically might change . Band drum major Robert Champion Jr. , 26 , died after a November 19 football game following a suspected hazing incident . He "  reportedly threw up in the parking lot and started complaining of not being able to breathe , " authorities said in a statement . He was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead . No cause of death has been released . Some band members said he may have died after a rite of passage called "  crossing Bus C. " One member , who spoke on condition of anonymity , explained that members "  walk from the front of the bus to the back of the bus back backward while the bus is full of other band members , and you get beaten until you get to the back . " About three weeks before Champion 's death , freshman band member Bria Hunter suffered a cracked femur , deep bone bruising and blood clots after being beaten repeatedly on the thighs , according to arrest affidavits from Tallahassee police . Three men -- Sean Hobson , 23 , Aaron Golson , 19 , and James Harris , 22 -- were charged with hazing , a crime under Florida law , this week in her case . Hobson and Golson additionally are charged with felony battery . "  We 're sending all these kids off to school . ... We expect them to come back with an education and alive , " Scott said Thursday . The university 's troubles go beyond the hazing reports . Jerry Bailey , commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , said Wednesday that authorities looking into Champion 's death had found evidence of "  financial irregularities having to do with the band and several other components of the university . " The suspected fraud is not directly related to Champion 's death , Bailey said . "  It became apparent  from  some of the people that we interviewed  that  the financial irregularities had to do with the band travels and other sports and administrative components of the university , " he said . The state commissioner said it is premature to conclude that the irregularities are "  systemic , " adding that it is too soon to tell how much money may be involved . But , he added , "  it 's not just isolated " to the band program . In a statement Wednesday , Badger -- chairman of FAMU 's trustees -- said the university could not comment , "  but we are cooperating fully with this and all investigations . " The governor said Thursday that he is n't advocating that Ammons resign but rather "  step aside " until the investigation is complete . Ideally , this inquiry will show that whatever problems are "  isolated , " he added . "  My goal is to have a thorough investigation that everybody feels very comfortable that everybody cooperated with , " Scott said . "  Hopefully , there was nothing more  Ammons  could do . " Champions ' parents did not reference Ammons specifically during an interview , which was conducted with HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky before Scott made his recommendation . Yet the young man 's father did state that it was important that there 's accountability -- for both Champion 's death and hazing in general . "  I think the school should be held accountable , I think that each organization should be held accountable , " Robert Champion Sr. said Thursday . "  We have to get down to the root of the problem , so that everyone can be responsible . " His wife , Pam Champion , said their family will champion anti-hazing education efforts and look into setting up a hotline through which people can anonymously call in reports of hazing . She said that everyone at FAMU -- from administrators , to students , to alumni -- and other schools need to work together to stop hazing , which she called endemic to a larger cultural issue . "  If you 're not going to be part of the solution , then you are part of the problem , " Pam Champion said . "  The idea is to  get  rid of the whole culture , the whole mind-set of it . " CNN 's Jason Carroll , John Branch , Rich Phillips and Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	Florida Gov. Rick Scott wants FAMU president James Ammons to step down amid hazing investigation The FAMU trustees chairman says a "  very difficult decision " will be made Monday FAMU has been a focal point since last month 's death of a drum major after alleged hazing Authorities found evidence of "  financial irregularities " at the school , a state official said
CNN  -- The question means little to millions living in poverty with neither electricity nor electronics . But there are also millions now weaving the Web 2.0 ever more tightly into their social fabric -- witness the booming popularity of Facebook and other social networking sites -- so the question seems worth asking . Happiness can be found everywhere , including social networks and on blogs . Enter the "  Virtual Happiness Project " in the Netherlands , which explores the relationship between the Web 2.0  in particular  and happiness . Though the final report has n't been released yet , the project 's global survey results and experiments suggest something that a lot of Facebook users already sense : social interaction is a driver for happiness , and the Web 2.0 is a valid way to experience it . Jim Stolze , a writer and researcher involved with the project , says the Internet has become our "  new global campfire , " the place where we gather to argue , laugh , talk , learn , love , turn strangers into friends , and to get a sense of belonging . "  We are a social species and we need to interact in order to feel alive , " he says . As happiness research over the past half century or so has shown , belonging is a strong a predictor of happiness . Psychology courses introduce students to Maslow 's "  hierarchy of needs , " a pyramid diagram created by the American psychologist Abraham Maslow . The project suggests the pyramid 's middle levels of "  love/belonging " and "  esteem " can be met by services like blogs , Facebook , Twitter and other elements of Web 2.0 , like comments sections below news articles or YouTube posts . But as with anything there are perils tempering the benefits of heavy Internet usage . Stolze warns the Internet can cause stress in users who do n't take control of the experience . "  The attitude that they treat the medium with , " he says , "  defines the happiness they experience . " People who feel they "  rule the Web " are happier than those who feel like "  they are ruled by the Web , " he says . "  The first group sees the long tail as a brilliant place to cherry pick for the best results , and the second group immediately experiences stress because they ca n't look at all the results . " Staying in control At this month 's TED conference in California , Stolze gave some light-hearted but probably sound advice for making sure you 're in control of your Internet life . Among the tidbits dispensed : Do n't take your Blackberry into the bedroom . Accept that there is more information than you can possibly look at . Human filters of information  like your Twitter network  often beat machine filters  like Google  . Know when to go online and when to go offline -- sometimes a face-to-face talk is needed . Ignoring the latter is a possible sign of Internet addiction , a growing problem in many parts of the world . At clinics like the Illinois Institute for Addiction Recovery at Proctor Hospital , patients  especially online gamers  are challenged to look at sacrificing some of the "  high " they get out engaging in their addictive behavior  a boost in self-esteem , a sense of belonging , an ability to forget about real-world problems  because of the consequences of the negative aspects . These can include loss of personal relationships , conflict with family members , and the threat of job loss . Of course it 's important to distinguish between addicts and healthy users , which make up the vast majority . "  As far as people using networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter to derive happiness , that is not uncommon , " says Shannon Chrismore , a clinical coordinator at the clinic . "  Many people can use these sites for their intended purpose -- to remain in contact with people and/or to develop personal relationships . " But perhaps even healthy Internet users get "  addicted " -- and are aware of it -- to at least some degree . As part of a playful experiment , Stolze , a blogger and Twitter user with hundreds of followers , decided to spend the month of December completely offline , during which time he worked on his upcoming book "  How to Survive Your Inbox "  written in Dutch  . Feelings he experienced went from "  phantom limb " strangeness in the first week to anger and regret in the second to peace of mind in the third . Without the online distractions , he says , "  I had tons of energy and have never been more productive than in that single week . " In the fourth week there was anticipation but also a sense of growing anxiety about losing that sense of quietness and ability to focus . Life without the Internet , he decided after the experiment , was not for him . Life without email , though , was a blessing . A lot of us , not just Stolze , are wondering what it would be like to unplug for a while . That in itself is interesting . Twenty years ago the idea that millions would be so absorbed in the Internet might have seemed unlikely and bizarre . A T-shirt of Stolze 's reading "  The Internet was closed so I thought I 'd come outside today " would n't have struck a chord the way it does now . And virtual happiness -- and unhappiness -- would n't have been considered real .	Dutch project examined relationship between Web 2.0 and happiness Project suggests blogs social networks provide strong feelings of belonging Danger of too much Internet usage leading to loss in real life relationships
CNN  -- In a twist of fate , the hosts ' vanquishers became the heroes . Germany 's Mario Gtze 's late , late strike made the difference in the final against Argentina , and his sublime goal prevented Brazil 's neighbors and arch-rivals from lifting the trophy . The two finalists played out an entertaining match that left both the teams ' fans and neutrals on the edge of their seats until almost the last kick of the game . Ultimately , all it lacked was the goals that these Brazil crowds have come to expect . Huge street party The German capital came alive at the final whistle , with cars taking to the packed streets , waving German flags and scarves . Up to 500,000 fans packed into the huge fan zone in the center of the city , which was extended to 1.3 kilometer from the city 's iconic Brandenburg Gate to accommodate the throngs of expectant fans . The city , whose mood was n't dampened by the rain that fell throughout the match , hosted fans from all over the country , and beyond . The crowd in the Mitte district of Berlin erupted as Gtze 's goal went in on the 113th minute . The Bayern Munich star took Andre Schrrle 's pass on his chest before displaying exquisite technique to volley the ball past Sergio Romero . The raucous street parties that followed were intermittently interrupted by celebratory car horns . It is the country 's fourth World Cup , and its first as a unified Germany . Fans in the capital told CNN that they planned to party well into the early hours of the morning . Traveling fans celebrate in Rio Outside Rio de Janerio 's famous stadium , German fans were equally delirious . "  I feel very , very good , this is the best day of my life , " a exuberant fan named Lars told CNN outside the stadium . "  We say before the Maracana , this is an amazing place , but I must say this is a fantastic day for my whole life . " Many of the Argentinian spectators at the Maracana in Rio left before the award presentation was over , distressed and angry at their team 's narrow defeat . The heartbreak continues , at least for another four years , when the tournament will kick off again in Russia . In the end , though , no one could begrudge Germany their fourth World Cup . The team which triumphed also scored the highest number of goals , and produced arguably the most exciting football -- including that 7-1 blowout against the hosts in the semifinal . Throughout this match and the tournament , Germany coach Joachim Lw 's men dominated possession and passing . Here , Germany weathered the storm of Argentina chances . "  Team spirit " "  We 've always played good football and I believe that over this tournament , over seven matches , we 've shown the best performances of any of the teams here in Brazil , " Lw said . "  The boys have also developed a team spirit which is unbelievable . "  It was good that we had played who could come on and make an impact , and -LSB- Mario -RSB- Gtze is a miracle boy -- a boy wonder . I always knew he could decide the match . " Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella was magnanimous in defeat , and reserved special praise for his team , who made it to their first final in 24 years . "  My players were warriors and I congratulated them afterward because , beyond the sadness of the result , a coach must always assess his team 's performance -- and I believe that was quite good , " he said after the final whistle . "  They left everything on the pitch . " The German players marveled at a result which stemmed from many years work , which began under the previous coach , Jurgen Klinsmann . Lasting legacy "  It is unbelievable , " German keeper Manuel Neuer , who also picked up the tournament 's Golden Glove award for best goalkeeper , told German football magazine Kicker . "  The team has done superbly , not only the players , but also the team behind the team . At some point we will stop celebrating , but we will always stand up again with a smile . " The feeling of incredulity was echoed by his teammate , captain Philipp Lahm , who lifted trophy in front of thousands of fans in Rio , alongside ten world leaders , including the German Chancellor , Angela Merkel . "  It 's unbelievable what we have achieved , " said the Bayern Munich defender . "  We improved throughout the tournament and did n't get down when things did n't always go our way . "  We just stuck to our path and at the end we 're standing here as world champions . It 's an unbelievable feeling . The team stayed calm and patient , we knew that we had something left at the end . " Positive press The world 's sports media praised the German victory , with Andy Brassell of Bleacher Report UK tweeting , "  Germany deserving winners , on the night and overall . Thoroughly satisfying final between two really good sides , though . " CBS ' Jason La Canfora tweeted his agreement . "  Amazing tourney for Germany . We 'll  sic  deserved . Began by thrashing Portugal and ended by beating both South American giants . Best team won . " Lionel Messi , named Golden Ball winner for an outstanding tournament , could n't fulfill his destiny in the final . Plagued by comparisons with that other Argentine great , Diego Maradona , Messi could n't replicate his usual form in this match . However , Sabella dismissed suggestions that this left him short of Maradona 's achievements . "  He 's already an all-time great , " he said . "  He 's very tired after a long season . " Coping with loss Argentina 's Javier Mascherano , who kept his team 's hopes alive with a heroic , last-ditch tackle on Arjen Robben during the semifinal against the Netherlands , said that the pain of losing was "  immense . " The teary-eyed vice-captain , who has likely seen his last World Cup finals , said that while his team had the lion 's share of chances , they could n't convert them . "  We wanted to win this for the people of Argentina , for those who came here to support us , but we lost . "  We have represented our country the best we could , though . We have to lift our heads despite the pain . We gave everything we could out there . "  And we only had to last another five minutes at the end . We just did n't have that little bit of luck that you need in a final . " Bizarre moments at the World Cup final Four takeaways from World Cup 2014 Correction : We originally stated that Gtze scored in the 119th minute , not the 113th . This has now been amended .	Germany wins World Cup with a hard-fought extra-time goal Fans in German capital and around the country celebrate late into the night German coach credits players , project started by his predecessor
CNN  -- Haiti 's infrastructure was among the world 's worst even in the best of times , the country 's ambassador to the United States said Tuesday . "  It was a catastrophe waiting to happen , " Raymond Alcide Joseph told CNN from Washington shortly after a 7.0 earthquake leveled parts of his home country , cutting power and phone lines in the capital city of Port-au-Prince . "  Sadly , it has happened . " He called the result "  a catastrophe of major proportions . " The capital city is surrounded by hills to which "  little flimsy houses " were struggling to hold on , he said . Frank Williams of World Vision Haiti told CNN from the Petionville section of the capital that the building in which his organization is based shook for about 35 seconds and did not weather it well . Learn more about Haiti , poorest nation in Americas "  Portions of things on the building fell off , " he said . "  Fortunately for us , our building remains standing and none of our staff were injured , but lots of walls are falling down . Many of our staff have tried to leave , but were unsuccessful because the walls from buildings and private residences were falling into the streets . " In the capital , government buildings were damaged , phone service was spotty and electricity was out , except for people who had emergency generators , Williams said . The quake 's impact also shook the psyches of residents , particularly when aftershocks occurred , he said . "  If there is another aftershock , there is a kind of wail as people are very frightened by it , " Williams said . "  But most people are out in the streets and just kind of looking up . " Joseph said he had spoken with Secretary-General Fritz Longchamps , who told him buildings collapsed on either side of him as he walked along a street in Petionville . Catholic Relief Services , international relief agency based in Baltimore , spoke briefly with their person in charge in Port-au-Prince before the line went dead . Regional Information Officer Robyn Feiser said the representative told them "  it 's a total disaster . " She quotes him as saying , "  I never felt anything like this . It was a major hit , and it was direct . " He told Robin their building was shaking but still standing , but the building across the street from them collapsed . He described a cloud of dust everywhere , and people moving into courtyards to get away from buildings . Eighty percent of Haiti 's 9 million residents live under the poverty line and more than half -- 54 percent -- live in abject poverty , according to the CIA Factbook . In 2008 , four tropical storms damaged the transportation infrastructure and agricultural sector , on which two-thirds of Haitians depend , mainly as subsistence farmers . Citing that World Bank assessment , the Organization of American States said in a report on its Web site , "  Among the numerous factors explaining the extent of the loss of lives and goods are the absence of land use zoning and building guidelines , and comprehensive enforcement mechanisms . " The OAS report added Haiti has no national building codes . Former U.S. Ambassador to Haiti Timothy M. Carney told CNN that Port-au-Prince was particularly at risk because it grew rapidly from a population of about 250,000 in the mid-1950s to more than 2 million today , all with little oversight . City planners had called for the surrounding hills to remain undeveloped in order to protect an aquifer . "  That did n't happen , " Carney said . "  People started building up those hillsides . " Instead of building concrete structures , they built shanties , he said . "  My fear is that they all fell down . "	Haitian ambassador to U.S. : Infrastructure of island nation poor in best of times Raymond Alcide Joseph calls quake "  a catastrophe of major proportions " People are reported out in the streets , cowering in strong aftershocks OAS says lack of any building standards in Haiti makes residents vulnerable
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Cool suit ? Check . Edgy spectacles ? Check . Warm vocal chords ? Check . Gary Go uses iPhone apps to help him compose new material -- and provide instant accompaniment . Instrument ? Powering up iPhone ... These days , British singer Gary Go might reach for his iPhone before his keyboard when hammering out a tune . He says applications such as Chordica and Beatmaker allow him to compose material and provide instant accompaniment for those spontaneous moments when he feels the need for a good sing  during the interview , Go broke into song every five minutes  . Go 's gadget of choice even doubled as a "  fifth member of the band " during his July performance in front of 70,000 at London 's Wembley Stadium . He hooked it up to an amplifier and tapped out drum beats on the little screen . Watch Go in action with his iPhone " Luckily , he said , his "  mum ' "  did n't call him mid-show to tell him his dinner was ready .  "  That would be a bit embarrassing . Thank goodness for airplane mode . " While the iPhone might be a handy tool for musicians  a couple of months ago , I watched as rock 'n' roller Rhett Miller tuned his guitar using an app called Power Tuner  , Go says he 's still a fan of old-school methods . The Londoner used real instruments when making his self-titled debut album , out this week in the U.S.  Decca  . Lead single is "  wonderful " That 's actually the song title : "  Wonderful . " It dips and soars in all the right spots like any good Coldplay-esque pop song should . It had a good run on iTunes as the service 's single of the week and is worth checking out if you like a good chorus that sticks in your noggin for a few days . Twitter-lyrical ... Go was intrigued by a heart-shaped balloon he saw entangled in a tree outside his home , so he posted a picture of it on the social networking site Twitter . He then enlisted his followers to suggest lyrics based on the pic , and wrote and recorded a song incorporating their comments : "  Love , I 'm caught by the wind , I 've lost all control , 'cause you caught my heart string ... " So the followers are entitled to royalties ? Not so fast ! Because the piece was offered up as a charity song to aid the British Heart Foundation last month , there wo n't be royalties . Gaga and Go-Go A fan of singer Lady Gaga , Go likes to perform a cover of the flamboyant star 's hit "  Let 's Dance . " He was also Gaga 's supporting act during the European leg of her tour earlier this year . It 's time to get things started ... Creativity runs in Go 's family . His father worked as a producer for Jim Henson 's "  The Muppet Show . "	British singer Gary Go uses his iPhone for musical accompaniment On Go 's self-titled album , he stuck with old school , playing real instruments Go used Twitter to send a photo to fans ; he used comments to write a song
CNN  -- An education department in one Malaysian state is sending effeminate boys to a boot camp to change their behavior , a move that 's drawn fire from educators and activists . The Terengganu state Education Department picked 66 boys for the camp this month , part of a program to help boys deal with identity crises , media in the Asian nation reported . The camp offers physical training and other activities and is designed to prevent the boys from developing feminine traits , The Star newspaper reported , quoting Razali Daud , the education department 's director . "  The boys involved were selected from most schools in the state , " Daud is quoted as saying . "  They were carefully vetted before a final selection was made . " Daud said there could be big problems for such boys if their behavior was not addressed . He cited a couple of factors contributing to the issue -- parents dressing boys in girl 's clothing "  as they had really wanted a girl " or boys "  surrounded by female siblings . " The move smacks of homophobia to many . Donna Guest , deputy director of the Asia-Pacific program at Amnesty International , deplored the action , which "  feeds into gender stereotyping and homophobia . " Malaysia is a state party to the Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women , and an article in that convention calls on countries to ensure that gender stereotyping does not occur , she said . "  Starting a re-education camp or boot camp is directly counter to that . It goes to encouraging discrimination against all people because of their sexual orientation . " Guest also noted that homosexuality is illegal in Malaysia . "  Amnesty would oppose that and urges the government to repeal those provisions in the law , " she said , adding that "  anyone who is arrested merely for being gay we would consider as prisoners of conscience , they should be released immediately non-conditionally . " Malaysia 's Women , Family and Community Development Minister Datuk Seri Sharizat Abdul Jalil said the ministry views the move with "  alarm and great concern " and said such boot camps should be abolished . "  The experience of being singled out on the basis of perceived characteristics is an extremely traumatizing experience , in particular for adolescent teens . Such profiling has potentially serious psychological repercussions and could harm the development and mental health of the children , as it exposes them to prejudices among their peers and members of their family and community , " she said . She said the camps violate the Child Act 2001 , which says "  every child is entitled to protection and assistance in all circumstances without regard to distinction of any kind , such as race , colour , sex , language , religion , social origin or physical , mental or emotional disabilities or any other status . " The Joint Action Group for Gender Equality , a coalition of Malaysian organizations , said it was appalled at the move , noting that "  identifying and singling out boys who behave effeminately is highly discriminatory bordering on predatory . " It said the department is undermining the role of education -- nurturing "  the personality and talents of the child " and inculcating "  respect for human rights in preparation for responsible adulthood . " And it said fashioning a criterion for so-called normal behavior "  is highly questionable . " "  The boys in this case have been denied and persecuted for the expression of their personalities and identities . Ideally , school is supposed to provide a safe and neutral space for children to develop without fear of recrimination for being themselves , " the group said . It added that the children in question were n't -- but should have been -- consulted . "  Corrective boot camps to ` fix ' children and individuals must not be condoned because it violates the rights of people who are perceived as ` different . ' It should be strongly opposed and challenged as it promotes homophobia and prejudice . We should send a clear message to institutions that they have no business meddling with an individual 's identity and personal preference , " the group said . Ellen Kahn , director of the Human Rights Campaign 's Foundation Family Project and a professional social worker , said it is "  heartbreaking that young men are being forced into ` masculinity camps ' simply because some adults do n't think they are masculine enough . " The group is an advocate for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights . "  It is irresponsible for adults -- particularly parents -- to shame and punish their children for who they are . These attempts to change children only cause emotional harm and distress . We should heed the advice of The American Psychological Association , and the American Academy of Pediatrics , among other experts , and provide love , support and affirmation to our children regardless of their gender expression or sexual orientation . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	The boys are from Terengganu state The move has touched a nerve for many One official said such boot camps should be abolished
Venice , Louisiana  CNN  -- Gulf coast residents braced Saturday for the arrival of a massive oil slick creeping toward shore as nearly a million feet of boom were deployed in an effort to protect precious estuaries and wildlife -- even as thousands of barrels of crude continued gushing into the water . Landfall along the Mississippi River Delta and other Gulf areas was expected as early as Saturday . "  I 'm pretty much on pause right now ... it 's just a big waiting game , " said David Boola , a fisherman who leads boat trips for tourists out of Venice , Louisiana . But even as officials and residents wait for the oil to reach land , the slick has already taken a dramatic toll on life all along the Gulf Coast , bringing fishing and tourism to a halt in many places and threatening to cripple those industries for weeks to come . "  I 'm extremely worried because I have customers that -LSB- have -RSB- already canceled trips , " Boola told CNN Saturday . "  I should be out taking people fishing today and I 'm not . I 'm not making money today . Or tomorrow . I 'm worried about the now factor , you know ? " Government leaders echoed those fears . "  The oil that is leaking offshore , the oil that is coming onto our coast threatens more than just our wildlife , our fisheries , our coast , " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said at a Saturday press conference . "  This oil literally threatens our way of life . " The oil company BP -- which operated the rig whose sinking caused the underwater oil gusher -- partnered with government officials to hold town hall meetings throughout the region Saturday to respond to concern about the spill 's consequences . But frustration was growing Saturday in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida . At a town hall meeting in Bayou La Batre , Alabama , Mayor Stan Wright warned fishermen in the audience that outbursts would be met with arrest . The fishermen were told that they were not allowed to ask questions . Jindal suggested the response to the oil slick has so far been inadequate , saying "  we continue to be concerned with BP 's ability to respond to this incident . " Jindal said he has been working with local officials to develop cleanup contingency plans , but needs funding approval from BP and authorization from the U.S. Coast Guard 's incident commander to move forward . "  We need to empower our locals on the ground , " he said . "  Now they 're saying we are seeing sheens , " hitting the coast , Jindal said Saturday , citing the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  But they expect the heavier oil to be coming by tomorrow and Monday . " U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Admiral Thad Allen -- who the Obama administration designated Saturday to lead response to the oil slick -- said that oil is likely to reach shorelines in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama . "  The real question is when , " he said . Allen said Saturday that the government and BP 's top priority is trying to stop the oil leak , but offered no timetable for when that goal might be achieved . "  We do n't know how many days the discharge will continue to occur , " he said . Such reports darkened forecasts about the spill 's environmental impact . "  This has the potential of being truly devastating , " Tom McKenzie , of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told CNN . Environmentalist Richard Charter of the Defenders of Wildlife organization said the magnitude of the oil leak could cause damage that would last decades . "  This event is a self-feeding fire , " Charter told CNN . "  It is so big and expanding so fast that it 's pretty much beyond human response that can be effective . ... You 're looking at a long-term poisoning of the area . Ultimately , this will have a multi-decade impact . " President Obama announced he will visit the oil spill area Sunday morning . The oil spill started April 20 , after an explosion on the BP-operated Deepwater Horizon drilling platform in the Gulf of Mexico . Eleven oil rig workers remain missing and are presumed dead . The rig sank April 22 about 50 miles  80 km  off the southeast coast of Louisiana , and the untapped wellhead is gushing about 5,000 barrels of oil a day into the Gulf of Mexico , according to BP and government estimates . Some environmentalists say the amount could be much larger . About 1.6 million gallons of oil have spilled since the explosion , the Coast Guard said . BP said two Louisiana communities -- Venice and Port Fourchon -- will be the first places likely hit by the oil slick . Nearly 2,000 personnel have joined the response effort , which includes 68 vessels , among them skimmers , tugs , barges and oil-recovery ships , officials said . Crews worked through Friday night to dispense 3,000 gallons of sub-surface dispersant , officials said . The Coast Guard 's Allen said that an initial test of dispersant released near the wellhead suggested the method could "  significantly mitigate the amount -LSB- of oil -RSB- that makes it to the surface . " Such tests have never been done before , BP spokeswoman Marti Powers said . She said that the dispersants attach themselves to underwater concentrations of oil , causing the oil to sink to the bottom and dissipate . While the dispersants can help dissipate oil slicks and help birds and other land-based or water-surface wildlife , the chemicals can hurt fish and other underwater species , environmentalist Charter said . "  The scale of the event and the likely duration of the event ... really leaves responders with no good options , " Charter said . "  While -LSB- dispersants -RSB- can protect terrestial wildlife ... out in the ocean they make toxic biocomponents available to the marine food chain . " Rapid response teams are staged to deploy to shorelines affected by the oil , federal officials said Saturday . The teams will evaluate and determine an appropriate clean-up effort to minimize impact on the environment . In addition , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has approved Jindal 's request to mobilize 6,000 National Guard troops . Meanwhile , the Minerals Management Service has been in contact with all oil and gas operators in the oil spill area , officials said . Two platforms have stopped production and one has been evacuated as a safety measure , federal officials said in a release Saturday morning . Federal officials have urged BP to beef up its response . "  We 'll continue to urge BP to leverage additional assets , " Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano said Friday as she toured the area . "  It is time for BP to supplement their current mobilization as the slick of oil moves toward shore . " Doug Suttles , chief operating officer of BP , said the company has had three priorities : stop the flow of oil , minimize its impact and keep the public informed . "  We 've so far mounted the largest response effort ever done in the world , " Suttles said . "  We 've utilized every technology available , we 've applied every resource request . ... We welcome every new idea and every offer of support . " BP said it has been trying to stop the flow by using remote-controlled submarines to activate a valve atop the well . But the valve is not working , the energy company said . As concerns about the spill 's toll mount -- particularly in the commercial fishing industry , a critical $ 2.4 billion economic engine for the region -- Obama promised steps to prevent a similar disaster in the future . The president asked Interior Secretary Ken Salazar "  to conduct a thorough review of this incident and report back to me in 30 days on what , if any , additional precautions and technologies should be required to prevent accidents like this from happening again . " Federal officials , including the president , emphasized that BP is legally responsible for paying the costs of the response to and cleanup of the spill . The cause of the blast on the Deepwater Horizon remains unknown . Seventeen of the 126 people on the rig were injured in the blast , three of them critically . One person remained hospitalized Saturday , federal officials said . The House Energy and Commerce Committee is investigating . CNN 's Arthur Brice and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Fishing and tourism grind to a halt in many places U.S. wildlife official warns of "  multi-decade impact " from spill Dispersants to be applied near spill site Saturday , BP says President Obama announces he will visit the spill area on Sunday
CNN  Officer Michael Slager 's five-year career with the North Charleston Police Department in South Carolina ended after he resorted to deadly force following a routine traffic stop . Slager , 33 , has been fired , officials said Wednesday . His wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born , North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey told reporters . He also has two stepchildren . His mother was interviewed by ABC News on Thursday . She told ABC her son loved being a police officer . "  I ca n't imagine him doing something that . ... It 's not like him . That 's just not his character , " Karen Sharpe said . She told ABC she has n't watched the video of the shooting . Slager initially told investigators that he used a Taser in a confrontation Saturday with Walter Scott , who was pulled over for a busted taillight . But Scott went for the Taser , according to Slager . A widely circulated video of the shooting death of the 50-year-old unarmed African-American man by the white police officer tells another story : Scott attempts to run . His back is to Slager , who , from a few yards away , raises his gun and fires . Slager is now charged with murder . The FBI is involved in the investigation of the slaying of the father of four . "  Shots fired and the subject is down , " Slager said moments after the shooting , according to reports . "  He took my Taser . " Slager was proficient with the nonlethal Taser . According to personnel records , he scored 50 out of 50 on a Taser certification exam in 2011 . Before the officer starts firing at Scott , the video shows a dark object falling behind him and hitting the ground . It 's not clear whether that is the Taser . Later in the video , when Slager approaches Scott 's body , he drops a dark object next to the man . Again , it 's not clear whether that 's the Taser . It 's unknown whether Scott took the officer 's Taser or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body . Slager was named in a police complaint in 2013 after he allegedly "  tased a man for no reason " before slamming him to the ground and dragging him , according to the North Charleston Police Department . At the time , Slager was searching for a suspect who was described as being 5-feet-5-inches tall . The African-American man he confronted was 6-feet-3 inches tall . A lawyer for the man who filed the complaint , Mario Givens , said his client plans to file a lawsuit . "  The citizens of North Charleston should n't have to live in the fear , " the lawyer , Eduardo Curry , told reporters Thursday . Givens said Slager came to his door , ordered him out of the house and then tased him . "  It was painful , " he said . "  I fell . I have a couple bruises . " Slager was later cleared in that incident . "  I was upset , " Givens said . "  They took a real long time to even investigate the case . " In another complaint in January , Slager was cited for failing to file a report after an African-American woman called police because her children were being harassed . Slager had worked as a waiter before joining the military , records show . He served in the U.S. Coast Guard from 2003 to 2009 , according to a job application filed with the North Charleston Police Department . That application , filed in January 2009 , said Slager had not been convicted of a felony in the past seven years . Personnel documents describe Slager as "  enthused " when he joined the force and said he demonstrated "  great officer safety tactics " in dealing with suspects . South Carolina senators , governor condemn police shooting Slager 's annual in-service mandatory training included a range of topics from first aid to firearms and Taser use . Slager passed his certifications . In August , Slager passed a firearms qualification . From 2009 to 2014 , Slager qualified in the use of his Glock firearm . He received and passed yearly training in "  bias based profiling " and "  ethics , " the documents said . He also was certified by the S.C. Criminal Justice Academy in March 2013 as having "  met and successfully completed the in-service requirements " as a law enforcement officer . Slager completed a separate 10-hour "  active shooter incident response training " course in December 2013 . According to the documents , Slager was involved in a "  nonpreventable " traffic accident last year when a motorist with his car in reverse struck the officer 's patrol car . The driver fled the scene . Since graduating from the police academy in 2010 , a supervisor twice noted in training reports that he "  spoke with  Slager  in reference to certain procedures in reference to conducting motor vehicle stops and citizen contacts . " No other details were provided . Slager signed his oath of office with the police force on March 1 , 2010 , pledging to "  faithfully serve the citizens of this city " and "  never abuse my authority either by words or acts . " "  I will enforce the law courteously and appropriately without fear or favor , malice or ill will , never employing unnecessary force or violence , " the oath said . Who was Walter Scott ? CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	Officer Michael Slager 's mother says she could n't watch the video of the incident Slager was fired earlier this week Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A source close to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi now confirms that Pelosi was told in February 2003 by her intelligence aide , Michael Sheehy , that waterboarding was actually used on CIA detainee Abu Zubaydah . Source says Nancy Pelosi did n't object about waterboard usage because she was n't personally briefed about it . This appears to contradict Pelosi 's account that she was never told waterboarding actually happened , only that the administration was considering using it . Sheehy attended a briefing in which waterboarding was discussed in February 2003 , with Rep. Jane Harman , D-California , who took over Pelosi 's spot as the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee . This source says Pelosi did n't object when she learned that waterboarding was being used because she had not been personally briefed about it -- only her aide had been told . The source said Pelosi supported a letter that Harman sent to the administration at the time raising concerns . The source asked not to be identified because of the sensitive nature of matters discussed in classified intelligence briefings . Pelosi admits attending one briefing in September 2002 , but at a news conference last month , she was adamant that she did not know waterboarding was used . "  At that or any other briefing , and that was the only briefing that I was briefed on in that regard , we were not -- I repeat , we were not -- told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used , " Pelosi said on April 23 . Some Republicans have called for Pelosi to testify at congressional hearings . The number two House Democrat -- Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland -- said Tuesday , "  I think the facts need to get out " regarding what members of Congress had been told about harsh interrogations . But when asked whether Pelosi testifying would be appropriate , Hoyer did not directly answer the question , saying , "  The issue is what was done . If you do n't have the facts pounded on the table , they  Republicans  are pounding on the table , or they are pounding on Speaker Pelosi . Take your pick . But they are doing so as a distraction , as a distraction from what was done in this case . "	Source says Nancy Pelosi was told by intelligence officer of waterboarding The source also said because she was n't personally briefed , Pelosi did n't object She did support letter voicing concern about waterboarding , source says Pelosi has been previously adamant she did n't know waterboarding was used
CNN  -- French photographer Francois Beaurain knew virtually nothing of Monrovia when he followed his girlfriend , a humanitarian worker , to the Liberian capital . "  I was not even able to put Monrovia or Liberia on a map . So , like everybody , I started to Google it , " he confesses . The search results did not paint a pretty picture of the country : images that popped up were mainly of civil war , blood diamonds , and child soldiers . "  It looks like a nightmare , like hell on earth . It 's a very bad marketing job , " says Beaurain . When he arrived , he admits he was "  not scared , but worried , " though he soon found the city was a much friendlier place than Google let on . "  I quickly realized it 's really rather nice , " he says . "  It 's one of the safest countries in Africa . There 's a big discrepancy between what is really the country and its image internationally . " Addressing this disparity , Beaurain launched Monrovia Animated , a series of GIFs that aims to capture the city 's lighter side . Though the settings in some of these looped animations show the scars of Liberia 's civil war  the once five-star Ducor Intercontinental Hotel , which today stands empty , is a regular backdrop  , Beaurain 's films also feature smiling , upbeat locals . "  I do n't always have a plan . A lot of the time , I go around the city and meet people . It 's just about having fun and creating some magic , " he says . Though many of the city 's residents recognize him now , he admits that finding subjects had its challenges in the beginning , particularly because most assumed he was a foreign reporter looking to exploit their image . "  The moment they see you have a camera , they think you 're a journalist and will bring the photo back to America to make money from it , " he says . To put his subjects at ease , Beaurain made a point of returning with the GIF on a smartphone , both to prove that the image would stay in Liberia , and to demonstrate his concept . "  They do n't always understand that day why I want them to run , but if they do n't get it on the spot , they get it a few days later when I come back with the phone . " The digital format also appeals to Beaurain , partly because he finds Africa is underrepresented , both as a theme in digital art , and as a source of it . For Beaurain , an important aspect of the project is showing that Liberia is capable of creating powerful , thought-provoking digital works . Since moving to Monrovia , the local culture has inspired a number of other projects , too , including collages made from Nollywood posters and sculptures made from decommissioned AK-47s from the country 's civil war . Mainly , though , Beaurain wants to update the version of Liberia currently making the rounds on the internet . "  Honestly , the goal of this is that maybe in a few months , or a few years , when people stop to Google Liberia or Monrovia , they will find my GIFs , instead of images of child soldiers , " he says . "  Maybe it 's a little bit ambitious , but that 's the target . "	Photographer creates GIFs of Monrovia , in Liberia French photographer Francis Beaurain moved to Monrovia to live with his girlfriend He found the capital unlike the harsh images represented on Google He celebrates everyday life with his animated GIFs
CNN Student News  -- August 29 , 2014 This Friday , we 're all about explanation . Why is the U.S. deeply concerned about a terrorist group in another hemisphere ? How does the popularity of Russia 's president at home contrast with his popularity abroad ? What 's different about a new ceasefire in the Middle East , and what kind of technology could change the park bench as we know it ? We 've got it all covered today on CNN Student News . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . What kind of natural disaster struck Northern California on Sunday ? 2 . What kind of unmanned , SpaceX vehicle recently exploded over Texas during a test launch ? 3 . A team from what country won this year 's Little League World Series ? 4 . In which borough of New York City would you find Hunts Point ? 5 . What is the capital of India , where some roads , houses and parks have been overrun by monkeys ? 6 . What kind of natural disaster has triggered a state of emergency in parts of Guatemala ? 7 . What is the name of the hurricane that is sending large waves to Southern California ? 8 . To what country is Burger King planning to move its headquarters from the U.S. ? 9 . During what war was the U.S. Medal of Honor established for the Navy and Army ? 10 . What country denies accusations that it has supported rebels in Ukraine with troops and weapons ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
LONDON , England -- Chelsea are waiting on the fitness of John Terry ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League match with Valencia , but Frank Lampard has been ruled out . John Terry tries out his protective mask during training for Chelsea on Tuesday . Center-back Terry suffered a broken cheekbone during Saturday 's 0-0 draw with Fulham , and Chelsea manager Avram Grant will see how he fares during training on Tuesday before making a decision on his availability . Terry trained at Valencia 's Mestalla stadium with a face mask on after surgery on Sunday . "  John Terry wants to play which is very good . Now we need to wait for training and then we will speak with the medical department and decide , " said Grant . Grant has confirmed that Lampard will definitely sit the game out though as the midfielder continues to recover from his thigh injury . Midfielder Michael Essien , who scored a last-minute winner for Chelsea to knock Valencia out of last season 's Champions League , has also been battling a leg injury but he took part in training on Tuesday and is expected to play . E-mail to a friend	Chelsea are still waiting on the fitness of England captain John Terry Terry trained in a face mask ahead of the Champions League tie in Valencia The central defender underwent surgery on a broken cheekbone on Sunday
CNN  -- Is President Barack Obama running against the GOP or the GDP ? In exactly one year -- November 6 , 2012 -- we 'll be lining up at polling places to cast our votes for the next president . How much of that decision will be determined by economic data and poll numbers ? Some of the smartest political pros believe you can gauge a president 's chances of re-election by looking at just a couple of key indicators -- job approval , unemployment and growth in gross domestic product . Plug in the data and you get the election outcome -- pure , unsentimental and simple . To test this theory , I compared Obama 's standing right now with those of recent past presidents one year before the re-election vote . Here 's what I found : There is no reason for overconfidence at Obama election headquarters -- the man is presiding over a historically bad economy . But his popularity numbers could be worse , and a lot can change in a year . The most important factor is the momentum heading into Election Day -- and yes , the opponent matters . For example , at about 1,000 days into their terms , according to Gallup , Presidents Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan had mediocre approval ratings of 49 % -- roughly one year out from their landslide 49-state re-elections in 1972 and 1984 , respectively . Running against George McGovern and Walter Mondale , two weak candidates , certainly helped their efforts . Bill Clinton was also at 49 % approval one year before his 1996 victory over Bob Dole . Obama 's 45 % approval rating this week is a tick up from his third quarter average of 2011 . He 's doing better than the two one-term presidents of the 1970s . Gerald Ford was at 44 % in the wake of Watergate and desperate promises to "  Whip Inflation Now . " Jimmy Carter was mired in the Iran hostage crisis with a rock-bottom job approval rate of 32 % , despite a relatively decent unemployment rate of 5.9 % . So here 's a reality check : Obama has never been anywhere near that low . The biggest cautionary tale comes from the first President George Bush . He was riding high at 62 % one year out from his 1992 loss . But euphoria from victory in the first Gulf War gave way to resentment over a relatively brief recession . Unemployment was about 7 % in 1991 -- two points lower than now . GDP growth in the third quarter of 1991 was 1.7 % , up from negative 1.9 % in the first quarter . The 2.5 % GDP growth in the third quarter of 2011 looks pretty good by comparison . But Clinton was able to campaign successfully against Bush over the recession in 1992 , despite 4 % GDP growth that year . Sometimes the narrative gets so established that it ca n't be dislodged . The closest unemployment rate to today 's 9 % was Reagan 's 8.5 % in 1983 -- but that was down from over 10 percent the previous year . The trend was Reagan 's friend -- GDP growth was rocketing at 8 percent in the third quarter of '83 and continued at that clip into early '84 -- all of which made it feel like "  Morning in America . " So where does Obama stand in this hall of presidents ? His approval rating is in the murky area between the one - and two-termers , but given the historically high unemployment rate , it 's remarkable that his job approval is n't lower . One explanation for this bit of gravity defiance is that Obama 's personal approval rating remains quite high -- nearly 70 % . But that makes him susceptible to the election-year argument that Mitt Romney is starting to make : Nice guy , good family , but it 's time to give someone else a chance to turn the economy around . The economy is finally showing some signs of improving , but it 's not happening fast enough to add meaningfully to consumer confidence . And Europe 's continued economic instability threatens to tank whatever glimmer of a recovery there is . While unemployment will hopefully continue to decline toward 8 % or lower , it 's hard to imagine that we 'll see the kind of GDP growth that boosted Reagan in 1984 or Clinton in 1996 . "  The worst is over " is n't the most inspirational re-election slogan . Likewise , the recent bump in approval ratings President Obama has enjoyed -- from 41 % to 45 % -- is nothing to really cheer about at the White House . It is due to three factors that could fade : the vindication of his intervention in Libya  foreign policy is an unexpected bright spot in this administration  ; the food-fight chaos among the Republican candidates ; and , yes , the modestly positive economic data . There 's an additional headwind that President Obama faces -- 40 % percent of Americans call themselves conservative while just 20 % describe themselves as liberal . The landslides of the past 40 years have come from Republicans -- Nixon and Reagan -- while Bill Clinton was the first Democrat re-elected since FDR and never broke 50 % of the popular vote , in large part because of Ross Perot 's two independent campaigns . It does n't take a crystal ball -- or reams of data -- to say that the 2012 presidential election is going to be close . By any historical measure Barack Obama is a very vulnerable incumbent . Nonetheless , he has withstood tough economic winds without his popularity completely collapsing and he has the comparative benefit of a weak Republican field . But if a week is a long time in politics  just ask Herman Cain  , a year is a lifetime . We are in for a wild election ride , and a long election night one year from today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Can one predict presidential chances by GDP growth , approval , jobs ? He says Nixon , Reagan overcame poor approval ratings Avlon : Clinton hit George H.W. Bush over a small recession Obama faces strong headwinds in a 40 % conservative electorate
CNN  -- At least five people have been killed in the grenade attack on a minibus in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi , the country 's Interior Ministry said Saturday on its official Twitter account . An attacker was among those killed . Other people were injured in the strike , strongly condemned by the ministry . The blast occurred in the predominantly Somali neighborhood of Pangani . The grenade tore through the bus , blew out windows and sent debris flying into the busy street . Security forces were sifting through the wreckage for clues on who might be responsible . The attack is the deadliest in Nairobi since the September siege of an upscale mall by the Somali terror group Al-Shabaab , an affiliate of al Qaeda , where 67 people were killed .	A minibus was attacked The incident occurred in the Pangani neighborhood An attacker was among the five killed
CNN  -- Scientists have discovered the first confirmed Earthlike planet outside our solar system , they announced Wednesday . An artist 's impression shows what the planet may look like in close orbit with its sun . "  This is the first confirmed rocky planet in another system , " astronomer Artie Hatzes told CNN , contrasting the solid planet with gaseous ones like Jupiter and Saturn . But "  Earthlike " is a relative term . The planet 's composition may be similar to that of Earth , but its environment is more like a vision of hell , the project 's lead astronomer said . It is so close to the star it orbits "  that the place may well look like Dante 's Inferno , with a probable temperature on its ` day face ' above 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit  2,000 degrees Celsius  and minus-328 degrees Fahrenheit  minus 200 degrees Celsius  on its night face , " said Didier Queloz of Geneva Observatory in Switzerland , the project leader . Hatzes , explaining that one side of the body is always facing the star and the other side always faces away , said the side "  facing the sun is probably molten . The other side could actually have ice " if there is water on the planet . "  We think it has no atmosphere to redistribute the heat , " Hatzes told CNN from Barcelona , Spain , where he is attending the "  Pathways Towards Habitable Planets " conference . The astronomers were stunned to find a rocky planet so near a star , he said . "  We would have never dreamed you would find a rocky planet so close , " he said . "  Its year is less than one of our days . " The planet , known as CoRoT-7b , was detected early last year , but it took months of observation to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth 's , the European Southern Observatory said in a statement . Astronomers were able to measure the dimensions of the planet by watching as it passed in front of the star it orbits , then carried out 70 hours of study of the planet 's effect on its star to infer its weight . With that information in hand , they were able to calculate its density -- and were thrilled with what they found , Hatzes said . "  What makes this exciting is you compare the density of this planet to the planets in our solar system , it 's only Mercury , Venus and Earth that are similar , " Hatzes , of the Thuringer observatory in Germany , told CNN . They were helped by the fact that CoRoT-7b is relatively close to Earth -- about 500 light years away , in the constellation of Monoceros , the Unicorn . "  It 's in our solar neighborhood , " Hatzes said . "  The thing that made it easier is it 's relatively close , so it 's relatively bright . If this star was much much farther away , we would n't have been able to do these measurements . " At about five times Earth 's mass  though not quite twice as large in circumference  , it is the smallest planet ever spotted outside our solar system . It also has the fastest orbit . The planet whizzes around its star more than seven times faster than Earth moves , and is 23 times closer to the star than Mercury is to our sun . The planet was first detected early in 2008 by the CoRoT satellite , a 30-centimeter space telescope launched by the European Space Agency in December 2006 , specifically with the mission of detecting rocky planets outside the solar system . At least 42 scientists at 17 institutions on three continents worked on the project . They are publishing their findings in a special issue of the Astronomy and Astrophysics journal on October 22 as "  The CoRoT-7 Planetary System : Two Orbiting Super-Earths . "	The planet , known as CoRoT-7b , was detected early last year It took months to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth 's The planet is about five times more massive than Earth Astronomer : It is so close to the star it orbits that it may "  look like Dante 's Inferno "
On March 17 , 2011 a drone attack killed at least 40 members of a Wazir tribal Jirga , which was resolving a land ownership dispute among sub-tribes in Waziristan , a mountainous region in northwest Pakistan , according to local media reports . The reports claimed the Jirga was not the intended target and the predator was chasing a car before finally executing five people without any trial or due process near the Jirga . While this predator was hovering in the area , sophisticated cameras allegedly picked up images of a bigger gathering . Without appearing to have any intelligence or knowledge of its target , it fired four more missiles at the congregation . In the same month , a joint investigation by the London-based Bureau of Investigative Journalism  TBIJ  and the Sunday Times newspaper cited Pakistan 's military commander in Waziristan at the time , Brigadier Abdullah Dogar : "  We in the Pakistan military knew about the meeting , we 'd got the request 10 days earlier . It was held in broad daylight , people were sitting out in Nomada bus depot when the missile strikes came . Maybe there were one or two Taliban at that Jirga -- they have their people attending -- but does that justify a drone strike which kills 42 mostly innocent people ? " Opinion : Drone is Obama 's weapon of choice There should never be doubts . A big gathering in Waziristan does not mean they must be Taliban . To put it in perspective : My clients say drone attacks are now happening almost twice a week on Pakistani soil . Karim Khan , a tribal man by origin and a journalist by profession , is suing the Central Intelligence Agency  CIA  for U.S. $ 500 million for "  his loss of blood . " He had only two options when his innocent 18-year-old son and brother , a primary school teacher , were killed in one such drone attack on December 31 , 2009 : to join the Taliban 's war against the U.S. and take his revenge in a customary tribal way , or call on due process , the rule of law and judicial system of his state to gain justice for the wrong done to him . The first option would have continued the cycle of terror , which we witness in Pakistan in the shape of suicide attacks after almost every drone attack . Khan chose the latter and following him , dozens more families have come forth to seek justice through proper legal means . It is time now for the U.S. to respond to these grievances through legal means . Read : When are drone killings illegal ? A similar fate awaited Fahim Qureshi , a teenager and another client from North Waziristan . U.S. President Barack Obama , the embodiment of "  change " and "  hope , " approved an escalation of the drone strikes in Pakistan by giving the CIA and U.S. military control of the program . Fahim 's family house was destroyed by one such attack . The attack on January 23 , 2009 resulted in the deaths of seven people present in the house , including three of Fahim 's uncles , a cousin , and three family friends . Fahim was seriously injured and lost one eye . According to the New York Times , President Obama was later informed of this attack and civilian killings . The change he brought in was a record escalation of drone strikes in 2009 , culminating in 344 attacks at the expense of 3,325 lives to date , according to TBIJ . The escalation would also change Fahim 's life forever . The U.S. might never be able to win the "  heart and mind " of this teenager from Pakistan 's tribal area , who paid a high prize for faulty intelligence , a common mistake that CIA makes without any accountability . Under the authority of the U.S. President , drone attacks on Pakistani territory have been carried out by the CIA and U.S. military since 2004 . This is an unprecedented move : a foreign government carrying out military strikes on an independent and sovereign state without declaring war . Earlier this year , Christof Heyns , the United Nations ' Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial killings , warned that Washington was challenging a system of international law that had existed since the end of World War II and that it could even be guilty of war crimes . The government of Pakistan has consistently maintained that drone attacks are a violation of its territorial integrity and sovereignty . Read : Drones decimating Taliban in Pakistan What astounds me is the belief expressed by some scholars and politicians that drones are the only viable option for combating terrorism or militancy in the tribal areas of Pakistan . Experience and statistics tell a different story . The first drone attack was carried out in 2004 and had a specific target . This was true for all nine drone attacks that took place until 2007 . However , identifying targets became shady as the number of strikes increased . After President Obama 's oath of office , the drone attacks saw a sudden surge , accelerating from an average of one strike every 40 days to one every four days by mid-2011 , according to the New America Foundation . The TBIJ said available data showed from June 2004 to September 2012 , drone strikes have killed 2,570 to 3,337 people in Pakistan , of whom 474 to 884 were civilians -- including 176 children . As a result of these attacks , the U.S. has only been able to achieve 41 high value targets , according to estimates by the New American Foundation . We have seen that with every assassination of militant leaders , they have been replaced with a more ferocious and extremist leader . Meanwhile , journalist Scott Shane told PBS in a response to an article he 'd written in the New York Times , "  there 's also been some dispute over the way civilian casualties are counted . The CIA often counts able-bodied males , military-age males who are killed in strikes as militants , unless they have concrete evidence to sort of prove them innocent , and some folks at the State Department and elsewhere have questioned that kind of a process . " As a result , most adult males living in Waziristan seem to be viewed as militants and targets until the CIA rates them to be innocent , he added . Pakistan has also experienced a spike in suicide attacks when there has been a surge in drone attacks . In 2010 , the year that saw the highest number of drone strikes , according to TBIJ , Pakistan government figures suggest the country witnessed its highest number of suicide attacks -- more than 2,100 civilians were killed without distinction between women , children , law enforcement or military . According to the Pakistan government , the total financial loss from terrorism in Pakistan between 2001-2010 was $ 68 billion , whereas the epicenter of all this chaos in our midst , the U.S. , has given only $ 11 billion in military aid to Pakistan for its war on terror since 2001 , according to the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard University . A large portion of this damage is attributed to suicide attacks . America 's own losses in Afghanistan -- financial , human , and tactical -- are difficult to quantify . According to the U.S. Government Accountability Office  GAO  , more than $ 6 billion has been spent since 2002 on establishing a viable Afghan National Police force , which the late Richard Holbrooke called "  an inadequate force riddled with corruption , " during a meeting in Brussels in 2009 . The GAO says more than $ 10 billion of American taxpayers ' money has been spent on building up the Afghan National Army , which was described in a report in the Wall Street Journal on July 28 , 2010 as largely corrupt , poorly led , and subject to claims of drug use . The joint NATO and Afghan Operation Moshtrak in Afghanistan 's Helmand province in February 2010 failed miserably in achieving its aimed objectives of evicting the Taliban and establishing a government in the district , despite the enormous budget and military backing of the Americans . Earlier this year , U.S. Senator John Kerry concluded that the operation did not become the turning point in the Afghan campaign as anticipated by NATO commanders . In fact 2011-2012 witnessed a surge in Taliban attacks on NATO and particularly American targets , showing there is no end to this war . This cycle of terror will continue until both sides start seeing sense and start adhering to the principles of due process , fair play , and rule of law . Through legal action , Karim Khan -- the first of 80 clients who came to us seeking justice for these attacks -- has shown a new path to his people to end the violence , which is largely attributed to mistakes committed by the state in the 1980s , along with the very same partner who is asking us to commit yet another folly . The American public should ask their government who is being killed in their name . Questioning the drone program in light of real facts is not anti-American -- violating the rule of law , due process and the "  right to life " is . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Drone attacks happening almost twice a week on Pakistani soil , lawyer 's clients say Drone missions have escalated under President Barack Obama Attacks on Pakistani territory have been carried out by CIA , U.S. military since 2004 Akbar : New extremists emerge to replace those killed in drone attacks
CNN  -- Born a man , Fallon Fox became a woman through surgery and then trained to fight in mixed martial arts . Now that she has won her first two MMA bouts -- both in the first round -- she has gone public as a transgender fighter , the first on record in a popular sport that some consider as the successor to boxing . "  The reaction has been positive , " said Fox , 37 , who revealed her story recently to Sports Illustrated after a journalist with another publication began to investigate her private surgery . "  It 's just some people , some of society does n't get it yet . And this is what we 're trying to do now is to inform people and let them know about transgender athletes . " When asked if it 's fair for a man-turned-woman fighter to face another woman in the ring , Fox said Saturday there were "  no unfair competitive advantages . " What was unfair , her last opponent and her manager say , is how Fox did n't disclose until after the fight that Fox had a sex change operation . That opponent , Ericka Newsome , was knocked out this month with "  a tie clinch , " or a knee to the chin , 39 seconds into the fight without anyone knowing of Fox 's background . It was "  unfair I did n't know it , but it did n't matter that she fought me , " Newsome told CNN . "  I feel that it should have been disclosed to me ahead of time ... so we are aware and able to be better prepared for the situation . " She and her manager are going to appeal the loss in Florida on the grounds of how Fox failed to disclose being a transgender person and how the referee stopped the fight too early . "  They should have let the fight go , " manager Matt Hamilton said . "  She should have thrown at least one to two more shots to confirm it . On that particular basis , that 's one of the things we 'll appeal with , as well as not having it disclosed . " Meanwhile , the California State Athletic Commission is reviewing a claim by Fox that the state gave her a fighting license in 2013 when in fact the commission says her license application is still being reviewed , Sports Illustrated reported . Transgender fighter looking to get licensed Fox subsequently told Florida authorities that she had a California license , and now the Florida boxing commission is also reviewing Fox 's license application , the magazine reported . Also , Fox admitted she did n't disclose to boxing authorities she is a transgender person but added she was n't asked to either , the magazine said . Sports Illustrated writer Loretta Hunt wrote of Fox 's 2006 gender reassignment surgery and winning her pro debut in May 2012 . Hunt told CNN that guidelines for the Association of Boxing Commissions are similar to the International Olympic Committee 's policy that allows transsexuals to compete in Olympic games . The IOC requires transgender athletes to undergo hormone therapy long enough to remove gender-related advantages . In fact , Hunt said , mixed martial arts guidelines do n't require a sex-change surgery , but they do require two years of hormone therapy for transgender fighters . "  Whether it comes after the surgery or it 's just on its own , that must be done and you must be tested throughout the two years , " Hunt said . "  Those papers must be submitted to the athletic commission for review . " Newsome wants to fight Fox again , Hamilton said . "  We would love a rematch , " Hamilton said . Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Fallon Fox became a woman through surgery in 2006 She won her first two fights in the first round She revealed her operation to SI after another publication looked into her surgery Her last opponent is appealing the loss , saying Fox failed to disclose background
