Canada 's Alice Munro -- called the "  master of the contemporary short story " -- won the 2013 Nobel Prize in literature , the Swedish Royal Academy of Sciences announced Thursday . The prize committee compared the 82-year-old author to Anton Chekhov , the 19th century Russian who is considered one of the greatest short story writers in history . She 's the first Canadian-based writer to win the literature award . Saul Bellow , who won it in 1976 , was born in Quebec but moved to the United States as a child and is regarded as a U.S. author . Munro is the 13th woman to receive the literature prize . "  On behalf of all Canadians , " Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in a tweet , "  congratulations to Alice Munro . " After the prestigious award was announced , the Nobel committee said on Twitter that it had n't been able to contact Munro and left a phone message to tell her the good news . But The Canadian Press contacted her , and she was quoted as saying the award was "  quite wonderful " and she was "  terribly surprised . " "  I knew I was in the running , yes , but I never thought I would win , " she said , according to a Toronto Star story quoting The Canadian Press . Doug Gibson , Munro 's publisher , spoke to CNN affiliate CTV and read a statement on the author 's behalf . "  I am amazed and very grateful . I am particularly glad that winning this award will please so many Canadians . I 'm happy that this will bring more attention to Canadian writing , " she said , according to Gibson . Nobel Prize in chemistry awarded for work that led to complex computing ` Our Chekhov ' Munro 's work long has been likened to Chekhov 's . Another acclaimed author , American Cynthia Ozick , has referred to Munro as "  our Chekhov . " The Nobel committee noted that "  some critics consider Munro a Canadian Chekhov . " "  Munro is acclaimed for her finely tuned storytelling , which is characterized by clarity and psychological realism , " the committee said . "  Her stories are often set in small town environments , where the struggle for a socially acceptable existence often results in strained relationships and moral conflicts -- problems that stem from generational differences and colliding life ambitions . "  Her texts often feature depictions of everyday but decisive events , epiphanies of a kind , that illuminate the surrounding story and let existential questions appear in a flash of lightning , " the committee said . The author has won many honors over the years , including the 2009 Man Booker International Prize . "  Alice Munro is mostly known as a short story writer and yet she brings as much depth , wisdom and precision to every story as most novelists bring to a lifetime of novels . To read Alice Munro is to learn something every time that you never thought of before , " the Man Booker judging panel said at the time . Lives near her childhood home Munro , who lives in the southwestern Ontario town of Clinton , was born near there in Wingham , where her father was a fox farmer and her mother was a teacher . She started writing stories in her teen years and studied journalism and English at the University of Western Ontario . Munro took a breather from her studies when she got married in 1951 . She and her husband moved to Victoria , British Columbia , and opened a bookstore . She published in various magazines starting in the 1950s . In 1968 , she published "  Dance of the Happy Shades , " a book-length collection of short stories . "  In 1971 she published a collection of stories entitled Lives of Girls and Women , which critics have described as a Bildungsroman , " or a coming-of-age work , the Royal Academy of Sciences said . Other well-known works include : "  Who Do You Think You Are ? "  1978  , "  The Moons of Jupiter "  1982  , "  Runaway "  2004  , "  The View from Castle Rock "  2006  and "  Too Much Happiness "  2009  . A story in the 2001 collection "  Hateship , Friendship , Courtship , Loveship , Marriage " was the basis of the 2006 film "  Away from Her , " directed by Sarah Polley . Munro gained world renown for writing about everyday people . "  Here we have a world prize being won by someone who writes about housewives in Vancouver , booksellers in Victoria , bean farmers in Huron County and accountants and teachers and librarians -- ordinary Canadian people , and she turns it into magic , " Gibson said . ` God particle ' theorists receive Nobel Prize in physics ` Dear Life ' Munro 's most recent short story collection is titled "  Dear Life . " The New Yorker magazine , in an interview with her last year , said it includes "  several narratives in which women in some way shake off the weight of their upbringing and do something unconventional . " She was asked whether it was "  normal for girls from rural Ontario to go to university " when she did , noting that in her stories , there "  is often a stigma attached to any girl who attracts attention to herself . ... " "  I was brought up to believe that the worst thing you could do was ` call attention to yourself ' or ` think you were smart . ' My mother was an exception to this rule and was punished by the early onset of Parkinson 's disease .  The rule was for country people , like us , not so much for towners .  I tried to lead an acceptable life and a private life and got by most of the time OK , " she said . Munro was asked how she came to focus on short stories . "  For years and years I thought that stories were just practice , till I got time to write a novel . Then I found that they were all I could do , and so I faced that . I suppose that my trying to get so much into stories has been a compensation , " she said . Munro has said in the past that she wanted to stop writing but continued . "  I do stop -- for some strange notion of being ` more normal , ' taking things easy . Then some poking idea comes , " she said . "  This time , I think it 's for real . " Last year 's literature prize Last year , Chinese writer Mo Yan received Nobel Prize in literature . Activists interpreted it as a nod to the hungry literary tastes in modern China , which could help spark more freedom . The beloved Chinese author -- whose pen name means "  not talking " -- has captivated his countrymen by intertwining fantasy and gritty everyday life . Mo plies his trade in a country where running afoul of party lines could lead to censorship . His work packs a punch , but he walks a fine line . He is considered a writer within the system and even has embraced official restrictions on writing . And he 's a Communist Party member who holds a vice-chairman spot in the state-sanctioned China Writers Association . Prize history The Nobel Prize in literature has been awarded 106 times since 1901 . In recent years , Munro has been mentioned as a contender , along with Japanese author Haruki Murakami and U.S. writer Philip Roth . It is almost always awarded to one author and has only been shared four times , which stands in stark contrast to the science Nobels , which two or three scientists often share . The youngest recipient was Rudyard Kipling , who is known for his work "  The Jungle Book . " He was 42 when he received the prize in 1907 . The oldest was Doris Lessing , who received it at the age of 88 . Incidentally , many think Winston Churchill received the Nobel Peace Prize , but he did not . He was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature in 1953 . Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel created the prizes in 1895 to honor work in physics , chemistry , literature and peace . The first economics prize was awarded in 1969 . Nobel medical prize goes to 2 Americans , 1 German Nobels this week Two Americans and a German shared this year 's Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine Monday . Americans James E. Rothman and Randy W. Schekman , and German Thomas C. Sudhof were honored for discoveries of how the body 's cells decide when and where to deliver the molecules they produce . And on Tuesday , two men who predicted the existence of the Higgs boson particle 50 years before its discovery took the prize for physics -- Francois Englert of Belgium and Peter Higgs of the United Kingdom . Higgs and Englert 's theories of the elusive particle explained what gives matter its mass and played a key role in completing scientists ' understanding of the nature of all matter . On Wednesday , the Nobel Prize in chemistry rewarded three scientists for work leading to the computer programs used today to precisely calculate how very complex molecules and huge chemical reactions work . The Nobel Peace Prize will be announced Friday , followed by the final prize , the award for achievements in economics , on Monday .	She writes about "  ordinary Canadian people " and "  turns it into magic , " publisher says Canada 's prime minister congratulates Munro A story from one of her collections is the basis of a film Munro , who lives in southwestern Ontario , is compared to Anton Chekhov
CNN  -- The death toll from Pakistan 's massive flooding has climbed to 1,639 , but the number could rise substantially as flood waters recede and more bodies surface , government officials say . More than 17 million Pakistanis -- about the population of the Netherlands -- have been affected by the monsoon floods that began a month ago . In the past few days , at least 1 million people have been displaced in Pakistan 's Sindh province , the United Nations said . Authorities issued evacuation orders after a levee burst . Want to help Pakistan ? Impact Your World suggests how Homeless families stomped through filthy waters as clean water remains a scarce commodity . Hundreds of thousands of victims have acquired transmittable ailments such as acute watery diarrhea , scabies and respiratory infections . The United Nations says more than $ 1 billion has been given or pledged . On Saturday , the United States announced the deployment of 18 additional helicopters to assist with relief efforts , according to the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad , Pakistan . About 15 other U.S. helicopters and three other aircraft have transported 2 million pounds of supplies , the embassy said . But the need for help is greatly outpacing the supply . "  The magnitude of this crisis is reaching levels that are even beyond our initial fears , which were already leaning toward what we thought would be the worst , " Maurizio Giuliano , a spokesman for the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , said Friday . "  The number of those affected and those in need of assistance from us are bound to keep rising . The floods seem determined to outrun our response . " The U.N. also said Friday that it is increasingly concerned about flood-driven malnutrition among children . "  The flooding has surrounded millions of children with contaminated water , " said Karen Allen , deputy representative of the United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  in Pakistan . "  Most have nothing else to drink . We fear the deadly synergy of waterborne diseases , including diarrhea , dehydration and malnutrition . " Acute malnutrition was high in much of Pakistan even before the floods . For instance , 27 percent of children under 5 in Baluchistan province were malnourished , as were 17 percent of children in Punjab , according to the U.N. . A hospital in Sindh is overrun with people suffering from waterborne illness ; two children share each bed and more are on the floor . A doctor at the hospital said there are "  not enough resources because of huge population ... coming to this hospital . " Remat Chacher , a farmer in Sindh , escaped the flood waters with his wife and two children earlier this month . But then his 3-month-old daughter Benazir got sick . "  She started to get fever and could n't keep anything down ... lots of belly pain , " said Ulla , the infant 's mom . A few days later , the same symptoms struck the Chachers ' son , 2-year-old Wazira . Both children died on the way to the hospital , with Wazira weighing just 8 pounds and Benazir weighing 2 pounds . At least 200 health facilities across the country have been damaged or destroyed , according to the World Health Organization . Flood waters have started to recede across Pakistan , but in the Indus River delta , the potential for more flooding remained high . It is unclear when displaced Pakistanis will be able to return to their homes . But many will have no house to return to . About 1.2 million homes have been destroyed from the flooding . CNN 's Sanjay Gupta , Reza Sayah , Samson Desta , Sara Sidner , Moni Basu and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	More than 1,600 die from Pakistan flooding 1.2 million homes are destroyed UN spokesman : "  The floods seem determined to outrun our response "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The A&E network quickly backed away from an earlier assurance that Michael Jackson 's three children "  are not part of " a reality show it is taping with four of the pop star 's brothers . Before their father 's death , Michael Jackson 's children , Paris , Prince and "  Blanket " were not often seen in public . The network said late Wednesday it was "  entirely possible " that "  other members of the Jackson family " could appear on the show , but it is too soon to know . US Weekly magazine quoted an unidentified source as saying that despite a sharp division in the Jackson family over the matter , Prince , 12 , Paris , 11 , and Blanket , 7 , would be included in the show . "  The Jacksons : A Family Dynasty , " which focuses on the lives of four of the Jackson brothers -- Jackie , Jermaine , Tito and Marlon -- was in the works before the singer 's June 25 death . "  Filming is taking place right now , " A&E said in the late Wednesday statement . "  As production moves forward , it is entirely possible that the brothers ' paths will intersect with other members of the Jackson family , who may or may not be included in the finished series . However , we can not at this point definitively know who else may make an appearance in the series . " Earlier Wednesday , however , the network had seemed to rule out their appearance , saying , "  They are not part of the series . " Jackson went to great lengths for years to keep his children out of the public eye , including covering their faces with masks and scarves . It was only at the public memorial service for Jackson that the world got a close look at them -- and began learning about their personalities . The magazine 's source is quoted as saying that the oldest Jackson sister , Rebbie , "  feels Michael would spin in his grave if he knew his kids would be on this show . " The public relations firm hired by the Jackson family soon after Michael Jackson 's death issued a short statement Wednesday morning that did not dispute the US Weekly report . "  We are not going to comment , " the statement said . The decision would be left to Katherine Jackson , Michael 's mother , according to the lawyer appointed in August to represent the children in the probate of their father 's will . Katherine Jackson was given guardianship over the children by a Los Angeles judge . The reality show is tentatively set to begin airing in December . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	A&E to broadcast reality show featuring some of Michael Jackson 's family US Weekly magazine says Jackson 's children 's will be part of the show Network first says children wo n't be in show , then says they may Jackson , who died June 25 , generally kept children from public view
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai yellow shirt protesters on Friday demanded the prime minister 's resignation over what they say is his failure to protect the interests of the nation . Hundreds chanted "  get out , get out Abhisit " as they marched toward the statue of the late King Rama V in Bangkok . The king is a legendary figure in the history of the nation 's monarchy . About 1,000 protesters took part , said Prawut Thavornsiri , a police spokesman . "  It was generally peaceful and the march ended quickly , " he said . The nationalist yellow shirts have been demonstrating at major streets in the capital for more than two weeks . They have criticized the handling of the long-running border dispute with Cambodia that has led to deadly clashes recently . Protesters have vowed to retake Thai 's land , which they say is lost to Cambodia . Are you there ? Share your story and images with CNN iReport . Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva once enjoyed support from the yellow shirts , but the relations turned soar after the demands of the nationalist group were not met . The yellow shirts are part of color-coded political divisions that also includes the red shirts . The latter are made up of the country 's rural and urban poor , while the yellow shirts are largely middle - and upper-class urbanites . Meanwhile , the border situation between Thailand and Cambodia remains calm , an army spokesman said . If no fighting erupts Friday , displaced Thais should be able to return home , said Col. Shinagard Rattanikitti .	Hundreds chant "  get out , get out Abhisit " Yellow shirts have been demonstrating at major streets and monuments They have criticized the handling of a border dispute with Cambodia
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Rival dissident army officers are claiming to lead the increasingly armed rebellion within Syria , exposing rifts within the opposition . In an interview by telephone with CNN , Maj. Mahar Naimi introduced himself as a spokesman for the "  Higher Military Council , " a newly formed organization that now claimed to lead armed defectors within Syria . "  This council represents the people fighting in Syria , " Naimi said . He added that the council was led by Gen. Mustafa Sheikh , an officer who defected from the Syrian military . But Naimi 's claim was quickly rejected by another defecting officer , Col. Riad al Assad , who spent much of the last year claiming to lead a "  Free Syrian Army " of rebel soldiers from a refugee camp on the Turkish border with Syria . "  This man represents himself , " Assad said in reference to Sheikh . "  He has nothing to do with the Free Syrian Army ... those people are representing themselves and do not represent the revolution and the Free Syrian Army . They do n't represent anybody . " Assad spoke to CNN by telephone from the Turkish border region . "  This is a conflict for leadership , which happens in all organizations and political parties , " explained a Turkish diplomat , who spoke to CNN following diplomatic protocol on condition of anonymity . World seeks next step as deaths mount The diplomat confirmed that more than a month ago , Sheikh had come to the same refugee camp in Turkey that housed Assad . The diplomat added that the general had tried to assume command over the colonel . It is not clear how much command and control any of the exiled officers have over defecting troops and other armed opposition groups inside Syria . But another former army officer based in Istanbul told CNN neither the Higher Military Council nor Assad 's Free Syrian Army represented a rebel faction currently battling government forces in the besieged city of Homs . Ancient city in the cross hairs "  We are not working under the control of the Free Syrian Army or the Higher Military Council , we are independent , " said Lt. Bassim Khaled , who claimed to represent the rebel "  Al Faroukh Battalion " in Homs from his places of refuge in Istanbul . During the more than 10 months since the uprising began in Syria , competing civilian exiles have also claimed leadership of the revolution . Some Western diplomats working closely with opposition groups have privately expressed frustration with dissidents ' lack of unity , even as the death toll continues to rise within Syria . The human toll of unrest in Syria "  A natural reaction for people who have been brutalized for so long is depression and grandiosity , " said Andrew Tabler , author of "  In the Lion 's Den " and a Syria specialist with the Washington Institute of Near East Policy . "  It is also confounded by the fact that Syria is made up of various sects and ethnicities . " Bassem Imadi , a former Syrian ambassador who now works out of the Istanbul offices of the opposition Syrian National Council , argued that after decades of dictatorship , party politics were still a new concept for many of his countrymen . "  Look at it like -LSB- political -RSB- parties being formed for the first time right now , " he said . "  One day they will come together . "	Various officers say they are the lead opposition "  Higher Military Council , " "  Free Syrian Army " are two of the rebel groups A third says it represents rebels battling government forces in the besieged city of Homs
CNN  -- Tennis bosses have told the sport 's stars that a boycott of the 2013 Australian Open over prize money would not be backed . Players have voiced concerns over the disparity between the money earned by stars who reach the latter stages of grand slams and those who exit in the early rounds . British newspaper the Sunday Times reported that they were planning to start a rebel event , possibly in Dubai , if pay is not increased for the Melbourne tournament in January . But the ATP , which represents the interests of male players , has denied it would help players in organize any such action . "  The ATP has been clear and repetitive in telling players that it will not organize a boycott , " it said in a statement . "  Instead , ATP Management and players have taken a diplomatic approach this year with the grand slams to address player compensation issues . "  The grand slams are important events that generate significant revenues , and the players who perform there should share in an acceptable percentage of those revenues like they do on the ATP World Tour . " How ` Big Four ' earned a pay rise for tennis colleagues The Australian Open , held in Melbourne every January , is one of four grand slams in tennis -- along with the French and U.S. Opens and Wimbledon . In 2012 , first-round losers at the year 's first major tournament were given $ 21,600 , compared to $ 22,500 in France and $ 23,000 in the U.S. and Britain -- the latter three having increased by 20 % . The biggest disparity is in Australia , which has the highest prize purse and biggest winner 's check of almost $ 2.4 million . "  We are pleased that the discussions initiated by the ATP with each of the grand slams this year have resulted in certain prize money increases for players in 2012 , " the men 's ruling body said . "  We remain focused on our active dialogue with these events about player compensation for 2013 and beyond . The players remain unified and passionate about this issue . " Australian Open boss Craig Tiley , in New York for the U.S. Open which began on Monday , attempted to quell boycott fears . "  We are the first to say that for tennis to be a viable career , the top 250 players need to make a good living , " he told Australian news agency AAP . "  The top 250 players in tennis make about a quarter of the amount of money in tennis as they do in golf . So that could be a good benchmark for us . And the PGA Tour 's prize money has increased more than the ATP Tour 's has , so we have to address that too . "  Our relationship with the playing group is very , very strong . It 's in everyone 's interests  not to strike  . We 're very confident that whatever needs to be resolved will be . "	ATP rule out backing a tennis players boycott of the 2013 Australian Open Players angered by disparity in prize money between top stars and first round losers The Australian Open has the highest prize fund of any of the four grand slams A player who loses in the first round of the tournament receives $ 21,600
CNN  -- Get ready for bone-chilling cold you probably have n't endured in years . A deep freeze is spreading across much of the United States this weekend , making the nor'easter that just blanketed about 20 states with snow look like a mere curtain raiser . 8 tips to ease winter travel woes Sunday temperatures are expected to hit 30 degrees below zero in North Dakota and other sections of the Plains and Midwest ; the wind chill will make it feel like minus 50 , the National Weather Service said . By Wednesday , nearly half the nation -- 140 million people -- will shiver in temperatures of zero or lower . The arctic blast threatens to sweep subzero lows as far south as Alabama and plunge much of the Deep South into the single digits . Winter weather in the past week has claimed at least 13 lives , CNN has confirmed . Eleven people died in road accidents -- including one man crushed as he was moving street salt with a forklift . A man in Wisconsin died of hypothermia . And in Byron , New York , a 71-year-old woman with Alzheimer 's disease wandered away from her home Thursday night and was found dead in the snow in a wooded area about 100 yards away . in Chicago , a plane headed to Las Vegas slid off the taxiway at O'Hare International Airport on Saturday night . None of the customers on Spirit Flight 245 were injured , said Misty Pinson , director of corporate communications for Spirit . Opening act The cold blast burst onto the stage in the Northern Plains States early Saturday , hurling North Dakota into below-zero territory . Minnesota has already closed schools on Monday . "  I have made this decision to protect all our children from the dangerously cold temperatures , " Gov. Mark Dayton said . People in the town of town of Embarrass , Minnesota , say they may break their cold temperature record of 64 below , set in 1996 . "  I 've got a thermometer from the weather service that goes to 100 below , " resident Richard Fowlei told CNN affiliate KQDS . "  If it gets that cold I do n't want to be here . " Chicago native Leo Londono , 30 , said this is the harshest winter he 's experienced in the city . From his apartment , he can see large chunks of ice floating on Lake Michigan . "  It 's so cold you do n't want to step outside , " he said . "  There 's wind chill . And then this huge Arctic air blast is supposed to come through and I do n't want to even leave my home . " The low temperatures and wind chill are a recipe for rapid frostbite or hypothermia . A 66-year-old man died of hypothermia in Milwaukee on Friday , the medical examiner 's office said . The weather service 's Twin Cities , Minnesota , office warns , "  Exposed flesh can freeze in as little as five minutes with wind chills colder than 50 below . " This system will produce "  the coldest air in two decades , " the service said . The danger of injury and death from the cold will spread with the cold front into the Midwest by Monday night . Power outages were not as widespread despite blizzard-level winds in some places when the nor'easter passed through in the last few days . Indiana Gov. Mike Pence encouraged residents to do more than check on friends and relatives . "  In preparation for the inclement weather , I encourage Hoosiers to assemble an emergency preparedness kit with plenty of non-perishable food and water , fill any necessary prescriptions , ensure they have a safe heating source , avoid unnecessary travel and be careful if they must be outside . " he said . Upper Midwest Sunday night in Chicago will see a shivering 16 to 20 below zero and -- once you factor in the Windy City 's stiff breeze -- a chill of 35 below to 45 below zero . Lambeau Field in Green Bay , Wisconsin , is unfortunately not a domed stadium . Fans and players there will be outdoors and brave temperatures approaching minus 20 as the Packers battle the San Francisco 49ers for a chance to advance to the Super Bowl . Some sportswriters speculated that it may go down in the record books as the coldest football game ever played . The Packers organization and a stadium vending company will serve free hot chocolate and coffee to help fans withstand the deep freeze . As Packers head coach Mike McCarthy said Friday : "  This is not the norm . " That 's is not the only game where fans will brave the freeze . On Saturday in Philadelphia , the hometown Eagles hosted the New Orleans Saints in a playoff game . Temperatures were in the mid-20s at kickoff . Marching on As the arctic cold conquers about half of the continental United States , temperatures are forecast to dip into the minus teens through the lower Midwest . Snow will cover swaths from the Plains to the Ohio and Mississippi River Valleys , all the way to New England . Parts of the Midwest could see temperatures not recorded in 15 to 20 years -- for a painful couple of days . Even areas as far south as Nashville could be frozen solid in zero-degree cold as the arctic air mass dives southward at the beginning of next week . Flight madness Thousands were stuck at airports nationwide Friday because of systemwide delays -- though at least they are not out in the frigid cold . Lesley Ryland tried to get home to England after attending her son 's wedding in Kentucky . "  I was supposed to fly from Kentucky/Louisville up to New York , but flights have been canceled at New York , so instead I 've come here , " Ryland told CBS Atlanta , a CNN affiliate . "  Hopefully tonight , I 'll get a transfer from here back over to London . " FlightAware.com , which tracks cancellations due to weather and mechanical problems , said about 3,200 flights were canceled Friday within , into or out of the United States . Expect more of the same in the coming days . At 10 p.m. Saturday , 1,391 flights had been canceled . About 760 Sunday flights have already been called off . Though the temperature in Las Vegas was 52 degrees -- above zero -- passengers there were also feeling the winter 's sting Friday . Long lines formed inside McCarran International Airport at the counters for Southwest Airlines , which had canceled many of its flights to and from Chicago . The airline carries 40 % of Las Vegas ' passengers , according to Chris Hayes , an airport spokesman . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	NEW : Plane slides off taxiway in Chicago ; nobody hurt Weather blamed for at least 13 deaths Nights in Plains states could get to 30 below zero Wind chills will drop to minus 50 in some places ; frostbite can strike quickly
Washington  CNN  -- In the Army you live by the Warrior Ethos , which states , "  I will always place the mission first . I will never quit . I will never accept defeat . I will never leave a fallen comrade behind . " I am alive today because my helicopter crew lived by these words . When our aircraft was shot down in November 2004 , the injuries I sustained were devastating . The amount of blood I had lost in a matter of minutes was so vast that my crew thought I was dead . They could have left me in that dusty field in Iraq , but they did n't . Instead , they stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy , risked their lives , and carried me to safety . They did this regardless of whether I was dead or alive , because the American warrior does not leave a fallen comrade behind . My crew and all the men and women in the U.S. armed forces know what it means to be a part of something greater than themselves . They are America 's finest sons and daughters , and we made a promise to care for them after they serve . It is our job in the Department of Veterans Affairs to make sure that promise is kept . We at VA stand at a historic time with great opportunities to further our mission in caring for the nation 's 23.4 million veterans and their families . With the largest one-year percentage increase in VA 's budget in over three decades , President Obama has made it very clear that serving our nation 's veterans is a top priority in his administration . He wants to increase funding for VA by $ 25 billion above our current baseline over the next five years . He launched a new initiative to expand eligibility for veterans ' health care to as many as 500,000 Priority Group 8 Veterans who were previously denied care . And he wants us to invest in better technology to deliver services and benefits to veterans with the quality and efficiency they deserve . As commander in chief , President Obama has charged Secretary Eric Shinseki and all of VA 's leadership with a new mission : to transform VA into a 21st-century organization . Secretary Shinseki has begun to do just that by making VA a more veteran-centered , results-oriented and forward-looking department . It will be a different organization from the one that exists today . It will be accessible , responsive and transparent . To achieve the president 's vision , we must leverage new technologies to serve the various demographics and needs of today 's veterans , while also renewing our commitment to the older generation of veterans . These technologies will carry us well into the 21st century as we maintain our mission to serve our nation 's veterans for the rest of their lives . Tonight , 131,000 veterans will sleep on the streets of our cities . These are the same men and women who allowed us to have the opportunities to go to school , get a job and buy a home . We are all dishonored anytime a veteran is forced to sleep on the streets , and President Obama , Secretary Shinseki and the VA leadership team will not stand for this . Within the next five years , we aim to eliminate veteran homelessness by providing grants to community-based organizations assisting homeless veterans and by attacking all the areas that often lead to homelessness . Our veterans deserve better , and we are determined to provide them the best care and most timely benefits possible to end homelessness in their ranks . We will improve medical care to minority veterans , including female veterans , who are enrolling in VA at historic rates . We will also improve access to VA for veterans who live in rural areas . All our veterans deserve the best care possible regardless of race , gender or where they live . And we are working with the Department of Defense to build a fully interoperable electronic records system that will provide each member of our military with a Virtual Lifetime Electronic Record . For VA , this will revolutionize our claims process by making it faster with higher-quality decisions and with fewer errors . Five years from now , we intend to make VA the provider of choice for veterans -- in insurance , health care , education , home loans and counseling . We are going to be the advocate for veterans , their dependents and survivors to make sure we meet their needs , hear their concerns , and take proper action . We know that we have a big task ahead of us . But there is not a population more deserving of the absolute best than the men and women who have sacrificed so much for our freedoms . In the same way that my crew refused to leave me behind , each and every one of us at VA will fight everyday for our nation 's military heroes to ensure that they are never left behind . It is our turn to serve America 's warriors , and we at VA consider it a privilege .	American warrior does n't leave a fallen comrade behind , VA official says L. Tammy Duckworth : VA funding increase will improve care and benefits Goal is to have zero veterans homeless in five years , Duckworth says Duckworth : Electronic records system will speed claims and reduce errors
Madison , Wisconsin  CNN  -- In the canon of political cliches , "  it all comes down to turnout " is among the most tired . But in the case of the polarizing and closely watched Wisconsin recall election , the maxim happens to ring true . Public polling , internal polling and campaign strategists all tell the same story : Republican Gov. Scott Walker is clinging to a tiny lead over his Democratic opponent , Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett , heading into Tuesday 's vote . And the number of undecided voters has dwindled to almost zero , strategists in both parties say , meaning that the only mission left for both sides is to get their rabid supporters to the polls . "  Our sole focus right now is on our grassroots get-out-the-vote-effort , " said Ben Sparks , a spokesman for the Wisconsin Republican Party . The final blitz began over the weekend . "  We Are Wisconsin , " an umbrella group funded by labor unions and the Democratic Governors Association , said it contacted nearly 750,000 voters over the weekend , with the goal of touching 1.4 million people with phone calls or door knocks by the close of polls Tuesday . Meanwhile , the state GOP and the Republican National Committee , which are coordinating some of their efforts with the Walker campaign , boasted Monday that they have identified and contacted 4 million voters since January -- a number that has national Republicans speculating that they can put the state in play for Mitt Romney in November . The recall fight has its roots in Walker 's successful push in early 2011 to strip public employees of their collective bargaining rights in an effort to close an ugly budget shortfall . The push sparked a bitter partisan battle between Walker and Democrats in the state legislature , and set off a wave of historic protests from union members inside and outside the state capitol in Madison . After Walker signed the controversial budget bill in March 2011 , labor organizers subsequently managed to collect 900,000 certified signatures to trigger a recall and are now among those leading the final get-out-the-vote push . On Monday , at a Madison-area branch of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees  AFSCME  , Barrett supporters spent the day popping in to pick up fliers for door-to-door voter contact efforts . The union is also paying for cab rides to the polls on Tuesday . Randy Case , a retiree from Cross Plains , was among those who dropped by the AFSCME office to help . He said Walker deserves to be removed from office because he trampled on Wisconsin 's cherished tradition of fair play in state government . "  This is a friendly state , " Case said . "  People get along here , and I think in our government , that has meant we elect people who work across the aisle and listen to other side . And that has just been absent with this current administration . It 's ` my way or the highway , ' which is simply not a Wisconsin value . It 's not how we govern ourselves . " Walker argues that his reforms are working , pointing to a projected budget surplus and a modest uptick in jobs since he took office last year . Democrats have tried to poke holes in those numbers , but according to recent poll from Marquette University Law School , a slight majority of voters approve of Walker 's performance in Madison . The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , Barrett 's hometown paper , also came to Walker 's defense with a helpful messaging point last week , writing in an editorial that the governor deserves to finish his term . Walker is not the only Republican facing a recall Tuesday . Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch is on the ballot against Democrat Mahlon Mitchell , a Fitchburg firefighter dubbed "  M&M " by some of his supporters . The undercard also features four of the Republican state senators who helped Walker pass his budget reforms . Just one GOP loss in those recall races would flip control of the state Senate back to Democrats , at least until the next election in November . But the marquee race is between Walker and Barrett , a rematch of the 2010 governor 's race . In that historically Republican year , Walker edged Barrett in their original matchup by 5 points . Different dynamics are at work on Tuesday , though , giving Democrats some hope even though Walker is considered the narrow favorite . While the anti-Walker fervor may have waned since protests consumed the state capitol grounds in early 2011 , insiders here predict that turnout on both sides is likely to be higher than it was for the original Walker-Barrett race . But even in the race 's eleventh hour , strategists in both parties are struggling to figure out whether turnout will be closer to 2008 levels , when nearly 70 % of eligible Wisconsin voters participated in the presidential election , or 2010 , when voter turnout dropped to 49 % . Democrats are hoping for the 2008 model . Almost 3 million people voted in that election , and the state went heavily for Barack Obama . "  It was a low turnout in 2010 and a high turnout in 2008 , " said former Wisconsin Sen. Russ Feingold , who spent Monday traveling the state rallying Democrats . "  If we get anywhere near 2008 or even halfway there , we are going to win , because those folks are more likely to vote for Tom Barrett . " But unlike 2008 , when Republican turnout underwhelmed , Wisconsin voters on both sides are now engaged at a level not seen in recent memory . "  We have an example of Hatfields and McCoys going on in this state like we have never seen , " said Brian Nemoir , a Milwaukee-based Republican strategist . "  People are hyper-engaged , as much in support for their own candidate as in disgust for the opponent . " Handmade signs are nearly as prevalent as official ones . Some locals say they have resorted to lowering their voices in public when discussing the recall to avoid setting off arguments with strangers . The Marquette University poll revealed that 26 % of all voters have slapped a bumper sticker on their car or planted a sign in their lawn . The same survey found that a third of voters have simply stopped talking politics with someone they know because the race is so heated . And this is all in a state with a historical reputation for collegiality and Midwestern politeness . A flood of campaign money , much of it from out-of-state interest groups and most of it benefiting Republicans , is partially responsible for the hothouse political climate . About $ 64 million has been spent on the race since November 2011 , an analysis from the Center for Public Integrity found . That 's a new state record , shattering the previous record of $ 37.4 million spent during the 2010 governor 's race . Beginning last fall , Walker seized on a loophole in Wisconsin law that allows incumbents in recall elections to raise unlimited sums . Walker outraised his opponent by an almost 8-1 margin , collecting $ 30.5 million to Barrett 's $ 4 million . Roughly two-thirds of Walker 's contributions came from out of state , the Center for Public Integrity reported , while only a quarter of Barrett 's funds originated from outside Wisconsin . Beyond the individual campaigns , independent groups have played a major role in the race , helping saturate television and radio airwaves with negative advertising . The Republican Governors Association , for instance , has spent more than $ 8 million on Walker 's behalf , most it on television ads . Working against Walker are unions like AFSCME , the American Federation of Teachers , the National Education Association and the Service Employees International Union , which have also steered millions of dollars to the state in their efforts to unseat the governor .	Democratic groups say they contacted nearly 750,000 voters over the weekend Republicans have contacted 4 million voters this year The recall fight stems from a battle over collective bargaining rights for public employees Republican Gov. Scott Walker faces off against Democrat Tom Barrett , mayor of Milwaukee
One of my law professors once told our class : I 'd rather be rich and guilty than poor and innocent . Maybe he was right . In Texas , in the courtroom of Judge Jean Boyd , not only can the wealthy afford top-notch attorneys and experts , they are afforded their very own legal defense . It 's called "  affluenza . " Ethan Couch is a 16-year-old troubled teen who drove drunk and killed four innocent people . He lost control of his Ford F-350 truck , rolled it and slammed into them as they tried to fix a disabled car on the road 's shoulder in a Fort Worth suburb . One of his seven teen passengers was thrown from the truck and permanently paralyzed . He can only communicate by blinking . Prosecutors had sought the maximum sentence of 20 years in state custody . In court , paid experts on Couch 's behalf argued he suffered from "  affluenza " -- a previously made-up diagnosis not even recognized by the American Psychiatric Association -- and that his behavior was excused because of how he was raised . Opinion : The cure for "  affleunza " is prison The theory was that Couch was not to blame for his actions because his rich parents gave him too much , never set limits for him , and he never learned consequences for his actions . His parents and his family 's wealth were to blame , they argued . The defense is ridiculous . And the judge 's decision -- despicable . Couch was not sentenced to a Texas juvenile detention center . Instead , he was sentenced to 10 years probation and is required to enter into a private counseling center to receive one year of rehab . The posh California facility his attorneys have recommended will reportedly cost his parents $ 450,000 . There are no locks . There are no fences . There is , however , yoga , nutrition courses , horseback riding and cooking classes . Welcome to Ethan Couch 's world . Where the same privilege that justified him killing four people allows him to walk away with virtually no consequences . The message this case sends about our criminal justice system and personal responsibility is chilling . There really are two systems of justice -- one for the rich , and one for those other people . There really is a double standard . Related : Affluenza , is it real ? The purpose of juvenile justice is not solely rehabilitation . It 's also to teach young people about accountability and consequences so that they wo n't continue to offend . It 's also about punishment when teens kill and hurt others . Judge Boyd knows this . She heard a case last year where a 14-year-old African-American teen punched someone once ; the person tragically died two days later . Judge Boyd ruled that the teen could get his services and counseling while sentencing him to Texas juvenile detention with the possibility of adult prison for up to 10 years . That was for one punch . Ethan drove his truck 70 mph with a .24 blood alcohol content  three times the legal limit for an adult  , killed four people , and got 10 years probation . And yoga classes . The scales of justice are clearly on one side here . Our juvenile system is full of teens from challenging backgrounds . Many are born to parents who neglected them , abused them or did n't teach them right from wrong , who in some cases fended for themselves at very young ages . But , unlike Ethan Couch , they do n't suffer from affluenza . They are poor and , too often , they are black . They 're disenfranchised . Off to jail they go . Their backgrounds may offer explanations for their actions , but they do n't justify them . So why should Ethan 's ? Judges often use their sentencing to set an example and send a message . If that 's the case , would n't the best cure for affluenza be to deprive Ethan Couch of his wealth ? Humble him . Not give him special treatment in world-class facilities and reinforce the message that he 's different and not like the rest of us . Send him to juvenile detention where he can get services , but also protect society by not allowing him the opportunity to kill others . Justice is not blind in Judge Boyd 's courtroom . Ethan is being granted a privileged outcome based on his privileged background . And prosecutors should challenge this sentence as outrageously lenient . Ethan Couch is not being held accountable . Judge Boyd should be .	Faith Jenkins calls judge 's decision in the "  affluenza " drunk driving case "  despicable " Jenkins : Privilege that justified killing four allows him to walk with virtually no consequences Same judge sentenced a 14-year-old African-American teen to 10 years for punch
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lady Gaga struck back at tabloid attacks on her weight , posting photos of herself wearing only a bra and panties on her fan website Tuesday . The singer 's blog , titled "  A Body Revolution 2013 , " invites fans to "  be brave and celebrate with us your ` perceived flaws , ' as society tells us , " by posting their own photos . "  May we make our flaws famous , and thus redefine the heinous , " Gaga wrote . Are we really ready to take a look at ` real women ' ? Online publications have speculated about Gaga 's weight gain in recent months , which she has acknowledged to be about 25 pounds . Four photographs posted on her LittleMonsters.com site Tuesday leave no questions about her size and shape , showing her nearly naked from the front , side and rear . The captions above each photo read : "  Bulimia and anorexia since I was 15 ... But today I join the BODY REVOLUTION ... . To Inspire Bravery ... . and BREED some ... COMPASSION . " Gaga wrote that her "  weight/loss/gain since I was child has tormented me . " "  No amount of help has ever healed my pain about it , " she wrote . "  But YOU have . My boyfriend prefers me curvier , when i eat and am healthy and not so worried about my looks , I 'm happy . Happier than I 've ever been . i am not going to go on a psycho-spree because of scrutiny . This is who I am . And I am proud at any size . And I love you , and want you to be proud in any form you may take as well . " We asked , you answered : Are we really ready to take a look at ` real women ' ? Fans began posting their own stories and images including a woman who wrote about weight gain from lupus , saying she was "  very self conscious about my body but today I am inspired to be brave . " "  I 've had a hard year , I 've been torturing myself with being perfect and I felt I could n't trust anyone around me , " another fan wrote . "  I cried so much because I felt like I was n't enough , and I only felt loved by YOU , monster family . I still feel like this a lot of times . People think I 'm happy because I always smile , but they have no idea of how much I cry in my room at nights and I feel so lonely . " Gaga warns her fans , whom she calls her "  little monsters , " not to "  look for kindness in critics , go where you know the gold is . Here , in our hearts . " Photos : The Lady before she was Gaga Lady Gaga 's ` slutty ' fragrance	Lady Gaga tells fans "  weight/loss/gain since I was child has tormented me " The singer challenges fans to "  celebrate with us your ` perceived flaws ' " Online publications speculate about Gaga 's weight gain in recent months "  My boyfriend prefers me curvier , " Lady Gaga writes
CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for more than three hours in Jerusalem on Friday as he pushed a new framework for a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians . The meeting was private , but earlier in the day , three Republican senators who also met with Netanyahu shared some of Israel 's concerns . Netanyahu named two major concerns , Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina told reporters . One is the threat of a nuclear Iran , and the other is the marginalization of Israel by Palestinians going outside of the peace talks and directly to the United Nations to seek statehood . Graham , who was accompanied by Sens. John McCain of Arizona and John Barrasso of Wyoming , said they shared the prime minister 's concerns . The trio of Republicans said they support a lasting peace process , but not one that puts Israel at a disadvantage . Kerry arrived in Tel Aviv on Thursday and immediately headed for Jerusalem , the start of his ninth trip to the region since taking over as America 's top diplomat nearly a year ago . At the outset of the trip , he said that the time is close for tough decision-making . A senior State Department official said Kerry 's talks with Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas would be substantive . "  It is an effort to provide agreed guidelines for a permanent status agreement ; that is to say , a full and final peace treaty between the parties , " the official said . Kerry 's proposal is based on five months of intensive consultations with Israelis and Palestinians since the resumption of the peace process last summer . As a result of those talks , he intends to test some of his ideas with the two leaders . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu A trio of Republican senators also met with the Israeli leader The senators said they support a deal that will not hurt Israelis
CNN  -- Police are investigating whether or what family issues might have prompted a California man to shoot six of his family members -- killing five -- before committing suicide . His wife was critically wounded . Authorities on Tuesday said Devan Kalathat , 42 , shot his family Sunday night at his Santa Clara townhouse , killing two adults and three children . Kalathat killed his 11-year-old son , Akhil Dev ; his 4-year-old daughter , Negha Dev ; his 35-year-old brother-in-law Ashok Appu Poothemkandi ; Poothemkandi 's 25-year-old wife , Suchitra Sivaraman ; and the couple 's 11-month-old daughter , Ahana . Kalathat 's 34-year-old wife , who was not identified , sustained multiple gunshot wounds and remains in critical condition , said Lt. Phil Cooke . "  Family dynamics and personal relationships may have played a factor , " Cooke told reporters Tuesday . He said Kalathat was employed as an engineer and nothing indicated he was facing "  layoff or financial crisis . " Investigators believe Kalathat used two .45 - caliber semi-automatic pistols , both of which he owned . Cooke said Kalathat bought one of the pistols in February and the other nearly two weeks ago -- roughly the same time his wife 's brother , Poothemkandi , arrived in California from India with Suchitra Sivaraman and Ahana . Cooke noted that Poothemkandi was an "  educated professional " with plans to stay in the Bay Area to work on a project for a high-tech firm . Police were called after a neighbor noticed Kalathat 's wounded wife outside the home around 8:30 p.m.  11:30 p.m. ET  , Cooke said . When police arrived , other victims were found around the kitchen and dining room in what Cooke described as "  a very gruesome scene . " The family shooting comes just two months after a Los Angeles father who , after he and his wife were fired from their jobs , killed her and their five young children before turning the gun on himself .	Devan Kalathat , 42 , shot six of his family members before turning gun on himself His wife , in critical condition , is the only survivor of the attack Police : "  Family dynamics and personal relationships may have played a factor " Police say man was not facing job loss or financial problems
CNN  -- Britain 's Independent Police Complaints Commission has initiated a criminal investigation into police misconduct in a 1989 tragedy at a soccer ground where 96 people died . The investigation follows a private inquiry that found serious failings by police and emergency services . The private report , released last month , reviewed thousands of documents and cast doubt on the original inquest 's finding of accidental death . English FA offer apology on Hillsborough The crush at Sheffield 's Hillsborough Stadium on April 15 , 1989 , has cast a lasting shadow over Liverpool and the surrounding Merseyside area . The panel that compiled the private report also found evidence that indicated as many as 41 of those crushed could have survived . The Independent Police Complaints Commission , which oversees police complaints in England and Wales , said Friday that last month 's report "  revealed extremely serious and troubling issues for the police . " "  Its contents provoked a demand for those responsible for the actions revealed in the report to be held to account , " it said . The commission is reviewing hundreds of thousands of pages of evidence , and is paying special attention to allegations that police tampered with statements and that misleading information was passed to the media , among others . "  We have learned details of the run-up to the disaster including the unheeded warnings from previous incidents , the disaster itself , and its aftermath , including what appear to be attempts to distort the truth , " the commission said . It said it does not know how many officers and retired officers will be investigated . The commission can investigate both criminal and misconduct offenses , even after an officer 's retirement . The tragedy occurred when thousands of fans were let through a gate into an already crowded standing area , leading many to be crushed against metal fences and concrete walls . Horrifying images from the scene showed panicked men , women and children pushed and trampled with nowhere to go as police lost control of the crowd . Of some 25,000 Liverpool fans who had traveled to Sheffield to watch their team play , 96 never came home .	The Independent Police Complaints Commission started its own investigation The crush at Sheffield 's Hillsborough Stadium in 1989 killed 96 people A private inquiry has found evidence of police misconduct
CNN  -- Mexico bounced back from two successive defeats to beat Trinidad and Tobago 2-1 on Wednesday and keep alive hopes of qualifying for the 2010 World Cup finals . Mexico 's match-winner Oscar Rojas tussles with Trinidad and Tobago 's goalscorer Hayden Tinto . The result lifted the Mexicans up to fourth place in the six-team CONCACAF group , from which only the top three nations automatically progress to next year 's showpiece in South Africa . If Javier Aguirre 's side can not do any better than the position they find themselves at the halfway stage of the qualifying schedule , then a two-leg play-off against the fifth-best team from the South American group will follow . Mexico , on six points , are one behind third-placed Honduras , who defeated El Salvador 1-0 on Wednesday thanks to a 14th-minute winner from Carlos Pavon . Aguirre experienced a much more positive result than his first match in charge , a 2-1 defeat away to El Salvador on Saturday . In Mexico City , Guillermo Franco gave the hosts a perfect start when he cut in from the right and beat goalkeeper Clayton Ince . However , Hayden Tinto made Mexico pay for missing several chances when he pounced on a defensive mistake and fired into the top corner on the stroke of halftime . But Oscar Rojas netted a long-range winner three minutes after the interval to leave the bottom-placed Soca Warriors with just two draws from five outings . Costa Rica top the group on 12 points , two ahead of the United States .	Mexico bounce back from two successive defeats to beat Trinidad and Tobago Javier Aguirre experiences first victory since taking over again with 2-1 triumph The result puts Mexico up to fourth in six-team CONCACAF group at halfway Honduras move up to third position in the group after defeating El Salvador 1-0
CNN  -- Former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin was sentenced to 10 years in prison Wednesday in a bribery scandal that rocked the city , the U.S. Justice Department said . U.S. District Judge Helen G. Berrigan also ordered that Nagin pay $ 84,264 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service . In February , a jury found him guilty of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes and other favors from businessmen looking for a break from his administration . Of the 21 counts against him , he was convicted of 20 . The former mayor maintained his innocence even after the conviction . Prosecutors argued that Nagin was at the center of a kickback scheme in which he received checks , cash , wire transfers , personal services and free travel from businessmen seeking contracts and favorable treatment from the city . A January 2013 indictment detailed more than $ 200,000 in bribes to the mayor , and his family members allegedly received a vacation in Hawaii ; first-class airfare to Jamaica ; private jet travel and a limousine for New York City ; and cellular phone service . In exchange , businesses that coughed up for Nagin and his family won more than $ 5 million in city contracts , according to the indictment . Few tears shed for Nagin in the city he once led	NEW : A judge orders Nagin to pay $ 84,264 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service He was convicted this year on corruption charges The former mayor maintains his innocence
CNN  -- It is disheartening and alarming to learn that as many as 7,000 patients are at risk of serious , life-threatening infections because of dentist W. Scott Harrington 's alleged failure to follow "  standard infection control guidelines " at his practice in a Tulsa , Oklahoma , suburb . Around the country , people are asking : Are U.S. oral health services safe ? The short answer is : Yes . But , patients should always check to make sure that their dental provider adheres to the strictest safety guidelines . The allegations leveled against Harrington are deeply troubling , and it is terrible that his many patients must now worry they might have been exposed to hepatitis and HIV because of his alleged failure to implement even the most basic infection control guidelines . As the leader of his oral health care team , it was his responsibility to ensure the safety of the patients who trusted him with their care . Dental patients tested for hepatitis , HIV exposure Considering that there are 175,000 practicing dentists in the United States , it would be easy to argue that Harrington is an outlier and statistically insignificant . However , one outlier is one too many , and the lives he might have put at risk are anything but insignificant . But generally , dental care in the United States is among the best in the world . Along with the privilege and tremendous rewards of being a health care professional comes the awesome responsibility of providing the highest quality of care possible . Dental practices , as with any medical practice , must make sure that safety is a priority . As we approach the graduation season , dental schools in the United States will welcome more than 4,000 new colleagues to our profession . All schools are held to the standards promulgated by the Commission on Dental Accreditation that address patient safety . Training in and implementation of patient safety protocols is an important component of any dental school education . Upon graduation , the dental education community certifies that new dentists are competent to independently provide oral health care . They should be able to put into practice the knowledge , skills and experiences they have gained . The very basics of infection control are not complicated to understand or implement . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has issued a very clear and practical document that most practitioners utilize to develop protocols in their practices . In addition , the Organization of Safety , Asepsis and Prevention is a wonderful resource for information and training . All states require that licensed dentists participate in continuing education to maintain that license to practice . Many states , such as Massachusetts , require a portion of this continuing education to be focused on infection control . Dental schools , organized groups such as the American Dental Association , licensing boards and other dental organizations have made patient safety a priority during the past 25 years . In the array of health care providers , dentists have an admirable record of providing high-quality care in a safe environment . Patients should feel confident that their care will be provided in a safe environment and that there is infinitesimal risk of transmission of disease . However , as one seeks any health care services , patients must ask questions about the provider , his or her staff , facility , training and compliance with infection control guidelines . Any capable and qualified dentist would welcome such questions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Hanley .	A dentist in Oklahoma has put up to 7,000 patients at risk for serious infections James Hanley : Despite this case , dental care in the U.S. is among the best in the world He says dental community and schools put emphasis on infection control and safety Hanley : Dentists have an admirable record of providing high-quality care in the U.S.
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- In the middle of Siberia 's Taiga forest , east of Abakan and down an unmarked dirt road stretching across the Kuraginsk district of Krasnoyarsk territory , there is a place where many have found salvation . It is known as Petropavlovka , the home of the Church of the Last Testament , which has attracted at least 5,000 followers since its establishment in 1990 . Last summer , after years of unanswered emails to the church 's press department , I was finally invited to visit . The church 's leader is known as Vissarion , a.k.a. the Teacher . In another life he was Sergey Anatolyevitch Torop and served as a patrol officer in Minusinsk until the late 1980s . Then , on August 18 , 1990 , he experienced a revelation : His was the word of God . He began sermonizing in and around his hometown and soon , with a handful of newly converted followers by his side , he retreated to the ancient Taiga and began a new life -- and , some might say , founded an entirely new world . Just about everything Vissarion has ever said or thought has been recorded in the never-ending Last Testament , a follow-up of sorts to the New Testament that currently spans 10 volumes and thousands of pages . Inside is doctrine on the dual origins of the universe  one spawned nature , the other the human soul  , something called the "  outer-space mind "  aliens , basically  , and the rapidly approaching end of the world . Or at least this is what I understand from the handful of scriptures that have been  somewhat poorly  translated into English . While Christian imagery abounds , the church 's ideology is an all-encompassing amalgam of the world 's major religions and includes aspects of Buddhism , Hinduism , Paganism and many other spiritual philosophies . See the rest of The Jesus of Siberia at VICE.COM I first learned of Vissarion and his church from "  Bells from the Deep , " Werner Herzog 's 1993 documentary about Russian mysticism that explored the country 's renewed interest in religion following the fall of the USSR and its official stance of gosateizm  state atheism  . Back then , Petropavlovka was nothing more than a handful of simple structures on unfertile land in the middle of the forest . Today , I would discover , it is an almost completely self-sufficient community with solar power , satellite television , bountiful organic gardens and an overwhelming air of contentment . Once open to journalists , a few years back Vissarion claimed that he would never give an interview again . But somehow , some way , he granted me an audience and I was allowed to ask a man who many believe to be the reincarnation of Christ if he had any answers for our troubled world . I 'm still not sure if his advice is applicable outside of his insular kingdom , but since my trip I have often thought of his blessed community and how everyone there seemed to be full of joy . It 's enough to make you consider that they just may be onto something .	Russian patrol officer turned self-proclaimed Jesus has following of thousands Followers live in a self-sufficient community in a remote region of Siberia After years of asking , VICE 's request to visit was finally granted last summer
CNN  -- In the not-too-distant future , you 'll receive a full diagnosis and cure from your smartphone before you have even realized you 're unwell . While this may seem like science fiction , it 's on the cusp of becoming a reality . Digital is set to embark on a path of radical transformation in the health and wellness sector and in doing so it will help us to overcome some of the most significant challenges we face in health care . We have an aging society and as elderly people account for a larger share of the population , the prevalence of long-term health problems will increase . This will cause a bigger cost burden and pressure health systems to accommodate an aging workforce . Furthermore , lifestyle-related chronic health problems , including obesity and diabetes , are on the rise with dramatic implications for health service budgets . The cost of supporting these demographic trends is unsustainable but digital services are likely to be part of the solution society is looking for . Tell us : What 's your dream smartphone feature ? One trend that 's captured the imagination of many is "  body hacking " or understanding the "  quantified self . " Whether it 's an app tracking your dietary intake or a wearable band counting the physical activity you undertake each day , these devices provide you with the tools to understand your health immediately based on the data your body has provided . Every individual can benefit from better access to information about their bodies and greater awareness leads to better understanding of the consequences . Little by little this starts to change behaviors . The growth in availability of portable and highly connected health devices will drive an expectation in society to be aware of our own health and more pro-active in the lifestyle choices we make . People will use technology to prevent and diagnose disease , and in some cases , bypass the doctor 's clinic by taking health care into their own hands , or at the least go armed to the doctor with helpful diagnostic information . Our informed insight will mean that the doctor 's role will change . They will become coaches , rather than a source of initial diagnosis . Self-diagnostic tools will empower doctors to monitor , prevent and treat medical conditions . One early example of this is the ECG attachment for the iPhone , which is already capable of producing medical-grade data . Private health care organizations will tap into health applications and their capacity for diagnosis as a result , and will offer these widely to consumers . Your smartphone will come to know your body better than you know yourself and doctors will provide a health care service based on your measured behavior and key health indicators . Imagine taking a picture of a rash or ailment with your mobile , uploading it to a diagnostic app and receiving a tailored diagnosis based on the information from the picture , coupled with your personal data that the mobile device has already collected . This is the private data driven future we are seriously looking at , both in developed countries with unsustainable health care costs , but also in countries where people do not have affordable access to health care . Although self-diagnostic tools will encourage better knowledge of our health , this brings about a moral conundrum . Firstly , the value of these insights suggests that we will be happy to share our personal data but there is bound to be an element of suspicion . Secondly , if we understand our bodies and lower risk of illness , will the insurance industry reward those who have a healthy lifestyle and punish those who do n't ? If healthy people are not rewarded with lower insurance costs for their lifestyles , would they argue that they are being penalized for the unhealthy habits of others ? Where do we draw the line between what is a lifestyle choice and genetic illness that we have no control over ? Currently , health care systems focus primarily on chronic ill health , rather than the preventative measures of living a healthy lifestyle , but this may be the adjustment that both the health care system and insurance companies make as a result of digital health devices . The ultimate health care applications will allow us to monitor our body and use the insight from that data to create an actionable , preventative health solution , such as an individual exercise or nutritional plan , in addition to devising a personal cocktail of medicine . However , in order to ultimately take off , digital health services need to be designed so that they embed into current human behaviors . Devices that are uncomfortable to wear or do n't provide simple explanations of data will not be adopted . Usability is key : People want something intuitive and simple . Healthcare solutions must be designed with the user in mind , enabling people to arrive at actionable conclusions based on their personal data . With well designed digital health services and devices , individuals can take ownership of their own lifestyle behavior and health , which in turn will bring about significant economic and social benefits globally . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Curtis .	Smartphones will soon be able to deliver diagnosis and suggest cures even before we know we 're ill , says Mark Curtis "  Body hacking " tools , such as wearable bands that monitor physical activity , will help improve our health awareness , Curtis says Medical monitoring technology will open new area of debate over privacy and the cost of health care insurance
MALE , Maldives  CNN  -- The new president of the Maldives wants to relocate -- his entire country . Much of Male , capital of the Maldives , was flooded following the 2004 tsunami . Mohamed "  Anni " Nasheed , a former political prisoner , was sworn in Tuesday after he unseated Asia 's longest-serving leader in the country 's first multi-party elections two weeks ago . He inherits an island nation with several problems . Foremost among them : the very likely possibility that the Maldives will sink under water if the current pace of climate change keeps raising sea levels . The Maldives is an archipelago of almost 1,200 coral islands located south-southwest of India . Most of the islands lie just 4.9 feet  1.5 meters  above sea level . The United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has forecast a rise in sea levels of at least 7.1 inches  18 cm  by the end of the century . The island was badly hit by the December 2004 tsunami , which killed an estimated 273,800 people and left thousands missing across Asia and Africa . In the Maldives itself , at least 82 people were killed and 26 unaccounted for from a population just over 270,000 , according to the Maldives Disaster Management Center . Sixty-nine islands were completely flooded and a further 30 islands half flooded . The capital of Male was also flooded , although sea walls protected it from further devastation . The government has calculated that creating a similar barrier around the rest of the country would cost too much . Watch Maldives president vow to save the nation . " And so the tourist nation , which has white sandy beaches that lure well-heeled Westerners , wants to set aside some of the $ 1 billion a year it receives from tourism and spend that money on buying a new homeland . "  We will invest in land , " Nasheed said . "  We do not want to end up in refugee tents if the worst happens . " Nasheed 's government has said that it has broached the idea with several countries and found them to be "  receptive . " Lands owned by Sri Lanka and India are possibilities because the countries have similar cultures , cuisine and climate as the Maldives . Australia is also being considered because of the vast unoccupied land it owns . Climate change is not the only challenge the new president will have to tackle , though . Other thorny issues include rising unemployment , corruption and a staggering drug epidemic . By some estimates , one of every three Maldivian youth uses drugs . Maldivians also worry that their tiny secular nation of 370,000 Muslims could fall prey to the reach of Islamic radicals . A bombing in Male , attributed to Islamic extremists , wounded 12 tourists in September 2007 . "  We have made many pledges , " Nasheed said in his inaugural address . "  The citizens gave their majority vote to us to implement these . " Nasheed said he will work to bring affordable housing and medical care for everyone . Twenty-one percent of the population lives below the poverty line . Nasheed , a 41-year-old one-time journalist , was among the fiercest critics of former President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , who came to power in 1978 and ruled the Maldives for 30 years . He won the six previous elections as the only candidate on the ballot . Nasheed contended that Gayoom ruled with an iron fist , crushing dissent , amassing wealth and stacking his administration with friends and relatives . Gayoom 's critics say his government enforced a system of ` apartheid ' tourism that banned most Maldivians from nearly 90 luxury resorts . Shortly before election day , an auditors ' report said that millions of dollars were improperly accounted for by Gayoom 's government . He disputed the findings . Nasheed was arrested several times in the last 15 years and held as a political prisoner . Five candidates challenged Gayoom for the presidency in elections held on October 9 . Gayoom said he needed a seventh five-year term to see through the reforms he put in place . But critics said Gayoom instituted democratic reforms -- and legalized political parties -- only after violent protests in 2004 and 2005 . Nasheed and Gayoom ended up in a runoff -- with Nasheed winning 54 percent of the votes to Gayoom 's 46 percent in the October 28 race . "  No other citizens in the world in modern times have changed a 30-year-old regime so peacefully , " Nasheed said in address . As the clock struck 12 a.m. Tuesday , Gayoom quietly exited the presidential office . "  I deeply regret any actions on my part ...  that  led to unfair treatment , difficulty or injustice for any Maldivian , " he said in a farewell speech . "  From anyone who had had to face any such unfair treatment , difficulty or injustice , I sincerely seek forgiveness . " Maldivians took to the streets in a celebration that carried into the wee hours of the morning . Residents danced to the beats of local bands and feasted on rice and mutton . They decked the cobbled roads of Male with the red-and-green flag of the Maldives and the yellow banner of Nasheed 's Maldivian Democratic Party . "  We can not believe that this is happening . I have spent more than half my life in exile in Sri Lanka , " said Nasheed 's close confidant Mohammed Naseem . Journalist Sumon K. Chakrabarti in Male and CNN 's Saeed Ahmed in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Newly sworn-in Maldives president vows to buy land to relocate entire nation Climate change-threatened Indian Ocean islands could sink under rising sea levels Maldives is considering land in Sri Lanka , India and Australia Island was badly hit by tsunami of 2004 , with more than 100 people dead or missing
CNN  A Delta airplane had a close call Thursday , skidding off a snowy runway and stopping within feet of icy waters . Any accident raises questions , and the National Transportation Safety Board is sending people to New York 's LaGuardia Airport to investigate . Although the cause of the crash is not yet clear , officials will no doubt be looking at the conditions on the runway . Was it cleared and ready ? Did the pilot have all relevant information ? CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo breaks down the responsibilities around runways . "  There are a couple of things that airports have to do , " she said . "  The airport has to go out and measure whether the airport runways have friction , meaning when those tires touch down that they will have some contact with the runway . " That information is then relayed to the air traffic control tower , according to Schiavo . "  As to whether the runways are slippery , that is breaking action , and the airport gets that from the reports of previous pilots , " she said . Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Executive Director Patrick Foye told reporters that the runway in question had been plowed shortly before the incident . Pilots on previous planes reported "  good braking action , " he said . Just minutes after the Delta plane landed , all of LaGuardia Arport shut down to air traffic . One runway reopened at 2 p.m. ET . The other remained closed . Miles O'Brien , another CNN aviation analyst , highlights how difficult it is to understand all the elements in play . "  The wind was changing . The temperatures were changing . It was moving from rain to freezing rain , ultimately into snow . So you had a very dynamic weather picture , and let 's not forget , it 's kind of a subjective thing , " he said . "  One pilot might say , ` oh that was no problem , ' but he might have learned how to fly in northern Canada . "	Port Authority chief : Runway was just plowed , other pilots reported "  good braking action " The NTSB is sending people to New York 's LaGuardia Airport to investigate
CNN Student News  -- Use this activity to help your students review the U.S. Constitution and understand its relevance today . Generate a class discussion to determine what students know about the U.S. Constitution . Conduct class research , if necessary , to enable students to answer the following questions :  What was the first governing document for the young United States ?  Why did many Americans want the Articles of Confederation replaced ?  Who were the members of the Constitutional Convention ?  Where and under what conditions did the Convention meet ?  What challenges did the framers of the Constitution face in crafting a document that would be ratified by the thirteen states ?  As delegates were considering how the new government would look , what opposing views surfaced about the size of government , representation and other issues ? How were these issues addressed in the Constitution ? Next , review the text of the U.S. Constitution , including its 27 Amendments . You can read the text as a class or assign portions of the document to different groups of students and have them briefly summarize each section that they were assigned . Divide the class into groups . Direct each group to find a current news story that is an illustration of some aspect of the U.S. Constitution . For example , a story about a protest demonstrates the First Amendment . A story about upcoming congressional elections is an illustration of Article I. Have groups determine the connections between their chosen stories and the Constitution , and then share their findings with the class . Once all groups have presented their information , point out to students that , although it was created in 1787 , the Constitution is more than an historic document : It is the basis of the laws and civil liberties that affect all of us today . Conclude with a discussion about the Constitution in modern times . Ask students : What elements of the Constitution do you think have allowed it to survive the test of time and become the oldest written constitution still in effect ? Related Resources  Constitution of the United States http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/constitution.html  The Constitution Center : Constitution Day http://www.constitutioncenter.org/ncc_progs_Constitution_Day.aspx  Center for Civic Education http://new.civiced.org/  CNN.com http://www.cnn.com/ Social Studies Standards V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups and institutions . VI . Power , Authority and Governance Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of how people create and change structures of power , authority , and governance . X. Civic Ideals and Practices Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of ideals , principles , and practices of citizenship in a democratic republic . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/  .	Students will review the U.S. Constitution and understand its relevance today
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden asked Ecuador "  to please reject " the request for asylum from self-avowed National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden , according to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa . Snowden was n't in Ecuador on Saturday , but if he does arrive there , the country will make a decision based on sovereignty , taking into account U.S. input , Correa said in his weekly broadcast on state TV . Ben Rhodes , deputy director of the U.S. National Security Council , confirmed that Biden spoke with Correa about Snowden and the bilateral relationship , but Rhodes declined to provide details . In a telephone conversation with Biden on Friday , Correa told him "  what was the Ecuadorian position " and that Ecuador "  ca n't even proceed with the request because Mr. Snowden is not in Ecuadorian territory . " Europe furious , ` shocked ' by report of U.S. spying Correa said Ecuador would be cautious about processing any asylum request from Snowden . "  We have to act very carefully but with courage , without contradicting our principles but with a lot of care , responsibility and respect of course towards the U.S. but also respect for the truth , " Correa said . The president said that he does n't want "  to harm his country " but is "  not going to give up on the principles and the sovereignty " of Ecuador . "  We need to be very realistic . We use the U.S. currency . We are extremely vulnerable . We should n't make any false assumptions , " Correa said . Snowden , 29 , faces espionage charges in the United States for allegedly leaking top-secret details about U.S. surveillance programs . Correa said that the first ones to be consulted "  would be the U.S. as we did in the Assange case with England . " He was referring to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who 's been residing in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London for almost a year . Obama : Pay no attention to that man we ca n't capture Ecuador granted asylum last year to Assange so he could avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is sought for questioning in two alleged sex crimes that he denies . Assange fears ultimately being transferred to the United States , he said . Earlier this month on CNN 's AC360 , Assange spoke from the embassy and urged Snowden to go to Latin America because it has "  a long tradition of asylum . " Correa said neither he nor officials in Quito authorized travel documents that diplomats in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London issued to Snowden . The document "  was issued without our knowledge , " and he blamed the consul in London , Correa said . "  They think I 'm such an idiot that I ordered our consul in London to issue a document so an American citizen can leave China and travel to Russia . This consul will face the necessary sanctions , " Correa said . Biden made his phone call the day after Correa and other top Ecuadorian officials said they would n't bow to U.S. pressure about Snowden . Ecuador is turning down trade benefits given by the United States as part of the Andean Trade Promotion and Drug Eradication Act , Ecuadorian officials said . Father proposes deal for Snowden 's voluntary return On Thursday , Correa gave a fiery speech . "  In the face of threats , insolence and arrogance of certain U.S. sectors , which have pressured to remove the preferential tariffs because of the Snowden case , Ecuador tells the world we unilaterally and irrevocably renounce the preferential tariffs , " Correa said . "  It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum . " The South American country is now in the international spotlight as a global manhunt continues for Snowden , a fugitive who has admitted leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs . Snowden worked as a security guard at the U.S. National Security Agency , then in a computer security job with the CIA , and then as an NSA analyst with government contractor Booz Allen Hamilton in Hawaii .	Ecuadorian consul in London will face sanctions for giving travel papers to Snowden VP Joe Biden asks Ecuador "  to please reject " any asylum request from Edward Snowden But Snowden has n't made any asylum request , Ecuador President Rafael Correa says "  We have to act very carefully but with courage , " Correa says
CNN  -- Italian police on Monday found an explosive package at the Greek Embassy in Rome , the second time in as many weeks that embassies there have received explosives through the mail . The parcel did not explode , and authorities hope that it will provide information that will help in their investigation . Police also responded to other reports of suspicious packages at the Venezuelan and Danish embassies in Rome and possibly other embassies as well on Monday . But only the Greek embassy package contained an explosive , according to Francesco Tagliente , the chief of police in Rome . "  The alarm system has worked , " Tagliente said . "  Since this morning , all the embassies that had a suspected package alerted the police in enough time to determine whether the packages were dangerous and prevent any injuries . " Late last week , an anarchist group claimed credit for a pair of mail bombings Thursday at embassies in Rome , vowing in messages that it plans more such acts to "  destroy the systems of domination , " the state-run ANSA news agency reported . Police said that the Informal Federation of Anarchists -- an offshoot of the Italian Anarchist Federation , or FAI -- claimed responsibility for attacks at the Swiss and Chilean embassies . Tagliente said that Monday 's packages , which included a note from the FAI , were "  certainly related " to the ones last week . Computer-written notes were sent in small boxes along with the earlier package bombs , according to ANSA . The messages read : "  We have decided to make our voices heard again , in words and deeds . We will destroy the system of domination . Long live FAI . Long live anarchy . " The notes also referenced Lambros Fountas , who was shot dead last March while protesting in Athens . The 35-year-old has since become a martyr for the international anarchist movement , particularly groups in Greece , Italy and Spain . Formed in 1945 , Italian Anarchist Federation had seen a "  a slow but constant increase " of supporters in recent years , said the website of an umbrella group , L'International des Federations Anarchistes . The Italian organization aims for "  radical change " in support of "  oppressed and exploited peoples , " doing so with opposition to political powers and even the Catholic Church , the website said . There was no warning before a Swiss-born , 53-year-old mailroom worker was seriously hurt by an explosion while opening a package at the Swiss Embassy , according to police and the Swiss Foreign Ministry in Bern . One person was taken to a hospital when the second bomb exploded shortly afterward at the Chilean Embassy , police said . Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattin called the attacks "  a serious threat against foreign embassies in Rome . " He said that authorities were checking all embassies in Rome and Italian embassies aboard for suspicious packages . "  We should avoid being alarmist , " Frattin said . Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni said the incident is similar to a wave of letter bombs sent last month by an anarchist group based in Greece and claimed the bombs came from there . But Greek officials disputed the notion that anyone in their country was involved in the blasts . "  There is no evidence that the bombs originated in Greece , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Grigoris Delavekouras said . In addition to the Swiss and Chilean blasts , a "  suspicious package " was found at the Ukrainian Embassy in the Italian capital , police said , but it turned out not to be dangerous . There were also false alarms at the Slovenian and Estonian embassies . In November , police discovered 14 parcel bombs emanating from Greece , most of which were sent to various embassies in Athens . Police intercepted and destroyed most of them in controlled explosions , but a woman at a courier office was wounded by one of the devices and another device exploded in the courtyard of the Swiss Embassy . Two men accused of participating in the bombings were remanded into custody after they were arrested in Athens in possession of two parcel bombs , Glock pistols , a bulletproof vest and a wig . Panagiotis Argyrou , 22 , and Gerasimos Tsakalos , 24 , were also in possession of a delivery slip for another parcel containing an explosive device that had been delivered to a courier service and was addressed to the Dutch Embassy , police said . Hellenic Police spokesman Maj. Athanasios Kokkalakis called the two suspects "  important members of a terrorist group . " Before the attacks , Argyrou already faced an arrest warrant alleging his membership in an illegal organization called the Conspiracy of Cells of Fire . Greek authorities stressed that they believed the wave of letter bombs in November was the work of a home-grown Greek terrorist group that does not have ties to international organizations like al Qaeda . CNN 's Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief says only Greek Embassy parcel contained an explosive Chief : "  The alarm system has worked " An anarchist group claims responsibility for the bombings at the Swiss , Chilean embassies A Greek official disputes an Italian minister 's claim that the bombs originated in Greece
AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- CD sales are down . Digital has n't caught up . Record companies are consolidating . New bands are trying to find their own way . Baltimore-based DJ Blaqstarr , best known for his work with M.I.A. , performs at SXSW . Despite all the challenging news , thousands of industry professionals and eager music fans turned out for the South by Southwest  SXSW  festival in Austin , Texas , over the weekend . The festival , tailored to recording industry talent seekers and the talent they seek , officially ended Sunday . While optimism ran high at the five-day whirlwind of panel discussions , trade shows , live concerts and private parties , much of the conversation throughout the event focused on the sobering reality of the music industry 's uncertain future . "  Obviously we 're going through a transition . All of the major record labels have gone through some sort of cost-cutting and consolidation over the last few years , " said Rand Hoffman , head of business and legal affairs at Interscope Geffen A&M Records . "  Right now CD sales are falling more rapidly than digital is going up , " he told a group of SXSW festival-goers at a panel discussion on the future of the industry . According to a release from Nielson SoundScan , which tracks record sales , over a billion songs were downloaded in 2008 , an online music industry record . But the success of the individual digital song sales on popular sites such as iTunes has not replaced the lost revenue from the declining number of CD sales . Total album sales fell 14 percent in 2008 , which accounts for a huge portion of record company profits . Sony Music Entertainment 's Julie Swidler noted that despite the stressed state of affairs for the corporate music industry , the major labels will stay relevant , but probably as smaller versions of their past selves . "  We 'll still be major , just smaller major , " predicted Swidler , who works as the executive vice president of business affairs and general counsel . The growing trend of established artists selling and distributing their music without the aid of a major label paints an even bleaker picture for the corporate music business . "  The bottom line is if we want to continue , we have to break future superstars , and the only way to do that is artist development , " Swidler said . Both Swidler and Hoffman see light at the end of the tunnel , however . Watch sights and sounds of SXSW " Hoffman acknowledged that the major labels must find a way to turn the digital sales momentum into a greater profit and predicts that the United States will eventually have a terrestrial radio performance right law , which would require radio stations to pay artists each time they play their songs . "  I ca n't believe that if almost every single ... Western country in the world has -LSB- a performance right -RSB- , that the U.S. will go on indefinitely not having this . There 's no rational basis for it . Its just politics . " And Swidler believes that the labels can adapt to the online music movement with new , creative ways of directly connecting the artist to the consumer . "  I think you 're going to see online where suddenly instead of buying an album by your favorite artist , you 'll buy a year 's subscription to that artist , " Swidler says . "  So it 's almost as if an artist will trickle out a story for you for the entire year . " Good turnout , but not everyone is happy If the turnout at SXSW 2009 is any indication of consumers ' willingness to spend money on music , then record label executives have reason to be hopeful . The festival brought in an estimated $ 103 million to the Austin-area economy in 2008 , and though this year 's numbers have yet to be tabulated , SXSW representatives expect the amount will be on par with last year . Almost 2,000 artists played SXSW this year , which is about a hundred more than last year . An impressive list of major recording artists brought their high-profile acts to the intimate Austin stages . Kanye West , Jane 's Addiction , Big Boi and Metallica all played unannounced shows , primarily to exclusive crowds of industry insiders who heard about the concerts through word of mouth , though news of Metallica 's set at the release party of "  Guitar Hero : Metallica " on Friday was well-known around town early that morning . Watch some of Metallica 's performance " In addition to the surprise appearances , SXSW showcased scheduled performers PJ Harvey , the Indigo Girls , Ben Harper , Third Eye Blind and droves of other hit groups , almost all of whom garnered huge crowds of enthusiastic and devoted fans . Not everyone was pleased with the festival 's exclusive nature , however . To many locals , the perception is that major music acts are stealing the thunder from unsigned , local artists who are trying to attract as many label representatives to their shows as possible . Austin-based band the Vincents played a slew of gigs throughout the week and received positive feedback from the people who attended their shows , many of whom purchased their CD . But they ultimately felt overshadowed by the swarms of industry types who were constantly rushing to the next secret show or exclusive party . Local find In spite of a few complaints from Austin residents , SXSW can provide an amazing opportunity for a lucky few whose acts get picked up by industry folks . The "  feel good " story of SXSW 2009 might have been local , buzz-worthy band The Black and White Years , which recently took home five Austin Music Awards , including best new band , song of the year and best producer , the latter for former Talking Heads keyboardist-guitarist Jerry Harrison . Harrison stumbled across The Black and White Years at a small performance at SXSW in 2007 . He liked their sound and decided to produce their debut album . "  People think when you play these South by Southwest things that nothing ever happens . Sometimes it does . You 've got to be skilled at your instrument , but it takes a little luck . You just never know , it might happen , " said drummer Billy Potts . Though dominated by music , SXSW also features a robust film festival and an innovative interactive gala , where techies from around the country showcase their latest software , gadgets and gaming technology . This year the film festival had 57 world premieres , 133 features and 127 short films screened , many of which fulfill SXSW 's primary role of providing a platform for indie films and documentaries . Whereas the big studio movies have seen a boost in sales during the recession , the economic crisis has crippled many foundations that provide the funds for independent documentaries . Indeed , New York 's Tribeca Film Festival announced last week that it would be making cuts to its line-up because of economic conditions . But producer Erin Essenmacher , whose film "  Mine " premiered at SXSW and took home the documentary audience award , remains confident about the entertainment industry 's future . "  I hate to say things are recession-proof because I do n't even know what that means anymore , but there 's always going to be a need for content , whether it 's on the Web or on TV , " she said . "  And as the economy gets worse , I think people want that outlet . "	SXSW is major music and film festival in Austin , Texas Festival is showcase for hundreds of artists hoping to move up to next rung With challenges to music business , executives trying to keep major labels relevant Some see festival as shot for local , unsigned bands ; they resent big boys there
Cairo  CNN  At least 12 people were killed Sunday , and more injured , in separate attacks on a police station , a checkpoint and along a highway in Egypt 's northern Sinai , authorities said . Six people , including one civilian , were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in Al-Arish , capital of North Sinai , Health Ministry spokesman Hossam Abdel-Ghafar told Ahram Online . He said 40 people were injured . Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis , an ISIS affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack , which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed . In that earlier attack , a first lieutenant , a sergeant and four conscripts were killed when their armored vehicle was attacked on the highway from Al-Arish to Sheikh Zuweid in northern Sinai , the military said . Two other soldiers were injured and taken to a military hospital . Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis has claimed many attacks against the army and police in Sinai . A third attack Sunday on a checkpoint in Rafah left three security personnel injured , after unknown assailants opened fire at them , according to state media . The attacks come as the military announced a reshuffle of several senior military positions , state media reported . Among those being replaced are the generals in charge of military intelligence and Egypt 's second field army , which is spearheading the battle against the insurgents in the northern Sinai . Egypt 's army has been fighting a decade-long militant Islamist insurgency , which has spiked since the ouster of Muslim Brotherhood president Mohamed Morsy in the summer of 2013 . Hundreds of police and soldiers , as well as civilians , have been killed in militant attacks in the past months . Ian Lee reported from Cairo . Anas Hamdan reported from Atlanta .	Six people , including one civilian , are killed when a car bomb explodes near a police station Six others are killed when their armored vehicle is attacked on a highway in northern Sinai Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis , an ISIS affiliate , claims responsibility
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The end is coming for radio and TV icon Casey Kasem . He 's suffering from dementia and bedsores , and his body is shutting down at a hospital in Washington state , court documents say . On Wednesday , a Los Angeles County judge gave daughter Kerri Kasem the authority to have doctors end his infusions of water , food and medicine . The ruling reinstates the 82-year-old 's end-of-life health directive . Kasem 's doctor concluded that continuing the artificial nutrition and hydration would only "  at best prolong the dying process for him and will certainly add suffering to an already terribly uncomfortable dying process , " said Kerri Kasem 's lawyer , Troy Martin . "  The court 's decision today upheld our father 's explicit wishes as expressed by him in his health directive , " Kerri Kasem said in a statement after the hearing . She was referring to a directive her father signed in 2007 , saying he would not want to be kept alive if it "  would result in a mere biological existence , devoid of cognitive function , with no reasonable hope for normal functioning . " Steve Haney , an attorney for Kasem 's second wife , Jean , slammed the judge 's decision , calling it "  the functional equivalent of a death sentence . " "  Nobody wants Mr. Kasem to die , " Martin said . "  The fact is that he is dying from sepsis and dementia . " Casey Kasem 's family feud What 's next ? Now that Kerri Kasem can order doctors to withhold water , food and medicine from her father , will she ? She has before . Over the weekend , infusions were stopped , but they were reinstated Monday after a request by Jean Kasem and under the order of Judge Daniel Murphy -- the same judge who reversed himself and restored the authority to Kerri Kasem on Wednesday . Judge orders Casey Kasem 's water , food , medications restored The family has made no announcement about his care . Family feud The public battle over Casey Kasem -- which has always been emotional and sometimes bizarre -- began in October 2013 , when daughters Julie and Kerri led a protest outside Kasem 's Los Angeles mansion , holding signs demanding that their stepmother let them see their ailing father . Kerri Kasem told reporters that Jean Kasem had kept them away for the previous three months and that she was worried about her father 's health . Kasem 's family battling over ailing host "  I do n't get it , I do n't understand it , " she told CNN . "  He has Parkinson 's , and all the research we 've done indicates socialization would help him . " About a dozen people who said they were friends of Kasem joined the daughters in the sign-waving demonstration at the entrance to the Kasem estate . "  Let Casey see his kids , " one sign read . His younger brother , Mouner Kasem , flew to Los Angeles from Michigan to hold a sign that read : "  I miss my brother . " "  He ca n't really speak , but he knows we 're there , " Kerri Kasem told a TV reporter covering the protest . "  And last time we saw him , he could shuffle a little bit . He had a hard , very hard , time walking . He was just deteriorating due to Parkinson 's disease . " Kasem 's kids take stepmom to court Daughter Julie Kasem and her husband , a cardiologist , filed a petition in court days later asking a judge to give them control of Kasem 's medical care . Los Angeles County Superior Judge Lesley Green appointed an investigator to report on Kasem 's condition . The judge ruled in November that he was being well cared for by his wife and denied the daughter 's request for a medical conservatorship . But that changed recently . Murphy temporarily expanded Kerri Kasem 's powers over her ailing father at a May 24 hearing . The judge also said that the famed radio countdown host "  can not travel anywhere without a court order and until the doctor examines him and gives him clearance for a journey , " a court spokeswoman said . Earlier in the month , Jean Kasem moved her husband to Washington state from Southern California without notifying the rest of the family . Jean Kasem again faced off with her stepchildren in a Kitsap County court on May 30 , a hearing that ended with Kerri Kasem getting a judge 's approval to visit her father for an hour . The judge also gave Kerri Kasem authority to take him to a doctor . Reaching for the stars The dispute is about love , Kerri and Julie Kasem said . Jean , his wife of 33 years , argued it 's about Kasem 's fortune , built over four decades of radio and television voice work . Kasem 's voice counted down the "  American Top 40 " hits each week for nearly four decades in a radio show heard around the world . He voiced the cartoon character Shaggy on "  Scooby-Doo " cartoons for 40 years . He was the voice of the NBC television network for years . He narrated thousands of radio and television commercials during his career . He divorced his first wife when his daughters and son were young . He was remarried in 1980 to Jean , a 26-year-old actress best known for a recurring role on TV 's "  Cheers " series . The couple have a daughter together , Liberty Kasem , now a 24-year-old aspiring singer . Kasem became the world 's best-known radio host as his syndicated shows grew in popularity and distribution through the 1970s and 1980s . His famous signoff was "  Keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars . " He finally handed off his duties to Ryan Seacrest in 2004 . He retired from hosting and voice work in 2009 , two years after a doctor diagnosed him with Parkinson 's disease , a diagnosis that was later changed to Lewy body dementia , which has no cure , according to court documents . Planning for the end After Kasem was told he had Parkinson 's in 2007 , he signed a document giving his oldest children authority to make his medical decisions if he should become unable to do so himself . The power of attorney statement signed by Kasem on November 11 , 2007 , included a declaration that he did not want to be kept alive with "  any form of life sustaining procedures , including nutrition and hydration " if it "  would result in a mere biological existence , devoid of cognitive function , with no reasonable hope of normal functioning . " This document , which snubbed Kasem 's wife , set the stage for the legal battle that would erupt six years later as his health deteriorated and his children accused their stepmother of shutting them out of their father 's life . It would serve as a legal basis for his daughter to have doctors discontinue infusions of water , food and medicine . Judge finds wife taking good care of Kasem Preparing to say goodbye All of Kasem 's children , his brother and his wife gathered at St. Anthony 's Hospital on Friday , preparing to say goodbye . Kasem "  wo n't be with us much longer , " said Danny Deraney , the rep for Kerri Kasem . Despite their bitter squabble , Kerri Kasem said the children from his first marriage wanted their stepmother and half-sister to be with them as it seemed his last moments were nearing . "  If he opens his eyes , I want my dad just once to see everyone standing around him , putting our differences aside and let him know how much he is loved by everyone , including Jean and Liberty , " she said . "  For the last 11 days , our father has been surrounded day and night by love and care by his daughters Kerri and Julie , his son Mike , his brother Mouner and sister-in-law Mary , and his dear friend Gonzalo Venecia , " Kerri 's rep said in a statement to CNN Wednesday . "  We continue to hope that Jean and Liberty will come join his family during this time . " Kasem 's children hope family will put aside dispute in his last moments CNN 's Jane Caffrey , Matthew Carey and Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Judge reverses course , gives daughter authority to end Kasem 's water , food , medicine Attorney for Kasem 's wife calls the judge 's ruling "  a death sentence " Radio icon is critically ill as family battles for control of medical decisions His daughter says the fight is about love , but his wife says it 's over money
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Strong winds and rough waves Sunday dimmed hopes of rescuing 46 South Korean sailors as search efforts entered their second day following the Friday night sinking of their navy ship off the North Korean coast . South Korean rescuers continued to scour the Yellow Sea on Sunday for the missing sailors from the patrol ship Cheonan , according to the Yonhap News Agency . "  We are hoping to be able to go underwater today , " a military official said , according to Yonhap . The news agency said that military divers failed Saturday to reach the sunken vessel . The ship was carrying 104 sailors , 58 of whom have been rescued . No bodies or survivors have been found in the sea . No cause has been determined for the ship 's sinking , although Yonhap has quoted military officials as saying that an unidentified explosion tore a hole in the ship 's rear , shutting off the engine and sinking the ship in fewer than three hours . After visiting the site , Defense Minister Kim Tae-young told the media Saturday that the vessel appears "  to have been split into half . " However , he said making predictions "  is meaningless . ... Please bear with us . " A photograph released to media showed a section of the ship 's hull still above water , raising hopes that the sailors could be alive . The navy plans to salvage the sunken vessel to determine what caused the incident , Yonhap reported . It was carrying missiles and torpedoes , Yonhap reported , quoting navy officials . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has ordered a "  quick and thorough " investigation into what caused the ship to sink , keeping in mind "  all possibilities , " his office said , according to Yonhap . President Lee met with security officials on Sunday , but the government did not offer new information on the missing sailors . Families of the missing sailors stormed the Pyeongtaek naval base south of Seoul on Saturday afternoon demanding information . Given Baengyeong island 's proximity to North Korea , North Korean involvement was feared , but South Korean officials have played down that scenario . And U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday that there was no evidence North Korea was behind the incident . Baengnyeong residents had reported hearing gunfire at sea shortly after the Cheonan sank . South Korean officials later confirmed that one of their ships had fired on a radar contact that turned out to be a flock of birds . Presidential spokeswoman Kim Eun-hye told reporters there were "  no unusual signs " of North Korean activity near the scene . North Korean state media remains silent on the issue . Baengnyeong , a Seoul-administered island , lies on the Northern Limit Line  NLL  , the maritime border between the two states which North Korea disputes and which covers rich crab fishing grounds . The NLL was the scene of fatal naval skirmishes in 1999 and 2002 . The two Koreas also exchanged naval gunfire in 2004 and 2009 . In recent months , North Korea has been firing coastal artillery into the waters near the island , and shells had been fired earlier Friday , according to news reports . In 2003 , a salvage operation to lift a capsized patrol boat -- a vessel much smaller than the 1,200 ton Cheonan -- took 17 days . That patrol vessel was capsized after a gunfight with North Korean naval units . Journalist Andrew Salmon contributed to this report	NEW : Families of the missing sailors stormed a naval base south of Seoul on Saturday Strong winds and rough waves Sunday dimmed hopes of rescuing 46 sailors South Korean officials have played down possible North Korean involvement NEW : Defense Minister : Vessel appears "  to have been split in half "
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan has slapped new restrictions on green tea and plums from areas around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant because of lingering radioactive contamination from the ongoing disaster there . The latest government bans were prompted by the discovery of radioactive cesium-137 and -134 at concentrations higher than Japanese standards allow , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Thursday . Both are nuclear waste products : cesium-137 has a half-life of 30 years , while cesium-134 has a two-year half-life . The government has now forbidden the shipment of both fresh and dried green tea -- normally touted for its health benefits -- from Ibaraki Prefecture , southwest of the plant ; from six towns in Chiba Prefecture and six towns in Kanagawa Prefecture , near Tokyo ; and two in Fukushima Prefecture , where the crippled plant is located . In addition , Edano said , the government has banned the shipment of plums from three towns in Fukushima . The moves come nearly three months into the crisis at Fukushima Daiichi , the worst nuclear accident since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . One of three operating reactors at the plant melted down after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , and the other two suffered extensive damage to their radioactive cores . Though no deaths have been attributed to the accident , the resulting contamination has forced authorities to evacuate more than 100,000 people from towns surrounding the plant . In addition , restrictions on various agricultural and fisheries products have devastated Japanese farmers and fishermen since the disaster began , though some of those bans have been lifted in recent weeks . The plant 's owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Co. , has laid out a timetable for restoring normal cooling systems and fully shutting down the reactors by January . But Prime Minister Naoto Kan cautioned that people may not be allowed to return home immediately , "  even if these prospects are realized . " "  We might have to continue monitoring , and we need to maybe decontaminate , " said Kan , whose government survived a no-confidence vote Thursday spurred by complaints about his handling of the twin crises . "  And for that , there may be some more time needed . " The disaster has spurred Japan to rethink its commitment to nuclear energy and tighten safety standards for existing plants . A preliminary report from the International Atomic Energy Agency concluded this week that Japan underestimated the risks its nuclear installations faced from tsunamis , like the one that swamped the Fukushima Daiichi plant and knocked out its cooling systems . But the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency declared the country 's response to the disaster "  exemplary , " praising Tokyo Electric 's operators for their "  brave and sometimes novel " efforts to contain the crisis . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Radioactive cesium levels prompt new action by Japan Green tea , plums are among the latest bans Tokyo Electric hopes to wind down the crisis by January
CNN  -- World leaders rushed to congratulate President-elect Barack Obama as incumbent George W. Bush called his win "  a testament to hard work , optimism and faith in the enduring promise of our nation . " Kenya declared a national holiday for Obama 's White House victory . Speaking from the White House , Bush said the people had chosen a president "  whose journey represents a triumph of the American story . " He said : "  It will be a stirring sight to watch President Obama , his wife , Michelle and their beautiful girls step through the doors of the White House . "  I know millions of Americans will be overcome with pride at this inspiring moment that so many have waited for for so long . " Watch the speech from President Bush " Across the globe , people in city squares and villages , living rooms and shacks cheered his success , boosting hopes that America 's first black commander-in-chief might herald a more conciliatory approach to the rest of the world . Leading the congratulations by world leaders , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was excited about the prospect of working with the new U.S. president . "  I know Barack Obama and we share many values , " he said . "  And I look forward to working extremely closely with him in the coming months and years . " Watch as Brown hails ` friend of Britain ' " German Chancellor Angela Merkel also offered her congratulations and said she would work with Obama to deal with the challenges facing the world . "  I 'm convinced that through a close and trusting cooperation between the United States and Europe we will be able to confront new risks and challenges in a decisive manner and will be able to take advantage of the numerous opportunities that are opening up in our world , " Merkel said . Obama met both Brown and Merkel over the summer while on an international trip through Europe and the Middle East and held a huge rally in Berlin that revived memories of President John F. Kennedy 's 1963 visit . Chinese President Hu Jintao offered similar congratulations , urging Obama to join China in shouldering "  important common responsibilities . " "  I look forward to endeavor together with you , " he said . "  To push the Sino-U.S. constructive and cooperative relations to a new level , in order to better benefit our two peoples and the peoples of the world . " In Kenya , Obama 's extended family danced in his ancestral village of Kogelo , chanting , "  Barack Obama , Barack Obama is going to the White House . " Obama 's grandmother , half-brother and relatives eagerly watched the election results , while in the capital Nairobi , revelers marched and danced through the streets to sirens and whistles , singing Obama 's name and carrying and waving American flags . Blog from Kogelo , Kenya Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki called Obama 's election "  a momentous day not only in the history of the United States of America , but also for us in Kenya . The victory of Senator Obama is our own victory because of his roots here in Kenya . As a country , we are full of pride for his success . " Watch celebrations in Kenya " U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said : "  On a personal note , as an African-American , I am especially proud because this is a country that 's been through long journey in overcoming wounds , and making race not the factor in our lives . " Her predecessor , another African-American , Colin Powell said he wept as he watched Obama deliver his victory speech in Chicago 's Grant Park . Powell , in an interview with CNN in Hong Kong , said he believed Obama had the potential to be a great president and asked Americans -- including Republicans -- to get behind Obama . Watch as Powell describes his reaction " Powell , a retired U.S. general and a Republican , was once seen as a possible presidential candidate himself but endorsed Obama towards the end of the campaign . "  Obama displayed a steadiness . Showed intellectual vigor . He has a definitive way of doing business that will do us well , " Powell said Wednesday . In Jakarta , Indonesia , where Obama lived with his mother and stepfather in the late 1960s , hundreds of students at his old elementary school poured into the playground and danced in the rain , some chanting "  Obama ! Obama ! " The Associated Press reported . In a Japanese town bearing Obama 's name , jubilation took a few minutes to translate from the group of American teachers to the local crowd , which also cheered "  O-ba-ma ! " CNN 's Kyung Lah reported . Watch reaction in Japan and China " Financial markets in Asia closed higher Wednesday as traders were hopeful that Obama could successfully tackle the global economic crisis . But in Europe the major markets closed down about 2 percent and U.S. markets closed about 4.5 percent down . Read what Obama must do to tackle crisis Amid unprecedented turmoil in the financial markets , Wall Street is desperate for an end to the uncertainty that has built up over the two-year campaign . At an election party in Paris , French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde highlighted the financial crisis as Obama 's priority when he takes office . She told CNN 's Jim Bittermann she expected the president-elect to be "  clearly involved " in the upcoming financial summit being hosted by Bush . Watch Lagarde discuss priorities for the U.S. president-elect " In an open letter to Obama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Obama 's election raised in France , in Europe and around the world "  an immense hope " and that the American people "  had expressed with force their faith in progress and the future . " Afghan president Hamid Karzai said the American people have taken "  themselves ... and the rest of the world into a new era , the era where race , color and ethnicity ... will also disappear as a factor in politics in the rest of the world . " Iraqi President Jalal Talabani said : "  We look forward to relations between our two countries that witness , during your rule , further consolidation and development in all different fields , based on a firm contractual ground , common interests and similar values . " Watch reaction from Iraq , Afghanistan " In addition to the global financial crisis , Obama 's challenges include Iran 's nuclear ambitions , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and relations with Syria -- challenges the Middle Eastern media have dubbed "  the hot files . " Iran 's Deputy Parliament Speaker Mohammad Hossein Abutorabifard offered a mild note of optimism to traditionally thorny relations between his country and Washington . Watch as Iran awaits Obama " "  If the United States takes into consideration the realities of the world and chooses suitable policies , America can play its  proper  role in the relations between the United States and the countries of the region and the world of Islam , " he said . Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said : "  We have no doubt that that the special relations between the two nations will continue and strengthen during the Obama administration . " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev congratulated Obama on his victory and said he was hoping for constructive dialogue with the incoming U.S. president but also highlighted differences between the two countries , including the missile defense plan . Russia expresses hope for a new relationship " In Russia , Pravda newspaper was ecstatic , announcing that "  Eight years of hell are over . " It criticized the cost of the "  grand American soap opera " during a time of economic crisis . Watch how world 's media covered the election " Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	President Bush : Obama victory represents a triumph of the American story World leaders congratulate Barack Obama on winning U.S. presidential election Most stocks rise in Asia as Obama win seen positively ; markets fall in Europe Kenyan President Kibaki calls Obama victory "  our own victory "
CNN  -- Serena Williams fended off a stirring fightback from Agnieszka Radwanska to win her fifth Wimbledon singles title with a 6-1 5-7 6-2 victory Saturday . It was the 30-year-old American 's 14th grand slam crown and her first since winning at the All England Club in 2010 , but Poland 's Radwanska made her fight every inch of the way . Suffering from a respiratory problem and trailing after a one-sided first set , Radwanska recovered from a break down in the second to give Williams a real Centre Court scare . After leveling at one set all , Radwanska took a 2-1 lead in the decider before Williams romped to victory with a run of five straight games . She celebrated by climbing into the players ' box to embrace her sister Venus and other close connections including her physiotherapist Esther Lee . Williams spent almost a year on the sidelines , being struck by first injury then serious illness after being laid low by dangerous blood clots . Historic victories , crushing defeats at Wimbledon A visibly emotional Williams showed how much victory meant to her in her post-match interview . "  I ca n't describe it . I almost did n't make it a few years ago . I was in hospital and I thought I 'd never be here again , so this makes it so worth it , " she said . "  It 's all the sweeter . I was so down but you never give up . You have to continue , " she added . Williams has capped her steady return to the top with an emphatic performance on the grass courts , particularly since the quarterfinals where she dispatched reigning champion Petra Kvitova . A semifinal win over Victoria Azarenka of the Belarus took Williams into the final , but Azarenka will have the consolation of going to the top of the new world rankings Monday . Radwanska will rise to number two off the back of her fine run and has enhanced her growing reputation . "  I am very proud to have got to the final . I am still shaking but I tried , it just was n't my day , " the 23-year-old told BBC Sport . "  I have been unlucky here , playing in the wind and the rain , but I still played some great matches . " Williams , who wins $ 1.78 million , is the first woman over 30 to win Wimbledon since Martina Navratilova in 1990 and has now matched the Wimbledon singles tally of her elder sister Venus . They later paired up to win their fifth Wimbledon women 's doubles title , beating Czech duo Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka , 7-5 6-4 . The match finished under the lights just before 2300 local time and set the seal on a triumphant day for Serena . She will now look to do the double again at the London Olympics which begin later this month at Wimbledon . The intervening match on Centre Court saw unseeded pair Britain 's Jonny Marray and Denmark 's Freddie Nielsen beat Sweden 's Robert Lindstedt and Romania 's Horia Tecau 4-6 6-4 7-6 6-7 6-3 in a thrilling men 's doubles final . Marray , 31 , is the first Briton since 1936 to win that title at Wimbledon , an omen perhaps for Andy Murray , who is attempting the same record in terms of years in the men 's singles final against Roger Federer Sunday .	Serena Williams wins fifth Wimbledon crown American beats Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland 6-1 5-7 6-2 Radwanska battles respiratory illness to extend the American Williams sisters claim their fifth doubles title at Wimbledon later
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Three of Michael Jackson 's brothers settled a lawsuit Monday that they filed last week against a company they alleged "  duped " them in a deal to sell replicas of jackets worn by the pop icon . The endorsement of the "  Thriller " and "  Beat It " jackets was the first involving Michael Jackson 's oldest son , Prince , who posed for pictures with his uncles as they autographed the limited-edition jackets last month . "  Marlon , Tito and I created this project as a tribute to our brother Michael and his fans worldwide , and we are very happy that there has been a resolution , " Jackie Jackson said Monday . The brothers ' announcement did n't specify the terms of the settlement . The brothers filed a lawsuit Tuesday alleging the jacket 's marketer bounced a check to them for travel expenses and had failed to pay each of the three brothers the $ 100,000 each for signing the 1,000 leather jackets . "  We spent the last week making sure that everyone is in agreement with this settlement , " Eric Farber , the attorney for the Jackson brothers , said in announcing the settlement . The Jacksons are looking forward to "  a successful partnership " in the future with the company , he said . Steeve Bohbot , owner of Connected Internationals Sales , said he was "  relieved to clear up this misunderstanding . " "  We have such an immense respect for the Jackson brothers and Michael 's legacy and are pleased to have resolved this situation , " he said . The Jackson brothers , who recently reunited onstage for a series of concerts , gathered at West Hollywood 's Bar Marmont on October 29 to sign the jackets . Prince Jackson , who has previously stayed away from commercial endorsements , joined them at the event , but he did not autograph the jackets . Prince Jackson was not involved in the lawsuit since he was not part of the marketing agreement . It was not disclosed how much he was to be paid to attend and pose with the jackets . Michael Jackson debuted the red "  Beat It " and red and black "  Thriller " jackets , designed by Marc Laurent , in 1983 . The Jackson brothers signed 500 of each jacket , which are still on sale for $ 2,350 .	Marlon , Tito , Jackie Jackson resolve their dispute with jacket marketer , attorney says Terms of settlement not disclosed in lawsuit Michael Jackson 's brothers filed Suit : Each brother was to get $ 100,000 for signing 1,000 "  Thriller , " "  Beat It " replica jackets Deal is a "  tribute to our brother , " Jackie Jackson says
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard is searching off the coast of Puerto Rico for a Canadian who witnesses say jumped off a cruise ship Saturday night . The FBI is investigating why Tien Phuoc Nguyen , 26 , jumped overboard while on a cruise with his family , a Coast Guard news release said Sunday . Adventure of the Seas , a Royal Caribbean International cruise ship , was about 15 miles east of Mona Island , Puerto Rico , when Nguyen jumped into the water , the Coast Guard said . A Coast Guard MH-65 Dolphin helicopter and the Coast Guard Cutter Cushing were sent to the area to search late Saturday . The cruise ship , which was sailing to San Juan , immediately turned around to search for the missing passenger , a statement from Royal Caribbean International said . "  A review of the ship 's closed-circuit camera footage observed the guest going overboard , " the cruise line said . "  The location of the ship at the time the guest went overboard was marked on the ship 's Global Positioning System and the ship , along with the Coast Guard , conducted a search for the missing guest . " The cruise to San Juan resumed Sunday morning , leaving the search to the Coast Guard , the statement said . The Adventure of the Seas was near the end of a weeklong cruise that began in San Juan . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	FBI investigates why Tien Phuoc Nguyen , vacationing with family , jumped off cruise ship Adventure of the Seas was about 15 miles east of Mona Island , Puerto Rico Nguyen went overboard near the end of a weeklong cruise
CNN  -- You could say there is only one swing state that really matters in 2012 : Germany . Whether  and how and when  Germany acts to save the euro will exert huge influence over the U.S. economy , too , and thus over the outcome of the presidential election . Next question : How much influence ? Everybody agrees that the troubles in the eurozone hurt the U.S. economy . When your trading partners slump , you slump with them . Everybody agrees that the uncertainty over the future of the euro currency worries U.S. financial markets . If the currency fails , European banks plunge into a crisis that would be a replay of the shock of 2008 . But what remains deeply uncertain is the upside of the equation : How much benefit would the U.S. gain , if Europe did somehow find a solution to the euro problem ? It 's clear that German Chancellor Angela Merkel has the power by saying "  no " to lose the presidency for Barack Obama . Could she win it for him with a "  yes " ? By the trade numbers , faster growth in Europe would seem relatively unimportant to the U.S. economy . Trade accounts for only about a quarter of the U.S. economy , and trade with the entire European Union represents less than a fifth of that one-fifth . Now remember that the European Union includes a number of important countries , such as the United Kingdom , that do not use the euro . And the largest economy in the eurozone , Germany , continues to buy and sell strongly . A fillip to the economies of Spain , Italy and France would be welcome news but hardly decisive to a U.S. economy still recovering from its own financial crisis . Yet trade numbers may understate the story . Here in the U.S. , the raw materials for recovery are all at hand . U.S. corporations are earning record profits . They have accumulated vast reserves of cash . They are investing , and they have begun to hire , too . As Obama likes to note , more people are at work today in the U.S. private sector than on the day he took office .  He does not add that far fewer were at work when the recession began in December 2007 . In aggregate , though , the pace of recovery continues weak . The rocket is lifting off , but it is not achieving escape velocity . Something more is needed ! The program needed to save the euro could provide a piece of that "  something . " To save the euro , Germany will have to agree not only to a financial rescue of other countries ' banks but to a big program to stimulate the German economy , still one of the world 's top five . Somebody has to buy , and with China and India slowing down , Germany -- a much richer country -- would emerge as what the U.S. was in the early 2000s : the world 's consumer of last resort . Over the horizon , we can see the dawn of the next great chapter of U.S. economic expansion : the conversion from coal-fired electricity to a new energy economy based on the exploitation of the vast quantities of natural gas entrapped in U.S. shale formations . Gas emits only about half as much carbon dioxide per unit of energy as coal , so it is more environmentally benign as well as cheap . The conversion process will be a vast undertaking , putting money and people to work . To close the gap from here to there , though , the U.S. needs a jolt . Could a euro rescue administer it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Whether Germany saves the euro is key to 2012 U.S. election He says Merkel has power to ease crisis , boost world economy America 's economy is poised to grow sharply , if uncertainty over euro is eased , he says Frum : Obama 's re-election could hinge on the actions of the German government
London , England  CNN  -- Formula 1 will continue to take place in Britain for the next 17 years after a deal was struck between Silverstone 's owners and the sport 's chief Bernie Ecclestone . Monday 's announcement by the track 's owners means the oldest venue on the F1 calendar keeps its place . Silverstone 's comeback took place despite rival track Donington Park being awarded the contract to host the British Grand Prix from 2010 . However , that circuit lost out after failing to secure the $ 200 million needed to fund redevelopment plans . That had led to fears Ecclestone would look to move the race abroad . Silverstone managing director Richard Phillips told the Press Association : "  We 've always had five-year deals and never been able to get the investment we needed to redevelop . "  But 17 years gives us the ability to invest and move forward . We 've always had the belief the British Grand Prix was an important cornerstone of Formula One but , with Bernie , you 're never quite sure . Phillips described the deal as "  peace in our time " between the circuit 's owners , the British Racing Drivers Club  BRDC  , and Ecclestone . "  The relationship with Formula One Management has been improving , " added Phillips . "  There 's a good working relationship with him now and we do n't have any issues . " Applauding the negotiating team , BRDC president and 1996 F1 world champion Damon Hill told the Press Association : "  It 's not easy to enter into an agreement of this magnitude . It 's a big commitment . "  But the BRDC felt we wanted this relationship to continue , and we were prepared to back the negotiating team , with the level of risk satisfactory for the deal to go ahead . "  This announcement is tremendous news . It really does cement Silverstone as a motor sport venue and is incredibly satisfying for the BRDC to cement its relationship with F1 . "	Formula 1 will continue in Britain after deal between Silverstone and sport 's chief Bernie Ecclestone Announcement by the track 's owners means the oldest race on the F1 calendar keeps its place Donington was to host British Grand Prix from 2010 but failed to secure $ 200 million for redevelopment
Cristiano Ronaldo is in the running to win the FIFA World Player of the Year for a second successive year after being named on a 23-man shortlist for this year 's award . The Portuguese winger , who joined Real Madrid this summer from Manchester United for a world record transfer fee , heads a familiar cast of football 's biggest names ahead of the annual gala in Zurich , Switzerland , on December 21 . Champions League holders Barcelona boast six nominees -- defender Carlos Puyol , midfielders Andres Iniesta and Xavi , and strikers Lionel Messi , Thierry Henry and Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Former Barca star Samuel Eto'o , now playing for Inter Milan , also joins the nominations list . Spain 's La Liga boasts 11 nominees altogether , in addition to the Barcelona contingent there is Valencia 's David Villa , Sevilla 's Luis Fabiano and Real Madrid 's Kaka and Iker Casillas . The English Premier League follows with eight nominees ; England internationals Wayne Rooney , John Terry , Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard are among those up for the award . Nominees list : Michael Ballack  Germany  , Gianluigi Buffon  Italy  , Iker Casillas  Spain  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Portugal  , Diego  Brazil  , Didier Drogba  Ivory Coast  , Michael Essien  Ghana  , Samuel Eto'o  Cameroon  , Steven Gerrard  England  , Thierry Henry  France  , Zlatan Ibrahimovic  Sweden  , Andres Iniesta  Spain  , Kaka  Brazil  , Frank Lampard  England  , Luis Fabiano  Brazil  , Lionel Messi  Argentina  , Carles Puyol  Spain  , Franck Ribery  France  , Wayne Rooney  England  , John Terry  England  , Fernando Torres  Spain  , David Villa  Spain  , Xavi  Spain  .	FIFA announce list of nominations for the World Player of the Year award The annual ceremony takes place in Zurich , Switzerland on December 21 Reigning holder Cristiano Ronaldo of Real Madrid nominated once again
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The late Academy Award-winning composer Maurice Jarre enjoyed a glittering career composing the scores to many classic films . French composer Maurice Jarre wrote scores for films by Hollywood legends like John Huston , Alfred Hitchcock and David Lean . Last month , the 84 year-old who died Sunday gave one of his final interviews to CNN 's The Screening Room , in conversation with fellow composer Alexandre Desplat . Jarre , who died of cancer , worked with many legendary directors , like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston . But it is the French composer 's work with British director David Lean -- the scores to "  Lawrence of Arabia , " "  Dr Zhivago , " and "  A Passage to India , " for which he won three Oscars -- for which he is best remembered . Twice Oscar-nominated French composer Alexandre Desplat , who has written the scores for Stephen Frears ' 2006 drama "  The Queen , " and last year 's "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " regarded Jarre as an inspiration and an influence . "  Maurice was an immense artist ; an incredible symphonist ; a magician of the melody and a benevolent human being , " Desplat told CNN in tribute to Jarre who he describes as the greatest composer of the last 50 years . Alexandre Desplat : I do n't know if you know , but the path that you traced for us French composers is phenomenal and indispensable . And , of course , love for cinema and theater is something that unites us , because I also wrote a lot for the theater like yourself . Maurice Jarre : The love for cinema , that 's correct . I also had the opportunity to work with real -- to use a common word -- ` giants . ' Volker Schlndorff , Visconti , John Huston ... AD : and Hitchcock ! MJ : Hitchcock . This type of director has disappeared . They no longer exist . AD : One can sense with your work this passion for cinema , and for images -- your complete dedication to images . I think I also have this devotion , in fact , I do n't think , I know , because it 's devoured me since I was an adolescent . There are many composers of whom I know that are film composers by default , simply because it 's a job ; it 's a good occupation . I do n't sense in them that love for images , and that inspiration films has given us . MJ : People who say to me , ` When you write the music for a film do you know whether the film will be a great success ? ' I tell them , ` No , I was mainly concerned about finishing the music in time . ' Sam Spiegel  producer of "  Lawrence of Arabia  once said , ` You have a job like Superman ! ' That was true because I worked day and night . But , at that point , I had no idea I was working on probably one of the best films in the history of cinema . What is your favorite Maurice Jarre movie score ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box AD : This dedication to the cinema is all-encompassing . When one is a composer for films , it 's day and night . One needs to be in great physical condition ! MJ : Oh yes ! -LSB- Jarre puts up fists , as though in a boxing match -RSB- Like an athlete ... AD : I know that like me you must have worked 18 to 20 hours a day because there was no choice . Unless we are directing other people , having people work for us . In this case you 'd probably have to do less . But as we 're , I think , somewhat intelligent , and in love with details and in love with the timbre of the orchestration . MJ : That 's why I was so disappointed that you lost the Oscar -LSB- Desplat was nominated for Best Score in 2006 for Stephen Frears ' "  The Queen . " -RSB- The award is not that important , but it has sentimental value for you , because I respect your work . AD : I hope to one day achieve three Oscars like yourself Maurice . But you have to keep in mind that the rewards for the work are secondary . MJ : I was very disappointed with the people who won the Golden Globe and Oscar for Best Composition last year . For me , it should represent the real best film scores outside of , let 's say , political factors . Watch video : ` Zhivago ' composer dies AD : What 's essential is to have extremely talented directors who listen to you . That 's the best reward , because your talent as a composer can express itself . You can search , you can invent something . With films where the directors are n't so great , it 's much more difficult to write good music . MJ : You know , before I wrote the first electronic score for Peter Weir , for "  Year of Living Dangerously , " nobody wanted to hear about a purely electronic score , but Peter Weir used it in an artistic manner . That 's what was so great . AD : That is , for me , an example because after having done 70 or 80 film scores , I realize it is perhaps time for me to be careful not to repeat myself , and to find a new voice . I think that the path you took in the 1980s ... I find it extremely courageous to abandon the orchestra for electronic music . For me , it 's an incredible example . What was for you , Maurice , the most beautiful experience , or the Oscar which you loved most ? MJ : Of course , it 's the first -LSB- for "  Lawrence of Arabia " in 1963 -RSB- . It 's a sentimental one , because David Lean and I became good friends . With the good directors it was always an interesting experience -- and a difficult one -- because we always had slightly different visions at the outset . But , it always arranged itself . I never really had a ` bust-up ' with a good director . A good director will always find an intellectual understanding . And that 's what was great - I had an opportunity with all these people . I do n't think I can say that I ever worked with a bad director . There were never any real problems ; there were discussions ... a bit of diplomacy here and there .	Oscar-winning composer , Maurice Jarre wrote score for "  Lawrence of Arabia " Jarre talks to CNN 's The Screening Room in one of his final interviews The director who died Sunday also worked with Hitchcock , and John Huston He is in conversation Oscar-nominated composer , Alexandre Desplat
London  CNN  -- In his highly anticipated counterterrorism speech last month , U.S. President Barack Obama publicly acknowledged -- for the first time -- the human toll that drone attacks inflict on Muslim civilians . "  It is a hard fact that U.S. strikes have resulted in civilian casualties , " he admitted , adding , "  These deaths will haunt us . " While he pledged to curtail the use of drone strikes in the future , those words rang hollow when he went on to reaffirm his commitment to the targeted killings because , in his view , any alternative would invite far more civilian casualties . Obama 's drone calculus ignores the CIA 's warning about the continuing "  possibilities of blowback . " Officials in Washington ignore the high-cost ways in which the U.S. "  war on terror " and the use of tactics such as drone strikes fuel the fires of home-grown radicalization in Western societies . This is a rising phenomenon that has not been seriously debated , despite a string of high-profile attacks . While trials have yet to take place , the Woolwich attack in London and the Boston Marathon bombings are suspected to be the latest cases in point . In case after case over the past few years , attackers and would-be attackers have cited the war on terror , first in Iraq and now in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , Somalia and elsewhere as proof that the West is at war with Islam . The presence of Western boots in Muslim lands and the continuing use of drone strikes have triggered a backlash among scores of deluded young Muslims who live in America and Europe , and who come from different educational and class background , including high achievers . What is surprising is that these attackers are not unified by a core set of ideological beliefs , or a belonging to a particular terrorist group , but by a core set of grievances , real or imagined . These are a different set of terrorists , in that they radicalized themselves -- enraged by specific grievances , while also having been integrated into life in Western society . Falling under the influence of militant preachers mostly online , they have internalized the kind of religious-political worldview that justified their taking matters into their own hands -- in short , a license to kill . Instead of trying to dismiss how the manner in which the US "  war on terror " has been waged has motivated these angry , deluded young men to kill , it behooves us to take stock of their voices and to understand the drivers behind this pattern of violent rage . The goal is not to rationalize or justify their murders but to make sense of their violent actions . Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , for example , allegedly left a note claiming responsibility for the April attack , describing it as retribution for U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . The purported message was handwritten on the interior wall of the boat where he hid from authorities , bleeding from gunshot wounds . In the note , Tsarnaev is said to have described the bombing victims as "  collateral damage " : "  When you attack one Muslim , you attack all Muslims , " Tsarnaev wrote . He described his brother Tamerlan , who died in a shootout with police , as a martyr . And after his Times Square bombing attempt , Faisal Shahzad -- who held a master 's degree in business administration and who seemed fully integrated into American life - reportedly told investigators that he acted out of anger over the CIA 's Predator strikes in Pakistan , especially a drone attack that took place while he was visiting the country . Asked later by U.S. District Judge Miriam Cedarbaun whether he was sure he wanted to plead guilty , Shahzad replied that he wanted "  to plead guilty 100 times because unless the United States pulls out of Afghanistan and Iraq , until they stop drone strikes in Somalia , Pakistan and Yemen and stop attacking Muslim lands , we will attack the United States and be out to get them . " Pressed by the judge to explain his motivations , Shahzad answered : "  I consider myself a Mujahedeen and a Muslim soldier , " he said . Asked by Cedarbaum whether he understood that children and other innocents might have been among his victims , Shahzad was unapologetic . "  They do n't see the drones killing children in Afghanistan , " he said . "  It 's a war and I 'm a part of it . " Shahzad is not unique . Najibullah Zazi , who pleaded guilty to plotting to detonate a bomb in the New York subway , is also an example of bottom-up radicalization . Like Shahzad , Zazi told the court that in August 2008 he decided to go with friends to Pakistan to join the Taliban in fighting the United States ' invasion of Afghanistan . He went to the Taliban , not the other way around , and while in Pakistan he was persuaded by al Qaeda operatives to return to America to be a suicide bomber . "  I would sacrifice myself to bring attention to what the United States was doing to civilians in Afghanistan by sacrificing my soul for the sake of saving their souls , " Zazi told the court . Likewise , the Pakistani-born suspect charged in an alleged plot to blow up the Washington subway system in October 2010 came to the FBI 's attention because he had asked people about ways to fight U.S. troops in Afghanistan and Pakistan , according to unsealed court records . Farooque Ahmed , a 34-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen , reportedly hoped to journey to his native country and to fight there . The Taliban and al Qaeda did not recruit him . Ahmed , an engineer with a bachelor 's degree from the City College of New York , was supposedly radicalized by the conflict in Afghanistan-Pakistan . His ultimate goal , according to an FBI affidavit , was "  traveling to Afghanistan to fight and kill Americans . " Similarly , the Sweden suicide bomber , Taimour Abdulwahab al-Abdaly , who blew himself up in Stockholm , studied in Britain and was married with three children . Al-Abdaly 's friends paint a picture of man who enjoyed basketball and a good party , yet who had become increasingly angry over the past few years . His Facebook wall posts give a hint of his gradual radicalization . One shows a blindfolded Iraqi man being taunted and abused by U.S. soldiers . Several more are part of a series on "  Russia war crimes in Chechnya . " According to the New York Times , al-Abdaly sent an audio recording to Swedish authorities minutes before the explosions warning his actions would "  speak for themselves . " "  Now , your children -- daughters and sisters -- will die like our brothers and sisters and children die , " The Times reported . "  As long as you do not end your war against Islam and the insult against the prophet and your stupid support for that pig Vilks "  Sweden has about 500 signals intelligence specialists in the NATO force in Afghanistan  . As a round-up of these violent voices show , home-grown extremism is a phenomenon driven by identity politics , a blowback against what they see as the U.S. "  war on terror " in Muslim countries , a war that kills more civilians than al Qaeda operators . In this sense , the fight disproportionately inflames anti-Western sentiments and creates more terrorists at home . According to a 2006 Pew poll , the U.S. "  War on Terror " is very unpopular among Muslims in Europe , with 83 % of Muslims in Spain opposed , 78 % in France , 77 % in Britain , and 62 % in Germany . Three years later , a survey of British Muslims for the BBC showed that 75 % said it was wrong for the "  West " to intervene militarily in Pakistan and Afghanistan , though a majority of respondents -- 78 % -- said they opposed Taliban attacks against Western troops there . In his national security address , Obama hinted that the U.S. might begin to bring a closure to the "  war on terror " . With al Qaeda 's core now "  on the path to defeat , " he argued , "  this war , like all wars , must end . " Although Obama did not go far enough by suspending drone strikes , his scaling back of the targeted killing and recommitting to closing the prison at Guant  namo Bay , Cuba , are steps in the right direction . The importance of Obama 's speech lies in educating the nation about the diminishing terrorist threat . One would hope that the president would level with Americans about the limits and costs of force in international affairs . Terrorism can not be eradicated by pushing a button , as in drone attacks , or even military intervention that might cause a backlash that spurs more , not less , terrorism . Deescalating the "  war on terror " by halting the questionable use of tactics such as drone attacks might not bring an end to home-grown radicalization . But it could go a long way to deactivating the cultural and religious minefields that entrap disillusioned Muslim teens and spur some of them down a violent path . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz A. Gerges .	President Obama acknowledged -- for first time -- human toll of drone attacks Fawaz Gerges : U.S. "  war on terror " and drone strikes fuel home-grown radicalization Recent attackers unified not by ideology , but core grievances , real or imagined - Gerges Deescalating "  war on terror , he says , could remove sources of disillusionment for Muslim teens
A Guatemalan court convicted a former soldier for his role in a 1982 massacre and sentenced him to more than 6,000 years in prison . Pedro Pimentel Rios is the fifth former soldier convicted of atrocities for the killing of 250 people in the village of Dos Erres during the country 's civil war . Pimentel was extradited from the United States to Guatemala in July 2011 . Relatives of the victims said justice was late , but it finally came . "  By the grace of God I feel quite happy , because really you can see that justice is being done . ... It was an atrocity , what they did , " said Ramiro Osorio , whose parents and siblings were killed in the massacre . Photos : Searching for the ` disappeared ' in Guatemala The evidence presented by the prosecution and the testimonies of the witnesses proved that Pimentel was involved in the killings , Judge Irma Valdez said Monday . He was sentenced to 30 years each for 201 of the Dos Erres killings and another 30 on a charge of crimes against humanity . The former soldier told family members of the victims in court that he was shocked by what happened , but denied involvement in the massacre and argued that Guatemalan authorities were influenced by foreign interests in the case . "  Now a group of liars are graduating , and this trial is the exam , and they passed it . Everything they said was believed , " he said . The judge ruled that Pimentel was part of a special unit known as the Kaibiles , who stormed the village , thinking that residents were hiding left-wing guerrillas . Last year , four other former soldiers -- Carlos Antonio Carias Lopez , Reyes Collin Guali , Daniel Martinez Mendez and Manuel Pop Sun -- were also sentenced to more than 6,000 years in prison for the same massacre . That trial was one of Guatemala 's first against former soldiers who served in the dictatorship era . More than 200,000 people were killed or "  disappeared " between 1966 and 1996 , the United Nations estimates . The organization documented 669 massacres in Guatemala during the nation 's 36-year civil war , which ended in 1996 .	Survivor : "  Justice is being done . ... It was an atrocity , what they did " Pedro Pimentel Rios denies he was involved in the 1982 massacre at Dos Erres He is the fifth former soldier convicted of the killings Some 250 people were killed in the massacre
CNN  -- Marikana lies on South Africa 's platinum belt , where the world 's richest deposits of the metal are located . Together with Russia , South Africa produces 90 % of the world 's platinum demand . The people of Marikana know the land is mineral rich , and last year they demanded a taste of that wealth . In August 2012 thousands of workers at a Marikana mine owned by Lonmin , a London-based firm , went on a wildcat strike , demanding better wages and improved living conditions . 34-year-old Mgcineni Noki was among them . "  All we want is more money , " he told CNN at the time . "  As you can see , we are not fighting , we are just sitting here , waiting for the employer to address our demands so we can go back to work . " But Noki never made it back to work . He and 33 others were gunned down by police in the bloodiest labor dispute in South Africa since the end of apartheid . Police say they acted in self-defense against a mob of protesting miners armed with clubs and machetes . A commission of inquiry was set up to probe the incident , but a year later the inquiry is incomplete and marred by delays . Amnesty International has criticized the South African government for failing to hold those responsible for the massacre responsible . Noel Kututwa , the group 's deputy program director for Africa , said : "  The long-term consequences for the respect and protection of human rights in South Africa will be severe should the South African authorities fail in taking all necessary steps to achieve accountability " . CNN tracked down Noki 's family on South Africa 's Eastern Cape , where most of the dead miners hailed from . The family says they have no choice but to wait and hope that justice will be served -- but in the meantime , they 're preoccupied just trying to survive . Noki 's sister , Nolufefe , said Noki 's five children , wife , siblings , nephew and niece all depended on his pay . He sent $ 200 home every month to ensure they did n't go to bed hungry . "  He was responsible for everything in this household . First our parents died , then our eldest brother , " Nolufefe said . "  He was our last hope " . Now they survive on an $ 80 grant she gets from the government for taking care of her deceased brother 's daughter . Labor unions say the average South African mine worker supports at least eight dependents . Last year many were given hefty pay hikes after the series of strikes in the platinum belt , but as production costs rose , mass retrenchments have followed and poverty is on the rise . Back in Marikana the community is finding it hard to cope with the loss of jobs and loss of life . "  We have seen a series of suicides , " said Chris Molebatsi , a field researcher with the Bench Marks Foundation , a non-profit group that monitors corporate social responsibility in South Africa 's mining sector . At least 10 people who witnessed last year 's massacre have taken their own lives since then , according to the group . Two of them were policemen who were on duty that day . Molebatsi said the appalling living conditions of mining communities in South Africa have been a source of despair for years -- and he believes nothing has changed as a result of the tragedy in Marikana . Lonmin has announced several initiatives aimed at improving its relationship not only with workers but with the communities where they mine . New CEO Ben Magara said the firm has made land available for housing and will build infrastructure and a recreation center with a library . The people of Marikana say they have heard promises like these before . But their anger is not just aimed at the mining company ; the resentment of the government is palpable here . Million of dollars in royalty fees paid by the industry into a government administered banking account have allegedly vanished , and three independent probes have been launched to trace the cash that was meant to improve the lives of mining communities . Meanwhile , violence continues to plague South Africa 's platinum belt . Another 20 people were killed following last year 's massacre , according to labor unions , and experts say the conditions that led to the tragedy still have n't been addressed . "  South Africa changed politically in 1994 , but not economically , " Moeletsi Mbeki , an economic analyst , told CNN . "  The relationships of exploitation that are 350 years old have not changed . " "  We are more likely to have Marikana 's more often , " he continued . "  If you look at the negotiations in the gold mining sector now , they 're demanding 100 %  pay rises  and so on . If they do n't get what they want they will go on strike . The state depends on mining revenue , so it will try to force them back to work , and that is where you will see more violence . " This is a sad and disturbing scenario for a country whose economy was built on and still revolves around the mining sector .	In August 2012 , workers at a Marikana mine demanded better wages and living conditions Thirty four of them were shot by police in South Africa 's bloodiest labor dispute since apartheid A year later , a commission of inquiry set up to probe the incident is incomplete CNN tracked down the family of Mgcineni Noki , 34 , who was killed in the attack
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police in India have charged 63 people with murder in the beating death of a company boss who fired them . Labor minister Oscar Fernandes was criticized for saying Chaudhary 's death was warning to management . The 63 were among 137 people police had rounded up by Wednesday -- two days after a mob of fired employees attacked L.K. Chaudhary , the chief executive of an Italian car parts manufacturing company . The others were charged with disturbing the peace in the Monday incident in Noida , located in the outskirts of the capital New Delhi . More arrests are likely , said R. K. Chaturvedi , the senior superintendent of police in Noida . The former employees of Graziano Transmissioni had gone to meet with company management over their reinstatement , said Noida police Inspector Manoj Pathak . The meeting turned violent , and the mob attacked Chaudhary with iron rods , Pathak said . On Tuesday , India 's labor minister , Oscar Fernandes , drew sharp criticism after he said Chaudhary 's death should serve as a warning to management , according to CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN . "  The workers should be dealt  with  with compassion and should not be pushed so hard that they resort to whatever that had happened in Nodia " CNN-IBN quoted Fernandes as telling reporters . The minister later apologized , telling CNN his comments had been taken out of context . He said the murder of the boss could never be justified . The Italian Embassy said the company had , for several months , been facing "  violent forms of protest by self-proclaimed workers ' representatives . " "  The situation had been repeatedly brought to the attention of the competent Indian authorities , both at central and local level , " it said in a statement . Business groups condemned the killing with the Confederation of Indian Industry calling it "  tragic , unwanted and gory . " "  Such instances of industrial violence can not be a solution to any problem and must not be tolerated , " said Salil Singh , chairman of the group that promotes industrial growth . Meanwhile , authorities sought to appease businesses that police were aggressively investigating the case . "  The legal course will be followed and all culprits brought to book , " Commerce Minister Kamal Nath said . "  This stray tragic occurrence would not be allowed to mar India 's position as an investment-friendly destination . " CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Police in India charge 63 people with murdering company boss who fired them Mob of fired employees attacked chief executive of Italian car parts company India 's labor minister apologizes for saying death is warning to management
CNN  -- Some of golf 's biggest names failed Friday to make the cut at the U.S. Open , victims of the Olympic Club 's unforgiving roughs and slick greens . The departure of such big names as defending champion Rory McIlroy , Bubba Watson and world No. 1 Luke Donald seems to have paved the way for the sport 's biggest star , Tiger Woods . Woods had another solid day Friday , moving to a tie for the lead with Jim Furyk and David Toms . They all ended 1-under through two rounds . Furyk , winner of the 2003 U.S. Open , said he will be ready for the weekend . "  I feel solid and in control so far , " Furyk told reporters . "  I know it 's going to get even ... firmer and faster and even more of a stern test for the weekend . " U.S. Open leaderboard Others struggled on the tree-lined San Francisco golf course despite the near-perfect weather . McIlroy finished 10 over . The 23-year-old Northern Irishman may have sealed his fate on the last hole Friday . McIlroy seemed to have a birdie putt set up nicely to get him to eight over . Instead , he three-putted for a bogey in a shaky performance that had the crowd groaning and McIlroy looking to the sky in frustration . "  You really have to be so precise out there , and if you 're not , you 're going to get punished , " McIlroy told reporters . "  It 's just something that you have to adjust to in this tournament . I was n't able to do that very well this week . " Watson finished at 9 over as he continued to struggle hitting fairways . The grouping of Woods , Phil Mickelson and Watson was billed as the marquee pairing of popular champions , but Woods was the only one who lived up to the billing . Five-time U.S. Open runner-up Mickelson barely made the cut by ending at 7 over . The veteran lefty got a birdie at the end of the round . Also having a disappointing showing was Donald , who wilted on the northern California course , finishing 11 over . Donald said his game was off both Thursday and Friday . "  I think I missed nine putts inside 10 feet yesterday and just could n't get the feel for the greens , the reads , the speed , " the 34-year-old Englishman told reporters . Another crowd favorite missing the cut was 14-year-old Andy Zhang . The Chinese teen , who is the youngest golfer to ever compete in the U.S. Open , was widely followed . He had some good shots both Thursday and Friday but was plagued by stretches of bogeys and double bogeys and ended 17 over . Casey Martin , playing his first major since the U.S. Open at the same venue in 1998 , missed the cut by one shot . He carded 75 to be 9 over along with Watson and 20 other players including major winners Lucas Glover , Y.E. Yang and Louis Oosthuizen . Now a coach , the 40-year-old needs a cart to get around the course due to a birth defect which causes pain in his right leg . He was the first golfer to use a cart in a major 14 years ago , causing controversy and sparking a law suit by the PGA Tour .	Tiger Woods is tied for the lead at the U.S. Open after two rounds Defending champion Rory McIlroy and Masters winner Bubba Watson miss the cut Five-time U.S. Open runner-up Phil Mickelson barely makes it to third round Record-breaking teen also fails to make the weekend rounds
CNN  -- This is a tale of two cities tied together by two tornadoes of the most wicked order , the apocalyptic EF-5 -- and by acts of charity that followed . It demonstrates how one good turn -- or town -- deserves another . First , the town of Tuscaloosa , Alabama , got hit by a twister on April 27 , killing 41 . So , like many others across the country , the residents in and around Joplin , Missouri , dispatched volunteers and relief goods to the Alabama community . Melodie Schultz of Joplin even participated in a fund-raiser . "  I got involved just by seeing that they needed the help in Tuscaloosa , and a friend of mine started just a group of us : ` Joplin Helping Tuscaloosa , Alabama , ' " Schultz told CNN . Pastor Matt Harenza of Carterville Christian Church in Carthage , Missouri , just 16 miles from Joplin , donated manpower to the Tuscaloosa wreckage . "  When the tornado happened in Tuscaloosa , a sister church there in Nashville  Tennessee  called and asked if we could bring our team to Tuscaloosa and help out , " said Harenza . "  So we got our team and got our tools and stuff and went down there to help out . " Then , a month later , fortunes between the Tuscaloosa and Joplin were reversed . The single deadliest U.S. twister since modern record-keeping began in 1950 ripped through Joplin , killing 142 persons . It , too , was an EF-5 . So the people of Tuscaloosa and elsewhere in Alabama returned Joplin 's favor . A truckload of water , diapers , baby food and other relief materials arrived Saturday for the people of Joplin , and the goods were being stored in a warehouse at Harenza 's church because Joplin is too obliterated to house the supplies . The donations were delivered courtesy of the relief group Toomer 's for Tuscaloosa and Ashley Furniture HomeStore of Birmingham , Alabama , said Chris Fields , a spokesman for Toomer 's . "  Sunday afternoon , we saw on the Weather Channel that there was a storm that was about to hit Joplin , and we wondered why we recognized that name so well , " Fields said . "  We realized why we recognized it , " he said . Joplin residents "  sent down a giant truck of aid for the residents of Tuscaloosa , " he said . So , the residents of Tuscaloosa and other parts of Alabama donated enough goods to fill two 53-foot trucks and a 26-foot truck , Fields said . The 26-foot truck , with a Toomer 's banner saying "  Stuff-The-Truck . Joplin , Mo bound , " was eventually diverted to another tornado-wracked community in Arkansas , but the two bigger trucks continued on their mission to provide relief to Joplin , Fields said . Fields was amazed at the outpouring of support for Joplin , with donations arriving by the pickup load , leaving him in tears , he said . "  These people have been through it and they know exactly what to bring , " from flashlights to batteries to baby bottles , Fields said of Tuscaloosa residents ' donations . "  It is part of our healing process to help someone who has been through the exact same thing that we had been through . That 's why so many people stepped up to the plate , " Field said . "  This movement is so large , so many people stepping up as individuals taking care of their neighbors , it 's a beautiful , beautiful thing to happen in this country , " Fields added . For Schultz 's part , she was volunteering for a Tuscaloosa fund-raiser in Joplin on the very day that the tornado ripped through her Missouri town , she said . In dramatic fashion , she raised money by doing mini-photo shoots and managed to do 20 of them before disaster struck Sunday , she said . "  We managed to make it to safety probably five or 10 minutes before the tornado hit , " Schultz said . Tuscaloosa 's mutual humanitarianism moved her , she said . "  They just want to do whatever they can to help us , which is amazing to me . They 've gone through the exact same thing , not even a month ago , and are so willing to send truckloads of food and anything that we need down here , and they 're happy to do it , " Schultz said . "  They 've got our backs , and they 're completely supportive . " Harenza , the pastor , said seeing the truckload of donations from Tuscaloosa was "  an emotional thing . " Similar trucks from around the country arrived in Tuscaloosa during his volunteer efforts there last month , he said . "  You just go , ` Wow , people care about people , ' and this tragedy almost pulls us together as a nation , " Harenza said . Said Fields : "  It 's supernatural what has happened here as far as I 'm concerned . " CNN 's Chris Turner and Emily Robards contributed to this report .	A tornado hits Tuscaloosa , Alabama , in April The residents in and around Joplin , Missouri , provide aid Then the nation 's deadliest twister devastates Joplin in May In a reversal of fortunes , Tuscaloosa sends aid to Joplin
CNN  -- Even as much of Haiti struggles to recover from last year 's devastating earthquake , scientists have found some survivors who are coming back from the edge . Hopping back from the edge , to be precise . An expedition by a conservation team searching for frogs in Haiti 's dwindling forests has turned up six species not seen by scientists in more than two decades . The species ranged from a tiny frog smaller than a coin , to a whistling frog named after Mozart to a hard-to-track frog that has the ability to ` throw ' its voice like a ventriloquist to fool predators . "  It was incredible " , said expedition leader Robin Moore in a press release . "  We went in looking for one missing species and found a treasure trove of others . That , to me , represents a welcome dose of resilience and hope for the people and wildlife of Haiti . " Expedition sponsor Conservation International says that population pressures and environmental degradation have left the island nation with only a tiny percentage of its original pristine forests . "  A common assumption about Haiti is that there is nothing left to save " , said Moore , an amphibian conservation researcher who has been to the island three times . "  That is not entirely true . There are biologically rich pockets intact , despite tremendous environmental pressures . Haiti now has the opportunity to design their reconstruction plans around these pockets , and grow them , so they can more effectively act as natural buffers to climate change and natural disasters . " Moore spent just over a week in the southern Haitian cloud forests , searching through the trees , creeks , and bushes for frogs and other amphibians . In the end , they were able to find examples of just over half of the 49 known frog species in Haiti . That gives them hope that there are more out there , and that part of the overall recovery for the nation needs to include conserving its natural habitats . "  Finding six lost species in these relatively small corners of the country tells us that , despite tremendous human pressures , nature is hanging on in Haiti , " said Moore . "  There is reason to hope . Managed properly , these species and ecosystems can become a source of natural wealth and national pride for the country , that we hope will offer long-term benefits for its people . "	A conservation expedition in Haiti turned up frog species not seen in more than two decades The species include one variety that is smaller than a coin Scientists say the frogs have suffered as Haiti 's forests have dwindled "  Nature is hanging on in Haiti "
CNN Student News  -- February 7 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Egypt  Simi Valley , California  Dallas , Texas Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! We 're back from the weekend with 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines , including why you should n't believe everything you read . First Up : Egypt in Crisis AZUZ : We 're beginning in Egypt where there are some signs that things are slowly getting back to normal . In the capital city of Cairo , some shops and banks are re-opening , and traffic is starting to look like it did before the political protests of the past couple weeks . But there are some changes going on in the country . On Saturday , some key members of the ruling party resigned . And yesterday , Vice President Omar Suleiman met with representatives from groups that have protested against the Egyptian government . They talked about some ideas for how Egypt might move forward , although some of the protesters still out in the streets said the people meeting with Suleiman do n't necessarily represent them . We 've been watching this political unrest in Egypt and other parts of the Middle East . Barbara Starr joins us now to talk about the potential impact that it could have on the American military . BEGIN VIDEO BARBARA STARR , CNN PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT : With unrest now sweeping across Egypt and neighboring countries , new questions about whether it 's a security crisis here at the Pentagon . A quick look at the map tells you how deeply tied the U.S. military is to regimes across the Middle East and Persian Gulf . In Egypt , the U.S. provides around $ 1.3 billion a year in military aid . In return , the U.S. gets vital military air , land and sea access . U.S. warships transit the Suez Canal on their way to and from the Persian Gulf . Loss of the canal could lead to catastrophic delays and a crisis . In Yemen , where President Saleh is facing demonstrations and has already said he wo n't run for re-election , the U.S. has been quietly training Yemeni forces to go after a rising threat from al Qaeda . The U.S. has conducted drone and missile strikes inside Yemen . The question : will a new government cooperate with U.S. counterterrorism efforts ? In Jordan , King Abdullah is facing increasing discontent due to rising prices and unemployment . Jordan remains one of the U.S. 's closest allies in the War on Terror . Jordan 's intelligence services secretly operate against key al Qaeda targets . Jordan has also helped train Iraqi forces , and Jordanian troops serve in Afghanistan . Three key Gulf allies provide other assistance . Qatar is home of the regional headquarters of the U.S. Central Command , which oversees the region and keeps a close eye on Iran . Kuwait is a staging area for U.S. troops moving in and out of Afghanistan and Iraq . And Bahrain is home to the U.S. Fifth Fleet , which patrols the Persian Gulf and pirate-infested waters off Somalia . The U.S. spends billions of dollars in military aid and assistance across the region in return for all of this access . But the question may now be if the social unrest that is emerging leads to regime change , will the new regimes want to do the old business with the U.S. military ? Barbara Starr , CNN , the Pentagon . END VIDEO Unemployment Report AZUZ : The U.S. unemployment rate is down ! That should be good news , but it 's not that simple . During January , the rate dropped from 9.4 percent to 9 percent flat . But some economists ' descriptions of the unemployment report ranged from positive to mysterious to disappointing . One thing most everyone agreed on : the weather played a big role in all of this . All of those snow storms we 've talked about kept people from getting out to look for work and kept a lot of companies from hiring . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Armstrong 's gifted class at Zora Ellis Jr. . High School in Talladega , Alabama ! Who won the 1980 U.S. presidential election ? Was it : A  Ronald Reagan , B  Jimmy Carter , C  George H.W. Bush or D  Gerald Ford ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Ronald Reagan won that election to become the 40th president of the United States . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Reagan Remembered AZUZ : Ronald Reagan was 69 years old when he won that election . The oldest American elected president and during his his 8 years in office , President Reagan had several famous firsts . He appointed the first female justice to the U.S. Supreme Court . He submitted the first trillion dollar budget to Congress . And he was the first U.S. president to address both houses of the British Parliament . Yesterday would have been President Reagan 's 100th birthday . He died in 2004 . A ceremony for the late president yesterday included a wreath-laying at his memorial site and a 21-gun salute . As America remembers Ronald Reagan , Ted Rowlands takes us on a tour of his presidential library in Simi Valley , California . BEGIN VIDEO FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT RONALD REAGAN : Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall . TED ROWLANDS , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Video and sound are a constant feature . Reagan 's movies and speeches are played throughout . JOHN HEUBUSCH , EXECECUTIVE DIRECTOR , REAGAN PRESIDENTIAL FOUNDATION : We have right over here to my right , the very famous debate with President Carter , where he asked the question , "  Are you better off now than you were four years ago ? " ROWLANDS : There 's also a Berlin Wall , with tunnels , an interactive videogame table and an inauguration day exhibit complete with Reagan 's speech on the TelePrompTer . His diaries have been digitized for people to flip through . There 's also an exhibit dealing with the assassination attempt on President Reagan after 70 days in office . As in many presidential libraries , you can see an exact replica of the Oval Office . And Air Force One , the actual plane used by seven U.S. presidents and the one Reagan flew in during his eight years in office . HEUBUSCH : They get to see right where the president sits in the aircraft . They get to see his working quarters . They get to see where the Secret Service would sit , where the traveling press corps sits . They get to touch and feel the airplane . It 's just a great experience . ROWLANDS : An Iran-Contra affair exhibit deals with the low point of the Reagan presidency . Also on display , the letter Reagan wrote , with the audio of him reading it , announcing to the world he had Alzheimer 's . REAGAN : My fellow Americans , I have recently been told that I am one of the millions of Americans who will be afflicted with Alzheimer 's disease . END VIDEO Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The first Super Bowl was played in 1967 . Yep , it 's true ! That game featured a face-off between the Green Bay Packers and Kansas City Chiefs . Super Bowl Ads AZUZ : In Super Bowl XLV yesterday , you saw it , the Packers and the Steelers . You know what happened in the game . We want to talk about the commercials ! Whether you thought these were good or bad , all of them had something in common . They were expensive . The average cost of a 30-second ad in this year 's Super Bowl was three million dollars . One industry that was a big part of yesterday 's ads : car companies . Nine of them paid to run commercials . Some experts think that could be a good sign for the economy . Here 's why : If the companies are willing to spend millions for Super Bowl ads , it might mean they think viewers are willing to go out and buy the cars . And if people are willing to buy big items like that , that could mean people are feeling more confident about the economy . Tree Octopus ? AZUZ : Your teacher tells you about an endangered species : the tree octopus . Your assignment is to go learn more about the animal , and there 's a web site with all the information you need for your report . Only problem ? The entire thing is a hoax ! That really happened . The Department of Education sponsored a study run by researchers at the University of Connecticut . They set up this fake web site about the tree octopus filled with all kinds of facts . None of them true ; there is no such thing as tree octopus . The researchers wanted to see what kind of impact the internet can have on students ' ability to think critically . These were seventh graders . And not only did they accept all the facts on the web site as they were written , after the students were told it was all made up , some of them still refused to believe it was a hoax . Blog Promo AZUZ : I 've never spoken to a student who says he believes everything he 's read on the internet . But this study would suggest that many students actually do ! We want you to visit our blog today and tell us : What can be done to be sure that what you see online is the truth ? CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : Two things I can do : I can run four miles , and I can eat a dozen doughnuts . But not at the same time ! That 's the challenge these folks took on over the weekend . It 's the annual Krispy Kreme Challenge . You run two miles , eat a dozen doughnuts , then run two miles back . And you have to do it all in under one hour . I do n't think you need an excuse to down a dozen doughnuts , but this race does raise money for charity . Goodbye AZUZ : And that kind of thing always makes you feel good , doughnut ? If you can stomach more puns like that one , we 'll hurl some more your way tomorrow . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Though conditions in Egypt remain fluid , some tensions may be easing The U.S. remembers its 40th president on what would 've been his 100th birthday A study suggests many students may not think critically about what they see online Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- It 's the greatest magic trick in the world . This act of wizardry is performed hundreds of millions of times every day with the press of a button , or more increasingly , with a gentle tap of the screen -- and poof , time stops . The magic is photography . Today , we 're taking and uploading more than 200 million images per day via Facebook alone . Our phones have become our recording devices . Or as I like to see it : My camera can also make calls . Smartphones have ushered in a golden age for photography . But disappointingly , much of the conversation has been focused on the device and the use of faux nostalgic filters rather than on how photographers can choose from a wide range of possibilities to be creative . Art photography : When reality is n't good enough We must n't forget -- a magician 's props , like a photographer 's choice of camera , are only part of the illusion created . When the rabbit is pulled from the hat , its color or breed is irrelevant . What 's important is the magician 's ability to artfully make the rabbit appear and ultimately evoke astonishment from the audience . In photography , the equivalent is taking an image that evokes strong feelings , regardless of which device captured the picture or its nostalgic hue . Smartphones have democratized photography , and Instagram , in particular , has given us an unprecedented platform for our snapshots . But instead of marveling at all the choices , there 's some grumbling . Some professionals feel threatened as they see the playing field leveling ; they interpret it as the end of skill and craft in photography . They should have no fear of such a thing . 12 tips to become a better smartphone photographer Photography is rooted in the rich culture of amateurism . What 's happening today is similar to the original proliferation of Kodak 's Brownie camera starting in 1900 . An inexpensive and easy-to-use camera in every hand did n't usher in the end of photography or automatically turn everybody into Richard Avedon . Photo apps wo n't magically give Jane the smartphone photographer a better sense of composition , or lighting , or framing . The apps and filters only change a photo 's look and aesthetic feel . That does n't make it a better photo . If you put lipstick on a pig , it 's still a pig . Photographing with a smartphone For me , photography is my memory . I 've chosen photography to prove that I exist . I see my captured view of the world as my search for meaning . For me , words are often inadequate , so I choose to define my experiences with photographs . This little act of magic does not divorce me -- as the critic Susan Sontag implied in her book , "  On Photography " -- from the here and now . In fact , it deepens my bond to the present moment . An image I take , sprinkled with synthetic nostalgia , tells all : "  I was here and this is what I saw . " The camera phone allows me to offer a small taste of my here and now , on unprecedented levels , to a global audience with astonishing immediacy . Why I use filters The pictures of my childhood had a warmish , faded , slightly out of focus feeling . They are the memory of things past , comfort food for the eyes . It seems natural for me to add the option of nostalgic filters to my photographic process . When we discover an old , faded , cracked and torn image , we handle it with care and respect . Time has honored it with its blessing . My digital images , however , will never see the ravages of time . They 'll always remain , preserved , pristine and forever in their original state , in the perfection of now , without the possibility of the flaws of the past creeping in and eroding it . I want my memories , like the prints of my childhood , to fade , to mix with the ether of all that has come before . Because I know that time can not touch my digital images , I add in the passage of time by using filters . Embracing the present It is all about time . It 's about the time we are losing , and what the future will do to our memories . It 's about the fact that technology can instantaneously compress our collective thoughts and images into binary digits of 1 's and 0 's . We have a sea of images now . On the horizon , I see the forming of a new photographic language . Let 's embrace photography , as it exists now . And let 's continue to find our individual voice , perspectives , stories and style , regardless of the medium . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Koci Hernandez .	Richard Hernandez : Smartphones have ushered in a golden age for photography He says that one can be creative in many ways , including the use of nostalgic filters Hernandez : But some professionals see it as the end of skill and craft in photography He says photo apps wo n't magically turn people into Richard Avedon
CNN  -- A Boonton , New Jersey , man 's plot to have his wife shot to death included having himself shot as well in an attempt to conceal his involvement , New Jersey prosecutors said Friday . Kashif Parvaiz was wounded four times , and his wife , Nazish Noorani , was fatally shot about 11 p.m. Tuesday as the couple pushed a stroller carrying their 3-year-old son , Morris County Prosecutor Robert A. Bianchi said at a news conference . Parvaiz and Antoinette Stephen of Boston , both 26 , have been arrested , charged with murder , conspiracy and unlawful possession of a weapon , Bianchi said . Parvaiz also is charged with hindering apprehension and endangering the welfare of a child . The boy was uninjured , Bianchi said . The fact that Noorani , a Muslim , was killed during the holy month of Ramadan "  made this case especially compelling to us , " he said . According to an affidavit on file with the court , Parvaiz has told police he arranged for Stephen to kill his wife and wound him while the couple was out for a walk . While being treated for his wounds , which were not life-threatening , Parvaiz described the shooters as three men who shouted "  slurs about terrorists " at the couple before fleeing on foot , according to a release from Morris County prosecutors . But within hours of the crime , investigators believed "  it was obvious " the victim 's husband was behind the attack , Bianchi said . Noorani , 27 , had sent text messages to her brother describing escalating hostility and abuse in her marriage , the affidavit says , warning that "  someday u will find me dead but its cuz of kashi ... He wants to kill me . " Bianchi said Stephen was arrested in Boston on Thursday night . On Friday , prosecutors would not characterize the relationship of Parvaiz and Stephen . Bail for Parvaiz is set at $ 1 million while Stephens , awaiting extradition , is being held in lieu of $ 5 million . Attempts to locate an attorney who could speak on behalf of Parvaiz or Stephen were not immediately successful Friday afternoon .	Police say man wounded in his wife 's shooting death was behind the attack The couple was walking with their 3-year-old son at the time of the shooting The man and a Boston woman have been charged with murder and conspiracy
Mashable  -- At least one former Apple exec was n't surprised or sad to hear the news that iOS chief Scott Forstall is leaving the company . Tony Fadell , Apple 's former top hardware designer and the man considered to be the brains behind the iPod , told the BBC in a recent interview that Forstall "  got what he deserved . " Fadell continued , "  I think what happened just a few weeks back was deserved and justified and it happened . " Forstall was an influential figure at Apple for years who oversaw the development of the company 's mobile operating system and was at one point seen as a possible successor to Steve Jobs . His departure was announced last month as part of a larger executive shakeup at the company . Several reports since then have suggested that Forstall did n't get along well with some other key players on the team and angered CEO Tim Cook by refusing to apologize for Apple 's maps application . In the interview , Fadell hints that Forstall was n't exactly a beloved figure at the company probably wo n't be missed much . "  If you read some of the reports , people were cheering in Cupertino when that event happened , " he said . Fadell , who left Apple in 2008 and went on to create the Nest thermostat , went on to argue that Apple and its employees may actually be in a better position now that Forstall is gone . "  I think Apple is in a great space , it has great products and there are amazing people at the company , and those people actually have a chance to have a firm footing now and continue the legacy Steve left , " he said . See the original article on Mashable.com .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple 's former top hardware designer says Apple 's Scott Forstall "  got what he deserved " Forstall 's departure from Apple was announced last month as part of an executive shakeup Tony Fadell made the comments in a recent BBC interview
CNN  -- Scientific evidence shows that the health benefits of circumcising baby boys outweigh the risks , America 's top pediatrics group said Monday . But the "  benefits are not great enough to recommend routine circumcision , " the American Academy of Pediatrics said in a policy statement , and the decision to circumcise should be up to the parents in consultation with the child 's doctor . "  Scientific research shows clearer health benefits to the procedure than had previously been demonstrated , " said the group , which represents 60,000 pediatricians in the United States and Canada . It also said the health benefits are great enough for insurance coverage . A debate has emerged over the practice . Circumcision , the removal of the foreskin from the penis , is a religious rite commonly practiced by Jews and Muslims and is a widely accepted and common medical practice . But staunch critics of the procedure say it is not medically necessary and carries the risk of complications and pain . Why I did n't circumcise my sons "  Scientific research shows clearer health benefits to the procedure than had previously been demonstrated . According to a systematic and critical review of the scientific literature , the health benefits of circumcision include lower risks of acquiring HIV , genital herpes , human papilloma virus and syphilis . Circumcision also lowers the risk of penile cancer over a lifetime ; reduces the risk of cervical cancer in sexual partners , and lowers the risk of urinary tract infections in the first year of life , " the group said . Johns Hopkins University researchers recently concluded that the rates of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases are likely to climb as American parents increasingly leave their baby boys uncircumcised . "  The medical benefits of male circumcision are quite clear , " said Dr. Aaron Tobian , an assistant professor of pathology at Johns Hopkins and lead author of the study published in the Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine . "  But while the medical evidence has been increasingly more positive , male circumcision rates in the U.S. have been decreasing . " Mom : Why I chose circumcision for my boys But such benefits may not trump "  other considerations for individual families . " The study also says the procedure poses rare risks such as "  bleeding and swelling . " "  Although the evidence also is clear that infants experience pain , there are several safe and effective ways to reduce the pain . If the baby is born prematurely , has an illness at birth , or has congenital abnormalities or blood problems , he should not be circumcised immediately , " the AAP said . "  For example , if a condition called hypospadias is present , in which the infant 's urinary opening has not formed normally , your doctor will probably recommend that your baby boy not be circumcised at birth . In fact , circumcision should be performed only on stable , healthy infants . " And the procedure , the AAP said , "  is safest and offers the most health benefits if performed during the newborn period , " it said . Newborn circumcision "  should be performed by trained and competent providers , using sterile techniques and effective pain management , " it said . Dr. Susan Blank , chairwoman of the task force that produced the AAP policy statement and technical report , said it 's ultimately up to the parents . "  Parents are entitled to medically accurate and non-biased information about circumcision , and they should weigh this medical information in the context of their own religious , ethical and cultural beliefs , " Blank said . AAP : Health benefits of circumcision outweigh the risks She said parents should speak to a doctor about benefits and risks and "  discuss who will perform the circumcision . " "  It 's a good idea to have this conversation during pregnancy , and to learn whether your insurance will cover the procedure , so you have time to make the decision , " Blank said . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists has endorsed the policy as well . "  This information will be helpful for obstetricians who are often the medical providers who counsel parents about circumcision , " said Dr. Sabrina Craigo , MD , the college 's liaison to the AAP task force on circumcision . "  We support the idea that parents choosing circumcision should have access to the procedure . " Decline in circumcisions could cost billions	Circumcision is a religious rite for Jews and Muslims The health benefits include lower risks of acquiring HIV The procedure should be performed only on "  stable , healthy " infants , group says Ultimately , parents should decide whether to do the procedure , task force chairwoman says
Jamison Green is an educator , adviser and advocate on transgender issues , and the author of "  Becoming a Visible Man "  Vanderbilt University Press , 2004  . Jamison Green transitioned from female to male just before his 40th birthday . Welcome , Chaz ! Before the word "  transsexual " had been coined in English , an intrepid young person whose family belonged to the British nobility set out to transform herself from female to male . He received a medical school education , obtained hormones -- relatively new substances that were poorly understood at the time , and independently began living as a man in the early 1940s . Eventually , he found a plastic surgeon to help him , and his physical changes were complete by 1949 , but his family rejected him . The British tabloids hounded him . To escape publicity , he was forced to carve out a life for himself virtually alone . He became a Buddhist monk , and died in Tibet in 1962 at the age of 47 . His name was Michael Dillon , and he one of the Western world 's first transsexual people , that is , someone who changes sex and/or gender by medical means . His extensive writings were suppressed and destroyed by his family -- only fragments survive . By 1988 , when I began my transition  just before my 40th birthday  , there was scarcely more information about female-to-male transsexualism available than there was in 1949 . Even in the early 1990s , doctors told transsexual people that we should not socialize together , because people might notice there were things about us that were different from "  normal " people . Many transsexual women were tall and some had broad shoulders , large hands and feet . Most transsexual men were on the short side , and had small hands and feet . It 's one thing if you mix in with other people where there is a lot of physical diversity , but if you congregate with others like you , you may risk discovery . To be discovered as a transsexual person was a horrible fate . And fitting in , being "  normal , " was the goal of treatment , after all . I was convinced that having a "  sex change " was going to be a very straightforward process . I would take the hormones , have some surgery , and then go home and mow my lawn . I expected life to just be ordinary , just the way it was supposed to be . There were a few surprises in store for me , though , not the least of which was that I learned that the fear and shame of being known or discovered to be a transsexual person was probably responsible for a tremendous amount of suffering . I learned that people like me hid themselves from the world , often were under-employed or unemployed , avoided seeing physicians when they were ill , and often expected that they would never have intimate partners . After I began transition , I met more and more transsexual men like myself , and I saw firsthand the fear and shame that limited their lives . These were kind , gentle , thoughtful , serious men , and they did not deserve to live in a state of fear and shame . I knew then that education about who we were , and what our lives were like , would be absolutely necessary to do two things : first to let people like me know we were not alone and we did n't have to be afraid ; and second to let other people know we existed , to make the world safe for us , for our difference and our uniqueness . Like a handful of other trans men in North America , Europe , England , and Japan , I began to do public education , to write about our experience , and to educate legislators and policy makers , helping them change the laws , hoping to ease the suffering of others like ourselves who would follow in our footsteps . And now Chaz Bono announces his transition through his publicist . O , brave new world ! The words are here , some protective laws have been passed , America has learned that it can no longer simply destroy what it does n't understand . Not that some people wo n't try , though . Chaz , here 's hoping your transition from female to male will be effortless , but experience tells me you 're liable to have  at least  a few surprises and inconveniences along the way . Here 's hoping you can maintain the privacy you want , and that you have the ability to experience your transition fully , that you are n't robbed of the experience by the demands of a public life . Your visibility can bring new understanding . Where others of us have run from the spotlight , and still others have been denied a voice by a disinterested public , you have the ear of the media , and you will not be ignored . But do n't be tempted to expose yourself when you 're not ready . Your life must be your own . For me , the goal of transition was not to become "  normal " -- whatever that is -- but to become balanced as myself . It 's a life goal that non-trans people strive for , too , and we all have different paths to get there . My path worked for me ; I hope yours works for you . Good luck , brother ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jamison Green .	Jamison Green began his transition from female to male in 1988 Chastity Bono is transitioning from female to male and will be known as Chaz Green hopes Chastity Bono 's transition will be filled with less heartache than others ' Green says key to easing sex change process is education
CNN  -- Endurance swimmer Diana Nyad was stung by a sea creature for a second time Saturday night and was being treated by doctors , her team said in a blog post , leaving the continuation of her swim in question . The 62-year-old , in transit from Havana to Florida , was stung by some kind of presumed jellyfish , the blog said . "  Her face and eyes and the area around her eyes are affected . She is out of the water and aboard the transom of the Voyager where she is being treated by doctors . It will be up to Diana to decide whether or not to continue to the swim . " The incident was another setback for the athlete , who was stung by Portuguese man o ' war earlier in the day . At 6:30 p.m. , Nyad was 49 miles from Havana . Having passed the 24-hour mark , she was entering a critical time in her quest to cover the 103 miles . "  Tonight , her second night in the open water , may be the most critical , " the team wrote . "  Steve Munatones , the independent observer for the International Swim Federation who is accompanying the expedition , says that swimmers have a much better chance of success if they can make it through the second night . " There was a bit of excitement early Saturday afternoon . An oceanic whitetip shark swam near Nyad , but a diver on her team faced it off and it meandered away . The swimmer improved her performance late Saturday morning after struggling to maintain her usual stroke rate , her support team said . Fortified by chicken soup , Nyad was making good progress until the Saturday evening incident . "  This afternoon -- it is stunning to actually witness -- Diana is swimming stronger and stronger , " one post said . "  Her strokes are up to 50 per minute , she is eating pasta , gobbling bananas , bits of peanut butter sandwiches , along with high-carb & high calorie liquid concoctions . " The going was rough before dawn Saturday , when Nyad had stopped her freestyle stroke and complained that she could n't breathe properly after getting stung . Doctors from the University of Miami gave the swimmer a shot to reduce inflammation , oxygen and other medication , the blog said , and after treading water for an hour Nyad said she felt better . Candace Hogan , a friend who has been on most of Nyad 's swims since 1978 , said she could recover and complete the 100-plus mile marathon , the blog said . The team initially said Nyad had likely been stung by a moon jellyfish but revised that to say it was the more troublesome Portuguese man o ' war . A National Institutes of Health report says an encounter with a Portuguese man o ' war can lead to "  significant systemic reactions " but rarely death . While mild stings generally produce localized pain , severe ones can provoke symptoms ranging from headaches to seizures , delirium , coma and paralysis , as well as breathing problems , cramping and vomiting , the NIH says . Chief handler Bonnie Stoll said on Twitter that Nyad had been "  stung along both arms the side of her body and her face . " Nyad had to clear herself of tentacles , change her swimsuit and put on a shirt for protection after the incident . Another member of Nyad 's support team said the way she handled the setback was a "  testament to her strength . " "  It was scary , " Stoll said . "  But Diana is happy that this happened early while she is still at her strongest . " A safety diver who entered the water to help Nyad was also stung numerous times , her blog said . He received treatment back on one of the flotilla of boats accompanying her . Nyad began her swim just after 6 p.m. Friday from Havana 's Hemingway Marina . The former world champion swimmer expects the swim to take close to 60 hours , which would put her into Florida sometime Monday . Nyad last attempted this swim in early August and had to be pulled from the water after some 60 miles , and almost 29 hours of swimming . She blamed a shoulder injury she suffered early in the journey , and an 11-hour-long asthma attack . Her first Cuba-Florida attempt , back in 1978 , was brought to an end by strong currents and bad weather after almost 42 hours in the water , according to her website . CNN 's Matt Sloane and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	NEW : She is deciding whether she can continue the swim A shark approached the swim area , but swam away This is her third attempt to swim the 100-plus miles from Cuba to Florida Her first attempt , in 1978 , was cut short by bad weather and strong currents
CNN  -- The French National Assembly has just done a huge favor to those elements in the Muslim world that thrive on anti-Westernism . By voting to ban the veil in public places -- a move that brings a draft bill closer to becoming law -- it has transformed a minor social irritant for a section of the French public into a major political issue . In doing so , it is feeding worldwide Muslim resentment against the West almost on par with the occupation of the Palestinian territories and the invasion of Iraq . This act is seen throughout the Muslim world as a deliberate provocation and may bring about equally provocative responses . It is also seen as a clear signal that most French and indeed most Europeans believe that some Islamic social mores , even if practiced only by a very small fringe element of Muslim women , as in this case , are incompatible with European "  values . " It also makes European advocacy of human rights , especially women 's rights , ring hollow by making it clear that in this instance it is used in the service of racism . In short , it bears out the "  clash of civilizations " thesis propagated by the likes of Islamic scholar Bernard Lewis and political scientist Samuel Huntington on the one hand and Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri on the other . The symbolic value of the banning of the veil in France and related attempts to do so in Belgium , Spain , Italy and elsewhere in Europe goes far beyond the immediate impact of such legislation on the lives of a very tiny minority of Muslim women in Europe who choose to cover their faces in public . It comes at a time of increased European antagonism toward Muslim immigrants in their midst , as demonstrated by the increase in popularity of right wing anti-immigrant parties in countries such as the Netherlands and Austria . It also comes in the context of increasing resistance , especially by Germany and France , to Turkey 's membership in the European Union . Turkey is predominantly Muslim . Before the French ban proposal , nothing signified Europe 's fear of "  Islamic contamination " more than the obstacles put in the way of Turkey 's progress to EU membership , especially when contrasted with the incorporation into the EU of former Soviet satellites with questionable democratic traditions and fragile economies . For most politically conscious Muslims , the ban on the veil and the snail 's pace on Turkey 's bid for EU membership , have merged into one mammoth display of European bigotry . It is now clear that many , if not most , European elites , especially the leadership in France and Germany , are engaged -- despite their secular protestations -- in protecting "  Christendom " from both the enemy without  Turkey  and the enemy within  the Muslim immigrants  . Everything else , including talk about the rights of Muslim women , is just rhetoric that nobody in the Muslim world takes seriously . I would like to add to this discussion a post-script in the words of the well-known legal philosopher Martha Nussbaum . According to Nussbaum , a prominent argument in favor of banning the veil or the burqa is that it "  symbolizes the objectification of women  that they are being seen as mere objects  . " The "  glaring flaw in the argument is that society is suffused with symbols of male supremacy that treat women as objects . Sex magazines , nude photos , tight jeans -- all these products , arguably , treat women as objects , as do so many aspects of our media culture . And what about the ` degrading prison ' of plastic surgery ? ... Is n't much of this done in order to conform to a male norm of female beauty that casts women as sex objects ? Proponents of the burqa-ban do not propose to ban all these objectifying practices . " The obvious answer to Nussbaum 's rhetorical question is that none of these latter practices that she lists are remotely connected with Islam . The target of the veil ban is not female objectification and male domination ; it is a product of an irrational but visceral fear of Islam and Muslims in Europe : The Muslims are coming , therefore ban the veil and prevent Turkey from entering the EU . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mohammed Ayoob .	Mohammed Ayoob says French plan to ban veils is gift to those that push anti-Westernism It makes European human rights advocacy hollow by using it in this case for racism , he says Ban is sign that Europe trying to protect "  Christendom " from Muslims Ayoob : Veil-ban is not about women as objects , but about irrational fear of Islam in Europe
CNN  -- After an eight-year hiatus , Buffy is back ! Not really , but for some fans of Sarah Michelle Gellar it 's the closest they can get at this point . The actress made her highly anticipated return to TV on Tuesday night in The CW 's "  Ringer . " Playing ex-stripper Bridget and her wealthy twin sister Siobhan , Gellar 's characters are a far cry from her days as the now-iconic vampire slayer on "  Buffy . " But fans of the late supernatural series agree , they 'd follow the actress just about anywhere : And that includes her new film noir-type soap . Though The CW 's programming tends to skew a bit younger , "  Ringer , " which was originally created with CBS in mind , maintains a more adult quality . Potentially perfect for fans of Joss Whedon 's cult hit , many of whom have likely matured with Gellar , now 34 . "  This is a good way for fans who loved ` Buffy ' to sort of continue on with -LSB- Gellar -RSB- , " Hollywood.com 's TV editor Kelsea Stahler said . "  Because they 're older , I think it can appeal . We do n't need vampires or werewolves or the forbidden love between her and Angel . You already love her . The drama is there . " The anticipation helps , too . Gellar went off the air on a high note after "  Buffy " -- and stayed off . Despite a TV movie , a couple of voiceovers on popular animated series and roles in two film franchises -- "  The Grudge " and "  Scooby-Doo " -- the actress chose to lay low while beginning a family with husband Freddie Prinze Jr. . The pair welcomed their daughter Charlotte in September 2009 . "  The hiatus actually worked wonders for her , " Stahler added . "  A lot of ` Buffy ' fans were teens when ` Buffy ' was first on . They grew up with her -- through ` Cruel Intentions , ' ` The Grudge . ' And when she went off the grid to do her family thing , people started to miss her as opposed to tossing her aside as a has-been . " Like TV bloggers and industry insiders predicted , "  Ringer " reeled in a solid audience for The CW . However , its 2.7 million viewers do n't quite compare to the 3 to 5 million viewers who tuned into The WB-turned-UPN to watch "  Buffy " each week in the late '90s and early 2000s . But TV consumption is a different beast from when Gellar first graced the small screen . Anywhere in the 2 million viewers range is standard for programs on The CW , which spawned from the aforementioned networks . " ` Buffy ' fans are incredibly loyal , " Daniel Malen , the editor of tvaddict.com , said before the show 's premiere , adding , "  They 're 100 % going to watch ` Ringer . ' ... I 'm Sure The CW will be happy with -LSB- Tuesday 's -RSB- numbers . " And Gellar 's involvement is n't just appealing for viewers . Her "  Ringer " co-stars are equally as thrilled to have her aboard . "  When we knew Sarah Michelle was attached , that was the biggest draw to the project -- as much as the brilliant script that we both read , " Ioan Gruffudd , who plays Siobhan 's husband , said at Comic-Con . "  The package was just too attractive to turn down . " And as if "  Buffy " fans were n't enough , throw in fans of "  LOST 's " Nestor Carbonell , who plays FBI agent Victor on the show . "  It 's smart casting , " Stahler said . "  They 've picked people who are really going to bring -LSB- viewers -RSB- along with them . " But , as Malen says , "  It 's easy to get someone to tune in , but people have to enjoy the show . Whether or not the ` Buffy ' fans stick around , we 'll see . " Ryan McFadden , who runs buffyfans.com , said he 's sure it will take some time before he can fully separate Gellar from Buffy in her new roles , but he 's thrilled to welcome her back to TV . Of course , he adds , there is a chance it wo n't live up to "  Buffy . " And Gellar knows it . "  You ca n't top ` Buffy , ' " Gellar , who is also co-executive producer of her new series , told EW prior to "  Ringer 's " debut . "  There 's no reason to try . It lives in that world , so you have to do something that 's interesting for both the audience and for me as an actor . And that 's not necessarily the easiest thing to find after a show like that . " Get more geeky news and musings at the CNN Geek Out blog Perhaps unsurprisingly , "  Ringer " was met with mixed reviews . The Hollywood Reporter is among the many outlets to compare Gellar 's characters to Buffy , noting , " -LSB- Gellar 's performance -RSB- hardly lends confidence that she 's capable of being the cornerstone of such a show . " The consensus of most reviews being , "  give it a few episodes . " A boating scene shared by both of Gellar 's characters attracted a good amount of negative criticism . Stationary clouds and calm water for miles backs the scene , which New York Magazine describes as "  the Sea of Bad Production Values . " "  They might have gotten stuck in the Comically Phony Visual Effects trade wind and been unable to navigate the difficult waters of the Fake Backdrop Strait , " the article states . But , for "  Buffy " fan Kelly Creamer , Gellar can do no wrong . "  I noticed -LSB- the green screen -RSB- a bit , but honestly , it was fine to me , " she said . "  I mean , it did n't look that bad . ... It did n't affect the performance . " It 's just nice to spend time with Gellar again each week , Creamer added . "  It feels like family -- the same kind of comfort . "	Gellar plays ex-stripper Bridget and her wealthy twin sister Siobhan on "  Ringer " A boating scene shared by both of Gellar 's characters attracted negative criticism "  Ringer " reeled in a solid audience for The CW -- 2.7 million viewers
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Singer Chris Brown has recorded a song with his girlfriend , Rihanna , after charges were filed against him for allegedly assaulting her , a source close to the record 's producer , Polow Da Don , said Thursday . A music producer says Rihanna recorded a duet with Chris Brown , who is accused of assaulting her . The source , who did not wish to be named because she was not authorized to speak on the matter , did not have any further details "  My heart goes out to both Chris and Rihanna for what has happened in the past , " Da Don said in a statement . "  They are both great artists to work with , and I wish them well . " The Los Angeles , California , district attorney filed two felony counts against Brown , 19 , last week relating to a February 8 incident in which police said he assaulted Rihanna , 21 . A police statement said the incident began when Rihanna , whose full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty , found a text message on Brown 's cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with , " according to court documents released last week . Brown issued a public apology to his fans last month . "  Words can not begin to express how sorry and saddened I am over what transpired , " he said in a statement released by his spokesman . "  I am seeking the counseling of my pastor , my mother and other loved ones , and I am committed , with God 's help , to emerging a better person . " When Brown made his first appearance in court last Thursday , Rihanna 's lawyer asked the judge not to prohibit him from having contact with her while he faces the charges . Media reports have said the couple has reunited since the alleged incident ; spokespersons for both have neither confirmed nor denied it . Watch some tough love for Rihanna " Brown is due back in court on April 6 for his formal arraignment . If he is convicted , he could face as much as four years and eight months in prison , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . The case has been moved to L.A. County Superior Court Judge Patricia Schnegg who signed the search warrant in the case . Brown 's attorney , Mark Geragos , requested a prearraignment hearing which is scheduled for March 23 in Schnegg 's chambers . Brown is not required to be at the hearing . iReport.com : Chris Brown fans : Share your reaction On Wednesday he withdrew his nominations for two Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards , a spokesman said . Brown , 19 , had been nominated for "  Favorite Song " and "  Favorite Male Singer . " "  Unfortunately , the controversy surrounding the incident last month has shifted the focus from the music to whether he should be allowed to be among those nominated , " the spokesman said in a written statement . "  While Chris would like to speak to his fans directly about this and other issues , pending legal proceedings preclude his doing so at this time . Once the matter before him has been resolved , he intends to do so . "	Music producer says Chris Brown and Rihanna recorded a duet this week Charges have been filed against Brown in an alleged assault against Rihanna Media reports say the couple has reconciled , but neither has confirmed Brown withdrew his nominations for two Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards
CNN  -- On October 20 , 2001 , a concert was held in Madison Square Garden to benefit the victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . On stage were some of the biggest names in show business . In the audience were first responders who had been working around the clock at ground zero . To those watching on television , the most memorable thing about the evening was not the performers on stage . It was the faces of those in the crowd . The firemen . The paramedics . The police officers . They were smiling . They were laughing . Some of them were in tears . For the first time in weeks , it seemed , they had set aside their anguish and were having a good time . By far , though , the emotional high point of the evening came when The Who took the stage toward the end of the night . After opening with "  Who Are You " and following that with "  Baba O'Riley , " the band played "  Wo n't Get Fooled Again . " At that moment , a different mood seemed to take hold across the room . The anguish turned to anger and the remorse turned to resolve . And as Roger Daltrey let out a guttural scream to conclude the song , the crowd , as if one , raised their fists in the air and let out a scream of their own : "  WE WO N'T GET FOOLED AGAIN !! " At that same moment , one could almost picture President Bush watching from the residence at the White House doing the same thing . After all , he was by all accounts briefed less than two months earlier that Osama bin Laden was planning to launch an attack on the United States . If anyone was fooled on 9/11 , it was most assuredly him . And if anyone had reason to vow to never let something like this happen again , it was the one individual who took an oath to keep this nation secure . Three years later , the Brooks and Dunn anthem "  Only in America " would often be cited as the unofficial song of the 2004 Bush re-election campaign . Yet looking back on it now , one could argue that a more appropriate song for the Bush administration was the anthem The Who played that October Saturday night . The song not only defined Bush 's time in office in the years following 9/11 , but also provided a lens through which nearly every policy decision could be viewed . The decision to invade Iraq is a good example . The wisdom of invading this country is still being debated , but the rationale behind the decision to do so was clear : Saddam Hussein claimed he had weapons of mass destruction , and most of the world 's leading intelligence agencies claimed he had them , as well . In light of the fact that he had ignored intelligence reports before 9/11 , it is understandable that Bush did not want to make the same mistake again . Critics say that he overreacted , and in light of the fact that WMDs were never found , they are correct . But as California Sen. Dianne Feinstein recently stated , "  I 'd rather , in the interest of protecting people , overreact rather than underreact . " Feinstein 's statement is notable not because it was aimed at President Bush , but because it was aimed at President Obama . Specifically , it was aimed at the underwhelming response of the Obama administration to the failed attempt to blow up a U.S. passenger jet on Christmas Day . It also points to a larger problem facing the president as he begins his second year in office -- namely , the fact that the failures of 9/11 seem to have been forgotten by his administration and his allies on Capitol Hill . First , members of the intelligence community failed to connect the dots that would have flagged the young Nigerian bomber as a potential terrorist and prevented him from getting on the plane . Then , federal law enforcement officials decided to treat the bomber as a common criminal instead of an enemy combatant , giving greater priority to finding him an attorney than getting to the bottom of this evil plot . The administration now reports the would-be bomber is cooperating and providing useful information . That may be true . But it 's also true that we are engaged in a conflict that can not be litigated . We are fighting a war , not fighting crime . This is why Congress and the president established a military commission process in the years following 9/11 to deal with terrorist threats of this nature . It 's also why Attorney General Eric Holder , in the face of protests by Mayor Michael Bloomberg and other local officials , is backing off plans to prosecute accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammad in a federal court in New York City . To make matters worse , it 's not just the Obama administration that is failing to heed the lessons of 9/11 . The Democratic leadership on Capitol Hill also appears to have forgotten the failures of that day . For example , one of the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission was that Congress streamline committee oversight with regard to homeland security . The reason is simple . In 2007 and 2008 , officials from the Homeland Security Department appeared at more than 370 hearings and gave more than 5,000 briefings to staffers and members from 108 committees . Despite this jurisdictional nightmare , the leadership remains resistant to reform . Hopefully , it wo n't take another 9/11 for the president and his allies to regain their sense of urgency and prepare for another attack . We know it 's coming . According to Dennis Blair , the director of national intelligence , an attack could come in the next six months . Security is being heightened at numerous public events as a result . That includes this weekend 's Super Bowl , where The Who will be performing at halftime . President Obama will no doubt be watching the game . When The Who takes the stage , if he is watching their performance , let 's hope he hears the same message first responders heard during the concert at Madison Square Garden in 2001 . Let 's hope we do n't get fooled again . To view a clip of The Who 's performance at Madison Square Garden on October 20 , 2001 , click here The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lou Zickar .	After 9/11 , Americans were resolved not to fall victim to terrorism again , says Lou Zickar Zickar says a 2001 performance by The Who captured that spirit He says Bush administration ignored warnings before September 11 Zickar : Obama team has not shown zeal to aggressively respond to the threat
Four Palestinian fighters were reported killed in clashes with the Israeli military in Gaza early Friday as the Israelis destroyed what they said were two "  terror tunnels " there . Four fighters with the al Qassam Brigades -- the military wing of Hamas , which controls Gaza -- were killed in the incidents , the militant group 's website said . Israel said five of its soldiers were injured . One of Israel 's targets was a tunnel , discovered on October 7 , that the Israeli military said reached from Gaza into Israel and might have been intended to help Palestinian militants kidnap Israelis . Israeli military engineers early Friday detonated a segment of that tunnel , which it said stretched 1.7 kilometers  1.06 miles  from Gaza into Israel , near Israeli communities . As that happened , Hamas fighters detonated an explosive , injuring five Israeli soldiers , the Israeli military said . Israeli soldiers then opened fire and "  directly hit a terrorist , " it said . That appears to match what the medical service in Gaza said was the death of a man around midnight Thursday or early Friday along the Gaza-Israel border , east of the southern Gaza Strip city of Khan Younis . The man was hit by an Israeli tank shell , said the medical service 's spokesman , Ashraf Qidra . The al Qassam Brigades ' website said that man was one of its fighters . Al Qassam 's Twitter account described the clash as an ambush in which its fighters seriously injured five Israeli soldiers . The Israeli military said it also used aircraft to destroy a second "  terror tunnel " in the southern Gaza Strip on Friday "  following Hamas aggression . " Israel did n't give specifics about the second tunnel . But the al Qassam Brigades said Israeli helicopters and tanks fired on and killed three of its fighters north of Khan Younis . Qidra , the Gaza medical services spokesman , said the bodies of those three were not immediately recovered . Israeli military spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said the mission was imperative to prevent "  future attacks against Israeli civilians . " The first tunnel destroyed , he said , was similar to one that was used to kidnap Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit in June 2006 . His captivity ended five years later , after Israel released more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners . The tunnel discovered on October 7 was the third such tunnel found along the Gaza-Israel security fence in the past year , according to the Israeli military . The Israel Defense Forces said Friday that Hamas ' "  offensive actions against Israel " breached cease-fire arrangements reached after last year 's "  Pillar of Defense " operation . In that November 2012 operation , Israel launched a series of military strikes on Gaza designed to stop constant rocket fire . Eight days of round-the-clock warfare followed between Israel and Hamas . More than 160 Palestinians , many of whom were civilians , were killed . Six Israelis died , including civilians and soldiers . Hundreds were wounded . Friday 's clashes come two days after Israel released 26 Palestinian prisoners , part of an agreement that fueled new peace talks . The Palestinian Prison Authority confirmed that 21 prisoners were released early Wednesday in the West Bank and five others were released in Gaza . The released prisoners were the second of four groups -- roughly 100 prisoners -- expected to be freed in a deal cobbled together by the United States to jump-start stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks .	Israel says it targeted "  terror tunnels , " including at least one going from Gaza to Israel Israeli military says it suspects one was intended to help militants kidnap Israelis Four Palestinian militants were killed in Friday 's incidents , al Qassam Brigades says IDF says Hamas fighters injured four Israeli soldiers during operation to destroy tunnel
CNN  -- Turkish police on Tuesday raided the offices of a Turkish Islamic charity on the border with Syria as part of an operation against the al Qaeda terror organization . Leaders of the charity , known by the acronym IHH , denounced the police investigation , suggesting it was caused by "  Israeli infiltration . " The police operation was "  against aid organizations helping Syria , to try to stop aid , and against the IHH , because it is the largest charity organization in Turkey , " Yasar Kutluay , the IHH 's secretary general , said at a news conference Tuesday . Kutluay went on to call the raid an "  ugly operation " by groups that had been "  infiltrated by Israel . " Turkey purges police force The IHH gained international notoriety in 2010 , when it led a convoy of ships that sought to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza . Israeli commandos launched a botched raid of the IHH-owned passenger ship Mavi Marmara that resulted in the deaths of eight Turks and an American citizen of Turkish descent . The Mavi Marmara raid ruptured relations between Turkey and Israel , two close allies of the U.S. that had previously enjoyed military , economic and intelligence-sharing ties . More recently , the IHH had taken the lead in providing humanitarian assistance across the border to war-ravaged Syria . The organization , which says it does charity work in more than 100 countries , operated soup kitchens and distributed food in camps for displaced people in northern Syria . Its leaders also helped broker the release of Turkish journalists who had been held captive by the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Over the last year , several al Qaeda-linked militias have taken root in opposition-controlled northern Syria . The IHH announced on its official Twitter account that at least one of its employees had been arrested in Tuesday morning 's police raid . Is instability the ` new normal ' for Turkey ?	Turkish police target IHH offices as part of an operation against al Qaeda Leaders of the charity suggest the investigation is the work of "  Israeli infiltration " In 2010 , the IHH led ships that sought to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza More recently , the Turkish charity has provided aid across its border to war-ravaged Syria
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Kanye West 's "  Yeezus Tour " is on hold because of a truck crash that destroyed his huge video screen , his spokesman said Thursday . A custom-made video truss and 60-foot circular LED screen were damaged "  beyond repair " when a tour truck wrecked on the road from Los Angeles to Vancouver , British Columbia , where West was scheduled to perform Thursday night , Gabe Tesoriero said. "  This gear is central to the staging of ` The Yeezus Tour ' and central to the creative vision put forth by Kanye West and his design team at DONDA , " Tesoriero said . It is "  impossible " for West to perform "  until these essential pieces can be re-engineered and refabricated , " he said . "  Kanye West will not compromise on bringing the show , as it was originally envisioned and designed , to his fans . "  Thursday night 's Vancouver performance , Sunday 's concert in Denver and Tuesday 's stop in Minneapolis are the only dates officially postponed for now . The next show on the schedule is Thursday , November 7 , at Chicago 's United Center . A decision will be "  announced shortly " about that one and future dates , the spokesman said . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Kanye 's video truss and 60-foot circular LED screen were damaged "  beyond repair " It 's "  impossible " for West to perform until a new screen is made , spokesman says Shows in Vancouver , Denver and Minneapolis are postponed
CNN  -- Researchers have made an unexpected discovery among the items a member of the Donner Party kept in a carpetbag on the group 's ill-fated journey to California : a military document with Abraham Lincoln 's handwriting on it . Donner Party member James Reed and his family carried muster rolls with Lincoln 's name on them among their treasured heirlooms , the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum said in a statement released Monday . A team of librarians , historians and handwriting experts combined forces to confirm that Lincoln 's writing was on one of the documents , which list Lincoln and volunteer soldiers who fought in the 1832 Black Hawk War . "  We often find documents that detail fascinating stories about Abraham Lincoln 's life and times , but it is rare indeed for the document to have such an intriguing history after it was written , " said Daniel Stowell , director of the Papers of Abraham Lincoln . "  That these documents detail part of Lincoln 's military service and that they accompanied the Donner Party to California makes them doubly significant . " All four of the muster rolls include "  Private Abraham Lincoln " among the list of soldiers . On one of them , experts say two-and-a-half lines are clearly written in Lincoln 's hand . And the documents reveal that Lincoln had a horse worth $ 85 and equipment valued at $ 15 , noting that Lincoln received one tent that was United States property to be returned at the end of his service . The lines Lincoln wrote said : "  Muster Roll of Captain Jacob M. Earleys Company of Mounted Volunteers Mustered out of the service of the United States By order of Brigadier General Atkinson of the United States army on White Water Rivers of Rock River on the 10th day of July 1832 . " The documents are part of the James Frazier Reed Collection at the California State Library . Reed 's name appears just beneath Lincoln 's on the list . He was one of the organizing members of the Donner Party , the group of pioneers known for resorting to cannibalism while enduring a harsh winter in the Sierra Nevada mountains . He likely inherited the papers from the military company 's commander and took them with him when he left Springfield , Illinois , in April 1846 because they were part of his personal history , the Lincoln Presidential Library said . While historians believe the papers accompanied the Donner Party for their entire journey , Reed did not . He was banished from the group after fighting with a teamster and stabbing him to death , Monday 's library statement said . He left the papers with his wife after being expelled from the party , and "  she brought them safely in her bosom to California when helped by the first relief party which went to their assistance , " daughter Martha Jane "  Patty " Reed recalled .	Experts say military list includes Abraham Lincoln 's handwriting The list , from the Black Hawk War , says Lincoln had an $ 85 horse and $ 15 of equipment Historians say an organizing member of the Donner Party carried the documents They are part of a collection at the California State Library
CNN  -- Italy striker Antonio Cassano has apologised for apparent homophobic comments he made in a Euro 2012 press conference . The outspoken striker 's comments came after he was asked about an Italian TV personality 's claim that there are two gay players in the current Italy squad . Cassano is reported to have responded : "  If they 're queer , that 's their problem . I hope there are n't any queers in the national team . " The Milan striker 's comments were largely laughed off at the time , but sparked outrage among gay rights groups . Those reactions prompted an apology on Tuesday , with Cassano issuing a statement which read : "  I 'm sincerely sorry that what I said has sparked controversy and protests from gay associations . "  Homophobia is not a sentiment I feel . I did n't want to offend anyone and I certainly did n't want to call into question anyone 's freedom of sexuality . "  I only said it was n't my problem and I would n't allow myself to judge others . Everyone deserves respect . " Campaign group the Gay Centre in Italy had hit out at Cassano 's original comments , using an Italian slang phrase for doing something stupid that plays on Cassano 's name . "  Cassano says ` cassanate '  stupid things  about gays , showing his arrogance and irresponsibility , " said spokesman Fabrizio Marrazzo in a statement . "  Unifying sport and homophobia gives a dangerous message , especially to the young , " he added . Despite gay sportsmen making public their sexuality in other sports , there are no high-profile gay footballers in Europe 's major leagues . Gay rights groups have called for someone to step forward and make known their sexuality and last year Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer told Bunte magazine : "  Those players who are homosexual should say so . That would take a load off their minds . " Former Nottingham Forest forward Justin Fashanu is the only English footballer to have come out , later in his career . He killed himself in 1998 , aged 37 , after being questioned by police in the United States about an alleged sexual assault on a 17-year-old boy . Another British athlete , former NBA star John Amaechi , came out but only after he had ended his basketball career . Former Wales rugby union international Gareth Thomas came out at the end of his career but said he had not done so earlier as he did not want to be known for his sexuality rather than his sporting prowess .	Italy striker Antonio Cassano apologizes for apparent homophobic comments Cassano quoted as saying : "  I hope there are n't any queers in the national team . " Comments sparked outrage amongst gay rights groups Cassano issues statement , saying : "  Homophobia is not a sentiment I feel . I did n't want to offend anyone . "
Moscow  CNN  -- Among the tens of thousands of people happily enduring the freezing temperatures in Moscow 's Bolotnaya Square is Alexey , an international lawyer . He tells me he 's never protested before . "  I 'm not a political person , " says Alexey , who asked his full name not be used . "  I 'm just a simple Russian citizen . " Alexey says the day after Russia 's parliamentary elections he asked his friends and colleagues who they voted for . Not one said United Russia . "  It was some kind of astonishment for me to understand how a party for whom nobody voted could win the elections , " he says . It was enough to inspire Alexey to protest . His story is not unique . Police estimate 25,000 people gathered in Moscow ; protest organizers told the crowd they thought some 80,000 gathered . There are many in the crowd who until recently chose apathy over politics . But the elections on December 4 changed them . The protesters are demanding an annulment of the election results - which saw Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's United Russia party win 238 seats - and a new vote . Writer Dmitry Glukhovsky says it was the first time he voted . The experience transformed him into another first time protester . "  I decided to try to influence the destiny of my country . I came to the polling station , I cast the ballot and it 's stolen , " Glukhovsky says . Another man in the crowd , Vyacheslav Zhmakin , vents similar feelings . "  I 'm a little bit angry because they told me , ` give us free time to hear our positions ' and so on . And then ` give us your free time to come and vote ' . I see my country does not really need my vote , " Zhmakin says . "  So you want new elections . Do you want anything else ? " I ask . "  Me personally ? No , " he replies . It 's another point often repeated by the protesters -- they do n't want a revolution . Tamara Mamedova and her friends laugh when I use the R-word . "  We just want free elections . And that 's all . We do n't want revolution , " Mamedova says . "  We just want our rights back and that 's all . " But the protest movement of this Russian winter does appear to have one thing in common with the Arab Spring . Social networks played a vital role in mobilizing these educated , middle class people to stand in the snow and demand political change . "  I think without the Internet , without Facebook and without Russian parallel social network services , this would not have been possible , " Glukhovsky says . Many in this crowd are politically inexperienced . None of them is naive . No one here believes this one gathering will convince Prime Minister Putin to annul the vote and hold new elections . But it has inspired hope and the protesters say that 's a profound change . "  I feel one , a union , with all these people , " Mamedova says . "  I believe we can do something . Something really great that can change the whole political situation in Russia . "	Police estimate 25,000 gathered in Moscow to protest recent election results Demonstrators dispute the victory of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's party Protester : ` We just want free elections . And that 's all . We do n't want revolution '
President Barack Obama took veiled shots at governors who are mandating quarantines for health workers returning to the United States after treating Ebola patients Tuesday . But the military -- where the Army has already imposed similar quarantines -- is "  a different situation , " Obama said Tuesday . Without mentioning them by name , Obama criticized New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and others for the quarantines they 've imposed for health workers , saying they "  are n't based on science and best practices " and calling them "  another barrier on somebody who 's already doing really important work on our behalf . " Christie , though , pointed to the discrepancy between how health workers and military members are being treated as he defended himself in an NBC interview Tuesday morning . "  Now six other states have joined us as well , both Republican and Democratic governors . As has the United States military , " Christie said . Obama , though , said he has no problem with members of the military facing different policies than the general public because their service in West Africa , at the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak , is n't voluntary . "  It 's part of their mission that 's been assigned to them by their commanders and ultimately by me , the commander-in-chief , " he told reporters on the White House 's South Lawn on Tuesday . Obama to officials : Do n't react out of ` fears ' of Ebola "  So we do n't expect to have similar rules for our military as we do for civilians , " Obama said . "  They are already , by definition , if they 're in the military under more circumscribed conditions . " Meanwhile , the Pentagon is preparing to announce new policies on whether military members returning from Ebola-related assignments will be monitored or have their travel restricted . Jessica L. Wright , the undersecretary of Defense for personnel and readiness , issued an Oct. 10 memo that said troops who have faced an elevated risk of exposure to Ebola will be quarantined for 21 days -- and that those who have n't faced any known exposure will be monitored for three weeks . Since then , the Army has announced quarantines for all members who return from West Africa . A Pentagon spokeswoman said Tuesday that Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is reviewing the Army 's move and "  will have a decision soon " on whether it will be extended to other branches of the military . Complete coverage on Ebola	Obama criticized governors who are imposing quarantines for health workers But he said the military , which has imposed similar quarantines , is ' a different situation ' New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie questioned the difference Tuesday
CNN  -- This week 's bitter budget showdown in Wisconsin is n't the first time state legislators have fled a state , left a building or refused to show when votes were called . The "  Killer Ds " and the "  Texas 11 , " for example , skedaddled from Texas in 2003 to prevent consideration of a redistricting bill . In 1839 , a young Abraham Lincoln , serving as a Whig in the Illinois House , jumped out of the building in a futile bid to prevent Democrats from getting a quorum to vote on a banks bill . Members of the 1891 Florida Senate went to Georgia in a bid to prevent a quorum for the election of a U.S. senator . And in 1994 , Republican members of the California Assembly refused to show up for floor sessions in an effort to prevent Democrats from electing Willie Brown as speaker with less than a majority vote . The walkout by Democratic senators in Wisconsin , preventing a vote quorum on the contentious budget bill , can be added to a string of what might appear to be extreme actions to make a point . "  We have a very diverse society , " said Karl Kurtz , director of the Trust for Representative Democracy at the National Conference of State Legislatures . "  Legislatures are where public policies are fought out . By nature , it is a messy process . " Kurtz , who posted an item Friday about walkouts on the conference 's Thicket blog , told CNN that "  most states have rules to compel attendance of members . " Republican Gov. Scott Walker said he is trying to address a $ 137 million shortfall in the state budget . He wants public employees to pay more for their benefits , and he wants to eliminate most of their collective bargaining rights . Walker called on 14 Democratic lawmakers to return to the state Capitol to vote on the measure Friday . Most or all of them traveled to neighboring Illinois . "  You ca n't operate a democracy if people do n't show up , " he said . Republican lawmakers asked the governor to send state troopers to look for Democratic Senate leader Mark Miller , but he was not found , CNN affiliate WISC reported Friday . Although he might have the votes to pass the bill in the legislature , the problem for Walker is getting a quorum in the Senate . The defecting lawmakers say they wo n't return until Walker agrees to negotiate with a teachers union on the governor 's proposals to reduce the state 's budget deficit by cutting benefits for its members . They also want language removed from the bill that critics say threatens the existence of all public employee unions in the state . Senate Rule 16 states that "  members of the senate may not be absent from the daily session during the entire day without first obtaining a leave of absence . The leave may be granted at any time by a majority vote of the senate . " It 's hardly new for members of minority parties to find ways to stymie legislation . "  The rules and procedures generally provide that the majority rules , but -LSB- also -RSB- protect minority rights , " said Kurtz , whose duties include public education and outreach . Lawmakers can filibuster in some , but not all , states . They can also utilize certain bill passage requirements and a governor 's veto , said Kurtz , who took no stance on the Wisconsin situation . In most state legislatures , a quorum to do business constitutes a simple majority of the members , Kurtz wrote . But in Indiana , Oregon , Tennessee and Texas , two-thirds of the members make up a quorum , and in Wisconsin , three-fifths of the members are required to act on budget and tax bills , making it easier to thwart a bill . The most famous recent walkout was by Texas Democrats in 2003 , who as the "  Killer Ds " and "  Texas 11 " fled to Oklahoma and New Mexico to deny a quorum on a redistricting measure pushed by Republicans . Bryan Kennedy , president of the Wisconsin chapter of the American Federation of Teachers , called the lawmakers ' decision to skip town "  courageous . " "  The same could be said of the U.S. Senate , " Kennedy told CNN . "  A small minority continues to constantly filibuster every piece of legislation and bring that body to standstill . We do n't have a filibuster here in Wisconsin . "  The only thing these brave senators could do was to leave the state so that they could not be forced or compelled to bring a quorum to the body , " Kennedy said . "  They stood up for worker rights . " But Walker called on the absent lawmakers to return "  out of respect for the institution of the legislature and the democratic process . " Kurtz says the conference helps to make legislators and legislatures share ideas and be more effective . "  The public looks at legislatures , and all they see is bickering , which has a negative connotation , " he said . "  Negotiation and compromise are essential in a democratic society . "	Governor ca n't get a quorum in Wisconsin Senate to vote on a budget bill 14 Democrats say they wo n't return until governor negotiates with teachers union Other states have seen legislative walkouts
Aleppo , Syria  CNN  -- In a small village outside of Aleppo where we are hunkered down for the night , our host apologizes profusely . He does n't have enough blankets for us and it 's bitterly cold . He and his family were forced to flee their home in the city to their unfurnished , humble residence in the countryside with nothing but the clothes they could carry . He spent 25,000 Syrian pounds -- around $ 300 -- to pay a truck driver just to bring out the bedroom furniture and a TV from their Aleppo home . He could n't afford another run . Syrian family hides from attacks in underground ` prison ' We went to stay with his brother , who was also full of apologies because he could n't offer us tea . The power was out and there was no cooking gas . In the dark , we chatted about the situation in Aleppo , Syria 's largest city . There , airstrikes have transformed buildings into heaps of rubble , and most of the city is now under rebel control . Many Aleppo residents fled when the fighting began , finding themselves crowded into relatives ' homes or in refugee camps as winter set in . The bitter cold and financial hardships brought them back . Others , like this family , returned only to retrieve some belongings and then quickly left again . In Aleppo , the battle lines are fluid and , in some neighborhoods , snipers are a constant danger . Where the fighting has subsided , there are other threats . "  The incredible cost of living is causing a lot of problems , " our host 's brother told us . "  Criminality has gone up significantly . Each day we are catching thieves , even young boys . People are hungry and cold . " Syrian refugees face brutal cold in Lebanon The cost of a canister of cooking gas in this village jumped from 450 pounds to 3,500 -- from about $ 5 to $ 45 -- and that 's when it 's available . "  If the situation does n't improve soon , people are going to start tearing each other apart , " he laments . Skyrocketing food prices and shortages mean some Syrian children are eating only one small meal a day , if that . Residents in one Aleppo neighborhood have taken matters into their own hands , collecting money to buy food for the neediest -- but it 's never enough . Children elbow and shove each other , the smaller ones trying to wiggle through for a ladleful of cracked wheat cooked in a huge vat in the middle of the street by the neighborhood volunteers . Amid the chaos , little hands try desperately to grab small bags of hummus passing overhead . A block away , residents clamor for bread . Fatme waited in line for three hours . She had fled Aleppo with her family , and returned a month ago when they thought it might be safe . They were wrong . Her husband was wounded by shrapnel in an explosion shortly afterward . "  Of course I am afraid , " Fatme said . "  But what can I do ? Are my children not going to eat ? " Across the city , what were once staples are now luxuries . A child carries away two bowls with the burnt remains of the cracked wheat . It 's all too much for one of the volunteers , Abu Abdo . "  Until when are we going to live like this ? " he cries . "  Look , people are eating burnt food ! " NATO chief echoes warning over chemical weapons Everywhere in Aleppo , there is evidence that the fighting has taken a heavy toll on the most vulnerable . Close to the bombed-out Dar el-Shifa hospital -- once the city 's main field clinic , now a pile of debris -- families pick their way through rubble . Some stop and peer up at what is left , expressions of shock and deep sorrow etched across their faces . Few are able to comprehend what has become their reality . Hamza , 14 , gathers with other children near a massive crater filled with grimy water from a burst water main , exploded in a blast a few days before . His parents sent him to fill a container with water after an airstrike cut off their supply . He speaks softly , his arm in a sling . "  I was wounded in a strike in the village we fled to , " he says simply . Gunfire rings out on the streets of Sakhour , an Aleppo neighborhood that regime forces hope to retake so they can cut off a main artery for opposition forces and reopen a route to Aleppo 's airport . Amid the street fighting , a group of women invite me into a house , venting their frustrations and anger . "  We know freedom has a price , but how long can we keep on living like this ? " one woman asks . Another tells of how her roof caved in from an explosion . "  Each time I hear one , I look up and expect to die . " Syria shut down Internet , security firm says She and her family moved around three times before they ran out of money . "  At least if there was work , anything , it would be a little easier , " she says . For many children here , gunfire has become background noise . Khawle , 12 , sits on the sidewalk , cradling a neighbor 's infant daughter . She does n't move or stop talking as the gunfire intensifies , simply hugging the baby and rocking back and forth . Others flinch at the sound of each pop and blast of weapons . Every time Saleh Hadidi leaves his house , his 4-year-old daugher clutches his leg and begs him not to go . Metal rods protrude from his bandaged arm , a bullet wound he sustained at a government checkpoint that he says was meant for his daughter . "  She was sitting in the front  of the car  when the gunfire started and I put my arm around her , " he recalled . "  She was drenched in my blood , and the soldiers were screaming , accusing me of being a rebel fighter . They held a gun to my head three , four times and she was screaming , ` Daddy ! ' " The girl flinches and clasps her hands , looking away as her father recounts that day . As we leave a woman whispers to me , "  Sometimes I want to die rather than live like this . " Journalist Ammar Cheikhomar contributed to this report .	Rebel forces control most of Aleppo , Syria 's largest city There is still sporadic fighting there Some residents have returned , others have only retrieved their belongings Food is in short supply and , as a result , prices have skyrocketed
CNN  -- Kenya 's national football team may not have made it to the World Cup Finals in Brazil -- but one man will be there for his African nation . Stepping into the role of representing Kenya is Aden Marwa , the country 's first linesman to officiate at the beautiful game 's biggest event . "  Football is my life , football has made my life change a big deal , " Marwa tells CNN . Like many a young boy , Marwa became obsessed with football , often walking vast distances so he could get to a TV to watch a match . Yet despite his passion for the game , he wanted nothing to do with refereeing and for good reason . "  Those times it was hard because a match would hardly finish without a referee being beaten , " he explains . "  The fans were rowdy and you know , the facilities were not very good . " "  You were playing in open fields so the referee could be attacked anytime so when I could see that as a young boy , I did n't love it . So I was scared . " However , by the time Marwa became a linesman in 1998 at the age of 21 , the game had changed dramatically as more resources and education had been funneled into the sport . "  Once you decide you want to become a football referee there are three pillars . One is your medical fitness , two is your physical fitness and then three , the technical fitness , so these can not be compromised . " By 2006 , the ambitious referee got his big break refereeing a game in the Kenyan Premier League before making his international debut as an assistant referee for FIFA just two years later . Today he holds the accolade of "  best assistant referee " in the Kenyan Premier League and his talent has taken him to sun-kissed shores of South America for the 2014 World Cup , where he has been performing as a reserve assistant referee . The 37-year-old knows this will be the biggest test of his career so far and is prepared to have the eyes of millions of football fans scrutinizing his every decision . "  Referees have to make decisions in the shortest time possible . I see it once but you , on TV , will see it and see a replay and you can even pause with technology and even review , " he says . "  As a referee I only have one angle to look at that ... so the challenge that we have as referees , the biggest one , is how to place yourself at the right position and the right moment to make that very important , crucial decision . " Check out the video below to find out how Marwa prepared for his greatest moment to date and earned his dream job officiating at this year 's World Cup .	Aden Marwa is Kenya 's first linesman to officiate at a World Cup He reveals the levels of fitness referees must have in order to officiate at the highest level When not on the pitch , he can often be focuses on technical training , match analysis "  Football is my life , football has made my life change a big deal , " he tells CNN
CNN  -- Colombian authorities have captured the leader of a criminal group that once worked for Pablo Escobar , a police spokesman said Wednesday . The arrest of John Ericson Vargas Cardona was announced by Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , who called it a "  big blow against criminality . " Vargas Cardona , alias "  Sebastian , " is the leader of a group called the Oficina de Envigado , once affiliated with the kingpin Escobar and now a drug trafficking organization in its own right . He was captured Wednesday morning by an elite group of police in the department of Antioquia , in northwest Colombia , police said . Santos ' official Twitter account proclaimed it a "  triple jump against this criminal organization and gold medal for the police . " According to InSight Crime , a Colombia - and U.S.-based research and investigation outfit that monitors criminal groups , the Oficina de Envigado , named after a small city in the Medellin metropolitan area , are the inheritors of Escobar 's drug trafficking empire . Today , the group is "  a hodgepodge of smaller organizations that seeks alliances with street gangs to keep control of their territory and businesses , " according to an InSight Crime profile of the group . "  It is in near constant flux . " It is one of two rival groups fighting a turf war in Medellin that has seen violence in the area rise . In 2011 , when a U.S. investigation led to charges against 20 people linked to the cartel , a U.S. attorney referred to the Oficina de Envigado as "  one of the largest and most dangerous drug cartels in Colombia . " In July , a man who served as security chief for former President Alvaro Uribe turned himself in to U.S. agents in Colombia to face drug trafficking charges in the United States . Mauricio Santoyo Velascois accused of accepting bribes from a paramilitary group , as well as the Oficina de Envigado . Journalist Toby Muse contributed to this report .	Colombian police captured John Ericson Vargas Cardona , alias "  Sebastian " He is the leader of the Oficina de Envigado The group got its start working for Pablo Escobar
CNN  We will not know for some time exactly why three men who were arrested on Wednesday in the United States wanted to join ISIS in Syria . But what we do know is that it has become common , even routine , to argue that there exists a process by which potential terrorists become "  radicalized . " The concept , which has become something of a buzzword , suggests that the central motivation for terrorist violence is ideological . However , Islamist terrorists in the West have generally been set off not so much by anything theoretical but rather by intense outrage at American and Israeli actions in the Middle East and by a burning desire to seek revenge , to get back , to defend , and/or to make a violent statement expressing their hostility to what they see as a war on Islam . This can be seen in the story of one of the shooters in the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris . If he was "  radicalized " by anything , it was by news about the way prisoners were being treated by the United States at Abu Ghraib in Iraq . He spent years trying to get to Iraq to fight the Americans there , finally finding a target closer to home . The same observation arises when one looks over a collection of case studies of terrorists or would-be terrorists who have sought to do damage in the United States . The overwhelming driving force in these cases has been simmering , and more commonly boiling , outrage at American foreign policy . It was not that the plotters in these cases were motivated solely by a coherent ideology or had a burning urge to spread Islam and Sharia law or to establish caliphates . Rather , it was the desire to protect their religion against what they perceived to be a concentrated war upon it in the Middle East by the United States government and military . At the same time , these cases -- from the shoe-bomber to the underwear bomber -- show that there is remarkably little hostility to American culture or society . For example , the infamous Times Square bomber , a Pakistani-American who tried to blow up a car in New York , specifically mentioned U.S. drone strikes that killed civilians in Pakistan . The Boston Marathon bombers , similarly , explicitly cited the U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan as motivating factors . Almost none of the terrorists or would be terrorists had any problem with American society itself . This is particularly impressive because many of them  though certainly not all  were misfits , suffered from personal identity crises , were friendless , came from broken homes , were often desperate for money , had difficulty holding jobs , were on drugs , were petty criminals , experienced various forms of discrimination , and were , to use a word that pops up in quite a few of the case studies and fits even more of them , "  losers . " As terrorism specialist and former CIA officer Marc Sageman points out , "  radicalization " principally happens because of perceived injustice against one 's group -- a perspective the Washington Post 's David Ignatius finds "  worth a careful look , " but calls "  contrarian . " The standard "  radicalization " misdirection process can be seen in a Seattle case in 2011 in which two men were picked up for planning to shoot a machine gun and lob grenades at a local military processing center . According to news reports , the perpetrators said that they were motivated by a desire to retaliate for crimes by U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan and that they wanted to kill military personnel to prevent them from going to Islamic lands to kill Muslims . The official Department of Justice press release on the case , however , merely says that the men were "  driven by a violent , extreme ideology . " Similarly a former FBI counterterrorism analyst was asked recently on PBS NewsHour about why people are drawn to violent extremism . He stressed that there are "  ideological issues " as well as "  local grievances " including "  access to education and job opportunities " and whether one feels that one is fully accepted in society . Outrage at American actions in the Middle East scarcely entered the discussion . Speakers at the recent White House summit on countering violent extremism typically found some of the "  root causes " of terrorism to lie in ideology , the ministrations of propagandists , the influence of the Internet , poverty , inadequate job opportunities and alienation from society . Those may well be contributing factors , but perhaps the most prominent motivating force is anger at U.S. foreign policy .	John Mueller : It 's assumed that the central motivation for terrorist violence is ideological He says for those who become radical , boiling outrage at American foreign policy is the driving force
CNN  -- On Saturday , the "  let 's make ourselves feel better " club will convene in Geneva to try to figure out what to do about Syria . The motives of those gathering in Geneva at the invitation of U.N. Special Envoy Kofi Annan -- the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council  United States , France , China , Britain and Russia  , plus Turkey and a number of Arab league members including Iraq and Qatar -- are well-intentioned . Their concern over the continued killing , more than 12,000 dead with thousands more wounded and imprisoned , is understandable . But sadly , the results of the Geneva meeting , even with some added wind at its back  the Turks are madder than ever at Syria for downing a Turkish reconnaissance plane earlier this week  , are not likely to produce much new . The purpose of the meeting is to gain agreement on a new Annan plan for a national unity government and a political transition to stop the conflict . But this is unlikely to work any more effectively than Annan 's earlier six point cease-fire approach . Chances are the conflict in Syria is going to get worse before it gets worse . The core problem is that the options on Syria are all bad , and nobody wants to assume responsibility for a conflict that pits a regime that still has tremendous firepower against an opposition that is growing stronger but still is n't in a position to bring that regime down . There has been too much blood for diplomatic compromise , and military solutions are risky and too uncertain . The other challenge is that the international community is fundamentally divided . Instead of a coalition of the willing and the determined , the group that will gather Saturday resembles a group of the unwilling , the uncooperative and the disabled . Their motives and agendas diverge even while on the surface they all know that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad must go and that the current situation could harm all their interests . Still , the risks of changing the status quo through using force against the regime is still greater than maintaining it . At the meeting , all will express that concern and try to come up with new ways to support and organize the Syrian opposition and pressure the regime . There may even be a notional agreement on the new Annan plan . But here 's what the three main players -- the United States , Russia and Turkey -- are really thinking . United States : The United States is appalled by the violence and would like to do more . But President Obama is really much more focused on domestic issues ; he knows there is no will or stomach for new foreign commitments or for risky military adventures in the wake of Afghanistan and Iraq . The United States fears an open-ended military commitment and wo n't act alone . Nor does it want to see an outcome that leaves elements of the old regime in place . At the same time it has been wary of half-measures : safe zones and arming the Syrian opposition . Washington is too conflicted to lead . The Russians : The fact is Russia 's Vladimir Putin knows al-Assad is done , but he is n't going to let the Americans dictate the outcome as they did in Libya . The Russians have seen all their clients -- Saddam Hussein , Moammar Gadhafi and now al-Assad under pressure -- one way or another removed by the Americans . As a great power , Russia is determined to preserve its influence in Syria ; it sells arms and uses the Syrian port of Tartus as a key naval facility  Russia 's only base outside the former Soviet Union  . Putin also does n't want to see a Saudi-backed Sunni regime in Damascus . He resents the Saudis for supporting Muslims in Chechnya and in the North Caucasus . So he 'll push for a solution that preserves some of the old regime and the Alawi minority , and of course a major Russian role in the outcome Russia is too suspicious to help broker . Turkey : The Turks are angry and embarrassed at the Syrian downing of one of their planes , which made them look weak . But if Ankara really wanted to play a leadership role , it could have used this incident as an excuse to push for military action . There 's no real stomach among the Turkish public for a war with Syria , however . Turkey also is worried about Syrian support for the Kurdish PKK and its own Alevis minority . The fact is unless the refugee flows from Syria to Turkey get a whole lot worse or the killing reaches new levels , Turkey will be very careful about taking too high a profile on Syria . The Turks are too tentative to lead . And so it goes . The contact group in Geneva may show new resolve , issue tough statements and make contingency plans . It could even endorse Annan 's plan for a national unity government . But even if some new measure is announced , the meeting will be marked far more by what 's not said than by what is . The Syrian situation is a tragedy , but it 's a tragedy nobody is yet prepared to take responsibility for . The costs of bringing down the Assads would be considerable , but the price of rebuilding the new Syria will be greater . The Geneva group should start planning . Sooner or later the al-Assad regime will break . And when it does , the international community must be willing to step in with thousands of peacekeepers on the ground and billions in cash to reconstruct and keep the country running . If it does n't , an even greater Syrian tragedy will begin to unfold with a heightened level of violence , sectarian killing and perhaps even the fragmentation of the country . The international community may be too divided to bring down the Assads , but it must gear itself up to be united to avert an even greater catastrophe when they fall . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Aaron Miller : World leaders will meet in Geneva to discuss what to do about Syria conflict He says plan is to agree on plan for unity government , ending violence . Expect little else He says involved powers want al-Assad out , but have different , often conflicting agendas Miller : Al-Assad will inevitably go , powers must prepare to step in with costly help
The Senate Republican 's most senior member is ready to support President Barack Obama 's attorney general nominee , U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch . Orrin Hatch , a high-ranking member of the upper chamber 's judiciary committee , spoke to reporters Tuesday on Capitol Hill about Lynch 's credentials and Republican 's desire to see Eric Holder , the current attorney general , leave office . "  She appears to be a very top-flight person , " he said . "  And if conservatives do want to get rid of the attorney general , this is a good option because she would replace him and do a very a good job . " Holder is one of the more controversial members of the Obama cabinet . Seen as overly partisan by Republicans , the House voted to hold him in contempt of Congress in 2012 for refusing to turn over documents linked to Operation Fast and Furious . The announcement of his resignation in September was welcome by those opponents . Lynch , the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , was nominated by Obama last month to replace Holder , who has served as head of the Justice Department since the beginning of the Obama administration . She 's easily passed through the Senate twice for her nominations as a federal prosecutor . "  I can think of no better public servant to be our next attorney general , " the President said when he nominated Lynch . "  It 's my hope that the Senate will confirm her for a third time without delay . " At 55 years old , she will be the first African-American woman to serve as attorney general if confirmed . Hatch 's support is critical to get through the judiciary committee and the entire Senate , both of which will be controlled by Republicans when Congress resumes next year . He did note that he has n't met with the nominee yet . "  I guess I 'm not important enough , " Hatch , who has chaired the committee multiple times over the past 20 years , joked . Unconcerned she has n't come by yet , he expects to meet with her before her nomination hearings as traditionally done with most committee members . "  I 'm somebody who wants to support the President on these matters , " Hatch said . "  I think probably she feels like she 's had a lot of people she needs to meet with right off the bat . And that 's fine with me . " The senior Republican from Utah has a history of supporting Presidents ' judicial nominees of both parties . He voted for both Democratic Presidents Clinton and Obama 's attorneys general , Janet Reno and Eric Holder . His support for Holder , though , has waned . "  I happen to think the attorney general has not done a great job , but I like him personally a lot , " Hatch said . Presented with the new option , he noted in his amicable , and perhaps slightly eager , tone that Lynch 's nomination "  looks pretty good to me . "	GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch , a longtime Senate Judiciary Committee member , says Obama 's attorney general pick is a "  top-flight person " U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch would replace outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder
CNN  -- It started with balloons . But the latest strife between North and South Korea has n't been resolved , despite a meeting between top military leaders from both countries Wednesday at the Panmunjom border site -- their highest-level talks in seven years . The meeting is just the latest unusual and intriguing move North Korea has taken , heightening a growing mystery about what exactly is going on in the secretive nation . The most recent battle between the uneasy neighbors springs in part from the release of balloons carrying anti-Kim Jong Un messages . Activists from South Korea set the balloons to fly over North Korea , which responded by shooting them down . Then the two sides exchanged fire . At a news conference in Seoul , a spokesman for the South Korean Defense Ministry portrayed Wednesday 's talks as a goodwill measure , even as both sides largely reiterated their positions . "  The meeting today , because there was a strong will to improve ties between the South and North , it was carried out in an earnest atmosphere , " said Kim Min-seok . "  Because this was the first such meeting , positions from each side could not be narrowed down , " Kim said , adding that there was no set date for any further meetings . A missing leader and an overture to the U.N. . The meeting happened this week amid speculation over the whereabouts of Kim Jong Un , who has n't been seen in public since September 3 , when he attended a concert with his wife . On Tuesday , North Korean state media published the first pictures of Kim in more than a month , in an apparent attempt to quash rumors that something may be awry . Some wonder if his absence could mean a power shift is imminent , while others speculate that it might indicate the so-called "  Dear Leader " is ill . Read more : Is Jong Un still in charge ? KCNA reported that in the photos , Kim was seen giving "  field guidance " to a newly built residential district and had visited the Natural Energy Institute of the State Academy of Sciences . Perhaps also to detract from talk about Kim 's whereabouts , North Korean officials made the very rare move of taking questions at the United Nations and coordinating talks about human rights with the European Union . Read more : Why has North Korea decided to talk now ? Their overture to discuss human rights came after a U.N. Commission of Inquiry issued a report detailing abuses in North Korea that investigators said were tantamount to crimes against humanity . The report said Pyongyang leaders commit murder and torture and enslave people and enact sexual violence and mass starvation against its own people to prop up the state . One women held in a prison in North Korea said she gave birth under the grimmest of conditions and when her baby would n't stop crying , she was beaten by a guard as punishment . The woman claims , according to the report , that she was forced to hold her infant under water until it died . North Korean leaders terrorize "  the population into submission , " according to the commission 's findings . The panel said it would refer the findings to the International Criminal Court . The commission also sent a letter to Kim saying that he could be prosecuted for crimes against humanity . Read more : ` Abundant evidence ' of North Korea crimes against humanity From CNN 's Madison Park in Hong Kong and KJ Kwon in Seoul , South Korea	North and South Korea hold their highest-level meeting in seven years Recent tension springs in part from propaganda balloons South activists flew over North A South Korean spokesman described the meeting as a kind of goodwill measure Meeting is latest unusual N. Korea move at a time its leader has n't been seen
In another security lapse at the Brooklyn Bridge , the New York Police Department arrested a man Sunday afternoon after he scaled the historical structure , police said . Security at the bridge was recently heightened after American flags atop the two towers of the bridge were stolen in July and replaced by white flags . The latest security breach occurred Sunday afternoon when a 24-year-old self-described thrill seeker visiting from Russia scaled the bridge and reached the top of one of the towers , where he snapped several photos with his iPhone , a senior law enforcement official said . Yaroslav Kolchin , who was visiting from Moscow , had been staying at a Manhattan hotel when sometime Sunday he decided he wanted to scale the bridge for thrills and take photos , the official said . An NYPD sergeant stationed at the bridge saw someone climb over a security fence and then head toward the top of the span . The sergeant immediately called for additional units , including an NYPD helicopter , to try to get the climber down . Eventually , he came down the bridge on his own without incident , where awaiting officers took him into custody . He faces charges of reckless endangerment , obstructing governmental administration , criminal trespass and disorderly conduct . A pair of German artists claimed responsibility for the July stunt on top of the bridge , saying it was nothing more than an "  art project " meant to deal with "  questions of historical legacy and art in the public sphere . "	Yaroslav Kolchin , who was visiting from Moscow , has been arrested He faces charges of reckless endangerment , criminal trespass and other counts Official says Kolchin reached the top of one of the towers and snapped iPhone pictures In July , two U.S. flags atop the bridge were replaced with white flags
CNN  -- Near Yosemite National Park 's beautiful Mist Trail , a young man lost his footing , slipping close to the edge of a waterfall . A female companion frantically grabbed for him , but stumbled . Another hiker followed and the three were swept over the powerful 317-foot Vernal Fall , joining a deadly trend at the park this year . Authorities at Yosemite National Park are still searching for two of the bodies from that deadly July accident . And others are searching for answers to explain the recent rash of deaths at the national park in California . This year , 16 people have died from incidents at Yosemite , rangers say . That is about twice as usual . While five visitors have died this year from natural causes , the others were accidental and often entirely preventable . Rangers say some visitors take part in dangerous practices such as hiking treacherous trails in flip-flops , or climbing over safety rails to get better pictures or swimming in waters that are perilously close to waterfalls . Witnesses said the three hikers who were swept over the waterfall in July had climbed over a safety rail . "  We do n't station a ranger in every possible dangerous place that 's out there , " said Kari Cobb , a park ranger . "  People have to come here and realize that Yosemite is nature and it is a very wild place . " Bill Ott , a hiker , says he has seen people swimming in dangerous waters . "  We saw a number of people wading just steps from going into the faster water . It 's crazy . Just crazy , " he said . Visitor Tim Timmerman says he has a plan to keep his family safe . "  We are n't worried because we think if you stay where you 're supposed to stay , you 're safe and it 's exciting , " Timmerman said . "  It 'll be a little scary for them but it 's not dangerous if you do what you 're supposed to do , "	This year , 16 people have died at Yosemite National Park That is about twice as usual , rangers say Some visitors to the park take part in dangerous practices , rangers say
CNN  -- Marc Marquez held off a resurgent Valentino Rossi to win his fourth straight MotoGP race since start of the season with first victory Sunday at the Spanish circuit of Jerez . The Repsol Honda rider is the first man since Australian great Mick Doohan in 1992 to win the opening four rounds of the season in motorcycling 's premier class and he was never headed after starting from pole . He had built up a four second lead by lap 12 , but a charging Rossi on his Yamaha had closed up the finish in Andalusia . Seven-time world MotoGP champion Rossi was picking up his second runners-up spot of the season and held off Marquez 's teammate Dani Pedrosa on the final corner . Rossi 's teammate and two-time champion Jorge Lorenzo finished fourth . Defending champion Marquez has a 28-point lead over Pedrosa in the title race after his 36th Grand Prix victory from just 100 starts . "  I 'm really happy , it 's a different kind of victory , " Marquez told the official MotoGP website . "  In the beginning I was able to open a gap and push . I know that Dani and Valentino are so strong at the end of the race so I pushed very hard at the start , " the 21-year-old revealed . Rossi , who was winning his 149th podium finish in MotoGP , was delighted to be a factor again at Jerez , which is one of his favorite circuits . "  Since 2010 I have not been on the podium here , so it 's great to be back , " said the Italian . Earlier , Finland 's Mika Kallio took the Moto2 race ahead of Switzerland 's Dominique Aegerter and Jonas Folger of Germany . Italian Romano Fenati won the Moto3 race ahead of Spanish pair Efren Vazquez and Alex Rins .	Marc Marquez wins Spanish MotoGP at Jerez Fourth straight win for reigning world champion Valentino Rossi finishes in a fine second Marquez leads world title race by 28 points
Egypt 's jailed ex-strongman Hosni Mubarak clung to life Tuesday despite slipping in and out of consciousness , an Interior Ministry spokesman said . The spokesman , Gen. Marwan Mustapha , said Mubarak 's condition had stabilized "  and a number of doctors from the prison authority are monitoring him , " along with physicians from the armed forces . "  He does go in and out of this state of unconsciousness , but new equipment has been installed in the ICU room of the hospital on Saturday to accommodate his fragile situation , " Mustapha said . "  His two sons are beside him , and his wife visited him today . " Mubarak , 84 , was sentenced to life in prison on June 2 for the killing of pro-democracy demonstrators during the 2011 revolt that toppled him . He was already suffering from health problems and attended court on a gurney -- but Mustapha said rumors that Mubarak had died were false . "  The state of weakness and unconsciousness may have been mistaken for a coma by officials who are not fully aware , but indeed his situation is delicate , " he said . "  His high blood pressure is being treated , while heart doctors are managing his irregular heartbeat issues . " More than 800 people died and 6,000 were wounded during the uprising that brought an end to Mubarak 's 29-year rule . The ex-president and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , were convicted of ordering security forces to kill anti-government protesters and could have been sentenced to death . But both were given life terms instead , and other top aides -- as well as Mubarak 's two sons , who had been tried on corruption charges -- were acquitted . The sentences and acquittals provoked howls of outrage both inside and outside the courtroom . Mubarak became president after the in October 1981 assassination of his predecessor , Anwar Sadat . He ruled Egypt with an iron hand as a staunch ally of the United States , which provides about $ 1.3 billion a year in military aid .	Mubarak slips in and out of consciousness but is still alive , a government spokesman says The longtime Egyptian ruler was ousted in a 2011 revolt He was sentenced to life in prison on June 2
CNN  -- The world 's poorest countries could pay 40 percent more for food this year than they did last year because of rising prices , according to a United Nations report released Thursday . Rising food prices have left many people , like this Ugandan boy , unable to afford food and malnourished . In those countries , nearly a billion people are on the brink of malnourishment and , as food prices climb , more at risk of starving . The latest Food Outlook report , compiled by the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization , shows that countries which spend a substantial part of their budgets on food will pay $ 169 billion this year for food imports . That is 40 percent higher than last year and four times higher than in 2000 . "  Food is no longer the cheap commodity that it once was , " FAO Assistant Director-General Hafez Ghanem said . "  Rising food prices are bound to worsen the already unacceptable level of food deprivation suffered by 854 million people . "  We are facing the risk that the number of hungry will increase by many more millions of people . " The FAO lists 82 countries as "  Low-Income Food-Deficit Countries " that can not produce or import enough food to meet their all their population 's needs . More than half of the countries are in Africa . Riots from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt this year over surging food prices brought the issue to a boiling point . The United Nations ' World Food Program and World Bank President Robert Zoellick recently appealed to the international community to donate $ 500 milllion to help meet emergency needs by those hit by the high food and fuel prices . Last month , U.S. President Bush ordered the release of $ 200 million in emergency aid . The money , to be drawn from a food reserve , will address food needs in Africa and elsewhere , the White House said . The United States is the world 's largest provider of food aid , delivering more than $ 2.1 billion in food aid to 78 countries last year , the White House said in a statement . "  This is the world 's big story , " said Jeffrey Sachs , director of Columbia University 's Earth Institute . "  There are riots all over the world in the poor countries . ... Our own poor are feeling it in the United States . " Zoellick has said the rising costs could mean "  seven lost years " in the fight against worldwide poverty . "  While many are worrying about filling their gas tanks , many others around the world are struggling to fill their stomachs , and it is getting more and more difficult every day , " Zoellick said last month in a speech opening meetings with the world 's finance ministers . "  In just two months , " Zoellick said , "  rice prices have skyrocketed to near historical levels , rising by around 75 percent globally and more in some markets , with more likely to come . In Bangladesh , a 2-kilogram bag of rice ... now consumes about half of the daily income of a poor family . " The price of wheat has jumped 120 percent in the past year , he said , meaning that the price of a loaf of bread has more than doubled in places where the poor spend as much as 75 percent of their income on food . "  This is not just about meals forgone today or about increasing social unrest . This is about lost learning potential for children and adults in the future , stunted intellectual and physical growth , " Zoellick said . In the United States and other Western nations , more and more poor families are feeling the pinch . In recent days , presidential candidates have paid increasing attention to the cost of food , often citing it on the stump . The issue is also fueling a rising debate over how much the rising prices can be blamed on ethanol production . The basic argument is that because ethanol comes from corn , the push to replace some traditional fuels with ethanol has created a new demand for corn that has thrown off world food prices . Jean Ziegler , U.N. special rapporteur on the right to food , has called using food crops to create ethanol "  a crime against humanity . " Sachs said , "  We 've been putting our food into the gas tank ; this corn-to-ethanol subsidy which our government is doing really makes little sense . " The ethanol industry rejects the focus on ethanol in examining food prices . "  The contrived food vs. fuel debate has reared its ugly head once again , " the Renewable Fuels Association , which lobbies Congress on the behalf of the industry , said on its Web site , adding that "  numerous statistical analyses have demonstrated that the price of oil -- not corn prices or ethanol production -- has the greatest impact on consumer food prices because it is integral to virtually every phase of food production , from processing to packaging to transportation . " Analysts agree that the cost of fuel is among the reasons for the skyrocketing prices . Another major reason is rising demand , particularly in places in the midst of a population boom , such as China and India . Also , Sachs said , "  climate shocks " are damaging food supply in parts of the world . "  You add it all together : Demand is soaring ; supply has been cut back ; food has been diverted into the gas tank . It 's added up to a price explosion . "	Report : Poor countries will spend $ 169 billion this year on food imports Riots occurring from Haiti to Bangladesh to Egypt over surging food prices Food prices could mean "  seven lost years " in fight against hunger Food Bank official : We struggle with gas , others struggle to fill their stomachs
MOSCOW , Russia  Reuters  -- Russia 's strategic bombers have resumed the Soviet Union 's Cold War practice of flying long-haul missions to areas patrolled by NATO and the United States , generals said on Thursday . A Russian Tu-95 Bear bomber , the type of plane used on long-range sorties into areas patrolled by NATO . A Russian bomber flew over a U.S. military base on the Pacific island of Guam on Wednesday and "  exchanged smiles " with U.S. pilots who had scrambled to track it , said Maj. Gen. Pavel Androsov , head of long-range aviation in the Russian air force . "  It has always been the tradition of our long-range aviation to fly far into the ocean , to meet -LSB- U.S. -RSB- aircraft carriers and greet -LSB- U.S. pilots -RSB- visually , " Androsov told a news conference . "  Yesterday we revived this tradition , and two of our young crews paid a visit to the area of the -LSB- U.S. Pacific Naval Activities -RSB- base of Guam , " he said . President Vladimir Putin has sought to make Russia more assertive in the world . Putin has boosted defense spending and sought to raise morale in the armed forces , which were starved of funding in the chaos that followed the fall of the Soviet Union . Androsov said the sortie by the two turboprop Tu-95MS bombers , from a base near Blagoveshchensk in the Far East , had lasted for 13 hours . The Tu-95 , codenamed "  Bear " by NATO , is Russia 's Cold War icon and may stay in service until 2040 . "  I think the result was good . We met our colleagues -- fighter jet pilots from -LSB- U.S. -RSB- aircraft carriers . We exchanged smiles and returned home , " Androsov said . U.S. officials told CNN , however , that the two bombers came no closer than 100 miles to any U.S. aircraft and no closer than 300 miles to the Navy ships , and that there was no visual contact . Ivan Safranchuk , Moscow office director of the Washington-based World Security Institute , said he saw nothing extraordinary in Moscow sending its bombers around the globe . "  This practice as such never stopped , it was only scaled down because there was less cash available for that , " he said . "  It does n't cost much to flex your muscles ... You can burn fuel flying over your own land or you can do it flying somewhere like Guam , in which case political dividends will be higher . " The bombers give Russia the capability of launching a devastating nuclear strike even if the nuclear arsenals on its own territory are wiped out . During the Cold War , they played elaborate airborne games of cat-and-mouse with Western air forces . Lt. Gen. Igor Khvorov , air force chief of staff , said the West would have to come to terms with Russia asserting its geopolitical presence around the globe . "  But I do n't see anything unusual , this is business as usual ... like it is normal for the U.S. to fly from its continent to Guam or , say , the island of -LSB- Diego -RSB- Garcia , " Khvorov said , referring to a remote Indian Ocean atoll used as a military base by the U.S. On Wednesday , young pilots of strategic bombers passed a series of tests , including missile launches . "  We fired eight cruise missiles , and all hit bull 's eye , " Khvorov said . He said one crew had taken off from Engels in southwestern Russia , hit a target in the north and then flown thousands of kilometers before finally landing in the Far East . Engels is home to Russia 's supersonic Tupolev Tu-160 strategic bombers , in service since 1987 and codenamed "  Blackjack " by NATO while called "  White Swan " by Russian pilots . The generals said under Putin long-range aviation was no longer hindered by a lack of fuel , the aircraft enjoyed better maintenance and the crews much higher wages -- not the least because the Kremlin leader once made a five-hour sortie as part of a "  White Swan " crew . "  The president learned about the pilots ' work the hard way , " Khvorov said . "  This one flight yielded an awful lot . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Russian strategic bombers resume Cold War-style long-haul missions Russian , U.S. crews "  exchanged smiles " as bomber flew over U.S. Pacific base Bombers enable Russia to launch nuke strike even if ground arsenals wiped out
Washington  CNN  -- If all the recent wrangling over the fiscal cliff has revealed anything , it 's how tense and strained President Obama 's relationship is with Republicans in Congress . Borger : Fiscal cliff was bound to collapse And Obama 's relationship with Congress reached yet another low Thursday when House Speaker John Boehner confirmed to CNN that he has told House Republicans he will no longer negotiate legislative deals with the president . And in an opinion piece on Thursday , Sen. John Cornyn of Texas faulted the president for all the fiscal brinksmanship since 2010 . The new No. 2 Senate Republican also suggested that " -LSB- i -RSB- t may be necessary to partially shut down the government in order to secure the long-term fiscal well being of our country . " Low bar for new Congress In the White House 's relationship with Capitol Hill , "  the real negative is clearly that the relationship with House Republicans is as bad as ever , " CNN contributor and Princeton University historian Julian Zelizer said , adding that the House GOP refuses to acknowledge any mandate from Obama after November 's election . "  They are going to fight the president tooth and nail , " Zelizer said , a problem made worse by the fact that Boehner "  is not in control " of House Republicans , particularly the contingent of fiscal conservatives brought to Washington by support from the tea party movement . Zelizer : GOP faces choice -- leadership or gridlock ? CNN contributor Ruben Navarrette Jr. said Obama 's strained relationship with congressional Republicans dates back to the contentious debate over Obama 's signature health care legislation , where the president showed his willingness to push through major proposals and major legislation without consulting them . "  He is so good at the business of politics that he 's really outmaneuvered them , " Navarrette observed about Obama 's relationship with Republicans over the past four years . Navarrette : The real issue is runaway spending The already difficult relationship is n't helped by unique issues on each side . The GOP has been struggling to define itself and its message in tough economic times amidst twin concerns about government spending and income inequality . Zelizer : What the tea party cost the GOP And buoyed by his electoral success in 2008 , legislative successes in the first half of his first term and by winning a second term , Obama adopted a take-it-or-leave-it attitude with Republicans , even as the nation teetered on the edge of the fiscal cliff . "  My preference would have been to solve these problems in the context of a larger agreement , a bigger deal , a grand bargain . But with this Congress , that was obviously a little too much to hope for at this time , " Obama said Monday afternoon at a White House event that at moments seemed like a campaign gathering . At the same event , Obama also warned the GOP about expected battles over spending cuts in the coming months . "  Now , if Republicans think that I will finish the job of deficit reduction through spending cuts alone , " Obama said , " -LSB- I -RSB- f they think that 's going to be the formula for how we solve this thing , then they 've got another thing coming . That 's not how it 's going to work . " Rather , Obama declared "  it 's going to have to be a matter of shared sacrifice , at least as long as I 'm president . And I 'm going to be president for the next four years . " Obama 's recent post-election trash talking directed at Congress is "  defiance politics " that misunderstands what it means to win an election , Navarrette said . The president 's recent comments are like "  an end zone dance , a celebration " or , in the world of mixed martial arts competition , like "  putting your foot on the other guy 's neck and holding your hand up in the air , " after you 've felled your opponent , according to Navarrette . Instead of taking every opportunity to remind Republicans that he won  and they lost  last November , Obama needs to realize that "  with winning elections comes the responsibility to lead , " Navarrette said . As the person in whom the public has placed its trust and confidence , "  your burdens are much greater  than your losing opponent 's  . " Democrats counter that Obama has n't had anyone to make a deal with . "  When John Boehner comes to the table and he ca n't even bring his deputy or his third in command to vote for the deal that he is agreeing to , I think you 've got a real crisis of leadership in the House , " former White House press secretary Bill Burton said . Debt Ceiling : Welcome to Fight Club "  And so the president showed that even in that case , he can get a deal that moves the ball forward for the country , but going forward , you just wonder , how much control does Boehner have over the folks in the House and what kind of deals are we going to be able to get ? " For all his recent public swagger when it comes to Congress , Obama "  really does compromise a lot , " said Zelizer . For example , Zelizer pointed out that during recent negotiations over the fiscal cliff , the president changed his position substantially on the income threshold for eliminating the Bush tax cuts . While he says he does n't think there 's much more Obama can do publicly to smooth over the differences with House Republicans , Zelizer said that Obama ca n't let stand Boehner 's declaration that he 's abandoning any more legislative deal-making with the White House . The president would be wise to try to work behind the scenes to keep Boehner "  in the fold and maintain some sort of relationship " with the speaker . And Zelizer noted an encouraging pattern in the recent fiscal brinksmanship between Congress and the president . After negotiations between Boehner and Obama broke down , "  Senate Minority Leader Mitch  McConnell stepped up and put the deal together , " observed Zelizer , who added the Senate could take the lead again in working out agreements on things like handling automatic spending cuts put off by this week 's fiscal cliff deal and likely upcoming battles over the debt ceiling and funding the federal government . Zelizer noted that after McConnell negotiated a deal with Vice President Joe Biden , Boehner allowed House Republicans to entertain an alternative that would have included more spending cuts , an alternative which never made it to a vote because fiscal conservatives could n't muster a majority in the House GOP to support its passage . Ultimately , Boehner kept his pledge to Democratic leaders in Congress to put the Senate 's deal up for a House vote . By making the pledge before the terms of the Senate deal were even set , Zelizer said , Boehner sent a signal to House Republicans that they were going to lose the battle over the fiscal cliff even if they did n't like the Senate deal . The maneuvers by McConnell and Boehner suggest a path forward if repeated , according to Zelizer , because if GOP leaders continue not to obstruct Democrats as they try to move forward with legislation , that could help bring around tea party Republicans in the House . Tea party calls for consequences after fiscal cliff vote In order to improve their relationship with the White House , Navarette said Republicans "  have to fix what 's broken in their own party , they have to heal the divisions in their own party ... and define what the GOP is about . " Boehner re-elected speaker in midst of public defections Calling it "  a miracle " that Boehner was re-elected as speaker , Navarette said the GOP must also decide which role it wants to play in Obama 's second term . Will they try to be accommodating and try to work with the president to find solutions to problems , including some problems Republican donors and the Republican establishment wants fixed ? Or will they play the proverbial loyal opposition ? Both are "  not terribly attractive options " for the GOP , Navarette said , especially up against a masterful political strategist like Obama . And Navarrette suggests that the sports-loving and competitive Obama invite top Republicans over to the White House for his annual Super Bowl watching party in order to build personal relationships across the aisle in Congress . For Obama , moderating his triumphal , defiant approach when it comes to Republicans and Congress is also important because , Navarette points out , gun control and immigration reform are both high on Obama 's second term agenda . And there are strong feelings on the part of conservatives and Obama 's liberal base on both issues . Politics in 2013 : 5 things to watch for Obama talks about ` worst day of my presidency , ' goals for next term On the fiscal issues where Obama has repeatedly clashed with Capitol Hill Republicans in the past two years , Zelizer warns that recent events could repeat themselves . "  It 's going to be rough , going to be tough , we 're going to see this issue recur again and again over the years , " the historian said . Indeed , both Obama and McConnell , the GOP 's new lead fiscal negotiator , already seem to be playing out a familiar script . 3 more fiscal cliffs loom The last fiscal battle barely over , Obama wasted no time late Tuesday night staking out his position in the battles to come . After saying "  I am very open to compromise , " the president went on to fire a shot over Congress ' bow in the likely fight in February over raising the debt ceiling . " -LSB- W -RSB- hile I will negotiate over many things , I will not have another debate with this Congress over whether or not they should pay the bills that they 've already racked up through the laws that they passed , " Obama declared , "  Let me repeat : We ca n't not pay bills that we 've already incurred . " McConnell quickly fired back . "  The president may not want to have a fight about government spending over the next few months , but it 's the fight he is going to have , because it 's a debate the country needs , " McConnell wrote in a Yahoo op-ed published Wednesday night , adding that Obama "  must show up " and deliver a serious plan for slashing federal spending . "  That 's the debate the American people really want . It 's a debate Republicans are ready to have . And it 's the debate that starts today , whether the president wants it or not , " McConnell wrote . Although he has sworn off direct negotiations with Obama , Boehner echoed McConnell 's remarks on Friday . "  With the cliff behind us , the focus turns to spending , " Boehner told House Republicans . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Jessica Yellin , Dana Bash , Deidre Walsh , Ted Barrett , Paul Steinhauser , Gabriella Schwarz , Halimah Abdullah , Ben Brumfield , Steve Almasy and CNNMoney 's Rich Barbieri contributed to this report .	House Speaker John Boehner says he wo n't negotiate legislation with the president Zelizer : House GOP wo n't acknowledge Obama 's mandate , Boehner not in control of caucus Navarrette : Obama needs to stop practicing "  defiance politics , " needs to lead Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell could be instrumental in upcoming battles
CNN  Morocco has been banned from the 2017 and 2019 Africa Cup of Nations tournaments after it decided not to host the 2015 edition amid fears over the Ebola crisis . The country 's football federation has also been fined $ 1 million and ordered to pay $ 9.1 million "  for damages caused to the Confederation of African Football  CAF  and partners . " Its officials had called for the tournament to be delayed as concerns over the potential spread of the virus grew , and then declined to host it when that delay was not granted . That led to the CAF banning it from taking part in the 2015 event after Equatorial Guinea had stepped in as host nation -- and African football 's governing body has now imposed further , sweeping sanctions . In November , only two months before the tournament was due to be played , Morocco 's Sports Minister Mohamed Ouzzine informed CAF that the North African country would continue to ask for a postponement of at least six months . Although there had been no diagnosed case of Ebola in Morocco , officials said the call for a postponement was "  dictated by health reasons of the most dangerous kind , linked to the serious risk of the spread of the deadly Ebola pandemic . " The government believed thousands of traveling fans from West Africa posed a potential health hazard , although CAF countered by saying it believed less than 1,000 would travel from that region worst affected by the illness . In a statement , the CAF executive committee said it "  took action on the refusal of Morocco to host this competition as scheduled and agreed . " The statement added : "  Morocco had based its request to postpone the tournament on allegations "  of the highest health risk . " Morocco cited the outbreak of the Ebola virus as a case of force majeure in justifying its request for postponement , citing in particular the risk of contamination of its population because of anticipated fans ' flows . "  The executive committee considered that , contrary to what the Royal Moroccan Football Federation cited , force majeure can not be accepted for the benefit of the federation . " Meanwhile , the CAF has fined Equatorial Guinea $ 100,000  # 65,000  after crowd trouble marred Thursday 's Cup of Nations semifinal defeat to Ghana . The governing body also imposed a suspended punishment , ruling that the tournament hosts would have to play a match behind closed doors if there was any repeat of the problems at this weekend 's third-place playoff against DR Congo . It said Equatorial Guinea must pay for the treatment of the 36 fans injured in the clashes , which broke out during the closing stages of Ghana 's 3-0 win at the Estadio de Malabo in Equatorial Guinea . Officials stopped the game after 82 minutes , with Ghana fans having gathered behind one goal as they attempted to get away from missiles being hurled by Equatorial Guinea supporters . With Ghana leading 3-0 through goals from Jordan Ayew , Wakasu Mubarak and Andre Ayew , the players were told to stand in the middle of the pitch as they awaited a decision on whether the game could continue . A police helicopter hovered over the stadium before it was eventually decided that the match would be completed , and Ghana went on to seal their place in Sunday 's final against Ivory Coast . Trouble had threatened to boil over earlier on , with missiles thrown at Ghana players as they headed down the tunnel at half-time and the atmosphere in the stands souring as several decisions went against the home team . A CAFstatement said its disciplinary panel had imposed the fine for "  aggressive behavior and being repeat offenders " after supporters had thrown missiles at Tunisia players following Equatorial Guinea 's dramatic victory in the AFCON last eight . "  At least 36 people injured were identified by the medical teams present at the stadium following the incidents that marred the game , " the statement said . "  All the injured were supported and attended to on site . A total of 14 were transferred to hospital units for further investigations , with one case requiring close monitoring . "	Country opted not to host 2015 edition amid fears over Ebola crisis Federation ordered to pay more than $ 9 million in compensation to CAF Morocco was banned from this year 's tournament after decision not to host Governing body also fines Equatorial Guinea over AFCON semifinal crowd trouble
Mental Floss  -- It 's a lot more difficult than you might think to find good parents in fiction : Perhaps unsurprisingly , a lot of fiction deals either with the lack of a parent -- being a cardinal rule of children 's fiction to ditch the parents -- or a parent 's complete unsuitability for the role . But there are a few out there , parents who make you think , "  Gee , I wish my parents were like that . " Here 's our totally comprehensive , really scientific overview of good parenting in fiction : 1 . Atticus Finch -- "  To Kill a Mockingbird " by Harper Lee The widowed father of Jem and Scout , Atticus Finch is one of the great heroes of American literature . Steering his young children along the path of moral rectitude is hard in the Jim Crow South , and when Atticus , a lawyer , unsuccessfully defends an innocent black man from charges that he raped a white woman , it becomes even more difficult . But his own belief in rightness , morality , and good , even in the face of an unfair world , is communicated to his kids -- and to the world . His impact on the legal profession , especially in the South , was also profound : The Atticus Finch Society , part of the Alabama Law Foundation , was founded to serve the legal needs of the poor and named after a fictional lawyer who "  epitomizes the type of professional , and person , lawyers strive to be . " 2 . Alex and Kate Murry -- "  A Wrinkle in Time " by Madeleine L'Engle Tesseracts are real and Meg and Charles Murry 's scientist father has disappeared into one -- it 's up to these two brilliant but socially awkward children to save him . When it was published in 1962 , "  A Wrinkle in Time " was a sci-fi gift to all those nerdy kids out there for whom "  Star Trek " had n't been invented yet . And the Murry parents -- beautiful and smart microbiologist Kate and tesseract physicist Alex -- made being scientists seem so cool . Who would n't want parents like that ? 3 . The Weasleys -- "  Harry Potter " series by JK Rowling Harry Potter wanted them to adopt him -- and we would n't mind either . Though Harry was already remarkably well-adjusted for a child who 'd been forced to sleep in the spider-filled cupboard under the stairs , his friendship with Ron Weasley and his family showed him what a loving family really looked like . Mom Molly Weasley was kind , fiercely protective of her children -- her battle with Bellatrix Lestrange in the final book was immensely satisfying -- and knits a mean jumper . Dad Arthur Weasley was slightly bumbling , loves Muggle stuff , and still a kid at heart . Best of all , they loved each other as much as they loved their children . Mental Floss : 10 things you might not know about Harry Potter 4 . Marmee -- "  Little Women " by Louisa May Alcott Marmee is the glue that holds the "  Little Women " together through the Civil War and their father 's long absence . Kind and charitable , she 's their moral compass , their comfort in troubled times . Without her , the four girls , Jo , Meg , Amy and Beth , are lost . 5 . Mr. and Mrs. Little -- "  Stuart Little " by EB White Interspecies procreation is typically cause for concern , but not for Mr. and Mrs. Little . When their son , Stuart , was born a mouse , the kind , though perhaps a bit dense , Littles treated him just like any other member of the family . A member of the family who had a long tail , whiskers , slept in a cigarette box and could climb up lamp cords . 6 . Ma and Pa Ingalls -- "  Little House on the Prairie " by Laura Ingalls Wilder Though Laura Ingalls Wilder 's stories of growing up in the Indian Territory , now Kansas , in the mid to late 19th century are actually autobiographical , the books tend to be found in the children 's fiction part of the bookstore , so they make the list . Pa was a true pioneer with a serious case of wanderlust : He could build a house by hand and skin a rabbit , but still remained a gentleman , kind , courteous and upstanding . Ma Ingalls , a true pioneer 's wife , instructed her children to treat others with care . 7 . Mr. and Mrs. Quimby -- "  Ramona " series by Beverly Cleary Ramona Quimby , age 8 , is a bit of a handful . Her imagination -- and she 's got lots of it -- often gets her into situations , like the time she went to school with her pajamas under her clothes because she was pretending to be a fireman . Or the time she put her doll in the oven . Or the time she squeezed an entire tube of toothpaste into the sink . Her parents , Bob and Dorothy , meanwhile , are real parents , who have to deal with real things like quitting smoking , having children young , getting laid off , and 8-year-olds who accidentally dye themselves blue . And they even get in fights , like real parents do . But throughout it all , they manage to remain patient and affectionate with their children ; they 're not perfect , but they 're pretty good . 8 . Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert -- "  Anne of Green Gables " by Lucy Maud Montgomery When brother and sister Matthew and Marilla Cuthbert of the Green Gables farm decide to adopt a boy from a Nova Scotia orphanage to help out around the farm , they were n't expecting Anne . Anne  with an ` e ' , of course , since it 's ever so much more distinguished  was a redheaded 11-year-old , covered in freckles and though extremely clever , sometimes a bit too imaginative , definitely melodramatic and possessing an almost magnetic attraction to getting into scrapes . Shy Matthew immediately loves Anne , enchanted by her incessant chatter and her creativity , while Marilla , strict and somewhat prim , takes awhile to warm up . But when she does , her devotion to Anne is unparalleled and she keeps the sometimes flighty redhead on firm ground . Mental Floss : All about Anne  of Green Gables 9 . Baloo the Bear , Bagheera the Blank Panther , and the wolves -- "  The Jungle Book " by Rudyard Kipling After they save him from becoming tiger Shere Khan 's meal , Father Wolf and Mother Wolf raise the hairless man-cub Mowgli as one of their own . But it 's up to Baloo the sleepy bear and Bagheera the panther to teach the boy the Law of the Jungle -- thereby becoming the coolest godparents in the world . 10 . The Gilbreths -- "  Cheaper By The Dozen " by Frank Bunker Gilbreth , Jr. , and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey So , the Gilbreths were actual people , not fiction , and this charming book , published in 1948 , is a biography written by their children . But -- and we mean this as a compliment -- the parents are so lovely as to almost seem made up . Frank Gilbreth and his wife , Lillian , are world-famous efficiency experts whose studies in time and motion changed the way people worked . If Frank had his way , it would have also changed the way people raised children , especially after their incredible fecundity produced 12 children . Having an even dozen children meant that the Gilbreths could apply some of their expertise in their Montclair , New Jersey , home . Hilarity ensues , as does an overwhelming sense of warmth and happiness . The two children wrote a follow up book , "  Belles on Their Toes , " recounting what happened after Frank 's death in 1924 , which left Lillian with house full of children , the youngest just 2 years old , and a business to run . Mother Lillian manages to keep it all together , with good humor and warmth , and the book manages to stay away from the maudlin . Mental Floss : 22 fictional characters whose names you do n't know For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Good parents in fiction are often hard to find Some fictional parents , like Atticus Finch , teach their children an important lesson Mr. and Mrs. Quimby from "  Ramona " are patient , loving and imperfect , like real parents "  Jungle Book " has unconventional , but loyal , parents and godparents
Liquid calories are not as satisfying as solid food and they generally lack any nutritional value . 75 percent of U.S. adults are projected to be overweight or obese by 2015 , according to researchers . Americans consume anywhere from 150 to 300 more calories than they did three decades ago and half of those calories come from liquid . A new study out of John Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health finds that reducing liquid calories , especially from sugar-sweetened drinks such as punches , fruit juices and sodas , helps people lose weight and keep it off . Question : Why the emphasis on liquid calories ? Americans consume more liquid calories now than they ever have before . But unlike calories from solid food , it 's much harder for people to track how many calories they consume from drinking . The human body 's systems for regulating hunger and food intake are complex . But scientists do know that the lack of physiological and environmental cues associated with drinking , like not having to chew or prepare a drink like you prepare a meal , play a role . For these reasons , liquid calories do n't keep a person full and they are not as satisfying as solid food . They are usually "  empty calories " as well because they generally lack any nutritional value . Watch more on the dangers of sweetened drinks " Question : Are healthy drinks like smoothies and teas a better option when trying to lose weight ? Not really . As one dietitian CNN spoke to phrased it , "  A calorie is a calorie is a calorie , no matter where it comes from . " Many of the "  healthy " drinks on the market today are loaded with sugar and various sweeteners . Drinking a 16-ounce fruit smoothie may seem like a healthy choice but it could have almost 300 calories in it that you might not account for somewhere else in your diet . Teas , fruit juices , shakes and fortified waters are all great examples of seemingly healthy drinks that can be loaded with calories .	75 percent of U.S. adults are projected to be overweight or obese by 2015 Americans consume 150 to 300 more calories a day than 30 years ago Liquid calories are hard to keep track of , are n't as filling as regular food Cutting out 150 calories every day could save you from gaining 15 pounds a year Bottom Line : Reducing liquid calorie intake , especially of sugar-sweetened drinks , leads to greater weight loss success .
CNN  -- Following widespread criticism , Brazil 's health ministry has scrapped an online campaign called "  I 'm happy being a prostitute . " Prostitution is legal in Brazil and is expected to spike as the nation gears up for the FIFA World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 . The campaign aimed to promote safe sex and reduce the stigma against sex workers . Other posters in the campaign carried slogans such as "  I can not be seen without a condom , my love . " But Tuesday , Health Minister Alexandre Padilha dropped the campaign , telling reporters he did n't think it was a message his office should be sending . "  The role of the ministry is to have specific content to encourage prevention among sex workers , who are a very vulnerable group , " he said . As the nation prepares for the sports world stage , sex workers are getting ready as well . In the city of Belo Horizonte , prostitutes are lining up for free English classes to enable them to communicate with clients .	The campaign aimed to promote safe sex It also sought to reduce the stigma against sex workers Prostitution is legal in Brazil
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The only leader that the independent Zimbabwe has ever known will be at the helm for another five years , following an election that pitted 89-year-old President Robert Mugabe against his longtime foe , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai . Mugabe was elected to his seventh term as president with 61 % of Wednesday 's vote , the head of the country 's Election Commission said Saturday . Tsvangirai , who won 34 % , according to the election commission , has alleged widespread fraud and was quick to promise a court challenge . "  A fraudulent and a stolen election has plunged Zimbabwe into a constitutional , political and economic crisis , " said Tsvangirai , 61 . The commission also announced that Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party won a two-thirds majority in parliament . Election observers and foreign officials raised doubts Saturday about the way the election was conducted , though some of them noted it was peaceful -- in contrast to the last election , in 2008 , where post-vote violence left at last 200 people dead and thousands injured . Fast Facts : Robert Mugabe The Southern African Development Community deployed 573 observers to all 10 of the country 's provinces and "  observed that in general voting took place in a free and peaceful environment " and that election commission staffers "  conducted themselves professionally . " But it noted areas of concern . The African Union , which also sent observers , praised Zimbabwe for holding peaceful elections . It made no mention of rigging allegations but noted shortcomings , saying some voters were turned away , polling stations published their tallies late and members of the media took sides . Even so , the AU said , "  The mission observes generally , that from a historical perspective and in comparison to the 2008 elections , Zimbabwe has made an important transition in the conduct of its elections . " Tsvangirai 's party , the Movement for Democratic Change , issued a statement saying it expects the African Union and SADC to "  meet urgently to deal with this crisis in order to restore constitutional , political and legal legitimacy in the country . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , in a statement Saturday , criticized "  the culmination of a deeply flawed process . " "  In light of substantial irregularities reported by domestic and regional observers , the United States does not believe the results announced today represent a credible expression of the will of the Zimbabwean people , " Kerry said . British Foreign Secretary William Hague , meanwhile , commended the peaceful nature of the vote , but expressed concern over how it was conducted . Citing the AU and SADC statements , he said , "  I hope that their final assessments of the elections will take into account the full impact of these irregularities on the outcome . " The reported irregularities "  call into serious question the credibility of the election , " Hague said . With his controversial win , Mugabe is set to see his time in power extended to 38 years . Who is Robert Mugabe ? Mugabe helped form the Republic of Zimbabwe after the British rule of Rhodesia came to an end in 1980 , and after elections that year , he served as Zimbabwe 's first prime minister for seven years . After a new constitution in 1987 replaced the office of prime minister with an executive president , Zimbabwe 's national assembly elected Mugabe to a four-year term as president . Elections in 1990 , 1996 and 2002 all saw Mugabe win successive six-year terms . Beginning in the 1990s , Mugabe began to alienate himself from the international community by forcing white farmers to give up their land for redistribution to black Zimbabweans . Farm output later decreased sharply amid a famine in the country , and Human Rights Watch accused Mugabe 's government of using starvation as a tool to gain voter support . The European Union and the United States imposed sanctions on Mugabe and members of his party amid reports of human rights violations . In 2003 , Mugabe withdrew the country from the Commonwealth . Fast Facts : Morgan Tsvangirai Tsvangirai ran unsuccessfully against Mugabe in 2002 and was later arrested several times , jailed on charges of treason and severely beaten in police custody . He faced off against Mugabe in the last election and won more votes than the president , though not enough to avoid a runoff . Violence broke out , and Tsvangirai then pulled out of the runoff claiming widespread voter intimidation and the torture , mutilation and murder of his supporters . Months later , after international pressure and successful negotiations , Mugabe and Tsvangirai signed an agreement giving Tsvangirai the post of prime minister in a Mugabe-led government . It has been an uneasy coalition ever since , one that included a brief boycott of the coalition by the MDC over the arrest of a party leader . Journalist Columbus S. Mavhunga reported this story from Harare , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from London .	Tsvangirai to challenge the results in court African Union gives its blessing , despite noting shortcomings Problems included voters getting turned away and biased media , they say U.S. says it does n't believe results "  represent a credible expression " of the people 's will
CNN  -- Malaysia swore in a new prime minister on Friday , the country 's state news agency reported . Malaysia 's former PM Abdullah Badawi waves from a vehicle in Kuala Lumpur on Friday . Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak became Malaysia 's sixth prime minister after taking over for from Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi who stepped down after leading the country for more than five years , according to the Bernama news agency . The new prime minister will immediately be tasked with reuniting a multi-racial nation and shoring up an economy in dire straits . Until now , Najib Razak had served as the Southeast Asian country 's deputy prime minister . He is part of Malaysia 's ruling party , the National Front Coalition , which has ruled the country since it gained independence from Britain in 1957 . But last year , a loose coalition of opposition parties won 82 of 222 parliamentary seats in elections . It was only the second time in the country 's history that the ruling party failed to gain the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution . The election upset led to calls for Abdullah to step down . In recent months , the country has seen riots with the country 's ethnic Chinese and Indian communities who accuse the government of passing laws that favor the Malay majority . Najib has said he will do more to address their concerns . Malaysia has been severely affected by the global economic downturn . Critics are demanding Malaysia diversify its technology-heavy economy . Last month , Najib unveiled a multi-billion dollar stimulus plan for new spending , according to published reports . Watch what can be expected from the new Malaysian leader " Najib also brings with him a whiff of controversy . Two former bodyguards are facing charges in connection the murder of a Mongolian model . He has denied all links to the killing .	Najib Razak sworn in as Asian nation 's sixth prime minister Outgoing PM Abdullah Badawi was in office for more than five years Ruling party has failed to secure majority needed to amend constitution New PM faces economic downturn , ethnic discord
CNN  -- A Brazilian journalist detained by authorities while reporting from Libya was released Thursday and will leave the country Friday , Libyan authorities said . The whereabouts of Andrei Netto , a correspondent for Brazil 's Estado do Sao Paulo newspaper , were unknown since Sunday , the last time he communicated with his newspaper . He is staying at the home of the Brazilian ambassador in Libya pending his removal , the newspaper reported . Netto was detained for entering the country illegally through the Tunisian border , the Libyan Embassy in Brazil said in a written statement . Another reporter , Ghaith Abdul-Ahad of Britain 's Guardian newspaper , was with Netto at the time of his detention , but officials gave no information on him . "  His detention was for his own protection , given the large concern of the government for the safety of the foreign media , " the Libyan Embassy said . Before Thursday , the last that Estado knew about its reporter was that he was around the city of Zawiya , a scene of fighting between opposition forces and forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . That was around the last time The Guardian heard from Abdul-Ahad , the newspaper reported . The British newspaper has been in contact with Libyan government officials in Tripoli and London regarding his disappearance , the newspaper reported . Abdul-Ahad , an Iraqi national , has been a staff correspondent for the paper since 2004 , the newspaper said . On Wednesday , three BBC journalists who had also been detained outside of Zawiya told of beatings and mock executions that they and other detainees were subjected to by their captors . The three -- Feras Killani , Goktay Koraltan and Chris Cobb-Smith -- said that Libyan authorities took them into custody and seized their cameras and other equipment Monday at a checkpoint six miles south of Zawiya .	Andrei Netto had been detained by Libyan authorities They say he entered Libya illegally A journalist for a British newspaper who was with him remains missing
Amardeep Kaleka will never forget the moment when his father laid on the ground and prayed . Satwant Singh Kaleka had been shot five times while wresting a gunman in a Sikh temple in Oak Creek , Wisconsin . His turban was knocked off , and two kids and a priest crawled up beside him . Together , they prayed . Amardeep Kaleka went to the temple and stared at that spot . His father did not survive . He died along with five others . "  It felt like he was praying and putting something into the zeitgeist and imprinting it , " he told CNN . His son hoped it would lead to a changing tide on gun violence . Interactive : Faces of the gun debate As he began his meditation that day , Amardeep made a vow : He would do whatever he could to ensure nobody ever went through what his family had . "  It just came over me that you ca n't stay silent , " he said . "  You ca n't continue to allow violence like this to happen haphazardly at a church , at a school , any place . That was August 2012 . Four months later , 20 children and six adults were gunned down in Newtown , Connecticut . That school massacre has led many people , including Kaleka , 33 , to question where we go from here as a country . Or if we will ever get there at all . It led him to stand up at a gathering here on Thursday , CNN 's "  Guns Under Fire : An AC360 Town Hall Special , " and ask a panel of advocates with polar opposite views if they could agree on anything . If there was actually any middle ground . "  After meeting with so many senators , so many gun proponents and gun control advocates , it seems like they 're recycling the same jargon all the time , " he said , explaining his reason for the question . "  So I was just hoping , let 's get to the common ground . " The panel included National Rifle Association board members , the president of the Brady Campaign to End Gun Violence , law enforcement representatives and other participants voicing viewpoints across the spectrum . Was there a consensus ? Sort of . "  There 's a lot of common ground , " Sandra Froman , a member of the NRA board of directors and a former president of the group , said at the town hall . "  We do n't want people who are insane to have guns , we do n't want terrorists to have guns . Part of this national dialogue is coming together . " So everyone agreed : Something has to happen . The devil is in the details . "  I think the common ground clearly exists from a policy standpoint when talking about background checks , " said Dan Gross , president of the Brady Campaign to End Gun Violence . But it is n't that simple . It never is when it comes to gun control . "  The NRA is not against background checks , " Froman said . "  We support making sure they are enforced . We 're not supporting more background checks of law-abiding citizens . " Her remarks signaled a slight change in the NRA 's stance . In a heated back and forth , the two debated whether it was truly harmful to force everyone who wants to purchase a gun -- whether at a gun store , a gun show , or in a private sale -- to go through a background check . Froman talked about how the current background check system was broken , noting that an "  instant check " in Colorado can actually take about 10 days . "  We have to get it working before we add any more checks , " she said , noting that requiring everyone to undergo a check would take a lot of resources and money . Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey spoke from his experience , saying whatever it took , whatever the price tag , it would be worth it to stem the violence . "  Please , do n't worry about the cost . I 'll spend the money , " he said , a line that drew massive applause from the crowd at George Washington University . "  It 's a much greater cost than human lives . We have to do something . The status quo is not acceptable . " When Kaleka , the son of one of the Sikh shooting victims , rose to ask his question about finding a middle ground , he was n't just talking about policy . He also meant in our collective way of thinking . A filmmaker , Kaleka has made a documentary about violence in America . There are too many facets to the problem , he says . "  It 's a culture of violence . And that has to do with guns , that has to do with mental illness , it has to do with stigmatizing people , it has to do with the media , everything about our culture . " Many appeared to think he was right . "  Everybody 's got to step up on this , " Ramsey said . "  That 's prosecutors , the courts , everyone . If we 're serious about this it ca n't just be a series of laws that are passed . " Much of the discussion inside the town hall went beyond politics and legislation . One heated debate focused on whether armed guards should be posted at schools . That 's a proposal that 's been discussed by former congressman Asa Hutchinson . "  What is more important than the education and the safety of those children ? " he asked , noting that if malls have armed security , so should schools . "  I believe an armed security presence is very important . " It 's an idea that Veronique Pozner thinks about . Her son Noah was killed in the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown . "  I think there might be a certain power in deterrence , " she said . "  In the case of Newtown , it 's clear that the perpetrator did choose the path of least resistance , the most vulnerable defenseless victims . He did n't head for the high school where he could have been tackled . " While she said she was n't sure an armed guard would have saved her son , she did say it made her feel more comfortable dropping off her other children at the new school for Sandy Hook children , a building that does have armed guards . Colin Goddard , who survived the Virginia Tech shooting , said he understood the desire to protect children , but he did n't understand why arming guards is the go-to solution . "  I just do n't understand why the first idea put forth is something that might help at the last second , " he said , to massive applause from the audience . "  We can do things in advance to keep a dangerous person and a gun from coming together in the first place . " That 's the conversation that usually leads to a debate about mental health . It is an area President Barack Obama has pledged resources to ; he and many others hope to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill . The difficulty comes in figuring out who poses a threat . "  We look at behavior and what 's going on in the person 's life , the social dynamics and what are the personality issues that make that person think acting out dangerously is a way to handle their problems , " said Mary Ellen O'Toole , a former FBI special agent and criminal profiler . Froman , the NRA board member , said she 'd like to see more sharing of resources to ensure a database of the mentally ill would prevent them from having access to guns . But Liza Long , whose blog post "  I am Adam Lanza 's Mom " went viral after the Newtown shooting , said perhaps we were thinking about this all wrong . What if was n't just about identifying threats , but actually making a change . "  We spend a lot of time talking about keeping guns out of the wrong hands , "  she said . "  What if we could put those resources to making people less dangerous . " For Kaleka , at the end of the day , progress on enforcing background checks would be a step in the right direction . He recognizes that no solution will make everyone happy . But he wishes every advocate , no matter their point of view , would think about the issue as if they were in his shoes . "  When you are a survivor or a victim or someone close to you dies , it 's everyday you think about it , " he said . "  Gun advocates or scholars or people making money about it , they probably think about it 10 % of how much we think about it . We go to the bathroom and think about it . We take a cold shower one day , and we start to cry . We wake up in the middle of the night with night sweats , and we have to live with it . Every breath is taken with some thought of violence and safety . " He thinks it is time the country does the same : that its citizens think about the issue with every breath . "  I can never go another moment in my life without thinking about it . My wife , my brother , my mother , the people of Newtown , they will not go a moment for the rest of their life without thinking about it , " he said . "  Personally I think the tide is changing , the zeitgeist is moving towards justice . Hopefully , once we stop the fear mongering on both sides we can finally get to the point of what makes sense . " His greatest hope : That the will to do something about the violence does not die along with those who never had to . Complete coverage : The gun debate	Amardeep Kaleka lost his father in a shooting at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin He appeared at CNN 's "  Guns Under Fire : An AC360 Town Hall Special " Kaleka hopes the country will at last find middle ground on the issue of guns "  I think the tide is changing ; the zeitgeist is moving towards justice "
EW.com  -- The sequel to "  Dumb and Dumber " has hit a road block . The in-development follow-up to the hit 1994 comedy was in the works at New Line Cinema , but New Line 's parent company , Warner Bros. , has dropped the project , EW confirmed Tuesday . THR first reported the news . EW : The Farrelly Brothers finishing script for ` Dumb and Dumber To '  $ " and that is n't a typo Bobby and Peter Farrelly  $ " the writer-director brothers who created the original  $ " are now searching for a new financier and distributor for "  Dumb and Dumber To "  yes , that 's the title  . Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels are expected to return as short-on-smarts pair Lloyd and Harry . In the sequel , the two friends will go on a road trip to find Harry 's illegitimate daughter for a kidney transplant . EW : Casting Net : Jim Carrey turns to crime in comedy ` Loomis Fargo ' New Line Cinema produced the 1994 original and also made a 2003 prequel called "  Dumb and Dumberer : When Harry Met Lloyd " without Carrey , Daniels , or the Farrelly brothers . The movie depicted Lloyd and Harry 's high school years in the 1980s . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The sequel has been dropped by the studio The Farrelly brothers are seeking a new distributor Film was to be called "  Dumb and Dumber To "
CNN  -- In case your social feeds are n't enough of a platform , you can now take a selfie and print it -- on your sneakers . Adidas says it 's creating mobile apps that will let users make a fashion statement by printing any photo , including Instagram pics , on a pair of shoes . The app will launch for iPhone and Android in August , Adidas announced on its Instagram page . The technology is part of the relaunch of "  mi adidas , " the shoemaker 's customizable-sneakers program , and is available for its line of Originals lifestyle shoes , such as the ZX Flux  but not its sport shoes  . Adidas spokesperson RaEsa Benjamin-Wardle said more details on prices and how the app works will be forthcoming . Some sample styles that Adidas suggests on its website : cherry blossoms , tree bark , a beach scene and a hamburger with all the fixings . The Instagram post had garnered more than 42,000 likes by Tuesday afternoon , perhaps an indication of potential customers . But will fashion-forward shoppers want to wear their filtered Instagram creations on their feet ? "  Sneakers bring out a particularly devoted level of fans . If Kanye does a sneaker , people pay thousands of dollars for it , " said Mickey Boardman , editorial director at Paper magazine and a sneaker enthusiast . "  This is a fun way for maybe less intense fans to make a conversation piece . " The ZX Flux sneakers offer a mostly clean , uncluttered canvas on which creative sneakerheads can print their favorite image . Boardman predicted the limitless options will bring out the quirky side of customers . "  If you can customize , you got ta go there , you have to follow your bliss , " he said . Other brands like Casetagram have been letting customers use their Instagram and Facebook photos to create unique cases for iPhones , iPads , and Samsung Galaxy devices . But printing these photos on shoes appears to be new .	Adidas is creating mobile apps that will let users print photos on their sneakers The app will launch for iPhone and Android in August The technology is part of the relaunch of "  mi adidas "
CNN  -- Texas and Oklahoma suffered through their warmest months on record as persistent heat scorched central and eastern states from May to July . Temperatures averaged 88.9 degrees in Oklahoma -- the warmest monthly statewide average temperature ever recorded -- and 87.1 degrees in Texas , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Monday . The heat wave resulted in the fourth-warmest July on record for the United States . In Dallas , temperatures exceed 100 degrees for 30 of July 's 31 days . And there was no relief in sight . Temperatures are forecast to remain high in Texas and Oklahoma through the end of the week . Parts of the two states could cool off by the weekend , but temperatures are likely creep back up by next Monday . If temperatures continue to hit 100 degrees or more by Saturday , Dallas will have set a record -- becoming the first city to mark 43 consecutive days of temperatures above 100 degrees . Residents of nearby Kemp , Texas , were reeling from no water in the midst of the wretched heat . As temperatures soared to the triple-digits for the 37th consecutive day Sunday , city officials made an emergency decision to shut off the town 's water supply . "  Right now our water towers have no water in them at all , " said Mayor Donald Kile . "  According to the weather forecast we got no relief coming . We 're believing and we 're praying for rain . " In the meantime , Kile said the water supply could remain shut off for days while the towers refill . A combination of high water demand and old pipes caused major ruptures along waterlines and forced the city to resort to emergency procedures , Kile said . The city will continue to provide bottled water to residents at city hall until the water supply is restored . But for Kay Bloomfield , 57 , it was not enough . "  I 've got two grandkids I had to bathe in the sink in there ! " she told CNN affiliate WFAA-TV . "  It 's a necessity , you have to have water . " On Twitter , some Texas and Oklahoma residents were beseeching followers to do a rain dance for the parched states . "  I think I need to google how to do a rain dance , because we have n't seen rain in TX and OK for two months , " Vincenzo Moretti tweeted . CNN 's Chelsea Bailey and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Temperatures averaged 88.9 degrees in Oklahoma NEW : The heat wave resulted in the fourth-warmest July for America NEW : There are more hot days in store in the near future One Texas town turns off the water because of shortage
CNN  Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight is facing a possible murder charge after allegedly running over two men , killing one , following an argument in Compton , California , according to authorities . "  So far , people we talked to said it looked like it was an intentional act . So we 're handling it as a homicide , " Los Angeles police Lt. John Corina said before the arrest . Knight , 49 , turned himself in to Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department investigators early Friday . He 's being held in lieu of about a $ 2 million bond pending a court appearance , which is n't expected until at least Monday , according to Jane Robison , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office . CNN affiliate KCAL-TV and the Los Angeles Times quoted Knight 's attorney , James Blatt , as saying Knight feared for his life and was trying to flee when the incident happened . "  We feel strongly Mr. Knight did not do anything wrong in this matter . He was attacked by a number of individuals , that has already been corroborated by certain witnesses . He left the scene because he was in fear for his safety and life , " he said . In a conversation with CNN before the arrest , Blatt declined to confirm to CNN whether Knight was driving . Blatt has n't returned multiple calls from CNN seeking comment since the arrest . The Thursday incident allegedly began with an argument on the set of the biopic "  Straight Outta Compton , " a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group N.W.A. . It then spilled over to the parking lot of Tam 's Burgers , where authorities say Knight tracked the men . "  It looks like he drove backward and struck the victims . And then went forward and struck them again as he left , " Corina said . Officers later found Knight 's Ford Raptor abandoned in Westwood . Knight turned himself in early Friday at the West Hollywood Sheriff 's Station , accompanied by his attorney . After being questioned by detectives , Knight was booked and later transferred to the Twin Towers Correctional Facility in downtown Los Angeles , according to jail records . The man who died has been identified as Terry Carter , 55 . The second man 's name is Cle Sloan , 51 . Knight founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 . He signed artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg  since then known as Snoop Dogg and Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur , raising the profile of West Coast rap in the process . Along with rapper , producer and future entrepreneur Andre "  Dr. Dre " Young , he rode the wave of the fame from albums such as Dr. Dre 's "  The Chronic " in 1992 . In 1993 , Snoop Dogg 's debut album , "  Doggystyle , " broke new ground in a genre of music previously dominated by East Coast artists . Knight 's signing of controversial rapper Tupac Shakur in the mid - '90s further increased the profiles of both Knight and his company in the hip-hop game . But with his imposing physique and reputation for not being averse to violence , Knight also found himself at the center of a feud between East Coast and West Coast rappers . The feud started as a war of words between rappers from each coast , but things quickly escalated in 1994 after Shakur accused producer Sean "  Puffy " Combs and rapper Christopher "  Biggie Smalls " Wallace of involvement in a 1994 shooting at a New York studio that left Shakur injured . Both Combs -- who over the years has also been known as "  Puff Daddy , " "  Diddy and "  P. Diddy " -- and Wallace denied the accusations . The tensions intensified in 1995 after Knight gave a speech at the Source Awards , where he said , "  Any artist out there that want to be an artist and stay a star , and do n't have to worry about the executive producer trying to be all in the videos , all on the record , dancing ... come to Death Row ! " Many took the statement as a direct dig at Combs , who often appeared in his artists ' music videos . Some have pointed to the feud as a contributing factor in the shooting deaths of both Shakur in 1996 and Wallace in 1997 . Both slayings remain unsolved . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . In August , Knight and two others were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards . In October , he was busted along with comedian Micah "  Katt " Williams for allegedly stealing a photographer 's camera . Who is Suge Knight ? Stories behind tough hip-hop legend CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki , Tina Burnside , Stella Chan and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Marion "  Suge " Knight wo n't appear in court until at least Monday , prosecutor 's office says Police say Knight drove over two men with his red pickup "  We 're handling it as a homicide , " says Lt. John Corina
CNN  -- Teenage Nigerian weightlifter Augustina Nkem Nwaokolo claimed the first gold medal on day one of the Commonwealth Games in Delhi . The 17-year-old took top prize in the women 's 48kg division and set a new Commonwealth record in the process by lifting 175kg as events finally began after weeks of controversy surrounding Delhi 's readiness to host the Games . It 's the first time India has hosted the competition between countries of the former British Empire and the build-up was dominated by negative headlines about the cleanliness of the athlete 's village as well as poor construction . Nwaokolo lifted 77kg in the snatch and 98kg in the clean and jerk to deny India 's Soniya Chanu . The home favorite failed with two attempts at lifting the 103kg required to take gold . In the men 's 56kg category Malaysia 's Amirul Hamizan Ibrahim took gold ahead of Sukhen Dey and Srinivasa Rao of India . Ibrahim posted a new Commonwealth Games record of 166kg to win his second gold after Manchester in 2002 . He missed the Games in Melbourne four years ago due to a doping ban . In the pool , Kylie Palmer swam to gold for Australia in women 's 200 meter freestyle ahead of Jazz Carlin , who secured Wales ' first medal since 1974 , while England 's double Olympic champion Rebecca Adlington stook bronze . Australia claimed a one-two in the 200m individual medley with 18-year-old Alicia Coutts upsetting her teammate , and favorite , Emily Seebohm . South Africa 's Chad Le Clos set a new Games record as he pipped England 's Michael Rock to gold in the men 's 200m butterfly while Canada 's Ryan Cochrane beat Australia 's Ryan Napoleon by 11 hundredths of a second to claim the 400m freestyle . Australia struck gold again when they clawed back the English team in the 4x100m freestyle relay . Away from the pool Australia also proved too good for the rest of the field in the artistic gymnastics team competition , as they finished three points clear of England to take gold . After the opening day of competition , Australia top the medals table with four gold 's while South Africa , Canada , Nigeria and Malaysia all have one .	Events at the Commonwealth Games in Delhi get underway Nigerian weightlifter Augustina Nkem Nwaokolo wins the first gold medal Australia dominate in the pool claiming four gold medals
New York  CNN  -- One of the people arrested as part of a police investigation into drugs found in actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's apartment was given a no-jail-time plea deal on Tuesday , according to his attorney . Daniel Hochheiser , attorney for Max Rosenblum , said his client received two years on probation after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance . Conditions of the probation include that Rosenblum continue to attend an outpatient program . "  It 's a blessing , " Hochheiser said . "  He 's gotten a second chance to remain at liberty and now he can focus on his rehabilitation , education and his bright future . " Hoffman , an Academy Award-winning actor , was found dead February 2 of an apparent drug overdose . Investigators found close to 50 packets of what they believe to be heroin in the actor 's apartment . Police set out to track Hoffman 's heroin source . Rosenblum , 22 , was among four people arrested in a drug raid on February 4 . Police recovered 350 small plastic bags of what is believed to be heroin , law enforcement officials said . The bags were branded "  black list " and "  red bull , " not the same brands found in Hoffman 's apartment , the officials said . "  He 's never met , spoken to , seen , had anything to do with Philip Seymour Hoffman , " Hochheiser said last month of his client . "  My client is in no way connected to Mr. Hoffman 's overdose and there has been no evidence presented that I know of that connects my client to Mr. Hoffman in any way , except that he lived in a building which apparently Mr. Hoffman frequented a different apartment to do whatever he did . "	Max Rosenblum gets probation after pleading guilty to a drug charge Hoffman was found dead February 2 of an apparent drug overdose Rosenblum 's lawyer says his client had nothing to do with Hoffman
United Nations  CNN  -- The body of a United Nations worker , who had been missing for 24 years , has been found in eastern Lebanon , a representative of United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday . Alec Collett was on assignment for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East , or UNRWA , when he was kidnapped in Lebanon in 1985 . The British national was 63 years old at the time . "  Although he is saddened by Alec Collett 's death , he hopes that the actions taken to find his remains can provide a measure of comfort to his loved ones , " the statement from Ban 's representative said . Collett 's abductors released two videotapes during his first year in captivity , in which Collett sent messages to his family , according to the U.N. . In April 1986 , a Beirut television station received a videotape that purportedly showed Collett being hanged , but the United Nations said it was impossible to formally identify whether or not it was him . Since then , nothing further had been heard about Collett 's fate , despite repeated requests , the U.N. said . Collett had been visiting various UNRWA operations in Lebanon as part of a three-month consultancy mission when he was kidnapped on March 25 , 1985 in the midst of Lebanon 's civil war while riding in a car near the Beirut airport , according to the U.N. His driver , an Austrian national , was also abducted , but later released . Collett was the first U.N. employee to be kidnapped in Lebanon . A group calling itself the "  Revolutionary Organization of Muslim Socialists " claimed responsibility for the kidnapping . In the months that followed , several other UNRWA staff members were kidnapped , but later released . Collett was married to an American , Elaine Collett , and their son Karim was 11 years old at the time of his kidnapping . During his 35-year career as a journalist , Collett worked in Prague as a newspaper correspondent for several British publications after World War II , as well as an Associated Press reporter in New York and at the United Nations .	Alec Collett had been visiting various UNRWA operations in Lebanon when he was kidnapped in March 1985 Group called "  Revolutionary Organization of Muslim Socialists " claimed responsibility for kidnapping In April 1986 , a Beirut TV station received a videotape purportedly showing Collett being hanged
CNN  -- The most insistent political question of the past four years has been : How can more Americans get access to medical care ? The federal response was the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . Better known as "  Obamacare , " it is a complex mix of insurance changes and tax credits . When the act takes effect on January 1 , 2014 , it will provide access to insurance to about 30 million people who currently do n't have it . Unfortunately , that was the wrong question . So the looming "  answer " is wrong as well . Here 's the right question : How can we improve medical care so that it 's worth extending it to more people ? In other words , how can we create a health care system that helps people become and stay healthy ? I have argued for years that we do not have a health care system in America . We have a disease-management system -- one that depends on ruinously expensive drugs and surgeries that treat health conditions after they manifest rather than giving our citizens simple diet , lifestyle and therapeutic tools to keep them healthy . CNN special report : "  Escape Fire " The brutal fact is that we spend more on health care than any other country -- an estimated $ 9,348 per capita in 2013 -- and get shockingly little for our money . The U.S. "  currently ranks lowest on a variety of health measures , " concludes a new report from an expert panel commissioned by the National Institutes of Health . Specifically , Americans have more obesity , more sexually transmitted diseases , shorter life expectancies and higher infant mortality than the inhabitants of nearly all of the 16 developed "  peer " countries studied . Why ? A major culprit is a medical system based on maximizing profits rather than fostering good health . Let me be clear . I am not against all forms of high-tech medicine . Drugs and surgeries have a secure place in the treatment of serious health conditions . But modern American medicine treats almost every health condition as if it were an emergency . This leads to vast wealth for the corporate medical complex but poor health outcomes and empty wallets for the patients . Making this system more accessible by passing costs to taxpayers will simply spread its failures more broadly . The medical philosophy known as integrative medicine offers a better alternative . As defined by the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine at the National Institutes of Health , IM combines mainstream medical therapies and complementary and alternative therapies "  for which there is some high-quality scientific evidence of safety and effectiveness . " It uses high-tech medicine sparingly to treat the most serious conditions while employing nutrition , exercise , stress-reduction and other simple , low-cost  or free  interventions to foster long-term health and resilience . It 's one thing to read about the horrors of the modern medical system . It 's quite another to see them vividly displayed in the faces and bodies of suffering Americans . I was honored to be interviewed for the documentary "  Escape Fire : The Fight to Rescue American Healthcare , " premiering at 8 and 11 p.m. ET Sunday , March 10 , on CNN . The film offers an unflinching look at the causes and effects of our medical system 's problems and provides some hopeful solutions . Highlights include : -- The torturous journey of Sgt. Robert Yates , an injured veteran wounded in Afghanistan . He was prescribed a shopping bag full of prescription medications that left him broken and miserable in body , mind and spirit . Watching Yates begins to regain his health through gentle , low-cost therapies , including meditation and acupuncture , is profoundly moving . -- A look at the revolutionary Safeway Healthy Measures Program . It gives the supermarket chain 's employees financial incentives for taking responsibility for their own health , decreasing Safeway 's insurance costs significantly while improving participants ' well-being . -- The dramatic story of Dr. Erin Martin , an Oregon primary care physician fed up with being pushed to treat patients faster and faster to boost clinic profits . She enrolled in the Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine 's Fellowship Program to find a better way , explaining that "  I 'm not interested in getting my productivity up -- I 'm interested in helping patients . " The film takes its name from the practice of setting a small fire to clear out nearby brush , allowing a fast-advancing forest fire to pass by harmlessly . Will we be sufficiently clear-eyed and rational to take a similarly bold action to avoid disaster wrought by our dysfunctional health care system ? I hope so . In the film , I say , "  The present system does n't work , and it 's going to take us down . We need a whole new kind of medicine . " I am grateful to filmmakers Matthew Heineman and Susan Froemke for making that case in this persuasive and eloquent documentary . Please tune in to CNN Sunday evening . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Weil .	Andrew Weil : Providing more Americans with health insurance is not enough Weil : We have a disease-management system , not a health care system He says our medical system is more about maximizing profits than fostering good health Weil : Watch "  Escape Fire " at 8 and 11 p.m. ET Sunday , March 10 , on CNN
WICHITA , Kansas  CNN  -- She found her husband on their bed in a pool of his own vomit , dead from an accidental overdose of drugs he received from an online pharmacy . These pills were sent to CNN 's Drew Griffin , even though he was never seen by a doctor . Every night before her husband went to bed , he would open a prescription bottle of the muscle relaxant Soma and swallow the eight or nine pills it took for him to fall asleep , said the woman . She spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity because she wants to protect her husband 's identity and not embarrass his family . The drugs arrived at their doorstep every week . She thought they were being prescribed by a treating physician . Her husband had been in a car accident and suffered back pain , and Soma was the one drug that could relieve the aches . She was wrong . The drugs were purchased online without a doctor 's visit . She says that her husband had become an addict -- and that the Internet sites that sold him the drugs were his pushers . "  Absolutely , " she said . "  That 's exactly what they are . " "  These pharmacy people that are doing this and these doctors that are doing this , they do n't give a dadgummit about people . It 's just the almighty dollar ; that 's all it is . " Rusty Payne , a spokesman with the Drug Enforcement Administration , agreed . The abuse of pharmaceuticals "  is one of the biggest drug problems we are dealing with , " he said . "  The Internet is the biggest culprit , " Payne said . About $ 39 million in cash , bank accounts , property and computers were seized in 2007 as a result of Internet drug investigations , he said . In 2004 , the figure was $ 11.9 million . The DEA has formed an initiative with Google , Yahoo! and AOL to warn people about buying drugs online . Between 2005 and 2007 , Payne said the official warning popped up nearly 80 million times . A CNN investigation shows just how easy it is to purchase prescription drugs online without a legitimate prescription , revealing a growing new battle in the war on drug abuse . Watch why ' I wanted to end it ' " To prove it , a CNN investigative reporter went to linepharmacy.com , which advertises a long list of prescription drugs for sale . The site sent back an e-mail saying "  all orders made are still subjected to Doctor 's evaluation . " The reporter placed two orders for anti-depressants with the site : one for Prozac , the other for Elavil . A health survey on the site was already filled in . The reporter submitted a credit card and a shipping address . Within 24 hours , the Prozac had arrived at the reporter 's front door . The Elavil arrived two days later . Both prescription bottles had a doctor 's name and pharmacy on the label . Watch woman describe online drug ` Christmas ' sales " The reporter had neither seen a doctor nor talked to a doctor on the phone . In fact , he had n't even heard of the doctor listed on the bottle . Carmen Catizone , the executive director of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy , which works to implement and enforce uniform pharmaceutical standards , said prescription drugs are the new crack and heroin , and Internet sites that sell them are the new drug dealers . Except narcotics , Catizone said , "  you can order virtually any drug in the world by simply clicking a mouse and going to various Web sites that exist out there . " His group blames unscrupulous doctors for writing prescriptions without ever seeing the patients or even reviewing their medical records . It has created a list of nearly 80 sites selling online drugs that it recommends people not use . It is illegal in every state for doctors to prescribe medicines to patients whom they do not know across state lines . It is also illegal in most states for pharmacies to ship prescriptions to where they have no license to operate . The National Association of Boards of Pharmacy has tried to lobby Congress , asking for some federal oversight or federal prosecution to stem the tide of illegal Internet pharmacies . But Catizone says legislators gave the board a chilly response : " ` Show us the dead bodies , ' and if that was me or my family , that 's a pretty sad statement for our legislators to give . " It is unknown just how many people have died from overdoses related to these online drug sales . It is also unknown how many people have tried to commit suicide with drugs bought online , as Nancy Fitzpatrick of Washington state tried to do earlier this year . She showed CNN her prescription for Soma . The drugs were delivered by a pharmacy in American Fork , Utah , and prescribed by a doctor in Long Island , New York . "  I wanted to end it , I wanted to die , " "  Fitzpatrick said , describing how she swallowed about 130 pills after she fell into a deep depression . Fitzpatrick , the sister of CNN investigative producer David Fitzpatrick , says she had no contact with the doctor or the pharmacy . Read about a sister found , an abuse uncovered The doctor , Kareem Tannous , lives in a $ 4-million estate on Long Island and runs three health clinics . When confronted about the prescriptions in front of his Valley Stream , New York , clinic , Tannous hustled to his car and drove off without answering any questions . Workers inside Roots Pharmacy in American Fork , Utah , also refused to answer questions about why Fitzpatrick 's prescriptions from Tannous were filled . The office in the small foothill town has a bolted security door and closed-circuit security cameras . The workers inside refused to even open the door or provide the name of the owner . In the reception area on the first floor , dozens of boxes of Federal Express envelopes were waiting to be filled . While CNN cameras rolled , one of the workers emptied a large clear plastic trash bag filled with empty wholesale prescription drug bottles . Most of the containers were labeled Carisoprodol , the generic name of the muscle relaxant Soma . "  They need to be stopped , " Fitzpatrick said of the doctors and pharmacies involved . "  It just boggles my mind that it 's so simple . " CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	CNN reporter gets drugs online without ever seeing a doctor as part of investigation Widow describes losing her husband to overdose of drugs bought online Expert says online pharmaceutical industry needs better regulation Woman tells CNN she tried to commit suicide after falling into deep depression
CNN  -- Should baby food makers be required to post lead warnings on their products in California ? That 's the question at stake in a civil trial that kicked off Monday in Alameda County Superior Court in Oakland . Some of the country 's biggest baby food makers are defendants in the case , including Beech-Nut Nutrition , Del Monte Foods , Dole and Gerber . In a 2011 lawsuit , the Environmental Law Foundation alleged that many of those companies ' foods and juices contain lead and that under California law , they are required to warn consumers . The suit targets products marketed and intended for babies and toddlers , including grape juice , packaged peaches and pears , carrots and sweet potatoes . It seeks to require the companies to put warning labels on their products , and face penalties of up to $ 2,500 per violation per day . "  Our hope is that rather than put the labels on , these companies will get off their duffs and do what all their competitors are doing and just get the lead out , " said Jim Wheaton , president of the Environmental Law Foundation , a California-based environmental group . "  We banned lead in paint , we banned it in gasoline . What is it doing in baby food ? " According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , some 500,000 U.S. children ages 1 to 5 have unsafe levels of lead in their blood . Exposure to lead can affect virtually every system in the body and cause intellectual and behavioral deficits . Representatives for Del Monte and Gerber declined to discuss the case Monday , both saying they do not comment on pending litigation . Messages left with Dole and Beech-Nut were not immediately returned . Attorneys for the defendants have previously argued they will show no warnings are required . "  Despite the trace amounts of lead in the products at issue , the federal government has determined that Americans need to eat more -- not less -- of these nutritious foods , " they said in court documents . The Grocery Manufacturers Association , a trade group , released a statement stressing that Food and Drug Administration tests on products in the lawsuit found they do not pose any health concerns . "  Many minerals , including lead , are found naturally in soil and water throughout the world . As a result , virtually all foods grown in nature , including fruit -- whether fresh or packaged -- contain trace levels of such naturally occurring minerals , " it said . "  Recognizing this , the FDA regularly tests a wide variety of foods , including fruit juice and packaged fruit products , for lead and other minerals . The FDA has repeatedly concluded that these categories of products do not contain lead in amounts that would pose an unacceptable health risk to adults or children . " The trial , which is expected to last three to four weeks , has no jury . It 's being heard by Judge Steven Brick . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	The lawsuit was filed by a California environmental group in 2011 It concerns some of the country 's biggest baby food makers The suit seeks to require companies put warning labels on their products
CNN  -- Facebook gets a lot of attention for being , uh , your space -- a handful of entry fields in which to sum up your awesomeness , right down to the bewildering "  Write something about yourself " box . Researchers fixate on what your profile says about you , while increasingly complex pages , plug-ins and boxes  what are those all about , anyway ?  make it clear that Facebook is all about you . Still , at least one tab of your Facebook profile is largely left to others ' devices : the wall . Here , controlled chaos reigns as friends and sometimes even strangers add uncensored commentary to your digital persona . The wall 's a totally bizarre concept , if you think about it : You 're writing a message to your friend , but instead of getting it to him directly  Hey , the "  send message " button is right there  , you post a thought for the world to see . It 's an opportunity for your friends to showcase their wit , trot out inside jokes and flirt publicly . It 's also an opportunity for your pals to completely screw you over . When it comes to interacting on the FB , we suggest you cease and desist with the following : Boneheaded move : Dirtying up a friend 's wall Just because you are wise enough to say "  no " to friend requests from your Aunt Susie , your former co-worker and your little cousin Tyler does n't mean the same is true of your friends . Swearing or making mention of a friend 's questionable  or even questionably legal  early-morning decisions on his or her wall is just as unclassy as her 3 a.m. dip into the never-dry pool of bad decisions . Yeah , your bud might don an uber-short denim romper and cuss up a storm in a Peaches cover band on the weekends , but let her be the gatekeeper of that intel . Boneheaded move : "  Liking " your friend 's sob story Your journo friend wrote a heartbreaking article about a passel of homeless kittens being drowned at the local shelter . The headline is "  Hundreds of Kittens Killed in Shelter Sham . " Admiring your friend 's grabby lede and use of alliteration , you click to give the article a thumbs-up . In fact , you "  like " it . Oops . You sick animal-hating freak , you . Let 's try another one . Your friend writes a lengthy and hilarious note about his hapless Tuesday , complete with food poisoning , an awkward run-in with an ex at the used bookstore and an uninsured visit to the hospital after a precarious light fixture gave up hanging by its cord and crashed onto his cranium . You , appreciative of the comedic tone and spot-on delivery , "  like " the description of said friend 's terrible , horrible , no-good , very bad day . Yeah . Real nice . Look , if a status update is n't overtly cheerful , skip straight to a pleasant comment , OK ? Or just buy homeboy a beer . That , he 'll really "  like . " Boneheaded move : Blowing an announcement Oh em gee , oh em gee , Ricky finally proposed to his girlfriend ! Oh em gee , oh em gee , you must immediately share your opinion that it 's about damn time , and even though you do n't believe in marriage as an institution , you are pumped for the celebration and hope he 'll consider letting your glam rock glittered-out indie band play at the reception ! Sans further ado , you rush to the book of faces , fingers aflutter , and hit the caps-lock key before filling in a long and detailed wall post , full of much congratulations and merriment . Except that Ricky has n't made this announcement himself yet , and he and his fiance are feverishly calling up dozens of loved ones and convincing each that he or she is very first to hear the good news . Now the remaining handful of VIPs make the discovery at the same time as the mouth-breathing masses , thanks to your TMI wall post . Ricky 's friends and relatives are pissed at him , Ricky 's pissed at you , and you sure as hell ai n't getting the wedding-band gig that would almost certainly send you soaring toward a record deal and indie rock stardom . All because you could n't keep your mouth shut . This goes for bad news , as well : Major life events such as train wreck-like break-ups , unforeseen job losses and the tragic deaths of beloved pet parakeets are best announced by he who is most personally affected . The simple fix : Send a Facebook message instead . You could also try an e-mail or even  gasp !  pick up the telephone , but we know interpersonal communication is about as passe as those chill beach-rock beats your band was pumping out six months ago .	Swearing or making mention of a friend 's questionable behavior on his or her wall is unclassy Do n't blow a friend 's major announcement by putting it on Facebook before they do "  Liking " a friend 's sob story could make you look like a jerk , even if you 're kidding
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama is "  very concerned " about Greece 's economic crisis , sees mounting threats against the United States from non-state actors and wants to resolve the dispute with Russia over adoptions , he said in an interview released Saturday by the White House . "  I am very concerned about what 's happening in Europe , " Obama told the Russian television station Channel Rossiya in the wide-ranging interview , responding to a question about the Greek economic crisis . "  But I think it is an issue that the Europeans recognize is very serious , " he said . "  Greece is taking some very difficult measures -- at least they 've put forward a plan that calls for difficult measures . " This week , Greek lawmakers approved a package of budget-cutting measures to help the country 's battered economy -- measures that were required to meet the terms of a 110 billion euro  $ 140 billion  bailout . European Union leaders called for a "  stabilization mechanism " on Saturday in hopes of easing markets shaken by Greece 's economic crisis before they re-open Monday . Obama said the Greek crisis and the resulting global economic fallout point to a new breed of non-state-based threats facing the United States and other powerful nations . "  The real threats against Russian well-being or U.S. well-being to a large degree are at this point much more aligned than they 've ever been , " Obama said in the interview , which was taped Thursday at the White House . "  It has to do with non-state actors . "  It has to do with the proliferation of nuclear weapons . It has to do with environmental catastrophes . It has to do with an integrated economy in which if you see a crisis in Greece taking place , that can affect world markets . " Obama invoked terrorism as another of those threats . "  We just recently had an attempted terrorist act in New York , " he said , referring to the failed car bombing of Times Square last Saturday , "  and it 's a signal I think that whether these activities are happening in Moscow or they 're happening in New York , that countries have to work together to make sure that these terrorists are apprehended , that their networks are destroyed , that their sources of financing dry up . " Speaking about U.S.-Russia relations , Obama said he wants the U.S. Senate to ratify a major nuclear arms treaty between the United States and Russia before November 's midterm elections . President Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed the new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty -- known as START -- in April . The agreement reduces the number of nuclear weapons held by the United States and Russia by about one-third , among other provisions . "  Our hope , " Obama said in the interview , is that the Senate "  will be able to review it quickly . " Speaking further about international nuclear arms reduction , Obama called North Korea and Iran "  two outliers " but said he 's "  very heartened " by other nations ' receptivity to his call for new sanctions on Iran over its nuclear program . Obama also said that U.S. and Russian officials are working toward an agreement regarding American adoptions of Russian children after an uproar last month over a Tennessee woman sending a 7-year-old Russian boy she adopted back to his home country . Russia said it was freezing American adoptions of Russian children after the incident , but a senior State Department official said this week that Russian authorities continue to approve U.S. adoptions . "  What happened with the small number of children who have been adversely affected is terrible , " Obama said . "  And we ca n't minimize what 's happened . " But Obama said that "  there have been tens of thousands of Russian children adopted by U.S. families . The overwhelming majority are leading happy , healthy lives . " "  We want to make sure that we preserve the best of the system while eliminating these abuses , " he said . Obama spoke in personal terms about his relationship with Medvedev , the Russian president . "  I 've been very impressed with him , " Obama said . "  I think he is a strong leader , a good man , very thoughtful . " "  I find it very easy to do business with him , and I think we 've established a relationship , a real trust that can be hopefully bearing fruit in the negotiations and conversations that we have in years to come . " Obama said that he had invited Medvedev to visit the United States in June and that he hoped the trip would showcase steps the United States and Russia are taking to strengthen economic ties between the two nations . "  It 's important to recognize that the whole concept of reset between U.S. and Russian relations is not just on issues of security , " Obama said . "  One of the things that President Medvedev and I have discussed is how can we really ramp up our commercial , our trade , our economic ties . "	President Obama troubled by Greece 's economic woes European Union leaders call for "  stabilization mechanism " to ease markets Obama seeks resolutions to nuclear arms treaty , adoption issues with Russia
London  CNN  -- Thousands of homes are under threat , rail services have been canceled , and soldiers have been called in to boost flood defenses as Britain braces for more devastating rain . Authorities in the UK spent the weekend battling widespread flooding in the south and west of the country , areas among the hardest hit by heavy storms in Britain , Ireland and northwestern France . The Environment Agency has issued 14 severe flood warnings along the River Thames in southern England , where it said river levels that were already extremely high were forecast to continue to rise . Britain has been hit by bad weather since early December , namely powerful gales and torrential downpours , and swaths of southwestern England have been flooded , forcing many out of their homes . And there is no letup just yet . "  Extreme weather will continue to threaten communities this week , with further severe flooding expected Monday evening into Tuesday along the Thames in Berkshire and Surrey , " Paul Leinster , chief executive of the Environment Agency , said in a statement . "  River levels are high across south west , central and southern England and further rain has the potential to cause significant flooding . " Wettest January in 248 years England suffered the wettest January since 1766 , and the Environment Agency said it is also moving toward the wettest winter in 250 years . Gusts of up to 80 mph , heavy rain and massive waves have made up the latest extreme weather coming from the Atlantic Ocean and driven , meteorologists say , by a long and powerful polar vortex . Hundreds of people have already been forced out of their homes . And with the ground heavily saturated , any more rain will increase the flood risk across the country . Soldiers have been deployed to some of the most affected areas to boost flood defenses by filling and stacking sandbags . Rivers have burst their banks , submerging nearby trees and benches and threatening properties . ` Major Incident ' Alongside the River Thames , some villages saw their main streets already flooded and thousands of homes were under threat . Some residents paddled canoes or pushed wheelbarrows filled with belongings down residential streets . "  Police have declared the flooding situation in Thames Valley a Major Incident and continue to work with partners to help local communities , " Thames Valley police tweeted . Train connections have also been disrupted as the strong winds and heavy rain have caused flooding , landslides and obstructions on railways . "  At the moment Eastbury and Purley on Thames -- two of several areas which are on flood alert -- they 're actually flooded , " Peta Stoddart-Crompton , of West Berkshire Council , said . "  We 've got the military helping us . We 're right in the middle of a crisis . People have had to leave their homes . We have been in an emergency situation for a few days now . We 've had our emergency center open . " Government under pressure The government has come under pressure for its handling of the storms battering Britain . Parts of some areas have been underwater for more than a month , with angry residents criticizing the government for not doing enough to prevent flooding or not reacting quickly enough to help those affected by the devastation . Prime Minister David Cameron has announced extra funding for flood defense repairs and maintenance . "  We will keep providing whatever immediate practical support and assistance is needed , whether that is extra pumps and sandbags ; military support on the ground ; emergency funds from the new  # 7 million  $ 11.5 million  severe weather assistance fund for local councils , " he said in a statement . Cameron traveled to some of the affected areas Monday . Another meeting of the government 's emergency committee was scheduled for later on Monday . CNN 's Zahra Ullah and Lucy Pawle contributed to this report .	More severe flooding forecast in wet and windy Britain Fourteen severe flood warnings issued along River Thames England suffered the wettest January in 248 years Government has come under pressure for its handling of the crisis
CNN  -- Seattle is a city of permanent caffeine buzz . As well as being the birthplace of Starbucks , Seattle boasts countless independent coffee houses where the humble cup of Joe is served in all manner of fancy permutations . Fancy an iced maple white-chocolate mocha ? Then this is your kind of town . Get your morning fix at the ever-popular Espresso Vivace Roasteria  901 E Denny Way and 227 Yale Ave  , or at one of the many branches of local chain Tully 's . Restaurant Crush is still talk of the town . After a morning of coffee-fueled sightseeing , carb load at Caf Flora  2901 East Madison Street  , which boasts a wholesome organic menu that just happens to be vegetarian . The hearty Sunday brunch is especially good . You can always put together your own lunch by picking up some fantastic produce at Pike Place Market , or you can just browse the stalls before filling up on fiery Tex-Mex fare at World Class Chili  93 Pike Street  , which is as good as its name claims . It 's also a decent choice for spice-loving vegetarians . Dinner in Seattle means picking from a huge selection of quality dining spots . Crush  2319 East Madison Street  is still talk of the town , which means you 'll need to book well ahead to be sure of getting a table . The dcor is minimal but warm , and the food is a fine example of what is known as Modern Northwest cuisine . Modern Northwest cuisine has Asian and Native American influences and is big on fresh local ingredients -- which means plenty of seafood . Another great place to sample the style is at Canlis  2576 Aurora Avenue North  , which overlooks Lake Union and is famed for its extensive wine list . Chef Tom Douglas is reputed to be the originator of Northwest cuisine and his Dahlia Lounge  2001 4th Avenue  is famed for its desserts . Try the doughnuts with vanilla mascarpone , served still warm and utterly delicious . For something more European you should venture to Campagne  86 Pine Street  to dine on robust southern French cuisine while looking out over Pike Place and across Elliot Bay , while Sushi fans will want to grab a seat at Shiro 's Sushi Restaurant  2401 2nd Avenue  . If you 're lucky you 'll get to see Kyoto-born chef Shiro Kashiba masterfully preparing fish plucked from the waters of Puget Sound . Maneki  304 6th Avenue South  is another good bet for sushi , and if that does n't satisfy your seafood cravings , make your way to Elliott 's Oyster House on Pier 56 . As well as oysters there 's local Dungeness crab and wild Northwest salmon , and if the sun is shining the outdoor deck has glorious waterfront views . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Seattle picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Seattle is a city on a coffee buzz -- grab a cup at Espresso Vivace Roasteria Modern Northwest cuisine uses fresh local ingredients , especially seafood Crush , Canlis and Dahlia Lounge serve Modern Northwest cuisine at its best Elliott 's Oyster House has great crab and salmon -- as well as oysters
CNN  -- Federal officials are urging consumers to put off eating foods that contain peanut butter until assurances are made that the foods do not contain products manufactured by the Peanut Corp. of America , some of which were found to contain salmonella . A salmonella outbreak has sickened almost 500 people and killed at least six . Food and Drug Administration officials said Saturday that peanut butter and peanut paste made from ground roasted peanuts , manufactured in Peanut Corp. 's Blakely , Georgia , plant were found to contain the bacteria , although a direct link to the strain that has now sickened 474 people in 43 states has not been found . Six deaths may have been connected to this salmonella outbreak . Peanut Corp. announced an expanded recall of peanut butter and peanut paste produced from its Georgia plant Friday night . Peanut Corp. does n't directly supply to supermarkets , so brand-name peanut butters are not expected to be affected , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Instead , Peanut Corp. sells produce in bulk . The peanut butter is sold in containers from 5 to 1,700 pounds . Peanut paste is sold in sizes from 35-pound containers to tankers . The peanut paste is used in the manufacturing of cakes , candies , crackers , cookies and ice cream , FDA officials say . Minnesota and Connecticut health officials have confirmed salmonella Typhimurium linked to this outbreak in bulk containers found in institutions such as prisons , schools and nursing homes . The FDA is urging companies that make these foods to check whether they use peanut butter or paste produced by the company . The recalled peanut butter was manufactured on or after August 8 , 2008 ; the peanut paste was produced on or after September 26 , 2008 . The administration is urging companies to notify consumers if the products they manufacture may contain peanut products from Peanut Corp. . It is also urging companies whose products do not contain Peanut Corp. peanut butter or paste to make that information available to the public . The Kellogg Co. announced a voluntary recall of 16 products , including Keebler and Famous Amos peanut butter cookies , because they contain peanut butter that could be connected to Peanut Corp. . The FDA does not have the authority to order a recall of products . It has to rely on companies doing so voluntarily . Congress would have to pass a law to give the FDA such power Peanut Corp. products are also distributed by King Nut Co. , which voluntarily recalled its products a week ago . "  The majority of products -LSB- like cookies , crackers , ice cream -RSB- are manufactured with products that do n't come from PCA , " said Dr. Stephen Sundlof , the FDA 's director of the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition . However , until people can be sure that the peanut cookies or crackers they have do not contain product from Peanut Corp. , the FDA is asking consumers to hold off on eating them . Sundlof said a previous outbreak linked to salmonella-contaminated peanut butter showed that the bacteria are not necessarily killed if the product is heat-treated or baked . "  It took temperatures up to 250 degrees -LSB- Fahrenheit -RSB- to kill salmonella , " Sundlof said . Even if a cookie is cooked at 350 degrees , it does n't guarantee that the center of the food gets that hot , making it possible for some some salmonella bacteria to survive . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : Salmonella outbreak has sickened 475 says FDA Peanut Corp. of America products found to contain salmonella Brand-name peanut butters are not expected to be affected FDA urges manufacturers to announce whether they use certain products
