CNN  -- It may not be legal , but it 's definitely popular . For just 10 Guatemalan quetzals , or 15 Mexican pesos  the equivalent of just over a U.S. dollar  , you can pay to ride a zip line across a river and into a new country . A news team from Mexico 's Televisa network , a CNN affiliate , found four zip lines crossing over the Suchiate River , which serves as part of Mexico 's southeastern border with Guatemala . They observed people crossing into Mexico in broad daylight , apparently not worried about immigration authorities posted not far from there . Guatemalans on both sides of the border are in charge of the zip line and collecting money from people willing to cross . A Guatemalan immigrant getting ready to cross the border using the zip line admitted he was doing so illegally . He said he had "  obtained my passport but did n't know I also need a visa to cross " into Mexico . Mexico shares a largely unpopulated , almost 600-mile border with Guatemala marked by jungle and rugged mountains . The zip lines connect the Guatemalan community of El Carmen to the Mexican town of Talisman . Once in Mexico , migrants travel on freight trains or by bus to the U.S. border , although many never get there . Last week , Mexican authorities stopped a bus in the central Mexican state of Queretaro with 104 undocumented migrants on board . Last August , 72 migrants were killed by a Mexican drug cartel in a ranch in San Fernando , Tamaulipas , only 100 miles south of the U.S. border . Those who do get to the U.S. border have another river to cross , the Rio Grande  or Rio Bravo , as it 's known in Mexico  or a 21-foot wall . Many are now going underground . On a recent trip to Arizona , U.S. border patrol agents gave a CNN crew access to a tunnel being illegally used for this purpose . The mile-long tunnel was built to prevent flooding in the border city of Nogales , Arizona , but it has been increasingly used in recent years to smuggle immigrants and drugs . U.S. Border Patrol Agent Ariel Medeles says crossing this way can be dangerous . "  There was a group down here and then they got caught in the flash flood and hours later they were looking for a body north of the openings , " says Medeles . Some immigrants die trekking across the treacherous Arizona desert , but many thousands more make it to the land of their dreams , after a trip of hundreds -- even thousands -- of miles . For some , that journey begins at a zip line across the Suchiate .	Zip lines cross the Suchiate River on the Guatemala-Mexico border People entering Mexico illegally can ride across for a relatively modest sum A long and dangerous road still lies ahead for those heading for the U.S.
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- An empty chair stood in for imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo as he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in absentia on Friday amid protests and condemnation from China . China has responded furiously since the Nobel committee announced on October 8 that Liu would be its peace prize winner . Officials have repeatedly called Liu a common criminal and declared the award a Western plot against China . The rhetoric continued Friday with China calling the awarding of the prize to Liu a "  political farce . " "  The decision of the Norwegian Nobel Committee does not represent the wish of the majority of the people in the world , particularly that of the developing countries , " said Jiang Yu , a Chinese Foreign Ministry official . Liu , a professor of literature , is serving an 11-year sentence in a Chinese prison for what the government called "  inciting subversion of state power . " He was not allowed to travel to Norway to accept the prize , nor was his wife , Liu Xia . Nobel committee chairman Thorbjorn Jagland , in awarding the prize Friday , likened Liu Xiaobo to Nelson Mandela , the former South African president who fought the apartheid regime . After announcing the award , Jagland placed Liu 's medal in the empty chair , the second time such a symbol has been used in the event . Before the ceremony , some Twitter users who listed their location as Beijing had changed their profile pictures to an empty chair . In his speech , Jagland commended China for lifting millions out of poverty , but said democracy and free speech must go hand in hand with its economic development . "  China , too , will grow stronger if its people are granted civil rights , " Jagland said . While Chinese officials have said the prize represents a Western perspective , human rights activists in China "  represent the world 's common values and standards , " Jagland said . He added that Liu has done nothing wrong and "  must be released . " U.S. President Barack Obama also called for Liu 's immediate release . "  Mr. Liu reminds us that human dignity also depends upon the advance of democracy , open society , and the rule of law , " Obama said in a statement . "  The values he espouses are universal , his struggle is peaceful , and he should be released as soon as possible . " As the awards ceremony was getting under way , a large number of officers stood guard outside the west central Beijing apartment complex where Liu 's wife has been under house arrest since her husband 's award was announced . Journalists were cordoned off in a small area next to the building . The police presence outside the Norwegian Embassy in Beijing had also increased early Friday as groups of protesters gathered there and at the city 's U.N. offices . Jagland said Thursday that the award is not a protest . "  It is a signal to China that it would be very important for China 's future to combine economic development with political reforms and it is support for those people in China who are struggling for basic human rights , " Jagland told reporters . Beijing also put pressure on its allies and other countries not to attend the peace prize ceremony , and it hastily announced its own honor -- the Confucius Peace Prize , which was awarded Thursday to former Taiwanese Vice President Lien Chan . That award was accepted by a 6-year-old girl on Lien 's behalf . Lien did not know about the prize , his office said . Amnesty International said it had received reports from "  reliable sources " that Chinese diplomats in Norway have been pressuring Chinese residents into joining anti-Nobel demonstrations . On Thursday , the U.N. 's human rights chief called for Liu 's release from prison and criticized what she said were "  recent restrictions placed on an ever-widening circle " of the dissident 's associates . "  In recent weeks , my office has received reports of at least 20 activists being arrested or detained and more than 120 other cases of house arrest , travel restrictions , forced relocations and other acts of intimidation , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay told reporters . Jagland said the committee expected a "  harsh reaction " from Beijing . But "  we are very glad to see that two-thirds of the nations that have embassies in Oslo will be attending the ceremony , and most of them are very big , very important countries , " he added . Among those attending was U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who was part of the official delegation on behalf of Liu and his wife . Of the 19 countries that declined to come to Friday 's ceremony -- including China , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Iraq and Iran -- Jagland said Thursday that two had reconsidered : Ukraine and the Philippines . But the state-run China Daily newspaper reported Friday that "  most nations " had expressed their support for China 's stance , citing a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman . The spokeswoman , Jiang Yu , said the award would not change the fact that "  Liu committed crimes . " Friday 's ceremony included songs by a children 's choir -- a special request made by Liu through his wife , according to Lundestad . And Norwegian actress Liv Ullmann was on hand to read one of Liu 's "  most interesting and beautiful texts , " Jagland said . Jagland predicted that keeping Liu , 54 , in prison for the entirety of his 11-year sentence may prove impossible after the prize was awarded . "  The pressure from the outside world will be on China to release him . In today 's world , it is totally impossible to close a country . We already know that a lot of Chinese know about the prize , and this is creating a huge pressure on China , " Jagland said . Several foreign news websites -- including CNN and BBC -- were blocked in mainland China Thursday and Friday . Broadcasts of CNN International were blacked out intermittently , when news of the peace prize was reported . CNN reports about China 's new Confucius Peace Prize were not blocked . Internet companies in China are treating Chinese characters for "  Liu Xiaobo , " "  Nobel , " and peace prize as "  sensitive words , " said Jeremy Goldkorn , editor of Danwei.org -- a website about Chinese media and Internet . Acting on government instructions , the companies are deleting text containing those words , preventing such text from being uploaded , or returning no results on searches for the words , he said . "  I think the main aim is to reduce the chances of Chinese citizens seeing that the Liu Xiaobo Nobel Prize is big news internationally , and to make it more difficult for articles sympathetic to Liu Xiaobo and photos of him to be copied and circulated inside China , " Goldkorn said . The last time an empty chair was used to represent an absent winner was when German peace activist Carl von Ossietzky won the 1935 award , according to Geir Lundestad , director of the Nobel Institute . Ossietzky was under "  protective custody " in Nazi Germany and could not come to accept the award in person , nor was he represented by anyone . Three other Nobel peace laureates were also unable to attend their ceremonies for political reasons -- human rights activist Aung San Suu Kyi , Polish trade union leader Lech Walesa , and Russian Cold War dissident Andrei Sakharov -- but spouses or other relatives accepted the awards on their behalf . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz , Jo Ling Kent , Stan Grant and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says Liu Xiaobo "  should be released as soon as possible " Chinese state media says "  most nations " support the country 's stance Nobel chairman says human rights activists in China "  represent the world 's common values and standards " An empty chair represented Liu at the event
A choir of protests echoed through the country 's quintessential megamall , when a few hundred demonstrators from Black Lives Matter raised their voices at the Mall of America . They held the protest Saturday against the Bloomington , Minnesota , mall 's wishes , and were met by police who made at least 20 arrests , CNN affiliate KARE reported . "  We are extremely disappointed that organizers of Black Lives Matter protest chose to ignore our stated policy and repeated reminders that political protests and demonstrations are not allowed on Mall of America property , " AoM 's said in a statement . The mall bills itself as the nation 's largest with more than 500 businesses . It is big enough to hold seven Yankee Stadiums , its management boasts . It is home to an indoor roller coaster , the Sea Life Aquarium , and about a dozen more attractions , but on Saturday amusement was drowned out by echoes of "  black lives matter " and "  no justice , no peace . " Marchers raised their hands in the air and lay down to play dead -- simulating the deaths of young black men Michael Brown of Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner , of New York , in confrontations with police . As protesters unfurled banners of "  hands up , do n't shoot , " the mall answered with a video wall message in all caps reading : "  This demonstration is not authorized and is in clear violation of Mall of America policy . We expect all participants to disperse at this time . Those who continue to demonstrate will be subject to arrest . " Management shut down the stores on one side of the mall . Officers called out to the crowd to leave , police spokesman Mark Stehlik told KARE . But officers seemed patient , giving protesters multiple chances to comply . "  They could have arrested me ; they could have escorted me . They just asked me nicely to leave , and I did , " said Michael McDowell , one of the protest organizers . Police then arrested some who were less willing to leave on their own , KARE reported . Prosecutors plan to throw the book at them . "  They knowingly broke the law . They were involved in a situation that was very potentially dangerous , " city prosecutor Sandra Johnson said .	Police arrest at least 20 demonstrators , CNN affiliate reports Mall management asks organizers not to hold the protests on its private property Hundreds chant , hold up their hands and lie down to play dead Mall of America says it 's the nation 's largest
CNN  Unless you 've been stuck in a mine shaft or visiting a distant planet for the past few decades , chances are you 've heard of Bob Marley and Usain Bolt and can identify both as the most famous sons of Jamaican soil . Beyond reggae and track icons , however , there are many fascinating things less widely known about "  Jamrock " that make this island of just 3 million people stand out . Here are eight things to know for starters : James Bond 's birthplace Ian Fleming conjured up and penned the thrilling international spy novels known the world over by their larger-than-life , women - and evildoer-conquering protagonist , James Bond , in Oracabessa , a sleepy village in the parish of St. Mary on Jamaica 's north coast . Fleming named his rustic property Goldeneye after a World War II operation in which he 'd taken part as an intelligence officer . An avid birder , Fleming took 007 's name from the American author of "  Birds of the West Indies . " Travel photos we wish we 'd taken The first James Bond film , "  Dr. No , " was filmed in Jamaica , where the villain 's lair , actually a bauxite storage facility owned by Noranda , is hard to miss in Discovery Bay . And later in the film , Ursula Andress walked out of the surf and into movie history at one of Jamaica 's most spectacular beaches , Laughing Waters , located just west of Ocho Rios , where cool river water cascades directly into the warm Caribbean sea . After Fleming 's death , his Goldeneye property was sold to Island Records founder Chris Blackwell , who has transformed it into Jamaica 's most exclusive boutique hotel and villa resort . 10 things you did n't know about Las Vegas Roots of banana trade and Caribbean tourism Jamaica gave birth to the global banana trade and Caribbean tourism . In the late 1800s , steamships began plying routes between the Northeast United States and the parishes of St. Thomas , Portland and St. Mary in northeast Jamaica . When these steamships began carrying passengers seeking relief from the New England winter on the southbound journey , Caribbean tourism was born . Steamship captain Lorenzo Dow Baker was a pioneer in the banana trade and served as president of the Boston Fruit Company , which later became United Fruit Company through a merger and more recently became Chiquita Brands International . The banana industry waned in Jamaica in the face of crop disease and larger , more competitive plantations established in Central America . Today the island 's largest banana grower is Jamaica Producers , a locally held company that targets domestic and international markets with a range of agricultural products . Delicious coffee Jamaica Blue Mountain Coffee is among the most prized , and expensive , in the world , fetching upwards of U.S. $ 30 a pound . High elevation cloud forests make for an ideal long growing season and slow maturation period for coffee berries , ultimately yielding beans with a strong , full-bodied flavor void of the bitterness typical of coffee grown in other regions . Japanese coffee connoisseurs are the leading buyers of Jamaica Blue Mountain Coffee , which is a registered international trademark like Champagne , and regulated by Jamaica 's Coffee Industry Board . One of the best ways to learn about and taste Jamaica 's coffee is with a farm or factory tour . The Twyman family 's Old Tavern Estate is an excellent option , offering visitors a trip back in time to the days of small-scale cottage industry production . The Sharp family operates the neighboring Clifton Mount coffee farm with a slightly larger scale , more industrialized business . Mavis Bank Coffee Factory also offers tours . The buzzing factory buys its beans from thousands of farmers and is the largest industrial coffee processing and roasting operation in the Blue Mountains that opens its doors to visitors . 10 things to know before visiting Sicily Few Rastafarians While locked hair might be the most famous "  do " associated with the island , Jamaican adherents to the Rastafarian movement make up less than 2 % of the population , actually just 1.1 % , according to the CIA World Factbook . The iconic natural hairstyles associated with Rastafarians are anything but the norm on the island , where instead , chemically treated straightened hair , extensions , weaves and wigs are the norm for women , and most men rock short-cropped coifs . A refuge for exiled Jews and religious diversity Jamaica became a refuge for exiled Jews fleeing the Spanish Inquisition . The Spanish crown , which ruled the island between 1492 and 1655 , took a more relaxed stance on religious freedom , or at least a "  do n't ask , do n't tell " approach . Kingston 's active synagogue attests to the island 's small , yet prominent , Jewish community today . Today Jamaica has more churches per capita than any other country . The Anglican Church played a significant role during the slave period in maintaining order on the island and quelling discontent , while the Baptist Church , on the other hand , fueled slave uprisings ultimately leading to emancipation in 1834 . It would be difficult to find a religion not represented in Jamaica , and where a church structure does n't exist , Jamaicans are inclined to erect a tent for pop-up service . Pentecostals , Moravians , Catholics , Methodists , Seventh Day Adventists , Revivalists , Muslims , Hindus , Mormons and Jehovah 's Witnesses are all well represented , among numerous other faiths and denominations . Marijuana is illegal in Jamaica Despite the ubiquitous posters of Bob Marley and Peter Tosh with burning joints dangling from their mouths , marijuana is still illegal in Jamaica . But its legal status is slowly evolving . This year legislation was introduced to decriminalize marijuana use and develop a regulated medical and recreational marijuana industry following similar U.S. initiatives in Colorado and Washington State . The movement to decriminalize has been led in the political sphere by Minister of Justice Mark Golding , who announced in June that people carrying up to 2 ounces of pot will only be hit with a small fine , rather than be charged , and the infraction would n't result in a police record . Jamaicans with police records attributable to marijuana use charges will have their names cleared , enabling them to seek formal employment and travel visas . Jamaica is more than sun and sand The original name Xaymaca , bestowed by its original Taino inhabitants , means "  land of wood and water , " fitting for a mountainous island endowed with several distinct climatic zones , from arid near-desert conditions complete with sand dunes along the south coast to tropical rain forest in the northeast to high elevation alpine areas where nighttime temperatures fall below freezing in the Blue and John Crow Mountains . This climatic diversity and abundant fresh water from subterranean springs and rivers crisscrossing every parish , affords the relatively small island excellent conditions for growing a wide range of crops . A hike up to Blue Mountain Peak is a great way to take a break from the beach and get a bit of a workout . On a clear day , the summit affords spectacular views of Kingston and the coastline of several parishes meeting the Caribbean sea to the East , North and South . The Blue Mountains also provide bird watchers an opportunity to spot many of the island 's 280 species , 30 of which are endemic . Jamaican food is reason enough to visit the island While the country may be known for its jerk seasoning , which features local agricultural products like pimento  allspice  and hot Scotch bonnet peppers , Jamaican cuisine has much more to offer and the island 's lively foodie culture may be the best representation of its national motto , "  Out of Many , One People . " The influence of Indian cuisine is hard to miss , and curried goat , shrimp , lobster or vegetables are staples . Of course the seafood is hard to beat , with escovitch snapper borrowing elements from Spanish cuisine , while the accompaniment of fried bammy , made from cassava root , could n't be more local , as it was a staple starch for the original Taino inhabitants . The abundant fresh produce and quality of the ingredients on the island make it a natural manufacturing center for entrepreneurs concocting a wide array of sauces and preserves for the local market and export . Pickapeppa may be the most widely known condiment produced in Jamaica , but other more recent products on the scene , from Walkerswood to Belcour Preserves , are every bit as good . To get a taste of Jamaica 's best flavors , stop by Belcour in Maryland district in the Blue Mountains to sample mouthwatering chutneys , pepper sauces and preserves and walk among citrus orchards , orchid gardens and the apiary , or spend a few nights on the town in Kingston to sample the island 's best restaurants . Jakes boutique resort in Treasure Beach holds regular farm-to-table dinners that are lively affairs featuring a rotating cast of guest chefs . Oliver Hill is a financial news editor and author of a leading travel guide , Moon Jamaica  www.moonjamaica.com  . The print edition of the guide is published by Avalon Travel , a division of Perseus Books . Oliver can be reached at oliver.hill@moonjamaica.com .	Ian Fleming created James Bond in Jamaica Rastafarians make up less than 2 % of the population Marijuana is illegal , but the government is moving toward decriminalizing it
Beirut  CNN  -- At first glance , the brightness of the colors might just be enough to fool the casual viewer . But this abstract scene in "  Play in the City " is n't a cheerful one . Pain infuses this painting . "  Here 's a person who wants to kill another person , " says artist Anas Homsi , as he points towards a menacing figure in the composition , "  And here 's a person who wants to defend this person from being killed . " Homsi 's canvas is inspired by conflict - namely , the brutal civil war raging in his homeland of Syria . It 's just one of several works on display at the Joanna Seikaly Gallery in Beirut . In the exhibit , entitled "  True Colors " , Homsi along with two other Syrian artists , Wissam Shaabi and Fadi Al Hamwi , tackle warfare through works encompassing themes such as hope , survival and society . "  The violence pushes me to work more , to draw and paint , " explains Homsi , an intense young man who 's well aware how much he 's been impacted by the violence . "  It 's apparent in the faces , " he says , describing the characters who inhabit another one of his creations , "  the abnormalities - these are internal abnormalities more than external . " Homsi 's striking images are made all the more poignant when he describes the horror of learning how close relatives of his were recently executed . "  I never imagined this would happen to anyone in my family , " explains a visibly upset Homsi , "  Or that I would hear this news about anybody in my life . " Exiled Syrian writer honored For Homsi and his colleagues , art is what keeps them going through the toughest of times . As it turns out , the men are n't just close friends , they 're also former classmates , having studied together at the University of Damascus ' Faculty of Fine Art . While the art scene in Damascus had been growing more vibrant before the start of Syria 's civil war , it quickly changed once clashes spread . "  There 's more Syrian artists being showcased in Lebanon because most of the galleries closed in Syria , especially in Damascus , " says gallery owner Joanna Seikaly . For Seikaly , who feels the art scene in Lebanon has grown somewhat stagnant , this showcase is a timely one . "  It 's important to highlight the situation that 's going on in Syria , " says Seikaly , who adds that several Syrian artists who fled the fighting have ended up in Beirut . Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help For Shaabi , who left for Lebanon once it got too dangerous at home , it has been hard to remain optimistic . But he 's determined to do so . "  The only thing that keeps us running and living is hope , " the soft-spoken artist adds . It 's hope that Shaabi tries to convey more than anything else in his paintings . Dreamlike images in which bright colors offset an approaching darkness . "  You know , art is all about a message , " explains Shaabi . "  You send the message for the people . " In "  City of Hope " , Shaabi presents an idealized vision of peaceful coexistence - hustle and bustle in an urban environment free of strife . The symbolism could n't be more striking . A closer look reveals both a crescent and a cross in this cityscape . "  We will remain looking for the future , " says Shaabi . "  For a bright future . That 's the whole idea . " Just around the corner , however , the works of Fadi Al-Hamwi highlight a very different feeling - one of dread . "  You feel fear , " says Al-Hamwi . "  You feel like anytime something can happen . " As the last member of this group still living in Damascus , angst is part of his everyday reality . "  I 'm inside Syria . I can see the people . I can connect with them till now , " he says . That connection informs his art ; pieces full of foreboding . In "  Stinkbomb " , a dying man is on display , with a gas mask on his face and a rose in his hand - clinging to hope while slipping away . Melancholy seems to pervade Al-Hamwi 's personality . "  Sometimes when you feel down - you feel all these people are dead , you feel like your country is just destroyed - you feel you should do something maybe different than art " But those doubts do n't last long . Al-Hamwi sees his job as a necessary one ; that as an artist , he must document what he 's feeling and seeing . "  We feel sad , we feel tired . So for sure this will show in your colors . " The colors are as vivid as life - from artists taking their audience on an artistic journey that constantly reminds of death .	Syria 's brutal civil war depicted in Beirut exhibition Artists say their work keeps them going through tough times Most galleries in Syria have closed Several Syrian artists who have fled the fighting have ended up in Lebanon
CNN  The family of Ibragim Todashev , an associate of Tamerlan Tsarnaev who was killed during an FBI interrogation , plans to sue the agency . Todashev 's parents filed a "  notice of claim " Monday , saying they plan to seek $ 30 million in a wrongful death lawsuit . The claim argues the FBI has given "  no viable justification " to account for shooting and killing Todashev during a 2013 interrogation in Todashev 's apartment in Orlando , Florida . The interrogation occurred about a month after the Boston Marathon bombings and centered around another crime linked to bombing suspect Tsarnaev : a 2011 triple homicide in Waltham , Massachusetts . Todashev admitted to his direct role in slashing three people 's throats in Waltham and said Tsarnaev was involved as well , a federal law enforcement official told CNN in 2013 . It was during that interview that Todashev was shot dead . The Council on American Islamic Relations Florida filed the notice of the Todashev family 's intention to sue on Monday . "  We are seeking answers and justice for someone who was shot seven times by an FBI agent in his own home after hours of interrogation , " said Ali Kurnaz , a spokesman for the civil rights group . Many things that happened that day do n't add up , Kurnaz said . "  Todashev was unarmed with any gun , knife , explosive or other deadly weapon , " the notice says . "  Todashev did not pose a threat of serious bodily harm . " The FBI did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Officials who spoke to CNN after the shooting painted a different picture of what happened during the interrogation . One law enforcement official said Todashev attacked the FBI agent with a broom handle , gashing his head before the agent opened fire . At the time , the official stressed that the shooting was justified and done in self-defense because the agent felt threatened . A U.S. government official briefed on the investigation rebuffed the idea that Todashev was n't a threat -- noting , for instance , that he could have taken the agent 's gun . "  He was armed . Maybe it was n't a weapon , but he had a long object , " the official said . And because of Todashev 's martial arts expertise , "  he was a weapon himself . " But from the outset , that argument did n't add up to the Todashev family . "  My son was definitely unarmed , because he never had a gun , " father Abdulbaki Todashev told CNN in 2013 . "  He could n't attack them or fight them ; he could n't do anything because even two men could easily handle him . " The elder Todashev suggested his son may have been provoked . "  If you question someone for eight hours , you can provoke him into anything , " he said . Last year , Florida State Attorney Jeffrey Ashton said after an investigation the FBI agent 's actions were justified . "  Todashev  went down , but he was not incapacitated . He came up again in an aggressive manner , and the officer then fired the second volley of three or four shots . Which at that point essentially incapacitated Mr. Todashev , " Ashton said . "  It would seem almost superhuman , but everything that we have learned in the investigation would show an individual who has a great deal of tolerance of pain and would more or less fight beyond it . "  It seemed to me that if the goal was to get away , he could have gone out that back door and gotten away instead of going towards the officers . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Evan Perez , Phil Black and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Ibragim Todashev was killed during a 2013 FBI interrogation His family has filed a notice that it plans to the sue the FBI for $ 30 million Todashev was an associate of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev
Government surveillance of telephone records and conversations in the name of national security has long been controversial . The debate , which dates back decades , is back in the news with recent revelations that the U.S. government is collecting telephone records in the United States and some Internet traffic overseas . Here 's a primer on what the government is getting , how it affects you and what the legal debate is all about : I live in the United States . What kinds of records is the government collecting on me ? U.S. officials have acknowledged collecting domestic telephone records containing the time and date of calls and telephone numbers involved . A secret court order published by The Guardian newspaper also indicates the government is getting rough location information and details that would identify the specific handsets used to make mobile calls . That court order names Verizon Business Network Services , but analysts say similar orders are likely in effect for all U.S. carriers , meaning the government has logs of most , if not all , telephone calls . The Wall Street Journal , citing people familiar with NSA activities , reported Friday that the agency has also collected credit card records . But the newspaper could n't say if that collection effort is continuing or was a one-time effort . I live overseas . What might the United States have ? If you 're a United States citizen or permanent resident living or traveling overseas , the government says it 's not collecting anything on you , If it does , the government says , it 's incidental and the resulting data is kept under strict controls . But the picture could be different for citizens of other nations living outside the United States . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper on Thursday indirectly confirmed a program to collect data generated by overseas customers of some of the largest internet services companies in the world , including Microsoft , Yahoo , Google and Apple . Clapper 's statement came Thursday in response to stories in the Washington Post and The Guardian newspaper Thursday reporting the existence of a program called PRISM . The program is designed to collect "  audio and video chats , photographs , e-mails , documents " and other materials , The Post reported . The Wall Street Journal , however , said the monitoring does n't include the contents of messages . Opinion : NSA 's phone snooping a different kind of creepy Is the government listening to my phone calls ? Clapper says it 's not . What happens to the records ? The telephone records go into a database , where they ca n't be accessed unless a judge gives the go-ahead in a national-security investigation , Clapper said . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said Thursday that the records ca n't be accessed without "  reasonable and articulable suspicion " that they 're relevant to terrorist activity . It 's less clear what happens to the Internet monitoring data , but Clapper said it 's "  used to protect our nation from a wide variety of threats . " Why does the government need this information ? Access to such information "  allows counterterrorism personnel to discover whether known or suspected terrorists have been in contact with other persons who may be engaged in terrorist activities , particularly people located inside the United States , " a senior Obama administration official said Thursday . Clapper said Thursday that the telephone records allow analysts to "  make connections related to terrorist activities over time . " The Internet data collected overseas "  is among the most important and valuable foreign intelligence information we collect , and is used to protect our nation from a wide variety of threats , " he said . Who approved these programs ? Both programs have been approved by all three branches of government , officials say . The telephone records collection program was authorized by the Foreign Surveillance Intelligence Court under what Clapper called "  stringent condition . " It 's reviewed every 90 days , he said . Feinstein said the order published in The Guardian was the approval of one such 90-day review . The court is special judicial office set up as part of the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . The court operates in secrecy , reviewing requests by intelligence agencies to conduct electronic surveillance and other activities as part of espionage , terrorism and national security investigations . Is it legal ? The FISA Court , Clapper and other administration officials obviously think so . But many privacy advocates and some lawmakers believe this sort of broad data collection goes too far . "  While I can not corroborate the details of this particular report , this sort of widescale surveillance should concern all of us and is the kind of government overreach I 've said Americans would find shocking , " said Sen. Mark Udall , D-Colorado , who serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee . In a letter last year to Attorney General Eric Holder , Udall and Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , complained about secret interpretations of the Patriot Act , details of which are classified but which the senators said "  most Americans would be stunned to learn the details of . " "  As we see it , there is now a significant gap between what most Americans think the law allows and what the government secretly claims the law allows , " the senators wrote . "  This is a problem , because it is impossible to have an informed public debate about what the law should say when the public does n't know what its government thinks the law says . " Has this happened before ? In 2006 , it was revealed that the NSA was secretly collecting telephone records as part of an effort to root out potential terror plots . At that time , Verizon denied reports that it was providing the NSA with data from customers ' domestic calls . The company said that while it is committed to helping the government protect against terrorist attacks , "  we will always make sure that any assistance is authorized by law and that our customers ' privacy is safeguarded . " The Electronic Frontier Foundation is also suing the NSA over claims that it was working with AT&T and possibly other telecommunications companies to suck up enormous amounts of Internet traffic through secure NSA-controlled rooms attached to network stations . Other programs , some going back decades , have stoked similar concerns . In fact , abuses by intelligence services led to the passage of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act in an effort to rein in domestic surveillance practices .	Data collection revelations expand to Internet and credit card data What 's collected apparently differs based on location and citizenship The information helps stop terror plots , U.S. officials say Programs have been reviewed by secret court , declared legal , officials say
Eckernfoerde , Germany  CNN  -- It is almost totally silent , radiates virtually no heat and is constructed entirely from non-magnetic metals . Meet the U212A -- an ultra-advanced non-nuclear sub developed by German naval shipyard Howaldtswerke Deutsche Werft , who claim it to be "  the peak of German submarine technology . " And few would argue . The super-stealth vessel is the first of its kind to be powered by a revolutionary hydrogen fuel cell that lets it cruise the deep blue without giving off noise or exhaust heat . That 's important , because according to Bernd Arjes , a captain in the German Navy , silence keeps submariners alive . "  We operate in coastal waters around Europe and this submarine is specially designed for finding submarines . If you want to find other submarines of course you have to be quiet , " he said . With this latest technology , he added , "  the boat is virtually undetectable . " But being indistinguishable is not the only thing that sets the U212A apart . Unlike conventional subs , which need air to combust diesel , the fuel cell does n't require oxygen to operate . This means it can remain submerged for many weeks -- holding its breath many times longer than its gas-guzzling cousins . You 'd expect a boat like this to pack a punch , and you 'd be right . The 212A is armed with 12 heavyweight wire guided torpedoes , each capable of destroying a war ship or disabling an aircraft carrier . "  An aircraft carrier might not break with one torpedo but probably gets hit at the rudder or something . And then he probably ca n't maneuver into the wind to use his aircraft , " said Arjes . Germany , which has no nuclear weapons or nuclear-powered ships of its own , is the world 's third largest exporter of defense goods . HDW began developing the technology for the U212A in 1994 , with the first vessels reaching market in 2003 . Export editions have already been sold to the navies of Greece , Portugal and South Korea . But sub-aquatic sailors around the world should think twice before getting too excited over this new toy . With a high degree of self-automation , the sub requires only a small crew and there is extraordinarily little in the way of creature comforts for those few on board . And so it seems that even with all this state-of-the-art technology , a submariners life still remains one of confined living quarters and shared bunks .	The U212A is an ultra-advanced non-nuclear sub developed for the German Navy Powered by a revolutionary hydrogen fuel cell , it is almost totally silent Without the need for combustible fuel , the sub can remain submerged for weeks at time
CNN  -- Kenyan forces shot dead five people allegedly involved in an attack this week that turned a World Cup viewing party into a bloodbath . The five were killed Thursday in the coastal town of Mpeketoni as they tried to escape Kenyan forces , the ministry said Friday . Authorities detained additional suspects in the raid , including the owner and driver of a vehicle used in the attack on soccer viewers that killed at least 48 people , said national police chief David Kimaiyo . Another suspect , who was operating social media accounts allegedly used by Al-Shabaab , was also arrested , he said . Kenyan authorities aggressively looked for suspects in Sunday 's attack on the soccer viewers in the same town . Armed men stormed the city center , shooting and hacking people to death before moving into a residential area , where they went from door to door , the witnesses said . Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group active in Somalia , was not responsible , Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said earlier this week . Instead , he blamed local political networks . "  The attack was well planned , orchestrated and politically motivated ethnic violence against the Kenyan community with the intention of victimization for political reasons . This therefore was not an Al-Shabaab terrorist attack , " Kenyatta said . The heavily armed gunmen , many in military uniforms , attacked hotels , a restaurant , gas station , bank , police station and a government office , according to the Kenyan Red Cross . Video from the scene showed burned-out vehicles and walls pockmarked by bullets . Mpeketoni sits to the west of the Kenya-Somalia border , where the Kenyan army is fighting troops loyal to the al Qaeda-linked militant group . The attack in Mpeketoni is the deadliest attack in Kenya since Al-Shabab militants stormed Nairobi 's Westgate Mall last year , killing dozens . CNN 's Joyce Joseph , Lillian Leposo , Ralph Ellis and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	The five were killed as they tried to escape , ministry says 48 people were killed in Sunday 's attack Kenya 's president blamed it on "  local political networks "
CNN  -- The U.S. Marine believed responsible for the stabbing death of his wife in North Carolina along with a deadly shooting spree some 1,300 miles away in Texas had no known ties to the Lone Star State , authorities there said Wednesday . Lance Cpl. Esteban J. Smith , 23 , died Sunday in a shootout with Texas authorities after going on a two-hour rampage that left one person dead and five wounded , according to investigators . Police in Jacksonville , North Carolina , also believe he stabbed his wife to death . Authorities do n't know why Smith , an active duty Marine from Bakersfield , California , was 1,300 miles away from his duty station at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , said Tom Vinger , spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety . Tuesday , survivors of Smith 's Texas shooting spree said they were thankful to be alive . "  I do n't know how we survived it , " Casimiro Solis told CNN affiliate KTAB . He said he and his wife , Charlotte Feldman , were on their way to work in Brady , Texas , when a man police identified as Smith came up to them with a "  dead blank " look on his face and started firing . Authorities counted 16 bullet holes in their truck . Solis said hardware that attaches the shoulder belt to the truck caused one bullet that would have gone through Feldman to instead ricochet into the truck 's top . "  I really thought the side of my face was shot off , " Feldman told the station . Feldman and Solis suffered only minor wounds in the attack . In addition to Feldman and Solis , police say Smith killed Alicia Torres , 41 , in Eola , Texas , shot at two people in Eden , Texas , and wounded Concho County Sheriff Richard Doane just north of Eden in central Texas . Smith died in a firefight with state troopers and a game warden who arrived shortly after that incident . Authorities found an assault rifle , a handgun and hundreds of rounds of ammunition in Smith 's pickup . Smith 's wife , Rubi Estenania Smith , 21 , was discovered dead Sunday afternoon at a motel near Camp Lejeune , according to police in Jacksonville , North Carolina . Police located Rubi Smith 's body after agents with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service working on the Texas incident found some sort of evidence on Smith and contacted them for help . Police did n't describe the evidence . It appeared she had been stabbed , police said . Esteban Smith was a Marine rifleman who had served two tours in Afghanistan with the 3rd Battalion , 8th Marine Regiment , 2nd Marine Division , according to the Marine Corps . He first deployed to Afghanistan from August 2010 to May 2011 , then again from April 2012 until November . CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	The Marine in a Texas shooting spree has no known ties to the state , an official says Investigators do n't know why Esteban Smith was in Texas , the official says Texas authorities killed Smith Sunday after the deadly shooting spree He 's also believed responsible for the stabbing death of his wife in North Carolina
Washington  CNN  -- An Arkansas man charged with murder will be retried on the most serious offenses after the U.S. Supreme Court concluded Thursday a hung jury in his original criminal prosecution did not prevent the state from getting a second chance at a conviction . The 6-3 majority rejected the appeal of Alex Blueford , accused of killing his girlfriend 's infant son . "  The jury in this case did not convict Blueford of any offense , but it did not acquit him of any either , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  When the jury was unable to reach a verdict , the trial court properly declared a mistrial and discharged the jury . As a consequence , the Double Jeopardy Clause does not stand in the way of a second trial on the same offenses . " Blueford was prosecuted for capital murder , but the death penalty was waived if he were to be convicted . But the trial judge said the Pulaski County jury could also consider three less serious crimes . During deliberations , the judge asked for a progress report , and the panel 's forewoman in open court announced the jurors had rejected the capital and first-degree murder charges , but could not agree on manslaughter . They eventually deadlocked , and because of that , the 12 members did not even consider a separate , negligent homicide charge . The judge then declared a mistrial , but refused to give Blueford a partial victory on the capital and first-degree murder charges . Prosecutors then decided to retry the 29-year-old man on all the charges . The second trial was postponed until the high court could decide whether the defendant 's constitutional rights were being violated . The Double Jeopardy Clause of the Fifth Amendment prevents trying a person again for a crime after a verdict of not guilty . But state courts around the country are at odds on whether split verdicts on some counts allow retrial on all counts . Roberts , writing for the majority , said trial courts could . "  We have never required a trial court , before declaring a mistrial because of a hung jury , to consider any particular means of breaking the impasse -- let alone to consider giving the jury new options for a verdict , " he said . Justice Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , Stephen Breyer , and Samuel Alito supported the decision . Blueford had argued the jury should have been allowed to "  give effect " to the jury 's internal votes of not guilty on capital and first-degree murder . Justice Sonia Sotomayor agreed . "  At its core , the Double Jeopardy Clause reflects the wisdom of the founding generation ... that one acquittal or conviction should satisfy the law , " she wrote in a dissenting opinion . She added , "  This case demonstrates that the threat to individual freedom from reprosecutions that favor states and unfairly rescue them from weak cases has not waned with time . Only this court 's vigilance has . " Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Elena Kagan joined the dissent . The Little Rock defendant was prosecuted in the November 2007 death of 20-month-old Matthew McFadden Jr. . The state said the boy 's brain injuries were comparable to someone being dropped off a building . Blueford told police it was an accident , that he "  reflexively elbowed " the child into a nearby chair . The case is Blueford v. Arkansas  10-1320  .	Arkansas prosecutors had decided to retry all charges against Alex Blueford A jury had rejected capital and first-degree murder charges against him The jury was deadlocked on one lesser charge and did n't consider another Chief justice : A mistrial properly declared , double jeopardy does n't apply
CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned Sunday that the United States must establish a clear "  red line " that Iran can not cross with its nuclear program if it wants to avoid war . "  I think the issue is how to prevent Iran from completing its nuclear weapons program . They 're moving very rapidly to completing the enrichment of the uranium that they need to produce a nuclear bomb . In six months or so , they will be 90 % of the way there , " Netanyahu said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  I think it 's important to place a red line before Iran , and I think that actually reduces the chance of a military conflict because , if they know there 's a point , a stage in the enrichment or other nuclear activities that they can not cross because they 'll face consequences , I think they 'll actually not cross it , " Netanyahu told CNN 's Candy Crowley . U.N. nuclear agency expresses ` serious concern ' about Iran nuke activity Concerns in Washington that Israel could launch a pre-emptive strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities prompted a wave of visits this summer to Israel by several top Obama administration officials . Gen. Mohammad Ali Jafari , commander of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , warned Sunday , "  Our answer to the Zionist regime is quite clear . In the event of an attack on Iran by the Zionist regime there will be nothing left of Israel . " He added , "  Considering the size of Israel and its vulnerabilities and also because of the high number of our rockets , I do n't think anywhere in Israel will be safe . " Iran denies that it aims to build a nuclear bomb , saying that its nuclear program is for energy and medical use . U.S. President Barack Obama last week reportedly rejected Netanyahu 's call to lay down a line that Iran could not cross . According to The New York Times , during an hour-long telephone call between the two leaders , Obama did not embrace Netanyahu 's proposal to set a limit on the size of Iran 's stockpile of close-to-bomb-grade uranium and launch a military strike if Tehran exceeded it . Netanyahu has shown growing impatience with what he says is a lack of clarity by the Obama administration on articulating red lines over Iran 's nuclear ambitions . The administration has resisted pressure to take that step . "  We share a grave concern about Iran pursuing a nuclear weapon , " U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice told "  State of the Union " Sunday . "  We are determined to prevent that from happening . President Obama has been absolutely clear , and on this there 's absolutely no daylight between the United States and Israel that we will do what it takes to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon . " Steps the United States and other countries are taking to pressure Iran are working , Rice said . "  We have just seen the imposition of another layer of the toughest sanctions that have ever been imposed on a country , " she said , adding that Iran 's oil production and currency have both plummeted 40 % . "  And this is only going to intensify , so we think that there 's still considerable time for this pressure to work , but this is not an infinite window . " U.S. intelligence officials have said they do not believe Iran has decided to develop a nuclear weapon , even as evidence continues to mount that the country is improving its ability to do so . Far from establishing a threshold for military action , the closest White House spokesman Jay Carney would go last week was to repeat the commonly-used phrase "  the president is committed to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon . " Atomic enrichment in and of itself is not a red line , a U.S. official told CNN following the telephone call between Obama and Netanyahu . But Israel feels a sense of urgency , as negotiations aimed at curbing Iran 's nuclear ambitions have failed to produce an agreement and sanctions have fallen short of their intended effect . The issue has taken on a decidedly political tone with Netanyahu 's call coming at the height of the presidential election season . The prime minister told CNN that he knew people "  are trying to draw me into the American election , and I 'm not going to do that . " "  But I will say that we value , we cherish the bipartisan support for Israel in the United States , and we 're supported by Democrats and Republicans alike , " he said . "  This is not an electoral issue . It is not based on any electoral consideration . I think that there 's a common interest of all Americans , of all political persuasions , to stop Iran . This is a regime that is giving vent to the worst impulses that you see right now in the Middle East . "	NEW : If Israel attacks Iran , "  there will be nothing left of Israel , " an Iranian commander says NEW : There 's still time for pressure to work on Iran , the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. says Israel 's leader says in six months , Iran will have 90 % of what it needs to produce a bomb He says people are trying to draw him into the American election and he wo n't allow it
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI arrived in Havana on Tuesday amid speculation over whether he will meet with the island 's former president , Fidel Castro , and how far he 'll press the country for greater political and religious freedoms . Benedict visited both privately and publicly with President Raul Castro on Tuesday evening . Those meetings , at least one of which was expected to include Castro 's family , prompted talk as to whether that also would include the president 's older brother , who stepped down from power in 2006 after battling illness . The closely-watched trip is the second part of a two-country tour Benedict has used to spread the Catholic faith and address political issues -- at times subtly and on occasions more overtly . He had traveled to Mexico prior to heading to Cuba , and drew added attention when he said he prayed "  for those deprived of freedom . " Last week , the pontiff said that Cuba 's Marxist political system "  no longer corresponds to reality . " A top Cuban government official responded to the pope 's comments , saying his country 's system is sustainable and that it will not change . "  In Cuba , there will not be political reform , " said Marino Murillo , vice president of the island 's council of ministers . Also arriving on the island over the weekend was Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , reported by Cuban state television to be in Cuba for radiation treatment for cancer . It 's also not clear whether Benedict will visit with Chavez , who has frequently traveled to Cuba for medical care and to meet with the country 's leaders , but the island was abuzz Tuesday with talk over what kind of behind-the-scenes discussions among the leaders , if any , were being had . On Wednesday , Benedict is scheduled to preside over huge crowds during Mass in the capital 's Revolution Plaza , where 14 years ago Pope John Paul II addressed throngs of Cubans in the historic first papal visit to the island . Havana officials have been busy planning for his arrival , painting buildings and tacking posters across the city . The trip is timed to the 400th anniversary of Our Lady of Charity , Cuba 's patron saint , but uncertainty looms over what more will be said , with whom the pope will meet and what the visit will actually mean for Cubans . "  For me , I 'm very happy he 's coming , " said Juana DeArmas , a shopkeeper in the capital 's Old Havana district . "  I was here when John Paul came , and there were always plenty of tourists that followed . " The visit is also seen as a possible tourism boost to the island 's cash-strapped economy , as many residents seek to make use of a series of free market reforms that have slowly swelled the number of private businesses in the country . Small privately owned shops have since cropped up along side streets in the Cuban capital , and property , including real estate , can be bought and sold for the first time in decades . Benedict , 84 , arrived in Cuba 's southeastern city of Santiago de Cuba on Monday , later heading to the city 's Basilica del Cobre where he prayed in front of the Virgin of Charity of Cobre , a wooden statue considered to be the shrine of the island 's patron saint . Upon his arrival , the pontiff was greeted by Raul Castro and the country 's clergy , including Cuban Cardinal Jaime Ortega . With a red carpet rolled out to meet Benedict 's airplane , Castro walked beside the pontiff on Monday to a pair of large wooden chairs where the two stood for a brief photo op . A brass band played Cuba 's national anthem and other tunes as they stood together , while artillery rounds were fired nearby in celebration . Benedict told the audience he seeks to emphasize "  the importance of faith , " highlighting the need for good relations between the church and the Marxist state . "  I carry in my heart the just aspirations and legitimate desires of all Cubans , wherever they may be , " he said . Castro welcomed Benedict , saying his country has worked for peace and justice , but also took the opportunity to deliver a swipe at the United States . Even "  14 years after John Paul 's visit , " the U.S. economic embargo against Cuba persists , Castro said . Clad all in white , Benedict walked with the Cuban president , who was dressed in a dark suit , and greeted other state officials and clergy . Crowds of flag-waving Cubans lined the street on which Benedict 's motorcade traveled , as Cuban state television captured both ground and aerial footage of the trip . Benedict then celebrated Mass in the city 's square , drawing huge crowds , as legions of musicians playing wind and string instruments performed during pauses in his sermon , supported by what appeared to be concert-grade sound systems . Cuba says it wo n't change its political system In 1998 , Fidel Castro greeted a much different pontiff when thousands were introduced to John Paul II , who famously urged the nation "  to open to the world , and the world to open to Cuba . " "  There was a kind of love affair between John Paul and Latin America , " said CNN senior Vatican analyst John Allen . "  It just is n't the same with Pope Benedict . " In Mexico , an archbishop urged worshipers to stop making comparisons between Benedict and his predecessor , who drew massive crowds across Latin America and visited every country in the region before he died in 2005 . In Cuba , though John Paul helped to warm church-government relations , the country 's ties with religion have remained complicated . Decades earlier , Castro 's communist revolution sought to stamp out religious influence in Cuba , confiscating church property and expelling religious workers , some of whom had supported anti-Castro forces . The country was officially atheist until the 1990s when the constitution was amended , and references to atheism were replaced with secularism . Christmas was recognized as a holiday at that time , and Communist Party members were permitted to openly practice their faith , if they had one . Church officials now say the island is about 60 % Catholic , though few openly practice . Still , religious access to state television and the administration of religious schools remain largely restricted , which could be a point of emphasis during the pontiff 's trip , observers said . "  These papal visits can have an impact , " Allen said . "  They can kind of jar things loose . And it seems that under Raul , Cuba is taking baby steps toward normalization . " But many on the island seem skeptical that the trip will yield lasting results . While the country 's Roman Catholic Church has often been lauded for its role in recent reforms , it has also received heavy criticism for appearing too cozy with the government . Rights groups say the nation has largely emptied its jails of political prisoners , and yet it continues to harass the country 's activists .	NEW : Pope Benedict XVI arrives in Havana , meets with President Raul Castro Cuba was once an atheist state ; this is only the second papal visit there Church officials say the island is about 60 % Catholic , though few openly practice
Los Angeles , CNN -- As one of the most successful franchises in Major League Baseball history , the Los Angeles Dodgers opened the 2011 season with a victory over the World Champion San Francisco Giants . The nationally televised game was nearly sold out with a seating capacity of 56,000 fans . The franchise with six World Series championships was considered a strong contender for a pennant with new manager Don Mattingly , who succeeded Joe Torre . Since owner Frank McCourt acquired the team in 2004 , the Dodgers have reached the post-season four times , following a decade-long drought . But a vicious post-game attack on Giants fan Bryan Stow and McCourt 's bitter divorce proceeding have changed the landscape at one of baseball 's most picturesque parks . Equally disturbing is how fan attendance has declined dramatically , with many sections of the stadium now empty on game days . The renowned team that nurtured icons such as Sandy Koufax , Jackie Robinson , Tommy Lasorda and Fernando Valenzuela is unmistakably troubled , said Nelson Gayton , executive director of the Anderson Center for Managing Enterprises in Media , Entertainment and Sports at the University of California at Los Angeles . "  Here you have a team that is not only America 's darling but truly one of the crown jewels of Major League Baseball , " Gayton said . "  In many ways , what has happened is that the brand luster has been tarnished . I would say this has been happening precipitously over the last few years . And not winning could n't have helped . What you have is a turnaround that is much needed , " Gayton added . "  It 's a sad state of affairs . " But all 's not lost , Gayton said . "  If you 're going to ask me whether the value of the brand is diminished significantly , I would n't say that , " Gayton stated . That brand is partly founded in how the then-Brooklyn Dodgers broke baseball 's color line in the 1940s with the signing of Robinson , a former UCLA star who eventually became the first African-American elected to the Hall of Fame . The team debuted in Brooklyn in 1890 as the "  Bridgegrooms " and won the National League championship -- the first of 21 pennants that the club would win during the following 100 years . "  Trolley Dodgers " was later attached to the team because of the maze of trolley cars in the New York City borough of Brooklyn , and the nickname was shortened to its current form . In 1955 , the Dodgers won their first World Series , during the Robinson era . Then in 1958 , the team moved to Los Angeles , where it won the World Series again in 1959 . In another landmark , mellifluous broadcaster Vin Scully this year entered an unprecedented 62nd season announcing Dodgers baseball . Still , the attack of Stow on March 31 -- the season 's opener -- has cast a pall over the team : he was beaten nearly to death in the parking lot , supposedly by two Dodger fans , and he 's still hospitalized . The Stow assault left an indelible sense of concern over safety , in spite of increased security , according to interviews with fans and season ticket holders . Police have yet to solve the case . In a recently filed lawsuit , Stow 's family alleges that security officers and managers at Dodger Stadium have been apprised of a history of aggressive , violent behavior . The suit asserts the presence of criminal gang activity in some crowds at the stadium and inadequate safety -- both factors in the attack , according to the lawsuit . While overall league attendance is down this season , the Dodgers are taking an especially hard hit : there are 7,000 fewer fans attending home games -- amounting to an attendance loss of 200,000 so far this year , Dodgers officials say . In addition , McCourt 's financial turmoil led Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig to take over day-to-day operations as the league conducts an investigation into his finances . McCourt declined to be interviewed . The nation 's struggling economic recovery and the team 's below -.500 winning percentage may have played a role in attendance declines . "  It 's a number of factors , " Josh Rawitch , Dodger 's vice president of communications , said in explaining the loss of the faithful . Robert Watkin , who has been attending Dodger games for 31 years , says he feels disenchanted . "  Since the McCourts took over he 's made it his priority to take care of personal business besides making this organization the successful organization it 's always been , " he said . Watkin said the feeling of a family atmosphere has dissipated , and he blames McCourt . "  People have lost trust . You used to come here , and it would n't matter if the team was winning . It was fun . It just does n't feel that way anymore , and I think in essence people are boycotting until something turns around , " he said . If a California judge overseeing the divorce of Frank and Jamie McCourt orders that the Dodgers be put up for sale , Los Angeles Councilwoman Janice Hahn is prepared : she has already introduced legislation calling on Major League Baseball to give fans an opportunity to buy the team . "  Watching the ongoing custody trial over the team has been painful for all Dodger fans . The truth is that this team belongs to the fans ; and we should have a chance at purchasing the Dodgers if they are sold , " said Hahn , who added that her late father , Supervisor Kenneth Hahn , was responsible for bringing the team to Los Angeles in the 1950s . Her proposal is a long shot . In 1961 , Major League Baseball passed a resolution forbidding public ownership of teams . Congressional legislation is needed to remove the restriction and make it possible for fans to join together to purchase the team , said Hahn . Meanwhile , a consortium of investors led by Beverly Hills-based real estate developer Stanley Stalford has launched an effort to purchase the Dodgers similar to the way the NFL 's Green Bay Packers became a publicly owned franchise . Andre Hannie is a season ticket holder who says he also feels betrayed by the lavish personal spending of McCourt . But he remains a die-hard fan . "  I am bitter over what he 's done over the years , but it 's not going to stop me from supporting the team . There could be 12 people here and I would still come out every night , " Hannie said . Hannie , who attended opening day with his 15-year-old son , has some concerns about safety , especially how the Stow attack has damaged the image of fans . "  People have labeled us as like some fans being gang bangers that come here and get kind of rowdy , which I have seen , but this is a family game . I personally feel safe , but security does what it can to make sure it 's safe , " Hannie said . Hannie wants to see the team go from loser to winner . "  We need an owner here who 's committed to the team , the fans and most importantly winning . It 's been  almost  25 years since we 've won a World Series , " said the Dodger fan .	Los Angeles Dodgers attendance is way down this year A fan was violently attacked after the team 's opening game Divorce battle between owners has forced Major League Baseball to take over operations Dodgers are one of baseball 's renowned , historic franchises
CNN  It 's a modern day gold rush . A trip to Super Bowl XLIX in Phoenix will cost even the most discerning fans thousands of dollars , while providing a hefty windfall for business owners riding one of the biggest consumer spending weekends of the year in the U.S. Victoria 's Secret models hosting $ 25,000 tables , shady ticket deals , and risky online trading for Super Bowl seats have become as much a part of the annual celebration of America 's favorite sport as the ceremonial opening coin toss . With so much at stake , many fans wo n't be leaving anything to chance in the race to book luxury hotels , limos , and some of the year 's most lavish parties -- not to mention , tickets to the big game itself . As a result , a throwback solution from pre-Internet days has emerged as a winner : the hospitality package deal . "  It 's a value-add situation , " says Anbritt Stengele , owner of Chicago-based Sports Traveler , who sold out of her few remaining Super Bowl packages last Friday . "  Hotels are just not available , " she says , explaining that there is extra demand for four and five-star accommodation over the weekend because of the Phoenix Open , a four-day PGA tournament featuring Tiger Woods , which concludes on Super Bowl Sunday . For Sports Traveler clients , drinking can start as early as at 11.30 a.m. on game day with a "  Touchdown Club Tailgate Party " that includes an open bar and buffet that lasts until kickoff at 3.30 p.m. Understandably , a premium is placed on hassle-free transportation from the resorts of Scottsdale to the University of Phoenix Stadium , a 40-minute drive away . "  People want to have some fun ; they do n't want to be the designated driver , " she explains . "  They just want the whole thing taken care of and guaranteed . Yes you can do it yourself , but a lot of people choose not to . " Working her 15th Super Bowl since starting her company as a student at Saint Xavier University in Chicago , Stengele reserves blocks of hotel rooms in Super Bowl cities 12 months in advance . She has already launched her search for rooms in San Francisco , in preparation for Super Bowl 50 , to be played in nearby Santa Clara . Providing that scarce availability , along with a game ticket , provides an advantage over hotel booking sites , she says . At this late stage , the basic package deals left on ticketing site SBTickets.com begin at $ 6,000 for one ` Upper Level End Zone '  i.e. nosebleed  Super Bowl ticket , four nights at a three-star hotel , game day shuttles , and pre-game festivities . The quote is per person based on a double occupancy room . Singles start at $ 7,000 and airfare is not included . The cheapest Super Bowl "  get-in " price on ticket aggregator SeatGeek at the time of writing stands at $ 3,507 , valuing the add-ons and convenience of a package deal at $ 2,493 per person . Seventy percent of Sports Traveler 's clients are corporates , many of whom have asked for golf tee times and PGA tickets to be lumped onto their deals . The remaining batch encompasses ` bucket listers ' looking to attend any Super Bowl , international fans  mainly Australians  , and of course , rabid Seattle Seahawks and New England Patriots supporters who waited to see whether their teams would qualify  only the highest spending season ticket holders are allotted seats to the big game  . Then there are the partiers ; lots of them . The concept of staging bachelor party-themed events leading up to the Super Bowl began over 10 years ago and has taken on a new realm of competition . Each year , the likes of Rolling Stone , Maxim , and Playboy try and outdo each other to attract the most famous bands , models , and personalities to their parties , granting access at eye-watering prices . "  The Saturday night before the Super Bowl is really when everyone wants to go out , " says Stengele , adding that the Playboy party is often at the top of her corporate clients demand list . "  It 's a guy-based event , absolutely , " she says , about the bash which advertises 24 Playboy bunnies mingling with guests , while the rapper Nelly plays Master of Ceremonies . All tickets include an open bar and buffet . But what else could make the $ 850 entrance fee worthwhile ? "  You can use your imagination , " she says . "  There are lots of girls in there and lots of drinking . It 's an experience . " "  Every superstar player that 's not appearing in the Super Bowl will make a -LSB- paid -RSB- appearance at one or two of those events prior to the game , " says Ahmad Tahoun , who organized the New York Giants Super Bowl victory party in Phoenix in 2008 . "  Imagine a nightclub two nights before the Super Bowl with nothing but multimillionaire young athletes competing on what they spend , " he adds . "  It 's just champagne and sparklers everywhere . " This year 's hot ticket is the Rolling Stone Magazine party , with performances by Steven Tyler of Aerosmith and Charli XCX . Tickets start at $ 1,045 and hit $ 56,238 for a Platinum Center table on rukkus.com . The Victoria 's Secret hosted Leather and Laces party starts at $ 495 for a lounge seat , climbs to $ 2,500 for a meet and greet with the likes of Adriana Lima and Lily Aldridge , and hits $ 25,000 for a ` Celebrity Cabana '  includes 14 tickets , 10 bottles of premium liquor , and three bottles of Moet Champagne  . Although Tahoun stresses that soires attended by A-listers are closed to the paying public , some parties advertised as invite-only are anything but . General admission tickets to "  DirecTV 's Super Saturday Night Invite-Only Bash , " featuring a performance from Rihanna , are offered on vividseats.com for $ 970 . While arranging tickets to parties is usually a straightforward process for agencies  promoters offer them first dibs  , procuring Super Bowl tickets is another issue entirely . Stengele says she sources some tickets via corporate sponsors , but declines to reveal exactly how she fulfills the remainder of her ticketing obligations . Forging ties with those who have access , along with playing the secondary ticket market  tickets resold online at prices that fluctuate based on supply and demand  , are two methods , according to Will Flaherty at SeatGeek . "  A lot of the teams cut deals with ticket brokers and sell their tickets in advance , " he says , pointing to a controversy last year when the Denver Broncos and Seahawks both sold Super Bowl tickets to Prime Sport . "  It 's not something that teams want people to know that they are doing , particularly teams that have qualified . " In addition , Flaherty says many agents work the secondary ticket market speculatively , like stock traders . Without holding inventory , they will enter agreements to sell tickets in the two weeks leading up to the playoff semifinals . Once the Super Bowl opponents are determined , prices normally fall by over $ 1,000 in the two weeks leading up to game day , Flaherty says . The drop allows agents to cover their end of the deal by purchasing cheaper tickets closer to game time at a healthy margin . The trend has been consistent over the last four years , according to data provided by SeatGeek , which places a value score on tickets available across the web . During this year 's run-up , however , market forces have worked the other way , pushing the average sold ticket price up 40 % from a week earlier to $ 4,126 , potentially leaving risk-takers in turmoil only days before the Super Bowl . The wiliest brokers , however , eschew market speculation for less scrupulous means . "  It 's not uncommon to hear stories of agents with briefcases full of cash flying down to Phoenix to buy Super Bowl tickets in hotel lobbies off of players , " says Flaherty , noting that every NFL player and coach is allotted two Super Bowl tickets to purchase at face value . Reselling the tickets for profit is against NFL rules , a violation for which former Minnesota Vikings head coach Mike Tice was fined $ 100,000 in 2005 . Flaherty advises fans to wait until a few days before Super Bowl Sunday to make their purchases , when last minute deals can often be procured . Tahoun suggests the same to party goers : "  Once you get there and your boots are on the ground , you can negotiate better deals for sure , " he says . For some fans , competing for the best deals off the field is part of the fun . Most , however , would prefer to revel in what Phoenix has to offer and leave the strategizing to the professionals .	Tickets for Sunday 's Super Bowl final trading for thousands of dollars Corporate customers and ` bucket listers ' willing to spend high for luxury package deals "  Guy-based events " and VIP parties fuel excitement for those with deep pockets
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Elian Gonzalez , the focus of a bitter international custody dispute after he was rescued at sea as a child , left Cuba on Friday for the first time since 2000 , when the U.S. government returned him to the island . Gonzalez , who also turned 20 on Friday , traveled to Quito , Ecuador , as part of a 200-member Cuban delegation to a weeklong youth conference there . It marks a return to the international spotlight for Gonzalez , who recently said in an interview published in Cuba 's state-run media that his fame continues to follow him in Cuba . "  Wherever I go there 's always a child , an old woman that comes to me and wants to meet me , " he said . "  Not because I am famous but because they suffered with my family . " Where is he now ? In 1999 , Gonzalez , then 6 years old , was found clinging to an inner tube on the open sea after the rickety boat he was traveling in from Cuba to the United States sank . Gonzalez 's mother and nine other people who were taking part in the clandestine journey drowned . After his rescue , Gonzalez was placed with relatives in Miami , who wanted to keep him in the United States . But Gonzalez 's father , Juan Miguel , fought to bring him back to Cuba . Then-Cuban leader Fidel Castro led massive protests on the island demanding Gonzalez 's return . The case of the telegenic boy became a flashpoint between supporters and opponents of Castro 's revolution . As the two sides fought out the high-profile case in court , U.S. immigration officials decided to put Gonzalez in the custody of his father , who had come to the United States to argue for Elian 's return . His relatives in Miami refused to go along , and armed federal agents then raided the home of Gonzalez 's uncle and seized the boy . Gonzalez was reunited with his father , and after a few more weeks of court proceedings -- ending with the Supreme Court rejecting the Miami relatives ' efforts to get him back -- the father and son returned to Cuba . There the government celebrated a political victory but largely kept Elian Gonzalez out of public view and surrounded by government bodyguards . A state celebration was held on the 10th anniversary of his return to Cuba . "  Fidel Castro for me is like a father , " Gonzalez said in the recent interview . "  I do n't profess to have any religion but if I did my God would be Fidel Castro . He is like a ship that knew to take his crew on the right path . " Now a military cadet studying industrial engineering , Gonzalez said he would have suffered had he stayed in the United States . 10 years later , Gonzalez says he 's happy to be in Cuba	Elian Gonzalez was returned to Cuba at age 6 after a tragic attempt to get to the U.S. He had not left Cuba since then until now ; he is going to Ecuador for a youth conference "  Fidel Castro for me is like a father , " Gonzalez said in a recent interview
Shanghai  CNN  -- The exchange of name cards has long been a ubiquitous part of meeting new people in China . But now it 's increasingly likely to be accompanied by the frenzied flourishing of smartphones , as the participants add one another on WeChat , the phenomenally popular instant-messaging app made by the country 's biggest Internet company , Tencent . While name cards have yet to be completely supplanted , many now also have a QR code which , when scanned into a mobile phone , adds the card 's bearer as a WeChat contact . The popular function is one reason behind the rise of WeChat -- called Weixin in Chinese -- which is unseating the Twitter-like microblogging platform Sina Weibo as China 's dominant social media . Once a lively forum for public debate that for a time wrong-footed Chinese censors , users are ditching Weibo as tightened government oversight takes its toll . WeChat 's greater privacy and wider range of applications make it more attractive to users . Abandoning Weibo Ye Jun , a 26-year-old project manager in Shanghai , started using WeChat when she upgraded to an iPhone last May . By that time , most of her friends were already using the service , although she still preferred Weibo . That changed in November , when she caught the bouquet at a friend 's wedding , and posted pictures of the event on her WeChat activity timeline which , like Facebook , allows users to share photos and status updates with their contacts . "  There were instant comments from my friends . It was fun . I realized that WeChat was a better , more effective social networking tool than Weibo , which has been practically abandoned by most people . " The rise of WeChat WeChat was launched in early 2011 , attracting 100 million registered users in its first 15 months . This was in part due to Tencent 's ability to promote the app to its huge base of over 800 million users of its many other services , including QQ , its desktop instant messaging client . Tencent has also been quick in rolling out new versions of the app , adding features such as mobile payment , e-commerce integration , games , marketing accounts for brands , a taxi-hailing function and an online investment fund . Many were quick to gain traction in the day-to-day lives of users . A function that allowed people to give and receive digital versions of Lunar New Year red envelopes saw 20 million exchanged . As of last September , when Tencent 's most recent figures were released , WeChat had 271.9 million active monthly users , up 124 % from the previous year . Dodging state censorship There are growing indications that Weibo , once a hotbed of public discussion , from celebrity scandals to holding corrupt officials to account , is losing its appeal . The collision of two high-speed trains near the Eastern city of Wenzhou in 2011 was a watershed moment , seeing harried Internet censors play whack-a-mole with comments by Weibo users , who were critical of the government 's handling of the aftermath . Over the next year , the government tightened its grip . Measures included requiring that accounts be registered under real names , and that those posting "  rumors " be suspended . According to a report by researchers at East China Normal University commissioned by the UK 's Telegraph newspaper , a significant drop in active usage came after venture capitalist and high-profile Weibo user Charles Xue was arrested for soliciting prostitutes . He was paraded on state television , and confessed to spreading irresponsible messages online . In addition , a report by the China Internet Network Information Center backs the findings of East China Normal University , claiming the number of microblog users , which includes Sina Weibo and similar services , dropped by over 27.8 million last year . According to Sina 's latest figures , Weibo 's daily active users are still growing , albeit slowly , with a 4.2 % rise in the fourth quarter . The company says third-party claims of a drop in active users are flawed , and chairman and CEO , Charles Chao said during a recent earnings call that the average time users spent on Weibo did not change over the third quarter of 2013 . Sina seems to be pushing ahead with the long-awaited spin-off and IPO of Weibo , with reports that it recently enlisted Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse to underwrite an offering of up to $ 500 million in New York sometime in the second quarter for a share of up to 25 % . Will one replace the other ? The greater control WeChat offers over information sharing looks like one of the factors that makes it appeal more to users . Posts made to Weibo are public , and therefore can go viral in a very short time , while posts made to WeChat timelines are shared only with contacts , and there is no easy way to forward them . Mark Englehart Evans , digital strategist and co-founder of Techyizu , a technology and entrepreneurship community in Shanghai , says this means the two platforms are not necessarily mutually exclusive , although a change does seem to be underway . "  Much like Facebook versus Twitter , there seem to be more than enough dual users , or at least people with both apps on their phones .  But  monthly active users have certainly shifted . I know my Weibo app has gotten dusty , " says Evans . This shift is palpable when speaking to Chinese social media users . "  It is very obvious that fewer people are using Weibo , because I get less feedback when I tweet and retweet , " says Duan Wuning , a 29-year-old media professional . "  WeChat status updates are private , so my friends and I prefer to post things about our daily lives there . I have to check WeChat every day to make sure I do n't miss important things . " Going global As Facebook announces its $ 19 billion acquisition of WeChat competitor Whatsapp , the the question of WeChat 's potential for international expansion has come to the fore . Tencent still faces huge challenges in going global . Its functionality could be appealing to users but questions remain over what marketing approach the company will take for a product that already boasts a 100 million-strong user base abroad . "  This will be new for Tencent and very expensive , " says Evans . "  It will be interesting to see how hard Tencent is willing to spend to win new users outside of China , and if they can scale up all its advanced features such as mobile commerce and banking to other markets . "	Tencent 's WeChat , also known as Weixin , is on the rise Microblogging site Sina Weibo seems to be losing its appeal in China amid greater state controls Users say WeChat offers greater privacy and variety of applications than Sina Weibo But the two platforms are n't necessarily mutually exclusive , say analysts
His friends used to call him "  Hoss , " as in Hoss Cartwright from the TV show "  Bonanza . " At 6 ' 2 " and roughly 380 pounds , Mark Rucker once resembled the big , friendly character . Now , they call him "  The Beast . " The nickname is apt . Since February 2011 , Rucker has run his first 5K , his first 10K , his first half-marathon and his first marathon . He 's completed an Olympic-distance triathlon and lost more than 100 pounds . And on August 26 , he 'll participate in his first full-length Ironman competition in Louisville , Kentucky . Like they say , he 's a beast . "  What he does after this Ironman , I do n't know , " his wife , Annita Rucker , said with a laugh . "  I hope he can find something to focus all this energy on . " From Rucker 's DailyMile blog : April 18 , 2011 -- "  First day of the Couch to 5K program . That was not good . But at least I did the whole workout "  1.98 miles / 32 minutes / 16:10 pace Change is a funny thing , Rucker says . Often , the desire to change grows over time . A series of events leads to an "  a ha moment , " when desire must meet with the proper tools and the right inspiration . In the summer of 2010 , Rucker , of Lexington , Kentucky , and his family went to Dollywood in Tennessee . His daughter was 11 at the time , a "  little daredevil , " and wanted to ride all the roller coasters . Unfortunately , Rucker could n't fit on any of them with her . "  She was devastated ; I was crushed , " Rucker said . "  But even that was n't enough to get me started on the journey . I guess I just did n't know how to do it . " Does parenting make us fat ? In January 2011 , he reconnected with an old elementary school friend , Anita Mills , and the two began talking on Facebook , discussing Mills ' 240-pound weight loss . Her transformation was his inspiration . But he still was n't ready to change . After weighing in at about 365 pounds , he stopped stepping on the scale . He was diagnosed with sleep apnea and put on medication for high blood pressure . He feared that he was diabetic but would n't visit his doctor . The day after the 2011 Super Bowl , Rucker woke up in pain . Once again , he had overindulged the night before , and his digestive system revolted . He was tired , sick and unhappy . "  Something clicked , " he said . "  I realized that if I kept doing it , I would significantly shorten my life . " Rucker took Mills ' dieting hints to heart and cut out sugary drinks . He dropped his two-liter-a-day soda habit and picked up water . He stopped ordering McDonald 's McGriddles for breakfast and eating peanut M&M s by the pound . He threw away his Cheez-Its . "  It 's hard to say what my daily  calorie  intake was , " he said , looking back . "  I did it to myself . I was really unhappy with the way my life was , and I think food was that comfort for me . " June 19 , 2011 -- "  Last day of Couch 2 5K . I think I 'll call it The Father 's Day Beastly 5K . I was the only competitor and I finished in 1st place . I ca n't even begin to explain how I feel right now . And no one or no thing can ever take this away from me . I AM a runner . I AM an achiever . I AM a Beast . On to Bridge 2 10K !!! " Rucker 's job as a real estate attorney kept him sedentary . So he started to walk on his lunch break , using his iPhone to post his distance on DailyMile.com . The site shared his progress on Twitter and Facebook . Friends posted replies that the site 's app read aloud to Rucker through his headphones during workouts . Wiring the world to fight obesity "  That was a huge motivator to me , " he said . "  Even though I was by myself , I still had people to encourage me . " He ran his first official 5K race , the Great Buffalo Chase , on July 4 , 2011 , in 39 minutes . Less than a month later , he tackled a 10K , finishing dead last but finishing all the same . His blog that night complained about the cross-country course 's hills but promised to begin training for a half-marathon the next day . "  The focus he has , the drive he has ... it 's so refreshing , " Annita Rucker said . "  It 's the old Mark I did n't even know -- probably the Mark from law school . " The Ruckers married in October 2000 . For 11 years , Annita Rucker watched the man she married -- the dreamer , the achiever -- struggle to maintain his optimism while grappling with a shrinking housing market and a growing body . Their son and daughter -- two children from Rucker 's first marriage -- came to visit often , and Annita Rucker found herself entertaining the young kids while her husband remained stationary . "  I used to complain that he was living life on the sidelines , never participating , " she said . "  Now , he 's so active with them . Last year , my father had Parkinson 's and was hospitalized for 10 weeks . Mark stepped up to the plate and did all the cooking , the laundry , everything . Before this , that never would have happened . " "  My wife jokes , ` I 've got a brand new husband , ' " Rucker said with a long laugh . "  I think she 's a lot happier with me ... because I 'm much happier . " August 18 , 2011 -- "  Three mile walk at work on my lunch break . Some days I got ta dig down deep to find the motivation . Some days it 's really hard . Today is one of those days . " Rucker is now training for his first Ironman competition . A typical week includes 4:30 a.m. swims , 6-mile runs after work and hours of cycling on Saturday and Sunday . At 260 pounds , he 's stopped focusing on losing weight and started focusing on building muscle . There are good and bad days . Some blog posts sing of the serotonin rushing through his brain . Others show his discouragement of a bad swim or a slow run . He 's a beast , but one who feels pain . Ironman champ : The importance of R&R Still , it 's amazing , even to him , that a guy who less than two years ago got winded walking up a flight of stairs can push himself this far , this fast . "  I 'm the guy in the overalls  who 's  shoveling the coal in the train , " he said . "  I do n't know exactly where it 's going , but I 'm going to do everything I can to keep it moving . " February 18 , 2012 -- "  Woot woot !! I 'm a marathoner !! "  26.4 miles / 6 hours , 13 minutes / 14:07 pace Rucker has rejoined the social world . He volunteers at the Red Cross and is involved in his local Rotary chapter . This year , his family went back to Dollywood and rode all the rides together . Rucker wants to become a motivational speaker , to be that inspiration for others that Mills was for him . Possible title for his speech : "  Be the Beast that you can be . " "  When I was so overweight , I felt so dead to everything , " Rucker said . "  There was this little voice in my head that said , for so long , ` This is the best your life is ever going to be . ' And that voice is gone . I 've extinguished that voice . " Share your weight loss success story with us on iReport	Mark Rucker lost more than 100 pounds by changing his diet and racing Rucker will compete in his first Ironman competition on August 26 He used DailyMile.com and the iPhone app to track his workout progress
CNN  -- Anti-Semitism , arguably the most enduring and murderous ethnic prejudice in human history , has always adapted to the prevailing social , political and technological conditions . In our global age of international flows and world politics and communication , anti-Semitism has become global , and it is in no small measure due to digital technologies : the Internet and satellite television . Anti-Semitism now reaches vast parts of the world where there are no Jews . And the people who rely most on the Internet , the young , are the most innocent and susceptible to believing the prejudices they come across . Digital technology has become a game changer for anti-Semitism , and for prejudices and hatreds in general , including against African-Americans . Never before has prejudice toward Jews been so widely present around the world in places where the hated people are present and especially where they do n't even live , as a Pew Global Attitudes Survey of 24 countries reveals . Jews form .2 % of the world 's population , with the vast majority in just two countries , Israel and the United States . Yet in Europe , where Germans and many other Europeans slaughtered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust , a shocking amount of anti-Semitism still exists . Across the Arab world there is almost uniformly poisonous anti-Semitism , including instances of Arab leaders , imams , and ordinary people saying that Jews are the children of apes and pigs . More amazing is that in Latin America , sub-Saharan Africa , and Asia , anti-Semitism is widespread . Fifty percent of Brazilians , 43 % of Nigerians , and 55 % of Chinese surveyed by Pew said they had an unfavorable opinion of Jews , even though in Brazil Jews form .05 % of the population , and in the other countries there are barely any Jews at all . Even in the United States , where anti-Semitism is lowest among major countries , according to the Anti-Defamation League 's index of anti-Semitism , "  15 percent of Americans fall in the most anti-Semitic cohort . " Digital technology has critically contributed to the explosion of anti-Semitism in five ways : While before a person had to be personally exposed , through people or perhaps a book , to vile characterizations of Jews , today anti-Semitism is prominently available everywhere anytime -- to those seeking it out or to the innocent person just looking for information . Typing "  Jew " into Google or Bing returns a top site  sometimes No. 2  called JewWatch , which is a vast emporium of anti-Semitic accusations and hatred claiming 1.5 billion pages in support of its mission to defame and eliminate Jews and their supposed power . This is but one of tens of thousands of anti-Semitic hate sites , which include a growing alternative to Wikipedia , called Metapedia , which seeks to create  currently in 18 languages  an anti-Semitic informational universe . Second , while before new anti-Semitic accusations and initiatives traveled slowly if at all , today they can spread like wildfire over entire regions or the world , picked up by news or community websites coursing through the Internet and beamed to viewers on national , regional , or international television networks . This can be true of blood libels such as that Jews harvest Palestinian organs , of alleged plots to conquer and colonize Patagonia , or -- more routinely -- false accusations of Israeli atrocities . It is true of the frequent speeches by political and religious leaders urging the annihilation of Jews . Third , you now have for the first time international and virtual communities of anti-Semitic hatred . Through digital technology , anti-Semites find validation from and communion with anti-Semites elsewhere in their own countries and around the world . Everything we know about prejudice shows that when it is shared in communities , and especially when political or religious leaders openly express hatred of a group , such bigotry is powerfully sustained and spread . Fourth , the Internet and digital technology has integrated different streams of anti-Semitism into a global anti-Semitic amalgam . Muslim anti-Semites adopt anti-Semitic Christian motifs  to win Christians to their cause  , regularly depicting in speeches and political cartoons the Palestinians as the modern crucified Christ ! Leftist anti-Semites , neo-Nazi anti-Semites , old fashioned Christian anti-Semites , and , of course Arab and Islamic anti-Semites share common cause in their demonization of Israel . Fifth , digital technology has also lifted all anti-Semitic restraints . With the anonymity of the Internet , and with the total lack of anti-Semitic inhibition coming from the Arab and Islamic worlds -- its commonplace demonizing and dehumanization characterizations of Jews and calls for the extermination of Jews around the world -- what anti-Semites say and see as thinkable action goes well beyond , in ferocity and murderousness , even Nazi Germany 's profoundly anti-Semitic discourse . Not just the Jews of Israel but Jews everywhere are endangered . Digital technology has transformed anti-Semitism into an essential part of the substructure of prejudice around the entire world . To become inundated with it , all you have to do is , innocently or not , enter the word "  Jew " into your browser , and then start clicking . But this surge in anti-Semitism also shows the way to combating it , by using legal means and political pressure to get Internet providers , social media sites and search engines to adhere to their own terms of usage , and to the laws of democratic countries -- especially forceful in Europe -- which prohibit hate speech . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Jonah Goldhagen .	Daniel Goldhagen : Internet , other technology contributing to new spread of anti-Semitism He says many sites promote hatred of Jews , reaching nations with very few Jewish citizens He says Pew study shows rise in anti-Jewish attitudes in Asia , Europe , Latin America , Africa Goldhagen : Internet providers , social media , search engines must cut off hate speech
When DC Comics relaunched its fictional world from scratch last fall , some aspects of the DC mythos temporarily fell by the wayside , such as the notion of parallel worlds featuring different versions of the company 's iconic heroes . "  Earth Two , " a new series by writer James Robinson and artist Nicola Scott , reintroduces the concept by putting a new spin on the original versions of characters like the Green Lantern , the Flash and Superman that diverges notably from the past several decades of DC lore . In the second issue of the comic , in stores June 6 , Robinson and Scott prove just how different this world is by revealing that their version of Alan Scott , the first Green Lantern introduced back in 1940 , is an openly gay man . Up until recently , a middle aged version of Alan Scott was one of the stars of "  Justice Society of America , " a comic series featuring the 1940s versions of DC 's heroes set in the present day . The new versions of these characters in Earth Two have all been aged down considerably , to the point that Scott 's gay superhero son Obsidian had to be sacrificed . Robinson says he was inspired to write Scott himself as a gay character to make up for that loss . "  The logical leap that I made was , oh , why do n't we make Alan Scott gay ? , " he says . "  To DC 's credit , there was n't any hesitation . -LSB- Co-publisher -RSB- Dan DiDio was like ` Oh , that 's a great idea , let 's do it ! ' " Robinson 's version of Green Lantern differs from his counterpart in the regular DC Universe in ways other than his sexual orientation . "  He has a ring which he uses to help manifest his powers , but he does n't have a lantern , " he says , noting that the mainstream Green Lanterns are members of a corp of space police who draw their energy directly from their own willpower . "  He is the receptacle , the conduit for the energy of the Earth , which is this green energy . " Unlike previous versions of Scott dating back to the Forties , wood will not be a weakness for the new Green Lantern . "  He is the earthly powerhouse , and when you see him in terms of his power level , he 's up there close to Superman . " Though Marvel Comics ' gay hero Northstar is set to face some intolerance from his peers following his marriage to his long term boyfriend in the pages of "  Astonishing X-Men , " Robinson and Scott are planning on portraying an idealized world in which Alan Scott is judged only by the quality of his character . "  He does n't come out in issue two ; he is already a gay man , " Robinson says . "  Alan Scott is super-heroic , he 's super gallant , he 'll die for the earth , he 'll die for its people , he 's everything you want in a hero . I imagine he 's such a Type A character that when he realized he was gay , he was like , ` Okay , I 'm gay , now I 'm just gon na go on with my life . ' He 's so accepting of it himself and he 's such a compelling person that the world knows Alan Scott 's gay . He 's such a leader , he 's such a good man , that the Justice League do n't care . And that 's a healthy depiction of a team and how it should be . " Scott says her instructions from Robinson were to make this version of the Green Lantern as heroic as possible . "  With Alan , the brief was very clear , " she says . "  He needed to be a big , strapping , handsome man that everyone would instinctively follow and love . Alan strikes me as an incredibly open , honest and warm man , a natural leader and absolutely the right choice to be Guardian of the Earth . His sexuality is incidental . " You can click through to check out a preview of "  Earth Two " issue two , in which Alan Scott 's sexuality is revealed to the reader in a decidedly matter-of-fact sort of way . See the full story at RollingStone.com .	DC Comics ' "  Earth Two " issue two shows Alan Scott , the first Green Lantern , as an openly gay man "  He does n't come out in issue two ; he is already a gay man , " writer James Robinson says Scott 's sexuality is revealed to the reader in a decidedly matter-of-fact sort of way
Islamabad  CNN  -- Pakistan 's capital city of Islamabad is on red alert after officials received information in the form of an intelligence intercept of a likely attack on a high-value target , two senior Pakistani officials told CNN on Sunday . Helicopters could be heard in the skies above Islamabad as Air Force and Navy commandos searched for suspected militants in the Margalla Hills that surround the city , the officials said . Key military installations were under tight security . Among the buildings being guarded are the headquarters for Pakistan 's air force and navy , the officials said . The officials , from the security and intelligence establishments , did not want to be named given the sensitivity of the information . Intercepted al Qaeda message leads to shuttered U.S. embassies Kerry says Pakistan drone strikes to end ` very soon ' 40 recaptured after Pakistan jailbreak	NEW : Helicopters heard above Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad Officials intercepted intelligence pointing to a likely attack on a high-value target Air force and navy commandos are guarding key military installations
CNN  -- Michael Moore 's "  Sicko , " which opened nationwide Friday , is filled with horror stories of people who are deprived of medical service because they ca n't afford it or have n't been able to navigate the murky waters of managed care in the United States . A couple featured in Michael Moore 's "  Sicko " leave a London hospital with their newborn . It compares American health care with the universal coverage systems in Canada , France , the United Kingdom and Cuba . Moore covers a lot of ground . Our team investigated some of the claims put forth in his film . We found that his numbers were mostly right , but his arguments could use a little more context . As we dug deep to uncover the numbers , we found surprisingly few inaccuracies in the film . In fact , most pundits or health-care experts we spoke to spent more time on errors of omission rather than disputing the actual claims in the film . Whether it 's dollars spent , group coverage or Medicaid income cutoffs , health care goes hand in hand with numbers . Moore opens his film by giving these statistics , "  Fifty million uninsured Americans ... 18,000 people die because they are uninsured . " Watch Michael Moore talk about "  Sicko " with CNN 's Larry King . " For the most part , that 's true . The latest numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say 43.6 million , or about 15 percent of Americans , were uninsured in 2006 . For the past five years , the overall count has fluctuated between 41 million and 44 million people . According to the Institute of Medicine , 18,000 people do die each year mainly because they are less likely to receive screening and preventive care for chronic diseases . Moore says that the U.S. spends more of its gross domestic product on health care than any other country . Again , that 's true . The United States spends more than 15 percent of its GDP on health care -- no other nation even comes close to that number . France spends about 11 percent , and Canadians spend 10 percent . Like Moore , we also found that more money does not equal better care . Both the French and Canadian systems rank in the Top 10 of the world 's best health-care systems , according to the World Health Organization . The United States comes in at No. 37 . The rankings are based on general health of the population , access , patient satisfaction and how the care 's paid for . So , if Americans are paying so much and they 're not getting as good or as much care , where is all the money going ? "  Overhead for most private health insurance plans range between 10 percent to 30 percent , " says Deloitte health-care analyst Paul Keckley . Overhead includes profit and administrative costs . "  Compare that to Medicare , which only has an overhead rate of 1 percent . Medicare is an extremely efficient health-care delivery system , " says Mark Meaney , a health-care ethicist for the National Institute for Patient Rights . Moore spends about half his film detailing the wonders and the benefits of the government-funded universal health-care systems in Canada , France , Cuba and the United Kingdom . He shows calm , content people in waiting rooms and people getting care in hospitals hassle free . People laugh and smile as he asks about billing departments and cost of stay . Not surprisingly , it 's not that simple . In most other countries , there are quotas and planned waiting times . Everyone does have access to basic levels of care . That care plan is formulated by teams of government physicians and officials who determine what 's to be included in the universal basic coverage and how a specific condition is treated . If you want treatment outside of that standard plan , then you have to pay for it yourself . "  In most developed health systems in the world , 15 percent to 20 percent of the population buys medical services outside of the system of care run by the government . They do it through supplemental insurance , or they buy services out of pocket , " Keckley says . The people who pay more tend to be in the upper income or have special , more complicated conditions . Moore focuses on the private insurance companies and makes no mention of the U.S. government-funded health-care systems such as Medicare , Medicaid , the State Children 's Health Insurance Program and the Veterans Affairs health-care systems . About 50 percent of all health-care dollars spent in the United States flows through these government systems . "  Sicko " also ignores a handful of good things about the American system . Believe it or not , the United States does rank highest in the patient satisfaction category . Americans do have shorter wait times than everyone but Germans when it comes to nonemergency elective surgery such as hip replacements , cataract removal or knee repair . That 's no surprise given the number of U.S. specialists . In U.S. medical schools , students training to become primary-care physicians have dwindled to 10 percent . The overwhelming majority choose far more profitable specialties in the medical field . In other countries , more than one out of three aspiring doctors chooses primary care in part because there 's less of an income gap with specialists . In those nations , becoming a specialist means making 30 percent more than a primary-care physician . In the United States , the gap is around 300 percent , according to Keckley . As Americans continue to spend $ 2 trillion a year on health care , everyone agrees on one point : Things need to change , and it will take more than a movie to figure out how to get there . E-mail to a friend A. Chris Gajilan is a senior producer with CNN Medical News . Intern Emily Breidbart contributed to this report .	Analysis : Numbers cited in "  Sicko " are accurate for the most part Assertions could use more context to flesh out comparisons of health care Health-care experts focus more on film 's errors of omission than incorrect facts
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- A manhunt for a suspect in the shooting deaths of four police officers stretched into Monday night after the man appeared to have eluded authorities in an east Seattle neighborhood . Maurice Clemmons , 37 , is wanted in connection with what investigators called an ambush of the four officers from Lakewood , about 40 miles south of Seattle , on Sunday morning . Witnesses say Clemmons was shot during the attack , and police believe he is losing blood , Pierce County sheriff 's spokesman Ed Troyer said . Police surrounded a home in eastern Seattle 's Leschi neighborhood for about 12 hours , but Clemmons was not found in the home when the siege was lifted Monday morning , Seattle police spokesman Jeff Kappel told reporters . Clemmons was believed to have been outside the home Sunday night , but apparently slipped out of the area , Kappel said . His escape was "  an unlucky thing for us , and a lucky thing for him , " Troyer said Monday night . "  But his luck 's going to run out , because he does n't have people to help him do that any more , " Troyer said . Police have arrested several people they believe helped Clemmons flee , he said . The killings took place at a coffee shop in Parkland , a suburb of Tacoma . Authorities identified the victims as Sgt. Mark Renninger , 39 ; Officer Ronald Owens , 37 ; Officer Tina Griswold , 40 ; and Officer Greg Richards , 42 . Early Monday , authorities started identifying Clemmons as a suspect , rather than as someone wanted for questioning . The night before the shootings , Clemmons threatened to kill police officers , but witnesses did not report those threats until after the slayings , Troyer said on "  Good Morning America . " Clemmons is a convicted criminal with a long rap sheet in Washington and Arkansas , according to authorities and documents . He was accused of child rape and assaulting a police officer in May , and was released on $ 150,000 bond five days before the shootings , according to court records . After his arrest , Clemmons ' sister told police that he "  had not been himself lately " and that his behavior was "  unpredictable and erratic . " "  He had said that the Secret Service was coming to get him because he had written a letter to the president , " an affidavit quoted her as telling investigators . In addition , neighbors complained he threw rocks through their windows . Clemmons ' wife told deputies that she and her husband argued over a "  newly discovered child , " and she suggested that was why he went on his rock-throwing spree , according to an arrest affidavit . Clemmons was given a 95-year prison sentence in Arkansas in 1989 for a host of charges , including robbery , burglary , theft and bringing a gun to school . His sentence was commuted in 2000 by then-Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , Troyer said . Read the documents for Clemmons ' clemency Clemmons returned to prison in 2001 , but was paroled in 2004 . "  Should he be found responsible for this horrible tragedy , it will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington state , " Huckabee 's office said in a statement Sunday night . During his 2008 presidential bid , Huckabee was criticized for granting clemency to another inmate , convicted rapist Wayne DuMond , who was later convicted of raping and murdering a woman in Missouri . Huckabee 's statement brought a sharp response from Troyer on Monday . "  We 're disappointed that Gov. Huckabee came out in the middle of the night without calling anybody here and blamed this on the criminal justice system in the state of Washington , " Troyer said . "  We 're guessing that 's probably a spin doctor , not him . " Sunday 's shooting was the first for the Lakewood Police Department , which was created five years ago for the town of nearly 60,000 . Until then , the Pierce County sheriff 's office provided law-enforcement services there . Police Chief Bret Farrar told reporters Monday he has repeatedly been asked how the city 's officers are doing . "  This is how everybody 's doing , " Farrar said , gesturing to the police force standing behind him . "  They 're here . They 're doing their jobs . They 're working hard . They 're dealing with their loss . ... We 're here to carry on . This is what we do . " The four officers "  were good people , " Farrar said , fighting to maintain his composure . "  They were great officers , and we will all miss them very much . " The Lakewood Independent Police Guild is accepting donations for the officers ' families , said guild president and Lakewood police officer Brian Wurts . Contributions have come from as far away as Switzerland , he said . "  I ca n't believe he was out on the street , " Wurts said of the suspect . "  You have 5 percent of the people out here committing 90 percent of the crime -- not against just us , but against all of you . And we 've got to hold these people accountable . We 've got to keep them locked up . And if they want to rehabilitate them , you can rehabilitate them , but you rehabilitate them in prison , where they 're supposed to be . This guy should have never been on the street . " The coffee shop on Steele Street is a popular hangout for law enforcement officers and is one of 22 Forza Coffee Co. locations in Washington . "  As a retired police officer , this senseless shooting hits extremely close to home to me , " Brad Carpenter , chief executive officer of Forza , said in a statement on the company 's Web site . Police said there was no warning . The shooter walked past the officers to the counter as if to order coffee before he pulled a gun out of his coat and began shooting at 8:15 a.m. Sunday , Troyer said . Two of the officers were "  executed " as they sat at a table , said Troyer , the sheriff 's spokesman . Another was shot when he stood up and the fourth was shot after struggling with the gunman all the way out the door , Troyer said . All were in uniform , with their marked patrol cars parked outside . Two coffee shop employees and other customers inside the shop were unharmed . "  Just the law enforcement officers were targeted , " Troyer said . "  After , we believe , some of the officers were shot , one of them managed to fight his way with the suspect -- fight his way , wrestle , fight all the way out the doorway until he was shot and died of a gunshot wound , " he told reporters . Griswold ' sister , Tiffany Ryan , told reporters her "  worst nightmare has come true . " "  I ca n't tell you how painful it is to lose my sister , " she said . "  If that man is watching this ... I want him to know what he took from us . I wo n't ever get to see her again . She wo n't ever get to watch her children grow and her daughter get married and have children . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Peter Hamby , Dave Alsup and Dina Majoli contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's escape "  a lucky thing for him , " sheriff 's spokesman says SWAT team clears Seattle residence where Maurice Clemmons was believed to be "  This guy should have never been on the street , " Lakewood police guild president says Four police officers fatally shot Sunday in coffee shop near Tacoma , Washington
Do n't look for Adam Richman 's new Travel Channel show "  Man Finds Food " anytime soon . As Richman deals with a social media backlash , the Travel Channel has put the series on hold . Richman , also known for his other Travel Channel program , "  Man v. Food , " has been in a war of words on Instagram over a photo he posted that showed off his weight loss . The TV personality has lost more than 60 pounds since "  Man v. Food " went off the air in 2012 , and when he spoke about his new physique on Instagram using the hashtag #thinspiration , it sparked a heated online sparring . Writer Amber Sarah recounted Richman 's exchanges for the website XOJane , saying that some of his incendiary words were lobbed at a friend . As Amber Sarah explains , the word "  thinspiration " is commonly in pro-anorexia and pro-bulimia communities , and is usually found alongside "  pictures of emaciated bodies , mantras like ` What 's more important , that slice of pizza or a thigh gap ? ' and suggestions , tips , and motivation to either starve or purge . " According to reports , including Amber Sarah 's , Richman responded negatively when he was told the meaning of the word , saying things like , "  do I look like I give a f *** ? " and , "  grab a razor and draw a bath . I doubt anyone will miss you . " Richman 's personal Instagram account is locked , but he has apologized for his "  inexcusable remarks . " "  I 've long since struggled with my body image and have worked very hard to achieve a healthy weight , " Richman said in his apology . "  Instead of responding to hurtful comments with compassion , I lashed out in anger . I 'm not asking for sympathy , but rather understanding and forgiveness . I can say with certainty that I 'm taking a deep look at myself and I 'm incredibly sorry to everyone I 've hurt . " The Travel Channel has n't commented on Richman 's Instagram blow-up , or clarified why they 're holding his "  Man Finds Food " show . The network would only confirm that it 's currently postponed indefinitely .	Adam Richman 's show "  Man Finds Food " has been postponed indefinitely The host has been in a war of words over an Instagram photo He used the word #thinspiration and received criticism for it He responded with incendiary comments
CNN  -- A 5-year-old boy with a brain tumor who was removed from a British hospital , starting an intense international search , has been found in Spain with his parents , the Hampshire Constabulary posted on its Facebook page late Saturday . The search for Ashya King , who recently had surgery , began Thursday when his parents , Brett King , 51 , and Naghemeh King , 45 , took him without authorization from the Southampton hospital , Hampshire police said . "  Ashya has been found , " police said on Facebook . "  He is in Spain with his mum and dad . Police are speaking to his mum and dad and we are waiting to hear on Ashya 's condition . This is all we know at this time -- but , he has been found . ... We will provide further detail just as soon as we can ... " The boy is not mobile on his own , can not communicate verbally , and is supposed to be receiving constant medical care because of the surgery and "  ongoing medical issues , " Hampshire police Detective Superintendent Dick Pearson said earlier . "  Without this specialist 24-hour care , Ashya is at risk of additional health complications which place him at substantial risk , " Pearson said in a news release Friday . Police have not said why his parents took Ashya from the hospital . After Ashya was taken from the hospital Thursday , the family -- including Ashya 's six siblings -- boarded a ferry in nearby Portsmouth , and disembarked Thursday night in Cherbourg , France , according to Hampshire police . Interpol issued an international missing person notice , otherwise known as a yellow alert , for the boy . Such notices are distributed to police in Interpol 's 190 member countries to help find missing people , especially children .	Police say the boy was found with his parents in Spain Parents took Ashya King , 5 , from British hospital prematurely , police say Without further care , boy is at "  substantial risk , " police say Interpol issued a international missing-person notice
CNN  -- Out-of-shape swimming superstar Michael Phelps again struggled as an unprecedented 16 records were set at the World Cup short-course event in Berlin this weekend . Six new marks were set on Saturday and another 10 on Sunday , but the American could only manage a second in the 200 meters individual medley and a fifth in the 200m butterfly while failing to reach the final of the 200m freestyle . The 14-time Olympic champion chose to wear an old-style suit as he did with a similar lack of success in the previous leg in Stockholm during the week , and took a back seat to those wearing high-tech outfits -- which will be outlawed from January 1 . "  I prefer not to lose , but I knew coming in that it would be very , very hard to win anything , " the bearded Phelps told reporters . "  I raced as hard as I could , I 've gotten some racing under my belt , and that 's what we set out to do . Maybe it 's better for me that I lost today . It gives me better motivation for the future . "  I am pleased with the week as much as I can be , with how much training I 've done -- which is little , and it shows . " He performed better on Sunday as he finished runner-up in the medley behind South Africa 's Darian Townsend , who set a world-record time of one minute 51.55 seconds -- beating Phelps by 1.85 seconds . On Saturday , his much-anticipated showdown with world 200m freestyle champion Paul Biedermann never eventuated as he finished 12th in the heats , while the supersuit-clad German set a new record in the final and also smashed Grant Hackett 's seven-year-old milestone in the 400m freestyle . Among the women 's records to be broken , Australia 's Liesel Jones followed up her two gold medals from the Beijing Olympics by setting a new mark on each day . The 24-year-old won the 200m breaststroke on Sunday in a time of 2:15.42 , shaving more than a second off the previous record , while the day before she topped her own leading time in the 100m breaststroke .	An unprecedented 16 records fall at the World Cup short-course event in Berlin this weekend Swimming superstar Michael Phelps again struggles as he chooses to use an old-style suit High-tech suits will become illegal from January 1 as officials seek to stem tide of new marks
CNN  -- Don Pardo , the announcer whose velvety baritone voice introduced "  Saturday Night Live " hosts on NBC for decades , has died at age 96 , the network announced . Pardo was the announcer for "  SNL " for all but one season over the program 's 39-year run . Prior to announcing for the comedy show , he was a familiar voice on NBC , handling the announcing duties on such programs as the old "  Price Is Right " and the Art Fleming-hosted version of "  Jeopardy! " In a tweet , "  NBC Nightly News " described Pardo as "  legendary , " and cast members from "  SNL 's " long run chimed in with approval . "  Any SNL actor will tell u : the ultimate moment of your career was hearing Don Pardo say your name . Each week he represented a dream come true , " tweeted Rachel Dratch , who appeared on the show from 1999 to 2006 . Seth Myers , who spent years on "  SNL " before recently beginning his own late-night talk program , wrote , "  RIP Don Pardo . A voice that meant so much . " Pardo was born in Westfield , Massachusetts , on February 22 , 1918 . He began his career in theater in his native New England , but switched to announcing after being offered a job by a Providence , Rhode Island , radio station . While visiting NBC in New York in 1944 -- there to see some of his heroes at work -- Pardo was offered a job with the network , according to The New York Times . He stayed for the next seven decades . He became a familiar voice to generations of radio listeners and , later , TV watchers . Indeed , he was the NBC staff announcer on November 22 , 1963 , when President John F. Kennedy was shot . "  He was among the first to tell the nation about the assassination attempt on President John F. Kennedy , " according to The Hollywood Reporter . The next year , he became the announcer for a game show that almost rivaled Pardo himself for longevity : "  Jeopardy! " The original version , with Fleming as host , ran from 1964 to 1975 . Pardo could regularly be heard telling viewers that the show 's questions came from the Grolier encyclopedia and promising contestants some nice parting gifts , including a supply of Rice-a-Roni , "  the San Francisco treat . " In 1984 , Pardo got a chance to parody himself on "  Weird Al " Yankovic 's recording of "  I Lost on Jeopardy , " informing the floundering Yankovic that he was "  a complete loser . " He also had a bit part in the video . "  Very sad to hear of the passing of my old friend Don Pardo - truly one the all-time greats , " tweeted Yankovic . . But for most people under 50 , Pardo will always be the voice of "  SNL . " Though he was on staff at NBC , he seemed an odd choice for the show , his seemingly strait-laced bearing contrasting with the wild antics of what was , originally , the most iconoclastic comedy show on network TV . But that , said "  SNL " creator Lorne Michaels , was the idea . "  It could n't have been a more different culture , " Michaels told The New York Times . "  But it was perfect for us . " Pardo also appeared in the movie "  Radio Days " and on an episode of "  30 Rock , " among other credits . People we 've lost in 2014 See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Don Pardo was 96 years old He was best known for introducing "  Saturday Night Live " hosts Pardo was among first to report on JFK being shot NBC personalities remember him as legendary
Rome  CNN  -- A man has confessed to planting a bomb that killed a 16-year-old girl and injured five other people outside a school in the southern Italian city of Brindisi , investigators in Italy said . Giovanni Vantaggiato , 68 , told investigators he acted alone in making the device and placing it outside the school , they said . Cataldo Motta , the chief prosecutor for the southern city of Lecce , where the investigation is based , said Thursday in a televised news conference that Vantaggiato had confessed after nine hours of interrogation . He said investigators were still examining Vantaggiato 's motive for the attack , which appeared to be personal , since his explanation was n't convincing . Investigators traced Vantaggiato after examining video that showed him driving his own car and his wife 's car in front of the school in the days before the attack . Police also studied closed-circuit TV footage that they said showed him using a remote control to set off the explosion . He was arrested Wednesday . Vantaggiato , who owns a gas station , had easy access to the gas and gas tanks used in the attack and the know-how to build an explosive device , investigators said . Just after the blast , police found three gas cylinders at the site that were detonated with a remote control , authorities said . The explosion occurred on the morning of May 19 as students were arriving at Francesca Morvillo Falcone school , which offers vocational training . The school is named after the wife of a prominent anti-mafia judge , which fueled initial speculation that the organized crime group might be behind it . Falcone was assassinated in Palermo , Sicily , in May 1992 . Police have since dismissed that theory , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported .	Investigators say Giovanni Vantaggiato confessed to the attack while under questioning The bombing killed a teenage girl and injured five other people The device exploded as students arrived for classes at the school in Brindisi
CNN  -- The pilot at the helm of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 was training to fly a Boeing 777 and was sitting next to a man in his first trip as an instructor pilot when their plane 's main landing gear hit a seawall around San Francisco 's airport , a U.S. official said Tuesday . Deborah Hersman , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board , revealed these and other details during a news conference that included information about the pilots and their flying experience , based on the interviews they 've conducted with investigators . Having finished classroom and simulator training , the "  flying pilot " -- as Hersman referred to him -- was in the piloting portion of his training to fly a Boeing 777 at the time of Saturday 's crash . He had flown 10 legs and had about 35 hours of flying time with the 777 , which put him about halfway through the training required by Asiana of 20 legs and 60 flight hours , when the plane went down , Hersman said . Did pilot have enough 777 experience ? Sitting beside him during Saturday 's flight from Seoul to San Francisco was the instructor pilot . The trip across the Pacific was the first time he had been an instructor pilot and the first time he 'd traveled with the flying pilot , according to Hersman . That seemingly uneventful , more than 10-hour flight ended in a few chaotic , panicked minutes of fury , after which two people were dead and 182 others were transported to local hospitals . "  Sections of the cabin ... are found very early in the debris field , " said Hersman , who had walked a few hundred feet from the seawall where the plane 's landing gear and then tail first slammed into the seawall to where it mercifully came to a rest . "  You can see aircraft parts , gallery materials , newspapers , magazines and flooring . " According to the pilots ' accounts , the tensions started before the plane touched ground . The three pilots in the cockpit -- another was in the cabin -- told investigators they set the "  auto throttle " speed to 137 knots  157 mph  , which is the speed it should have been going . Akin to cruise control , auto throttles are used to maintain a plane 's speed . At 200 feet above ground , the instructor pilot said he noted precision approach path indicator lights indicated the giant jet was too low . It was then "  he recognized that the auto throttles were not maintaining speed , and he established a go-around attitude , " said the NTSB chief . "  He went to push the throttles forward , but he stated that the other pilot had already  done so  . " Hersman cautioned anyone from jumping to conclusions as to whether a mechanical or pilot error is to blame for the crash . She also spoke specifically about the auto throttles , saying investigators were delving into how they were working and how they were used . But Hersman also stated : "  The crew is required to maintain a safe aircraft ... One of the very critical things that needs to be monitored on an approach to landing is speed . So we need to understand what was going on in the cockpit , and also what was going on in the aircraft . " 2 dead , 182 injured -- including 2 ejected flight attendants When it departed South Korea , Flight 214 had 307 passengers and crew aboard . Despite the scale of the wreckage -- a hole burned through much of the cabin 's roof and the aircraft 's back half lopped off -- 123 walked away . Others were n't so lucky , most of all the two Chinese teenagers who died in the crash . Girls killed in crash were headed for camp Those working on the flight were among the injured . The third pilot in the cockpit cracked a rib . One flight attendant was temporarily trapped by an evacuation chute that opened inside the plane . Two other flight attendants were not in their seats at the rear of the aircraft when the plane finally ground to a halt , because they were ejected as the aircraft broke up . "  They were found down the runway and off to the side of the runway , " Hersman said . Flight attendants hailed as heroes Many of those hospitalized have been released . At San Francisco General Hospital , for instance , 50 of the 62 patients are now free to go home . But others still require care . Four adults and one child in critical condition are still at San Francisco General suffering from internal bleeding , fractures and spinal cord , abdominal and traumatic brain injuries , according to the hospital . Crew recall plane being too high , then too low The "  flying pilot " and "  instructor pilot " who were in the front seat of the cockpit were not among the injured , according to Hersman . Asiana hired the flying pilot in 1994 , after which he reported amassing nearly 10,000 hours of total flight time . That experience included time piloting 737 , 747 and A-320 aircraft , and he was a ground school and simulator instructor for the latter model . The instructor pilot , a South Korean air force veteran with about 13,000 hours of flight experience , recalled Flight 214 being "  slightly high when they passed 4,000 feet  and  they set vertical speed mode at about 1,500 feet per minute , " explained Hersman . But they ended up coming in low . The third pilot in the cockpit told investigators that , with "  the nose ... pitched up , ... he could not see the runway , " said the NTSB chief . In the last few hundred feet before touchdown , the crew was making both lateral and vertical adjustments -- meaning they were both trying to move sideways to get toward the runway and adjust their height . Shock and survival : Plane crash through the eyes of children When the aircraft hit , it spun 360 degrees . An oil tank ruptured and leaked fuel onto the plane 's right engine , starting a fire . Eventually , evacuation chutes deployed , and at least seven of the aircraft 's eight doors were opened .  An eighth was found on the ground , Hersman explained . Very soon after the plane stopped , tending to the wounded and the investigation began . That probe will continue for months , though authorities have released significant details so far . So much information , in fact , the Air Line Pilots Association , for a second straight day on Tuesday , criticized what it called the "  NTSB 's release of incomplete , out-of-context information " that "  has fueled rampant speculation about the cause of the accident . " First responders describe eerie , chaotic moments after crash The union further questioned whether some tools were available to the crew , claiming , for instance , that the "  Instrument Landing System , a critical aid to pilots ,  was  out of service . " "  Without the full body of facts surrounding a catastrophic event , partial or incomplete information can lead to erroneous conclusions and , in turn , skew the perception of individuals ' behavior , " the pilots union said in its Tuesday statement . "  This could then lead to misguided assessments of the crew 's intentions and actions . " Hersman disputed the union 's claims earlier Tuesday on CNN , saying the agency believes that transparent release of information is crucial . "  We believe that it is always better to put out the correct information and factual information so that bad information is not able to propagate , " she said . Aviation experts say that air crashes often involve several factors , and the San Francisco tragedy appears to be following form . Experience , training , crew actions , airport navigation , and now the possible role of a mechanical system are all in the mix . The NTSB is not expected to render a decision on probable cause for months . During her news conference later Tuesday , Hersman stressed that "  there 's still a lot of work to be done . " "  We will not determine probable cause while we are here on scene , " she said , adding there 's a lot of information to collect and analyze . " ... I would really encourage all of you to be very cautious about speculating on the cause of the crash . " How does an air crash investigation work ? CNN 's Chelsea Carter , Mike Ahlers and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : 1 flight attendant was trapped by chute , 2 were ejected , NTSB chief says "  Flying pilot " was training to fly a Boeing 777 , adds Deborah Hersman Sitting next to him was a man who was an "  instructor pilot " for first time , she adds The plane 's main landing gear hit a seawall at the airport , followed by its tail
CNN  -- Disgust , anger and shock greeted official statements from South Korean authorities that texts and social media posts from survivors trapped inside the stricken ferry had been faked . Messages such as "  I am still alive ... in the cafeteria please help me my battery is running out please believe me , " and "  My phone is not working I am inside the boat I ca n't see anything " were spreading on social media on Thursday -- as late as over 24 hours after the incident . The messages gave extra substance to hope at least some of the hundreds of missing passengers were alive and awaiting rescue . News and rumors of the texts circulated around families of the missing . The purported texts contained so much detail , they made relatives "  surprised and excited , " one mother said earlier this week . The texts also fueled a tense atmosphere at Jindo -- where distraught families viewed them as proof several passengers were alive . This led to remonstrations and the hurling of objects at authorities , who relatives accused of not doing enough to save their children . "  An investigation from the Police Cyber Terror Response Center verified that all texts in question -LSB- from passengers still within the ship -RSB- are fake , " South Korea police posted on its official Twitter account . "  Please stop such actions that are causing pain to the families of missing passengers . The malicious distributors of these texts will be strictly dealt with . " South Korea has been gripped by this tragedy and the pronouncement of these fake social posts added to the collective anguish -- especially as social media has been playing a crucial role in relaying information from the site . Police successfully put out a call on social media to find any relatives of a rescued six-year-old girl who had been on board with her parents and older brother . The revelations of fake posts have added to a growing sense of public confusion , mistrust and escalating frustration -- particularly among the passengers ' relatives -- over the handling of the search and rescue operations , media coverage and official releases of information . Nationwide grief Across the country , scheduled festivals , concerts and school field trips are among the events that have been canceled . TV networks have been carrying the search virtually non-stop since the incident . All news and top searched keywords on the main Internet portals remain linked to the ship , while wishes for good news are flooding social media . "  Hoping everyone will be returned to the arms of their families ... Please be strong . Remembering the SEWOL disaster ... " tweeted Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Hyun-Jin Ryu . "  All I can hope for is that our friends will return alive ... " tweeted Kim Min Hyuk , a senior at the high school that sent 325 students and 15 teachers on a field trip aboard the ill-fated ferry . CNN 's Madison Park in Jindo contributed to this report .	Police say messages from ` survivors trapped in ferry ' are fake South Korea gripped by the tragedy Social media full of well-wishers
CNN  -- The U.N. Council for Human Rights began debate Thursday over whether to adopt the recommendations of a controversial U.N. report examining the three-week winter war between Israel and the militant group Hamas in Gaza . An Israeli soldier sits on a tank on the Israel-Gaza border just before fighting began in December 2008 . The report , based on a fact-finding mission led by former South African jurist Richard Goldstone , was released last month and concluded that Israel and Hamas had both committed "  actions amounting to war crimes , possibly crimes against humanity . " Speaking at the start of the meeting , Israeli Ambassador Aharon Leshno Yaar blasted the United Nations for even holding the special session . Yaar said it "  had nothing to do with human rights and everything to do with Palestinian politics . " He said adoption of the "  biased " recommendations of the Goldstone report , which calls for further action by the General Assembly and Security Council if both sides do not conduct credible investigations , would constitute a "  reward for terror " that "  will set back hopes for peace in the region . " Previously , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned the Palestinian Authority that pushing action on the Goldstone report would deal "  a mortal blow " to the peace process . The council received the report September 29 but took no action , after a request by the Palestinian Authority to defer discussion for six months . The Palestinian Authority government of Mahmoud Abbas came under withering domestic criticism for the move and was accused of succumbing to Israeli and American pressure to drop the issue . Abbas reversed course Sunday and in a televised address told Palestinians that he was seeking immediate debate within the Human Rights Council and vowed to work "  to punish everyone who was responsible for the hideous crimes committed against our children , our men and women -- especially in our dear Gaza . " Ibrahim Khraishi , the Palestinian Authority 's U.N. ambassador in Geneva , said Israel had rebuffed the Palestinian Authority 's conciliatory move to defer debate on the report and instead had answered "  with even more grave violations of the rights of Palestinians " in the form of restrictions of movement and housing demolitions in East Jerusalem . The 47-member Human Rights Council is expected to vote on the resolution on Friday . The draft resolution goes beyond the Gaza conflict . It "  strongly condemns " measures taken by Israel limiting Palestinians ' access to their properties and holy sites "  on the basis of national origin , religion , sex , age or any other discriminatory ground . " It further condemns "  Israeli violations of human rights in Occupied East Jerusalem , particularly the confiscation of lands and properties , the demolishing of houses and private properties , the construction and expansion of settlements , the continuous construction of the separation wall , changing the demographic and geographic character of East Jerusalem , the restrictions on the freedom of movement of the Palestinian citizens of East Jerusalem , as well as the continuous digging and excavation works in and around Al-Aqsa mosque and its vicinity . " There is an ongoing dispute about the number of people killed in the three-week military offensive that Israel called Operation Cast Lead , which began December 27 and ended January 18 . The Gaza-based Palestinian Center for Human Rights put the death toll at 1,419 and said 1,167 of those were non-combatants . The Israeli military released its own figures earlier this year , saying that 1,166 people were killed , 60 percent of whom were "  terror operatives . "	Report says both Israel and Hamas took "  actions amounting to war crimes " Fact-finding mission looked at the three-week war last winter in Gaza Report calls for further action by U.N. unless both sides conduct investigations Israel blasts the report ; Palestinians call for immediate U.N. debate
Rolling Stone  -- Justin Bieber has revealed that his upcoming album "  Believe , " his third , will feature a songwriting collaboration with Taylor Swift . The U.K. 's Capital FM Radio posted audio yesterday from a recent conversation with Bieber on the program Vodafone Big Top 40 in which Bieber announced the country-pop singer-songwriter will join Believe 's all-star guest list . When asked whether the Swift collaboration would have a country flavor , Bieber replied in the affirmative and explained that "  Believe " will reflect a diverse range of styles . "  It does n't stay in a box , " he explained . "  Everything is so different and that 's why I 'm so happy with this album . " Other "  Believe " guests include Drake , Kanye West , Timbaland and Diplo . On Monday , Bieber announced on Twitter that the album will also include a duet with Usher . "  Believe " is expected to come out this summer . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Justin Bieber is set to collaborate with Taylor Swift on "  Believe " "  Believe " is Bieber 's upcoming third album Other "  Believe " guests include Drake , Kanye West , Timbaland
CNN  -- Months after Comair Flight 5191 's deadly accident in Lexington , Kentucky , in 2006 , I continued to look through the thousands of pages of official evidence to understand what happened . Although this was my fifth airline accident investigation , no matter how many times I examined the documents , there simply was no egregious act leading up to the disaster 's key event : The airliner took off from the wrong runway . Then it dawned on me -- and shook me to my core . As a captain flying the same type of aircraft in and out of the same airport , I could have had the same takeoff accident . This could have been me . This was not some troubled crew , but one that had been praised for their safety standards and passion for flying . While pouring over the accident "  facts , " I could not help but notice how normal everything seemed early that morning . The documents painted the picture . This looked like any other morning I had experienced as an airline pilot . But yet , something was terribly wrong , we had just suffered the worst U.S. airline accident in five years and 49 passengers and crew were dead . How would we ever put our finger on one item and identify it as the factor with which in its absence the accident would not have occurred ? How do we establish this one component as being more important in causation as compared to the others discovered ? And in the United States we do this even if the evidence still does not support it . We do it because we have to , and the federal organization that investigates plane crashes , the National Transportation Safety Board , has no choice . At least right now . When NTSB investigators are finished walking through the rubble and sifting through the broken parts , they analyze the results and offer up what -- for some people -- are palatable answers . These answers might include phrases such as "  He failed to do this ... " or "  She did not follow a procedure , " explanations that strip away the confusion and reveal a supposed weak link in an otherwise robust transportation system . These explanations satisfy our desire to understand how order can become disorder so quickly . These single cause explanations unfortunately read like who is to blame . When the NTSB was created by Congress more than 40 years ago , lawmakers ordered them not to assign blame . But Congress did command the NTSB to find a probable cause . However , using single , narrow explanations -- with qualifiers such as "  failed to " or "  did not " when aimed at a single incident or person -- does just that . Single explanations fall short of answering a larger , perhaps more important question : Why ? Why did "  he fail to do this ? " Or "  Why did she not follow procedure " This is where the true lever for change firmly rests . The missed opportunity to truly understand the complexity of these events . As seen in the recent hearings surrounding last year 's crash landing of Asiana Flight 214 , the complexity is evident and is painfully clear that you can not choose one thing to stand above the rest . You can not say that one item of interest was the most important at the expense of other causal roles taking a backseat . Maybe some are more central to the final act moments to the event , but there is no metric for determining which event is the one that goes to the top of the list and everything takes a lesser role . Why are we so convinced that we can ? In fact , sizable research into these events shows that it is simply wasted energy to try to do so . Why are we so focused on trying to find that one elusive smoking gun when it is never really there ? This is why many countries no longer try . The United States is one of the last industrialized nations that still tries to find a single cause to these complex transportation accidents . This is an impossible task left over from an outdated congressional mandate that has caused the United States to lag behind in accident investigation . For example , in Canada , the Transport Safety Board has done away with causal statements altogether . Instead , it lists its findings and recommendations -- thus avoiding an artificially narrow focus on blaming a few things or people . It recognizes as do many other countries that it is a futile effort . After an accident last year , Canada 's TSB chair Wendy Tadros reported : "  We hold by the theory that no accident is ever caused by one thing . It 's always a series of things , and it always involves an organization and how they operate . We need to look deeply into that . It never comes down to one individual . " She is right . Years ago when our congressional mandate was written , investigative methods were still in their infancy . Additionally , over the past 20 years , increased regulatory oversight , improved engineering methods and better procedures to name a few have helped reduce the number of deadly airline accidents to its lowest in history . Single factors by themselves do not "  cause " safety . Why would a single factor also be responsible for an accident ? So why do we continue to offer explanations to the traveling public at the expense of improving the larger system ? Do we really believe that a single human decision could topple a safe transportation system ? Fourteen years ago , a Rand Study of the NTSB titled "  Safety in the Skies " specifically addressed the issue of single , probable cause . One recommendation said , "  the NTSB should move away from simplistic , one-line probable cause statements , and instead consistently adopt a comprehensive statement that reflects the reality that a modern aircraft accident is rarely the result of a single error or failure . " After the Comair accident , then-NTSB board member Deborah Hersman , who is the current NTSB chairman , stated the same concern in a statement at the end of the accident report . "  I do suggest that the Safety Board should explore other approaches to determining probable cause or causes as a way to refine our approach and if necessary , ask Congress to grant us the statutory relief needed to structure our probable cause findings to be more comprehensive . " It 's an idea that has been sitting around longer than the Rand report . What are we waiting for ? Do we think these accidents will become less complex with time , or that our systems are so brittle that despite safeguards and resilience they will collapse with a single inevitable human error ? Of course not . Then why do we still try to find the one item that did ? I think the traveling American public deserves the same breadth of investigative findings that other world citizens are offered . If we hope to improve upon the currently stalled accident rate , we must -- like the rest of the world -- move beyond artificially narrowed construction of causation statements and truly see the events before us as they are instead of forcing them into an outdated congressional mandate of single cause . Congress , it 's your move . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shawn Pruchnicki .	Comair Flight 5191 investigator on crash that killed 49 : This could have been me Shawn Pruchnicki says crash probes should cast wider net beyond a single factor The U.S. is one of the last industrialized nations that still does it , Pruchnicki says Pruchnicki calls on Congress to change the NTSB 's mandate
Japan on Friday eased several of its sanctions on North Korea after the two countries made progress this week in talks about Japanese citizens kidnapped by the North Korean regime during the Cold War . The sanctions the Japanese government is lifting or softening include an entry ban on North Korean citizens , an embargo on North Korean ships in Japanese ports and a requirement for reporting movements of money to North Korea . Tokyo is easing some of its unilateral sanctions , but it 's sticking to the multilateral ones set out in U.N. resolutions . Japan 's move came after the regime in Pyongyang agreed this week to reopen investigations into the decades-old cases of the kidnap victims following talks between the two sides in Beijing . According to the Japanese government , North Korean operatives abducted at least 17 Japanese people in the late 1970s and early 1980s , possibly dozens more . Special committee In 2002 , North Korea admitted to the kidnappings for the first time but allowed only five abduction victims to return home to Japan . Information on the remaining 12 was sketchy at best . Some were kidnapped alone , while walking to and from school . Others were taken in pairs while out on dates , including a couple snatched from the beach after walking to see the sunset . North Korea is setting up a "  Special Investigative Committee , " the country 's state-run Korean Central News Agency reported Friday . The committee of about 30 officials will look into the cases of "  all Japanese " residing in North Korea , the report said , with different panels for abducted Japanese , missing Japanese and Japanese people 's remains . Visits , ships and money Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had announced plans to ease the sanctions Thursday . He said such a move would be "  only a start , " and that he would aim for a "  complete resolution " of the issue . His government said Friday that it would remove the entry ban on North Korean citizens and partially lift the embargo on North Korean-flagged ships , allowing those on "  humanitarian " missions to dock in Japanese ports . It also raised the threshold at which money moved into North Korea has to be reported : from 100,000 yen  about $ 1,000  to 1 million yen for cash , and from 3 million yen to 30 million yen for money transfers . The government also removed a restriction that asked Japanese citizens to voluntarily not travel to North Korea , a measure that had stymied the organization of commercial tours to the country . U.S. supportive The United States has so far expressed support for Japan 's efforts to resolve the abductions issue in a transparent way , saying it 's in close contact with Tokyo on the matter . South Korea has said it "  looks forward to an early resolution on humanitarian grounds " of the kidnapping cases , stressing that the process should not undermine efforts to put pressure on North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs . The families of the kidnapped Japanese citizens , meanwhile , are waiting to see whether the diplomatic maneuvers will bring them any answers about what happened to their missing relatives .	Affected sanctions include an entry ban on N. Korean citizens and an embargo on ships Pyongyang says it is setting up a special committee to investigate the Japanese cases North Korean operatives kidnapped at least 17 Japanese citizens in the '70s and '80s The United States has voiced support for Japan 's efforts to resolve the issue
CNN  -- Scientists have found a wide-eyed primate -- a clawed fur ball that fits snugly in one hand -- in the first live sighting in more than 80 years of a creature that some thought was extinct . "  It was truly amazing , " one scientist said . "  I could n't conceive that we had actually caught one . " Over a two-month period , scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi caught and released three pygmy tarsiers . They bear a striking resemblance to the Furby , an electronic toy that spoke its own fantasy language and dominated children 's wish lists in the late 1990s . They caught two males and one female , said Sharon Gursky-Doyen , a Texas A&M University anthropology professor who led the expedition . The group spotted a fourth -- high in the tree canopy -- but were unable to catch it . The species had not been observed alive in more than eight decades , since they were collected for a museum in 1921 . Many scientists had believed them to be extinct until eight years ago , when two scientists trapping rats in Sulawesi accidentally trapped and killed one . "  I needed to go myself ... to confirm in my own mind , " whether they were there , Gursky-Doyen told CNN on Wednesday , after recently returning from Indonesia . And , on the second night of trapping in August on moss-covered , chilly Mt. Rore Katimbo , her group caught the first small nocturnal creature in a mist net . "  It was truly amazing , " she said . "  My whole body was shaking ... I could n't conceive that we had actually caught one . " The second trapping did n't come until three weeks later , but that first sighting "  kept us going , " Gursky-Doyen said , amid the cold , drenched conditions . The pygmy tarsier , or Tarsius pumilus , weighs about 50 grams  1.7 ounces  , and has dense fur , large , protruding eyes . In addition to seeming as a living , breathing version of the Furby , it also appears as though it ought to have had appeared in the 1984 movie "  Gremlins . " Unlike other primates , the pygmy tarsier -- endemic to a specific area of Indonesia -- has claws instead of nails on its fingers . It is half as big as the Philippines tarsier , which has similar features . For their part , the pygmy tarsiers may have been more frightened than elated at being discovered . "  I was bit once , but I take responsibility for that , " Gursky-Doyen said , explaining that the animal nipped her as she was trying to attach a radio collar -- to track its movement -- to its neck . The task is n't an easy one , she said , because the animal can swivel its head around 180 degrees . Despite another person helping to hold the animal still , he turned and bit her , she said . They have "  pointy , triangular teeth , " she said . It was "  very painful . " But for the most part , they appeared very "  passive , " she said . Other tarsier species give alarm calls , but these did n't , at least nothing that a human could hear , she said . Gursky-Doyen said she would like her graduate student , Nanda Grow , also on the expedition , to return to the field site for her dissertation , to learn more about the number of animals and how altitude and other variables affect them . "  I do believe that the density of these animals is very low , " she said , noting that many villages are located within Lore Lindu National Park . "  That threatens them , " she said .	Pygmy tarsiers thought to be extinct for more than eight decades Scientists working in Lore Lindu National Park caught and released three Primate resembles Furby toy that was popular in 1990s Scientist says villages near park threaten pygmy tarsiers ' existence
CNN  -- The crowd of farmers in the Nile Delta 's Sharqiya Province cheered loudly whenever the neatly groomed candidate came out with a new promise . Jobs ! Schools ! Better social services ! A better future ! He smiled broadly as the cheering swelled , wiping the sweat off his brow with a white handkerchief . He wore a freshly pressed white shirt with an open collar , under a well-cut blue blazer . He was the picture of authority and self-confidence . Afterward , one of the farmers brushed off the other contenders in the presidential election as posers . "  There is no one else , " he told me . "  The other candidates do n't care about Egypt . They 've been hired ! " His candidate , Hosni Mubarak , easily won the election , back in September 2005 , though there is little doubt it was rigged in his favor . It was another "  historic " election , the first multi-candidate presidential election ever , though the challengers never had a chance against an incumbent backed by the vast resources and lack of scruples of the Egyptian state . Today , Mubarak is under armed guard albeit in a luxury wing of a Cairo hospital , awaiting the verdict from his trial in early June . Much has changed since the last presidential election , but much remains the same . Mubarak came from the military , and the military , in the form of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  , still runs the country . While SCAF has tried to talk the talk of the new era , all of its members rose through the ranks of the Egyptian military with the blessings of Hosni Mubarak . According to the U.S. State Department cables posted on the Internet by Wikileaks , midlevel Egyptian army officers referred to Field Marshall Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , the head of SCAF , as "  Mubarak 's poodle . " SCAF has overseen the process that led to this presidential election , in which Egyptians had the opportunity to choose their president from among 13 candidates on the ballot  although two pulled out of the race  . Since Mubarak stepped down on February 11 , 2011 , SCAF has stumbled from one crisis to another , reacting with violence and brutality against protesters , but often ceding ground when Tahrir Square filled and passions boiled . SCAF has pledged to hand over executive power to a civilian president by the end of June . In theory , Egypt is on the cusp of monumental change . These are heady days in Egypt . Everyone seems to be pontificating on politics , comparing candidates , pondering platforms . The election is everywhere . The airwaves are full of it , Facebook and Twitter are abuzz with it , the streets are festooned with posters and banners . On the surface it seems so different from the predictable , managed , officially sanctioned politics of the Mubarak years . But the choice facing Egyptians is , actually , little changed . Under the old regime , Hosni Mubarak made it clear he was the champion of the status quo , holding back the Islamist tide , led by the then-banned but tolerated Muslim Brotherhood . In this election , voters can choose the status quo -- with some lip service to post-revolutionary reality -- in the form of former foreign minister and later Arab League Secretary General Amre Moussa or ex-civil aviation minister and briefly prime minister Ahmed Shafik . Or they can opt for a new Islamic order , either with the full-on Muslim Brotherhood candidate , U.S.-educated Mohamed Morsi , or the Islamic-lite candidate Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh . Add to the mix Hamdeen Sabahy , a Nasserist who appeals to the leftists and the nationalists . In recent days Sabahy 's numbers have been rising , perhaps as a backlash against the paucity of choices among the front-runners . The establishment -- the bureaucracy , the military , the intelligence services and the business community -- clearly does n't want to see the Islamists come to power . Tuesday , the semi-official Cairo daily , Al-Akhbar , ran an ominous page-three story with the headline : "  Beware of a military coup : the future will be frightening if the Brotherhood reaches the summit of power . " The source of this disturbing headline was none other than former vice president and veteran intelligence chief Omar Suleiman , quoted in the London pan-Arab daily Al-Hayat . He painted a grim picture of the Brotherhood setting up a revolutionary guard , along the lines of Iran , to fight against the Egyptian military . The military , he warned , does not know how cunning the Brotherhood can be . Another Cairo daily ran banner headlines warning that if either of the Islamist candidates wins it would be "  Apocalypse Now " -- A Mosaic plague of catastrophic proportions will descend upon Egypt , with a breakdown in security , violence , kidnapping , thuggery and theft , massive capital flight , political isolation , unemployment , poverty , and illness . On top of all that , once the Islamists have power , the paper predicted , they will murder all their political opponents . Those who are opposed to the Brotherhood tend to see them as forked-tongue Taliban in ties , eager to impose Islamic law , force women to cover up , and ban alcohol . But for Egyptians struggling with rising prices and low wages , the Brotherhood offers the promise of a better future . Indeed , the view is not so grim among those who have received only the crumbs off the status quo 's table . Gamal , a bank clerk living in the old Cairo district of Sayida Zaynab , will be voting for Mohamed Morsi of the Brotherhood . "  The health system is in bad shape , as is education , " he says . "  Conditions for people in Egypt are very , very bad . " In the Nile city of Beni Suef , farmer Ashour Darwish attended a crowded Muslim Brotherhood rally , eager to hear Morsi speak . He supports the Brotherhood , he told me , because they are champions of what matters to him : "  justice , transparency , implementation of Islamic law , the plight of the poor farmers , and unemployment . " The Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , won more than 40 % of the seats in Egypt 's lower house of Parliament in recent elections . After being hounded by the police and intelligence agencies for decades , they are finally free to operate , and are n't shy about flexing their muscles . Jihad Haddad , a young Brotherhood member , sees no reason why the group should be shy about its power . "  We came by the vote of the people and by the choice of the people , " he says . "  What we really want is application of real reform policies on the ground , and we ca n't have that opportunity if we are out of executive power . " It would be rash at this point to make any predictions of who will actually win that executive power . The Muslim Brotherhood is a formidable organization that can mobilize its supporters and ensure a high turnout . They did it for the parliamentary elections and they 'll doubtless be able to do it this time as well . But the prospect of both the legislative and executive branches dominated by the Brotherhood worries many . Magdi Zaki works in the Finance Ministry , and voted for the Brotherhood . But he feels they are novices in power , grandstanding on live broadcasts from the parliament , but doing little else . "  They have no political background , " he says dismissive contempt , like a seasoned theatre critic dismissing a flop . Polls of potential voters have been all over the place , but they do show that a majority of Egyptians have yet to make up their minds . They debate the choices in taxis and buses , in the subway , in cafes , over breakfast , lunch and dinner , over Twitter and on Facebook , changing their minds between meals . One seasoned veteran of Egyptian politics $ " who requested anonymity $ " chuckled over the fickle nature of the voters , and puts it this way : "  This is the first time I 've ever had people ask me , ` Who do you think is going to win the presidential election ? ' I honestly have no idea . "	Much has changed since the last presidential election Some unchanged : Mubarak came from the military , military still runs Egypt Election presented varied choices : Islamists , leftists , former regime members
CNN  -- "  Game of Thrones " has never strictly followed the book series it 's based on , but that fan frustration turned disturbing on Sunday 's episode . In the third installment of the fourth season , "  Breaker of Chains , " fans were flabbergasted by a scene in which Jaime Lannister  Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  forces himself on his sister , Cersei  Lena Headey  . It was n't the incest viewers were taken back by -- Jamie and Cersei 's relationship is a crucial thread in the books and on the HBO series -- but the rape . It was a confusing and jarring plot twist , not only because Jaime and Cersei 's trysts have been consensual , but because the scene does n't play out that way in George R.R. Martin 's "  A Song of Ice and Fire " series . As excerpts show , Martin did envision Jaime being the more enthusiastic participant at this point in the story , and Cersei as more hesitant . But , as Martin makes clear on his blog , she was n't raped . "  Though the time and place is wildly inappropriate and Cersei is fearful of discovery , she is as hungry for him as he is for her , " he says . That said , "  Game of Thrones " has made some chronological changes to the storyline , meaning "  neither character is in the same place as in the books , which may be why  the scene  played ... differently , " Martin went on . "  But that 's just my surmise ; we never discussed this scene , to the best of my recollection . " It sounds like the director and the two actors starring in the scene did n't talk much about it either . As the episode 's helmer Alex Graves told HitFix 's Alan Sepinwall , "  nobody really wanted to talk about what was going on between the two characters , so we had a rehearsal that was a blocking rehearsal . ... By the time you do that and you walk through it , the actors feel comfortable going home to think about it . The only other thing I did was that ordinarily , you rehearse the night before , and I wanted to rehearse that scene four days before , so that we could think about everything . And it worked out really well . That 's one of my favorite scenes I 've ever done . " Graves also appears to have a different understanding of what was portrayed on screen . "  Well , it becomes consensual by the end , because anything for them ultimately results in a turn-on , especially a power struggle , " he said . Although Martin did n't have a conversation about the controversial moment before it arrived on air , he did always intend for that moment "  to be disturbing , " the author says on his blog . "  But I do regret if it has disturbed people for the wrong reasons . "	Sunday 's "  Game of Thrones " featured a controversial scene The author of the book series the show 's based on has responded George R.R. Martin : I intended for that scene to be disturbing
CNN  Under harsh lights in a private , rented room in Berlin , women face each other in violent , sometimes bloody battles of brute strength . There are no official rules to this female fight club . The fighters are both beginners and professionals , anywhere from age 20 to 50 , said photographer Katarzyna Mazur , who spent months documenting the club in 2013 and 2014 . Led by founders nicknamed Anna Konda and Red Devil , a match might pit a bodybuilder against a martial arts master . They can wrestle , throw punches or "  cat fight . " There 's no judge , just someone who knows the parameters they 've decided for the match . The small audience is mostly made up of men , but it 's a place for women to shed the roles they play outside . "  When I saw this kind of fighting for the first time , I was quite shocked . I had never seen something like that before , and it was really interesting to experience all of this so close , " said Mazur , who photographed the fight club as part of her work toward graduation from photography school . "  Inhibition and fear do not exist on the mat . " At first , Mazur said , she shot the fight club in color , but the look of the blue mat and neon lights did n't satisfy her . She shifted to black-and-white images and reduced her point of view , getting as close as she could to the action . "  It was not easy to work like that , because the matches were going very quickly and were unpredictable , " she said , although fighters were respectful and would stop if someone was seriously hurt . "  I had to be very careful not to get hit . Fortunately , there are chairs on the side , so I could jump on them if the female fighters suddenly rolled under my feet . " For all the aggression built into fighting , Mazur said , the project required a lot of sensitivity . She had to work quickly , and she did n't always know her subjects well . The bouts , the motivations , the scene can all leave a lot of room for interpretation . Mazur said she had to examine her own limitations , questioning "  How far can I go ? Do they trust me ? Am I allowed to do that ? " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  I enjoy exploring new worlds , especially a world which exists in a gray area , " she said . She also had to remember that the fighters pushing and pummeling inside the club have lives outside , too -- they 're mothers , partners , friends . Their actions on the mat might contradict how they live the rest of their lives . Even years later , the fight club is still running and is "  better than ever , " Mazur said . "  Very often , I was very moved after seeing and editing the pictures , realizing what exactly happened there , " Mazur said . "  It is important to always remember my role as a photographer and to always approach the subject with interest and  an open mind  . " Katarzyna Mazur is a Polish photographer based in Berlin . You can follow her on Facebook .	Katarzyna Mazur spent months photographing a female fight club in Berlin "  I enjoy exploring new worlds , especially a world which exists in a gray area , " Mazur said
CNN  -- U.S. intelligence officials would not rule out the possibility on Tuesday that admitted National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden has been meeting secretly with Russian authorities , who have given him asylum from U.S. prosecution . The subject of Russia dominated a House Intelligence Committee hearing , featuring testimony from the director of national intelligence , as well as the heads of the CIA , FBI , and Defense Intelligence Agency . DNI James Clapper told lawmakers it was "  certainly a possibility " Russian intelligence services have spoken with Snowden , the former National Security Agency contractor whose disclosure of sensitive surveillance methods has caused a political uproar . "  I would find it incredulous if they did n't , " said Clapper , about any efforts to influence Snowden by the FSB , Russia 's state security organization . At least a half-dozen lawmakers raised broader concerns about Russia 's global influence in areas like : -- The civil war in Syria , where Russia has long supported the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . -- Support of Ukraine 's current leadership , whose policies have prompted massive citizen demonstrations in the capital Kiev in recent weeks . -- The Winter Olympics , which begin later this week in the Black Sea resort of Sochi . U.S. officials have raised concerns about what they call a lack of security cooperation to ensure the safety of American athletes and interests . "  I do think that this is somewhat reflective of current leadership in Russia , " said Clapper . "  I think there is clearly a desire to return to great global power status . And I think that colors the behavior of the Russian government in the pursuit of their interests in which they are competitive with us . " Committee chairman Mike Rogers pressed FBI Director James Comey about whether journalists or news organizations could be held accountable for publishing sensitive material Snowden might still have in his possession . Documents he has admitted taking from secure NSA databases were exposed last summer , revealing the existence of vast American surveillance of electronic metadata relating to phone records and e-mail . "  So if I 'm a newspaper reporter for , fill-in-the-blank , and I sell stolen material , is that legal because I 'm a newspaper reporter ? " Rogers , a Michigan Republican , asked . "  Right , if you 're a newspaper reporter and you 're hocking stolen jewelry , it 's still a crime , " Comey replied . Rogers then asked : "  And if I 'm hocking stolen classified material that I 'm not legally in possession of , for personal gain and profit , is that not a crime ? " Comey responded : "  I think that 's a harder question , because it involves a newsgathering function . It could have First Amendment implications . " He would not talk specifics , calling the Snowden leaks an "  active investigation . " Clapper later said less than 10 percent of the documents Snowden allegedly took with him overseas has to do with "  domestic surveillance . " He also had a personal message for Snowden , who has been charged in federal court with espionage . "  Snowden , for his part , claims that he 's won and that his mission is accomplished , " said Clapper . "  If that 's so , I call on him and his accomplices to facilitate the return of the remaining stolen documents that have not yet been exposed to prevent even more damage to U.S. security . " Matthew Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , highlighted concern over the Olympics , and whether Muslim fundamentalists in disputed regions of Russia -- or other groups -- could launch deadly attacks on selected targets . Russian security forces have cracked down on suspected militants in the restive North Caucasus republic of Dagestan and elsewhere in recent weeks , after twin suicide bombings in the city of Volgograd in December . "  The primary threat , from a terrorism perspective , comes from Imarat Kavkaz , probably the most prominent terrorist group in Russia . It 's made its intent clear to seek to carry out attacks in the run-up to the games , " said Olsen . "  We think the greater danger from a terrorist perspective is in potential for attacks to occur outside of the actual venues for the games themselves in the area surrounding Sochi or outside of Sochi in the region . " Against that backdrop , was the announcement on Tuesday that U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul would leave his post later this month . He cited a desire to return to his family in California . McFaul has been a controversial figure in Russia , with some state-run media viewing him with suspicion for his outspoken support of pro-democracy groups . One U.S. senator had tough words for Russia , while praising McFaul for his efforts to implement President Barack Obama 's "  reset " policy to improve relations with Moscow . "  I have been deeply disturbed by the campaign of harassment the Russian government initiated and supported against Ambassador McFaul throughout his admirable service in Moscow , " said Sen. John McCain , an Arizona Republican . "  In my view , such conduct by the Russian government warrants concern for other U.S. officials working in the country . "	Top U.S. intelligence official said it was possible Russian intelligence has spoken to Snowden Snowden , a former government contractor , leaked sensitive U.S surveillance information to media Facing federal charges in the United States , Snowden is now living under asylum in Russia
Budget Travel  -- Getting a visa can be a thicket of red tape -- or as easy as pie . Whether you should hire someone or do it yourself depends on where you 're going . Article key DIY Do-it-yourself . Visas are easy to get on your own . $ Pay somebody . Save time and frustration by hiring some expert help . Australia  DIY The easiest and cheapest method is applying online for an Electronic Travel Authority , a stampless visa  $ 17 , eta.immi.gov.au  . After completing a form that requires your passport details and a credit card , you can be approved in 30 seconds . You can also apply for an ETA in person at the embassy for free . Securing a visa by regular mail from the Washington , D.C. , embassy is possible  austemb.org  , but it costs $ 70 and takes two weeks . If you want help : The Australian government does n't charge for visas arranged through expediters or travel agents , so all you 'll have to pay is the company 's fee .  PassportVisasExpress.com charges $ 20 for two-day processing .  Qantas agents can get you an electronic visa within 15 minutes for $ 25 . Tour operators often handle visas , and some charge for the service . Newmans South Pacific Vacations will deduct its $ 25 processing fee if you take care of the visa yourself . Brazil  $ Visas cost $ 100 , and it 's worth it to hire a specialist  see below  . Travel Document Systems ' three - to seven-day service is $ 45 ; PassportVisasExpress.com charges $ 59 for seven-day processing . Brazil tacks on a $ 10 surcharge for visas handled by third parties . To save money : The rules for doing your own paperwork depend on where you live  brasilemb.org  . To get a visa from the consulates in San Francisco or New York , you must apply in person or pay an extra $ 10 if a third party appears for you . In San Francisco , visas are typically processed in five business days and can be sent to you via a U.S. Postal Service prepaid envelope , so bring one with you . In New York , visas are usually ready in 24 hours but must be picked up by someone . If you live near Chicago or D.C. , you can apply by mail to those consulates . There 's a $ 10 handling fee ; allow at least three weeks . Most Brazilian consulates only accept U.S.P.S. money orders . And if you apply by mail , most require you to use U.S.P.S. Express Mail . China  $ Specialists charge $ 45 - $ 55 on top of the $ 100 consular fee  up from $ 50 as of August 1  to get you a visa in about four days . If you book a package , the operator will take care of your application for $ 20 - $ 30 , shipping included . To save money : Apply in person or send a third party to the embassy in D.C. , or the consulates in Chicago , Houston , L.A. , New York City or San Francisco  china-embassy . org  . There 's no option to apply by mail , but visas will be mailed back to you if you supply a prepaid envelope . You should allow at least four business days for regular processing , or add an extra $ 30 for same-day service . Cashier 's checks , money orders and cash are OK . Egypt  DIY U.S. passport holders can pay $ 15 for a visa at the Cairo airport . Stop by the visa-payment booth before getting in line for immigration and customs . To apply in advance : You can apply by mail to an Egyptian consulate ; allow a week or more for processing  egyptembassy.net  . You can also go to the New York consulate and get a visa that day ; the San Francisco one needs at least 24 hours for processing . Some consulates only take money orders and certified or cashier 's checks . A visa specialist can get a visa in three days starting at $ 45 . To save time : Travelers with Foreign Independent Tours and Misr Travel can pay an extra $ 20 - $ 25 to have a staffer meet them at the Cairo airport with a prepaid visa sticker . That way , they can go directly to immigration . India  DIY Beware the 15-day transit visa : It only costs $ 30 , but the countdown begins the moment the consulate stamps the visa . Instead , opt for the $ 60 , six-month tourist visa . If you 're booking your trip through a tour operator or travel agent , ask them to deal with the visa . Many will do it for free -- all you have to pay is the fee  with a cashier 's or certified check or a money order  and fill out the forms , which they can help with . The process takes about a week . Getting a visa from a consulate yourself via mail also takes about a week . To save time : Apply before 12:30 P.M. at any of the five consulates in the U.S.  indianembassy.org  , and you can get a visa that afternoon . Cash , money orders , and certified or cashier 's checks only . If you want help : Compare expediters ' prices . PassportVisasExpress.com charges $ 59  seven days  , while Zierer Visa Service asks $ 55  10 days  . Kenya  DIY Get a visa for $ 50  U.S. cash only  at the airport upon arrival . Forms are available at the airport . To apply in advance : If you 're mailing your paperwork , allow at least seven days -- and up to 16 days from May through August . It 's possible to get a visa within a day if you apply in person and pay a $ 10 rush fee at the consulates in New York and L.A. or the embassy in D.C.  kenyaembassy.com  . Cashier 's checks and money orders only . If you want help : Expediters charge from $ 39 for seven-day processing , and $ 55 or so for four-day service . Russia  $ Beyond the $ 100 fee , tourist visas require proof of a Russia-based sponsor  often a tour operator  . Expect to pay $ 45 - $ 55 for assistance if your trip is booked through the operator , and more if you arranged your trip some other way . Alternately , Travel Document Systems charges $ 45 for 10-day processing . If you need a visa sooner , the fees go up , and the consulate tacks on charges : $ 50 for three - to five-day processing , $ 100 for next-day service , or $ 200 if you require same-day turnaround . To save money : You still need to show that you have a sponsor -- a hotel in Russia will do . Your hotel should have the standard tourist confirmation document that you need to submit with your applications . You 'll need a confirmation document for each place you stay . Apply in person or by mail through a consulate , and be sure to include a prepaid return envelope ; payment must be through cashier 's check or money order  russianembassy.org  . You should allow 6 to 10 business days for processing . Turkey  DIY Pay $ 20 at the Istanbul airport visa booth before going to immigration . To apply in advance : Visas processed by mail cost $ 9 more and can take three weeks  turkishembassy.org  . Consulates accept money orders and cashier 's checks by mail and cash in person . You used to be able to apply online for $ 29 , but the service is down and no one knows when it 'll be operating again . If you want help : PassportVisasExpress.com charges $ 39 for two-day service . Vietnam  DIY The prices and policies vary by consulate , and you need not apply via your regional office  vietnamembassy-usa . org  . The San Francisco consulate charges $ 45 for three-day processing and $ 65 for next-day service . Others ask more -- four-day service from New York , for example , is $ 105 . For D.C. , include a prepaid U.S.P.S. Express Mail envelope . If you want help : PassportVisasExpress.com charges $ 89 for four-day service ; Travel Document Systems charges $ 45  7 to 10 days  . There 's also the somewhat complicated option of asking a travel agent or tour operator to get an approval letter from the immigration department in Hanoi . Through Sinhcafe Travel , for example , you pay $ 30 , get your letter in a week or so , and then bring the letter and $ 25 more to the airport . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Visas for Brazil cost $ 100 , and it 's worth it to hire a specialist In Turkey , pay $ 20 at the Istanbul airport visa booth Russian tourist visas require proof of a Russia-based sponsor
CNN  -- Italian champions AC Milan climbed to the top of Serie A for the first time this season on Friday with a 2-0 win over 10-man Genoa that was delayed for 10 minutes due to supporters fighting outside the stadium . The game was only 15 minutes old when tear gas started flowing into Genoa 's Stadio Luigi Ferraris as police tried to control clashes between the clubs ' supporters . The mid-table home side held out for almost an hour against a Milan team unbeaten in seven previous games -- six of them victories -- but the match turned when Kakha Kaladze was sent off against his former club . The Georgia international defender was booked for the second time after bringing down Zlatan Ibrahimovic , and the Sweden striker netted the resulting penalty for his eighth goal in 10 league games . "  In the first half we had three chances that we could have scored from and that would have opened up the game , " Ibrahimovic told reporters . "  We 're playing well , we 've got a lot of confidence , also away from home . We 're getting a lot of possession and scoring goals . Brazil forward Robinho was guilty of a shocking miss but Antonio Nocerino eventually doubled the lead with 10 minutes to play , scoring his fifth goal this season after being set up by fellow midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng . The victory put Massimiliano Allegri a point above Juventus -- who host second-bottom Cesena on Sunday -- with eight wins and three draws from 13 matches . Third-placed Udinese could join Milan on 27 points with victory away to the Rossoneri 's city rivals Internazionale on Saturday . Meanwhile , Bayer Leverkusen moved up to sixth place in Germany 's Bundesliga with a 2-0 win at home to Hoffenheim on Friday . In-form Swiss striker Eren Derdiyok headed his sixth goal this season in the 10th minute , while Sidney Sam lobbed goalkeeper Tom Starke with 11 minutes to play to keep Leverkusen unbeaten in five matches in all competitions -- and 10th-placed Hoffenheim winless in as many matches . Leverkusen now trail Borussia Dortmund and Monchengladbach by four points ahead of the league leaders ' clash on Saturday . If that match ends in a draw , third-placed Bayern Munich can return to the top with a draw or better at home to Werder Bremen .	AC Milan beat 10-man Genoa 2-0 to go one point clear in Serie A table Match was delayed by tear gas fired by police trying to stop fans fighting Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened scoring with penalty after Kakha Kaladze was sent off Bayer Leverkusen move up to sixth place in Germany with 2-0 win over Hoffenheim
CNN  -- Protesters are flooding the streets of New York and elsewhere -- chanting , blocking traffic and demanding change after the decision not to indict in the chokehold death of Eric Garner . Demonstrators staged a "  die-in " in Brooklyn , New York , late Thursday . They lay in the middle of Atlantic Avenue . An eerie silence descended as the protesters , who had cardboard coffins , stopped chanting . The march was being led by three mothers , all of whom had lost a son to police . Protesters stopped other marchers from getting ahead of the women . They wanted them to walk in front . "  I 'm so happy that people of all cultures , all ethnicities , came out to show their love and support , and basically we have to make a change because they 're killing us off , " a protester told CNN . A part of the Brooklyn Bridge was closed . Protesters marched up Broadway , and police used pepper spray on the West Side Highway near Houston Street . The vast majority of the demonstrations were peaceful . "  What do we want ? Justice ! When do we want it ? Now ! " protesters shouted in New York 's Foley Square . They chanted Garner 's final words : "  I ca n't breathe ! " Garner , a black man , died in July after a white officer put him in a chokehold on Staten Island . The case cracked open a wider discussion around policing practices in communities of color . "  I 'm out here because the system has failed us too many times , " Courtney Wicker , a protester , told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  It makes me feel like there 's no justice . " Demonstrations also erupted in Boston , Washington , D.C. and Chicago , where they shut down one of the major roads downtown . Robert Spriggs , 22 , a young protester in Washington , told CNN : It feels like we 're moving backwards , so if we have to march like it 's the '60s , we will . Earlier in Pittsburgh , protesters marched and lay down in the middle of a street . "  It 's happening in every city , every town . It 's happening here in Pittsburgh , " Julia Johnson told CNN affiliate WPXI . "  Police are racially profiling people . They are harassing people , " she said . "  There is just no accountability and no justice for the victims . " The demonstrations raise the question : If the way we police in America is wrong , as many suggest , then what 's right ? That 's the problem police and communities now face in the wake of three high-profile investigations that , collectively , have sparked a national conversation around changing the status quo . In Ferguson , Missouri , violence and chaos erupted after a different grand jury elected not to indict a white officer for killing a black teenager . A nearly two-year investigation by the Justice Department revealed a pattern of excessive force by police in Cleveland . And in New York , officials are still in the midst of grappling with what to do in the wake of Garner 's death . His encounter with Officer Daniel Pantaleo was captured on video . Another video shows the dying man lying on the street for more than six minutes as officers calmly wait for an ambulance , showing no sign of urgency . "  Fundamental questions are being asked , and rightfully so , about how we respect peoples ' rights -- how we reduce the use of force in the relationship between police and community , in each encounter between police and community -- how we get it right , " New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said . The mayor said : "  This tragedy is raising a lot of tough questions . There 's tremendous resolve here in this city to answer those questions , to get it right . " Feds launch civil right investigation Pantaleo may not stand trial in Garner 's death , but he 's not off the hook . Attorney General Eric Holder said that the U.S. Justice Department will conduct an "  exhaustive and fair " civil rights probe into the incident . The New York Police Department is taking a fresh look at the case as well , escalating its internal investigation of Garner 's death by interviewing more officers . Even if it 's not illegal , the city 's police department patrol guide states its officers "  will not use chokeholds , " which it defines as any action pressuring the throat or windpipe . "  Whenever it becomes necessary to take a violent or resisting subject into custody , responding officers should utilize appropriate tactics in a coordinated effort to overcome resistance , " the patrol guide says . Once this investigation is finished , it 's possible that a negotiated settlement will be reached or that there will be a department trial . "  If there 's a finding of guilt , a decision will be made as to an appropriate penalty or discipline for that , " said police Commissioner William Bratton , who would decide on the punishment . Garner 's family angry , calls for justice So who was Eric Garner ? Before his death at the age of 43 , he was a father of six , as well as a grandfather . He was also someone with a history of run-ins with the law , including 30 arrests . When police confronted him in July , they suspected that he was illegally selling untaxed cigarettes -- something for which he had previously been arrested . But his family , and its supporters , ca n't understand how anyone could think officers ' actions that day were justified . Garner 's mother , Gwen Carr , wondered how the grand jury -- which was of mixed race and heard from dozens of police and civilian witnesses between September 29 and December 3 -- could decide there was n't "  probable cause " for an indictment after seeing the widely distributed video . And his widow , Esaw Garner , was angry that "  somebody that gets paid to do right did wrong " and was not held accountable for it . "  But my husband 's death will not be in vain . As long as I have a breath in my body I will fight the fight 'til the end , " she added . Battalions of police watching the protesters wore no riot gear Wednesday night in New York and refrained from the show of armored vehicles and assault rifles that appeared in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson . Officers -- on the lookout for people trying to block traffic for long periods of time -- ended up arresting 83 people . Bratton pointed out there was no violence , no vandalism , no looting . This was no accident . Garner 's family wanted it that way , with father Ben Carr telling a crowd outside the store where his son gasped in the chokehold , "  We ai n't tearing up nothing . We ai n't burning up nothing ... The police is our problem . No violence . That is all I ask . " Police union says officer just tried to tackle Garner Pantaleo offered his condolences to Garner 's family in a statement . "  I became a police officer to help people and to protect those who ca n't protect themselves , " he said . "  It is never my intention to harm anyone and I feel very bad about the death of Mr. Garner . " In addition to the internal investigation , Pantaleo has been the subject of two other lawsuits . In both , the plaintiffs allege false arrest , unlawful imprisonment , civil rights violations and other charges . One suit from 2013 was dismissed in January 2014 , while the second , from February 2014 , remains open . Speaking specifically about the Garner case , Bratton said he understood people 's anger over the scenes on the video , but that he also trusted the legal process and the grand jury 's judgment in spite of the images . "  As much as we think video is the final determinant , it is not , " he said . The grand jury saw much more evidence and argument than the public or he have seen , he said . A judge ruled Thursday against releasing some of the testimony and evidence presented to jurors , one day after the Staten Island district attorney filed a motion asking for such a release , given the public interest in the case . Certain facts about the jury , however , were released . It sat for nine weeks and heard from a 50 witnesses , including civilians , officers and medical personnel . Sixty exhibits were admitted into evidence , including four videos . Pantaleo 's police union defended his tackle , with Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch saying "  it is clear that the officer 's intention was to do nothing more than take Mr. Garner into custody as instructed and that he used the takedown technique that he learned in the academy when Mr. Garner refused . " "  No police officer starts a shift intending to take another human being 's life , " Lynch said . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Athena Jones , Brooke Baldwin , Kyung Lah , Sarah Aarthun , Catherine E. Shoichet , Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley , Shimon Prokupecz and Daniel Verello contributed to this report .	Demonstrators block a major road in Chicago , stage a "  die-in " in Brooklyn "  I 'm out here because the system has failed us too many times , " a protesters says Demonstrators march in Pittsburgh , Boston , Chicago , Washington , D.C. and New York A jury opted not to indict a N.Y. police officer who had put Eric Garner in a chokehold
CNN  -- Most people probably recognize Kate Micucci from her current role on Fox 's "  Raising Hope " or from her stint on NBC 's "  Scrubs " as Stephanie Gooch , a musician who performed for patients . But what made that first "  Scrubs " character special was that Gooch was specifically written for Micucci and her rather unusual talent : playing the ukulele . "  I auditioned for ` Scrubs ' and they saw the  YouTube ukulele  videos and thought , well why do n't we write this girl a part , " she says . "  So they made me a ukulele player . " One video in particular that truly helped spawn Micucci 's acting career was her song "  Dear Deer . " It starts : Dear deer : I am writing you a letter In the hopes that you 'll know better Not to go in the woods in Pennsylvania 'Cause my dad 's in a tree waiting to kill ya Just be warned Micucci recalls how the videos began : "  This great director , Raul Fernandez , saw me singing at a little art gallery and he was like , ` Hey , I 'd love to make a video for you . ' I said OK . " Acting aside , true fans probably now love her best as being one half of the comedy singing duo Garfunkel & Oates . The other half is her good friend and fellow actress Riki Lindhome . For those of you who are wondering , Riki is "  Garfunkel , " thus making Kate "  Oates . " Micucci and Lindhome 's music act also harnessed the power of YouTube , and they eventually reached a certain level of stardom with their politically motivated tune "  Sex With Ducks , " in which they rejoice in the exciting possibilities from the slippery slope of legalizing gay marriage : Pat Robertson once said , It 's a long downward slide That 'll lead to legalizing sex with ducks If two men can stand side by side God , I hope he 's right 'Cause if gay marriage becomes lawful Gon na find myself a duck And legally do Something awful No ducks were available for comment . In February , Garfunkel & Oates released their debut album "  All Over Your Face , " and the two continue to perform regularly . When Kate met with CNN in Chicago , she did n't have her ukulele . However , CNN presented her with a used $ 60 ukulele purchased earlier from a little shop down the street . After careful inspection , Kate said , "  It sounds great ! ... Good purchase ! " And then she performed a funny song about napping with a stranger .	Comedian Kate Micucci plays the ukulele , which helped her get a part on "  Scrubs " Micucci is part of a comedy band called Garfunkel & Oates Their political song , "  Sex with Ducks , " is about gay marriage
CNN  -- The Republican National Convention will make history Wednesday night . Ishwar Singh , wearing a turban and beard , will take the stage and lead thousands of conservatives in prayer . For the first time in U.S. history , a Sikh American will give the invocation at a Republican National Convention . The inclusion of a Sikh prayer on the stage comes just a few weeks after a gunman opened fire on Sikhs praying in Oak Creek , Wisconsin , killing six and hospitalizing three more in what could be the largest racially motivated mass shooting in recent U.S. history . Many praise the invocation as a mark of progress in the Sikh community 's 100 years in America . Visuals matter . And in a racially charged political climate , a turbaned and bearded man will be presented to the country by Republicans as a fellow American . This is a remarkable step forward . But speech also matters . If Mitt Romney and Republican leaders want the historic Sikh invocation to be more than tokenism -- and are serious about preventing another Oak Creek -- they can not continue to let hateful speech within their own party go unchecked . In a time when hate groups are on the rise , the Republican Party must accept responsibility for fostering a political climate that often casts people of color as foreign and inherently suspect . GOP leaders have not only stood silent while fellow Republicans fan the flames of anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim bias , they have given them the megaphone . Singh will speak on the same stage as Sheriff Joe Arpaio , infamous for shaming and rounding up undocumented immigrants , saying that it 's an honor to be compared to the KKK . Newt Gingrich , who is presiding over "  Newt University " at the RNC , has compared Muslims to Nazis . Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach , also speaking at the convention , helped write a platform plank that includes supporting a ban on foreign law , which he admits targets the religious principles of Muslim Americans . The plank , which copies anti-Sharia bills pushed by extreme conservative groups , is roundly condemned as a smoke-screen for anti-Muslim bigotry . Romney has not spoken out against it . Ishwar Singh : My Sikh prayer for the Republican National Convention Similarly , when U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , and four other members of Congress recently demanded the government investigate American Muslim government employees and organizations for "  infiltrating " and sabotaging the government , Romney and prominent Republican leaders remained silent . What 's worse , Romney , who could be our president , has played into the xenophobia himself , making statements that imply President Barack Obama 's skin color renders him foreign or suspect . On Friday at a campaign stop , Romney said , "  No one has ever asked to see my birth certificate . They know that this is the place that we were born and raised . " At a campaign stop in Pennsylvania , he said that Obama was trying to "  change the nature of America " and that "  his course is extraordinarily foreign . " In 2001 , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks , hate crimes against Muslims and those perceived to be Muslim shot up by 1,600 % . To President George W. Bush 's credit , he publicly repeated that Muslims were not our enemies . While prejudice and profiling became part of life for Muslims and Sikhs , violent hate crimes fell by two-thirds in 2002 and stayed low -- until two years ago . In 2010 , anti-Muslim hate crimes jumped 50 % . Nothing new happened to explain the increase , except this : fringe conservative groups pumped $ 42.6 million into think tanks to promote anti-Islam ideologies and successfully manufactured a controversy around Park 51 , the so-called "  ground zero mosque . " At the same time , politicians such as Bachmann , U.S. Rep. Peter King of New York and Newt Gingrich pushed anti-Muslim agendas by supporting anti-Sharia legislation . Words matter . Public voices have a responsibility for generating a climate of xenophobia , fear and hate . The Oak Creek gunman , Wade Michael Page , was a product of white supremacist hate groups , which have been on the rise in recent years . Online hate groups have increased by 30 % in the past year alone . For gunmen like Page , it seems to matter little whether their targets are Muslim or Sikh -- they harbor hate for anyone who does not look like them . To be sure , we should give the Republican Party some credit . In a time when many Sikhs have expressed disappointment that Obama has not yet come to visit the victims in Oak Creek , most are grateful for the opportunity for a Sikh prayer to be delivered on a national platform . But if that same party permits its politicians to spew hateful speech unchecked , then the gesture simply masks deeper trouble at the core of the Republican Party . It was n't always this way . My Sikh American father was a Republican , proud to belong to the party of Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan . He raised my brother and me with lectures on the value of hard work , small government and independence . My own progressive politics in college made for colorful arguments at the Thanksgiving table . It was n't until the decade after 9/11 -- after witnessing firsthand how his party caved to fear-mongering , racial profiling and expansive federal power -- that he joined me in campaigning for candidate Obama . My father is one of millions of brown and black Americans alienated by a Republican Party that has forgotten its own values . Hearing that a Sikh will pray on the stage of the Republican National Convention warmed my father 's heart . But it did n't make him forget . If the Republican Party wants to appeal to people like my father again , it must remember its own soul . Romney and Republican leaders must check extremism in speech . They can start by meditating on the Sikh prayer to be offered by Singh : "  Nanak nam chardi kala , tere bhaanai sarbat da bhala . " Calling upon God in the spirit of eternal optimism , the prayer asks for blessings not upon one party , community or even one country , but for sarbat dha bhalla -- all of humanity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Valarie Kaur .	Valarie Kaur : GOP will make history when a Sikh leads thousands in prayer at RNC Kaur : If this is to be more than a gesture , GOP must speak out against hate Most Sikhs are pleased that a Sikh prayer will be delivered on a national platform , she says Kaur 's Sikh father was with GOP but switched after he saw discrimination in party
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Prosecutors officially filed terrorism charges against radical cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on Wednesday , charges that make him eligible for a death sentence . The charges include funding and inciting others to terrorism and planning and attempting acts of terrorism . Under the country 's anti-terrorism law , some of these charges carry the maximum penalty of death , according to a statement by the Attorney General 's Office . Bashir was first detained in August for his suspected links to a militant training camp raided by authorities in the province of Aceh in early 2010 . Police say Bashir and his relatively new organization , the Jamaat Tawhid Anshoru or JAT , was involved in setting up the camp . The militants were preparing to launch attacks similar to the one in Mumbai 2008 , and assassination attempts on Indonesian government officials , authorities have said . Under the law , Bashir 's detention was set to expire on February 10 . One of Bashir 's lawyers , Adnan Wirawan , said the trial may start in about two to three weeks . He stressed that "  all the charges are very weak . This is again something that law enforcers fabricated , " Wirawan said . In the past , authorities have tried but failed to directly link Bashir to some of the major terror attacks in Indonesia . This would be his third trial . In the first two trials , prosecutors tried to directly link the elderly cleric to the 2002 bombings in Bali and the 2003 JW Marriott bomb attack in Jakarta . The courts found him guilty of relatively minor charges . He was released in June 2006 , after serving 25 months in jail . Bashir is known for his fiery rhetoric . He was accused of being the spiritual leader of Indonesia 's homegrown terror network , Jemaah Islamiyah , who inspired many of those involved in the bombings . Bashir has always denied all the allegations and often blamed a U.S.-led conspiracy to put him behind bars .	Bashir is suspected of helping build a terror cell and military camp His lawyer says the charges are "  fabricated " Bashir was first detained in August
EW.com  -- The "  CSI " team is going to the Big Apple . CBS is planning "  CSI " and "  CSI : NY " cross-over episodes for February sweeps . Across two hours , Detective Mac Taylor  Gary Sinise  will visit the "  CSI " team in Las Vegas , while D.B. Russell  Ted Danson  will head to New York City . EW Daily Poll : ` DWTS ' : Do you like the crazy dance styles ? "  CSI " will kick things off on Wednesday , Feb. 6 , with Taylor arriving in Las Vegas to surprise his girlfriend but learns she is missing . With her hotel room now a crime scene , he joins forces with Russell and his Vegas team in an effort to find her . The action continues on Friday , Feb. 8 on "  CSI : NY , " where , according to the network , "  the search for Mac 's girlfriend continues as Russell heads to New York to help Taylor , but even after apprehending one of the men responsible for Christine 's kidnapping , they still need to determine the motive and whether she is still alive . The case gets personal for Taylor as he wrestles with breaking police protocol in an effort to find the kidnappers . " The strategy is the latest in a series of CBS crossovers , such as last season 's "  NCIS : LA " crossover with "  Hawaii Five-0 . " Previously CSI had a crossover where then-star Laurence Fishburne appeared on all three of the franchise 's shows . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	CBS is planning "  CSI " and "  CSI : NY " cross-over episodes for February sweeps "  CSI " will kick things off on Wednesday , Feb. 6 The strategy is the latest in a series of CBS crossovers
CNN  -- Scientists examining the 7,000-year-old remains of a hunter-gatherer found in Spain have discovered that African versions of pigmentation genes determined his skin color , but that he had blue eyes now associated with northern Europeans . Baptized "  La Brana 1 " by scientists -- after the La Brana-Arintero site where his remains were found -- the man lived during the Mesolithic period , which lasted from 10,000 to 5,000 years ago . The Mesolithic hunter-gather period was followed by the Neolithic period and the advent of farming . As a result , La Brana 1 's diet differed from Neolithic man , and researchers said he had been lactose intolerant . "  The biggest surprise was to discover that this individual possessed African versions in the genes that determine the light pigmentation of the current Europeans , which indicates that he had dark skin , although we can not know the exact shade , " researcher Carles Lalueza-Fox from the Spanish National Research Council  CSIC  said . "  Even more surprising was to find that he possessed the genetic variations that produce blue eyes in current Europeans , resulting in a unique phenotype in a genome that is otherwise clearly northern European . " A genome is the full map of an individual 's DNA . La Brana 1 's closest modern descendants , in genetic terms , live in northern Europe in places like Sweden and Finland . The research -- carried out by the CSIC in partnership with Denmark 's Centre for GeoGenetics -- has been published in the scientific journal "  Nature . " Manuel Vidal Encinas , archaeologist of the Council of Castilla y Leon , found and excavated the La Brana-Arintero site , near Leon , in 2006 . Scientists said the cave is located in a cold mountainous area with a steady temperature -- conditions that contributed to the "  exceptional " preservation of the DNA of La Brana 1 and the remains of another individual found there . Researchers say they will now try to recover the genome of the second set of remains , which were not as well preserved .	Remains of two people from Mesolithic period were found in Spain in 2006 Scientists analyze one of their genomes , found he had blue eyes and dark skin La Brana 1 's closest modern descendants , in genetic terms , live in northern Europe Scientists plan to analyze second individual 's remains , which less well preserved
CNN  -- The crew of the International Space Station marked the 10th anniversary of continuous human occupation of the orbiting science laboratory with a typical workday , pausing only briefly for a chat with NASA chief Charles Bolden and questions from international reporters . "  It 's kind of mind-boggling when you stop and think about what you 've done , " Bolden told the crew . Bolden is a former NASA astronaut who flew on four space shuttle missions prior to the station 's 2000 opening . The football-field sized platform passed the 10-year mark early Tuesday , some 57,361 orbits of Earth after the first crew came aboard , according to NASA . On October 25 , the station eclipsed the previous record for constant human living in space , passing the Russian space station Mir . Since the first module , the Russian-built Zarya , launched on November 20 , 1998 , 103 vehicles have traveled to the station , bringing 196 people to visit or live long-term and conduct science experiments and other work , according to NASA . The station has traveled more than 1.5 billion miles -- the equivalent of eight round trips to the Sun . Human habitation of the station began in 2000 . Bolden said the international flavor of the station 's construction , supply system and staffing do more to prove that humans can get along than many earthbound diplomats , Bolden told the astronauts . "  You 're part of an amazing legacy there on the station , " he said . People need look no further than the anniversary to recognize the station 's most remarkable accomplishment , said astronaut Shannon Walker . "  Ten years of constant habitation in space is an amazing achievement in and of itself , " she said . But the station has also produced advances in science , medicine and environmental technology that are helping change life on Earth , according to NASA . The agency says more than 600 science experiments have been conducted aboard the station , with results helping produce new strategies to deliver cancer drugs , advances in vaccine development and a possible treatment for a form of muscular dystrophy , among other things . The commemoration of the anniversary was clouded by the station 's uncertain future . While the 15 nations involved in the space station program have agreed in principal to continue operating it for another decade , the United States is scheduled to retire its space shuttle fleet after two more flights -- cutting off a main supply route to get materials to the station . While Russian spacecraft and commercial providers are expected to take up some of the slack and help keep the station operating for another 10 years , station crew members acknowledged that the shuttle 's retirement will make the station 's mission more challenging . "  I think it 's not a real problem to supply the station with consumables and some other items , but I think it 's a real problem to deliver the results , " Russian cosmonaut Alexander Kaleri said during a news conference with reporters . "  Now we can deliver only digital data , but sometimes it 's necessary to bring back some physical items . "	Monday was the 10th anniversary of a constant human presence aboard the station It 's now the longest continuously lived-in space vehicle in history The station 's future is uncertain as the U.S. prepares to end its shuttle program
A Pennsylvania judge is expected to rule Tuesday whether or not to uphold a new state law requiring every voter to present a photo ID at the polls . Supporters argue that the law signed in March by Republican Gov. Tom Corbett will prevent voter fraud and is upheld by the constitution . But opponents counter that the new law will disenfranchise voters , and any implementation should be postponed until after the November 6 presidential election . The state Supreme Court has given Commonwealth Court Judge Robert Simpson , Jr. , until Tuesday -- five weeks before the election -- to decide on the matter . Here 's a overview of what 's at stake : What exactly is the lower court judge ruling on ? Judge Simpson is not ruling on whether the law is constitutional -- that 's up to the state supreme court . He has been tasked by the state 's high court to determine whether people across the state have equal access to photo IDs in time for the November 6 election . If he finds that they do not , the court is obligated to enter a preliminary injunction -- in other words , temporarily halt the law -- until after the upcoming presidential election to prevent voter disenfranchisement . Whatever he decides , it 's highly likely that the other side will once again appeal his ruling . So , if the law is upheld , what will change for Pennsylvania 's voters in November ? Prior to this law , first-time voters in Pennsylvania were allowed to present documents such as bank statements and utility bills in lieu of photo identification . If the law is upheld , all voters will have to present a valid photo ID -- one that is sanctioned by the state -- before they cast their ballots . One thing that wo n't change : Pennsylvania voters must be registered by October 9 to cast a ballot in the November 6 general election . What kind of IDs are allowed under the law ? And just how hard is it to get one ? Under the law , voters need to present one of the following at their precinct : * A Pennsylvania driver 's license * A state ID issued by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation  PennDOT * A U.S. passport * An active duty or retired U.S. military ID * A military dependent 's ID * A state employee ID issued by the federal , state , county or municipal government * A school ID issued by an accredited Pennsylvania university , college , seminary , community college or two-year college to students , faculty , employees and alumni . * An ID issued by a Pennsylvania care facility To get a photo ID , residents must have a valid Social Security card ; an official birth certificate or U.S. citizenship documents ; and two proofs of residency , such as a utility bill or tax records .  The state has more details for residents on its website  . Is this just partisan politics at play ? Pennsylvania is a likely swing state in the upcoming presidential elections , and that means any attempt to change the voting mechanisms this close to the election is bound to trigger accusations of partisan politics . Gov. Corbett said the law "  sets a simple and clear standard to protect the integrity of our elections . " While the law protects only against voter impersonation -- and lawyers on both sides admit there are no known cases of in-person fraud -- it still has a broader impact , according to conservative columnist John Fund . "  If someone walks in and votes in the name of the dead person  and  they do n't have to show ID , how likely is that dead person to complain ? We 'll never know . And unless they confess , the crime is perfect , " Fund said . But critics say it 's just an attempt by Republicans -- who overwhelmingly support the measure -- to gain an upper hand in a close election . "  Given that the vast majority of people who are impacted by this law are poor , are uneducated , or of color , or live in cities , i.e. Philadelphia and Pittsburgh ,  and  are likely to vote Democratic , this law could have an impact on the presidential election , " said Vic Walczak , legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania . That position was bolstered when the state 's House GOP leader Mike Turzai told a group of fellow Republicans in June that the measure would "  allow Governor Romney to win the State of Pennsylvania . " Turzai 's office has since said the legislator was commenting on the issue of voter fraud . Why is this issue still being debated so close to the presidential election ? The issue actually started eight months before the elections when Corbett signed the law in March . After that , civil rights organizations and attorneys filed a lawsuit in May to overturn the law . That eventually made its way to the state Supreme Court which sent the dispute back down to Simpson in Commonwealth Court , who upheld the law in August . Sisters navigate new voter ID law Last month , the state Supreme Court agreed to hear an appeal of Simpson 's decision , then sent the case back to Simpson for additional review , with a court-imposed deadline of October 2 for a final ruling .	A Pennsylvania judge has until Tuesday to rule on state 's voter ID law The judge will determine whether or not the law disenfranchises voters The law requires all voters to bring state-issued photo ID to the polls each time they vote Supporters say the law prevents fraud ; detractors say the law disenfranchises voters
CNN  -- Hundreds of civilians died during weekend fighting between Sri Lankan government forces and Tamil rebel fighters , the United Nations reported Monday . A photo supplied by a humanitarian group on Sunday shows civilians allegedly injured in government shelling . "  Verification is , of course , the part of the problem , because humanitarian agencies are denied access to the region , " U.N. spokesman Gordon Weiss said from the capital , Colombo . "  Our understanding is that very heavy fighting took place over the weekend , and there were many hundreds of civilian deaths and many , many more beyond that injured . " The numbers provided by the United Nations pale in comparison with rebel claims . More than 3,200 civilians died from Sunday evening till Monday morning , said Lawrence Christy , the head of Tamils Rehabilitation Organization , according to the rebel Web site TamilNet . The "  Sri Lanka Army  SLA  has stepped up relentless barrage of shelling using all sorts of heavy weapons on the so-called safety-zone  no-fire zone  ... areas where more than 130,000 civilians have sought refuge , " TamilNet said . The Sri Lankan government denied the allegations and accused the Tamils of "  taking the whole world for a ride with its well-engineered propaganda ploys , " while turning their weapons on civilians trying to flee the combat zone . Accounts vary widely about how many have been trapped . As recently as last week , a military spokesman put the number at 10,000 to 15,000 civilians . CNN could not independently verify the accounts , because the government does not allow the news media independent access to areas where it is fighting the rebels . Government troops have closed in on rebel forces in a shrinking section of the country 's north , and civilians have been caught in crossfire . More than 196,000 people have fled the battle zone , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Tamil Tigers rebels have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the Tigers have been declared a terrorist organization by the European Union and more than 30 countries , including the United States .	U.N. : Many hundreds of civilian deaths Tamil Tiger rebels fighting for independent state in Sri Lanka northeast since 1983 Pro-Tamil group accuses government of using heavy weapons on civilian areas Sri Lankan government denies claims , accuses the Tamils of propaganda ploys
The revolution will not be televised but it will be tweeted , instant messaged or , in the case of Hong Kong , broadcast on mesh networks like FireChat . FireChat -- an ` off-the-grid ' smartphone app -- emerged this month as the technological glue holding Hong Kong 's pro-democracy protests together and a powerful weapon in the hands of mass movements , dissidents and protesters . The app works by creating its own network outside the internet , relying simply on the Bluetooth or Wi-Fi link that exist between one phone and another . Unlike mobile and internet networks which come under strain and break down the more users tax the system , the more people in a mesh network like FireChat , the better it works . "  We were pretty much forced to use it almost at the start of the protests because there were just so many people in the protest areas , it made the cell network so slow , " said Pamela Lam , an ` Occupy Central ' pro-democracy activist . "  FireChat does n't need data to work -- a lot of people were downloading it . " The company that developed the application , Open Garden , initially struggled to keep up with its new-found popularity , adding more capacity as news of the app spread from Hong Kong to rest of the world . Unexpected success For a start-up that only launched in March this year , the numbers were staggering . In the first two weeks of the protests , between September 27 and October 10 , the service registered 500,000 downloads in Hong Kong alone  61 % on Android and 39 % on iOS  , 10.2 million chat sessions and 1.6 million chatrooms . "  We were not expecting this and we were very surprised , " FireChat marketing chief Christophe Daligault told CNN . "  We saw this enormous surge in our service and realized something really big was happening . "  Now we 've seen spikes just about everywhere in the world and there may be two reasons for this . The first is that there are some people who use it to get the latest information about what 's happening in Hong Kong and the second are people who just want to see what the fuss is all about . " Chinese language users , in particular , have taken to the app , expressing support for the movement from as far away as Australia and the United States . With the buzz now dying down , Daligault said that the volume of downloads was tailing off but activity is trending up and the chat sessions have got shorter as people keep communications focused on important information . "  What that says to us is that quite a few people are sticking with it , " Daligault said . ` Giant megaphone ' Unlike other messaging applications , FireChat is not limited to a user 's circle . What goes up on FireChat is available for everybody to see . "  It 's like a giant megaphone , " he said . "  You could be in a place and shout I 'm in this precise location and we need water bottles right now and someone whom you do n't know can answer that message come with those bottles . "  That would be harder to do with Facebook or Whatsapp where you 're limited by the people you know as far as the reach of your communication is concerned . " The co-founder and CEO of Open Garden Micha Benoliel happened to be in Hong Kong on a layover when the protests started and extended his stay to get live feedback on the service . Authentic voices One thing that protesters complained about was that everyone could read the traffic , including opponents of the Occupy movement . Since then FireChat has added a verification component that stamps the messages as coming from a particular user or group . "  Apparently there was misinformation being spread on FireChat and people were putting up scare messages to try to convince people to go home , " Daligault said . While FireChat became the app of choice in Hong Kong 's -- and saw similar success in protests earlier this year in Taiwan -- Daligault said the app was never designed as a messaging tool for protesters . "  What we envisioned was a service that would provide communication for people in places where there was poor connectivity and a large population density . Cities such as New Delhi or Mexico City , " he said . More options FireChat is now only one of a number of apps -- Serval Mesh , Commotion and Storymaker - that are competing in the mesh-network services space . A Russian mesh-networking app called Telegram was used in South Korea in May after the government announced a crackdown in response to rumors that were spreading on the Korean homegrown messaging sevice Kakao Talk . As many as 35 million people reportedly used the service , which allows users to erase their messages or chats after a certain length of time . Private messaging is now one of the options that FireChat is developing in the wake of the gigantic beta test its service received in the Hong Kong protests . "  We are working on adding private messaging with encryption . But this will take months , not weeks , " said Daligault . "  This is much harder than for other communication apps as we need to make this work off the grid . " While FireChat was a useful device for relaying information and encouragement during the early mass protests in Hong Kong , it became less useful once Occupy moved into a game of cat and mouse with the police . "  The problem with FireChat is that everyone around you can get your message , including the police , " explained Hong Kong-based student Michelle Zheng . "  If you 're discussing your deployment through FireChat , the police know straight away where your weak links are . " Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Can this one-wheeled wonder change the way you commute to work ? The "  green man " in your traffic lights just got new super powers Finally , a flying car for everybody ?	A smartphone app called FireChat has emerged as the messaging tool of choice for Hong Kong protesters The ` off-the-grid ' app works by creating its own network outside the internet The company registered 500,000 downloads in Hong Kong alone within two weeks Other emerging services are exploiting the same ` mesh-network ' technology
CNN  -- A man who posted a video online showing deplorable conditions in his son 's barracks at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , said Tuesday that "  good things are happening " regarding repairs . A soldier battles overflowing sewage in the Fort Bragg barracks shortly after coming home from Afghanistan . "  I had been in those barracks three times in the last four years , " Edward Frawley told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  I saw the condition and chose to ignore it , but two weeks ago I could n't . ... I knew I could n't walk away from it . Somebody had to do something . " Frawley 's son , Sgt. Jeff Frawley , is living in the barracks after returning from a 15-month deployment to Afghanistan . Edward Frawley 's 10-minute video shows still photos from throughout the barracks , which include shots of mold and rust in several areas . The video is posted on the popular file-sharing site YouTube and Frawley 's business Web site . Paint , which Frawley says is lead-based , is chipping off . Ceiling tiles are missing . A broken drain pipe allows sewer gas into the building , while another one has tissues stuffed into it in an apparent effort to stop the gas from coming in . Photos from the communal bathroom show some of the most disturbing images . In one , a soldier stands in a sink to avoid what Frawley says is 3 inches of sewage that covered the floor when toilets overflowed . Watch the run-down conditions that soldiers have been living in " At times , "  sewage water backs up into the sinks in the lower floors of these barracks , " Frawley says in his narration . Also , "  The soldiers have to tell one another who 's taking a shower when they turn the sinks on , or the person taking the shower gets scalded with hot water , " he says Edward Frawley said Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen. Dick Cody called him on Monday to say that he shared his anger and that there was no excuse for soldiers living in such conditions . "  He talked to me for 30 minutes , and I believe what he said , " Frawley told "  American Morning . " "  He said he would n't want his sons coming back and going into these kinds of living conditions , and he just said somebody dropped the ball and they 're going to fix it . " Frawley said the Army had promised to have new barracks ready when his son 's unit , part of the 82nd Airborne Division , returned from Afghanistan . "  The conditions depicted in Mr. Frawley 's video are appalling and unacceptable , and we are addressing the concerns he expressed , " Maj. Tom Earnhardt , spokesman for the 82nd Airborne , said in a written statement . "  Our paratroopers are our most valuable resource , and our commitment is to their well-being . Our actions now must represent the best we can do for our soldiers . " He added , "  Fundamentally , we acknowledge these conditions are not adequate by today 's standards . The images in Mr. Frawley 's video are alarming , and our soldiers deserve the best conditions we can provide as an institution . " U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Dole of North Carolina is among government officials who have responded to the video . In a written statement , she called living conditions in the barracks "  unacceptable " and said the situation "  must be immediately corrected . " A group of congressional staffers toured Fort Bragg on Tuesday . Earnhardt told CNN the building had been mostly unused during the 15 months Sgt. Frawley and his unit were away . Fort Bragg has a massive construction project under way to create new housing , but it is behind schedule , Earnhardt said . Watch what the Army is building for soldiers " He told CNN on Tuesday that there were 40 work orders on the barracks before the video was made , and only seven of them were incomplete when the pictures were taken . Most repairs have since been made , Earnhardt said , and soldiers are housed in the barracks . Edward Frawley told CNN on Tuesday that the Army has "  done a lot in the last two weeks " to fix up the barracks . "  My son is in a tough situation because he wants to make the military his career , " he said . "  Gen. Cody and the colonels ... guaranteed me this would n't come back on him . He had nothing to do with it . " -LSB- Cody -RSB- agrees that the pictures are accurate . He does n't want his men living in conditions like that . ... Who wants their sons living in that ? " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rusty Dornin , Mike Mount and Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Father who posted video on YouTube says Army is responding Video shows moldy , rusty building with paint chipping ; broken drain pipe General called father to assure him of Army 's support
CNN  -- More than 5,000 people have been arrested and nearly $ 10 million seized in an operation targeting alleged illegal soccer gambling in Asia during the World Cup , Interpol reported Friday . The international police agency said it coordinated a month-long operation codenamed SOGA III , targeting activities linked to organized crime . Police raided "  800 illegal gambling dens in China , Malaysia , Singapore and Thailand . The agency said the dens handled more than $ 155 million worth of bets . "  The results we have seen are impressive , not only in the number of arrests and seizures made across the region in just one month , but in terms of the police cooperation which made this possible , " said Jean-Michel Louboutin , Interpol 's executive director of police services . "  As well as having clear connections to organized crime gangs , illegal soccer gambling is also linked with corruption , money laundering and prostitution , and Operation SOGA III will also have a significant long term impact on these serious offenses as well , " Louboutin said . The operation ran during the World Cup period from June 11 to July 11 . Cars , bank cards , computers and mobile phones were seized , and the information will be reviewed to see whether other people or entities are involved . "  The experience and expertise developed in each of these types of operations provides an even stronger base from which police can work , not only in targeting the organized crime networks behind illegal soccer gambling , but in combating all types of criminal activity which require a regional or international response , " Louboutin said . Interpol , based in Lyon , France , coordinated the operation with its office in Bangkok , Thailand . Interpol said it was the third of its kind . All totaled , the three separate operations resulted in 7,000 people arrested , $ 26 million seized and illegal gambling dens that handled more than $ 2 billion closed . Governments have released details of these latest busts in their respective countries over the month , such as Hong Kong in China . Hong Kong police , which dubbed its local operation "  Crowbeak , " said on Friday it arrested 235 people , seized $ 361 million in betting slips , and arrested males and females ranging in age from 16 to 79 years . Hong Kong police worked with their counterparts in Shenzhen and Guangdong to bust two "  significant cross-boundary " operations . "  Officers of the Police Technology Crime Division are currently examining the computers and server seized during the operations to investigate the identities of bookmakers , agents and punters , " police said . Punters are people placing bets . Police engaged in an anti-illegal bookmaking efforts and created an anti-illegal bookmaking webpage . "  Illegal bookmakers had used mobile phones and the Internet as platforms for receiving bets . With wider use of the internet and the increasing number of internet users , police believe that more criminals will take advantage of this platform to commit crimes and police will adopt appropriate measures in combating such crimes . " Hong Kong police have started financial probes in order to recover money and cut the incomes of "  criminal gangs . " "  Police also discovered that bookmakers and agents had continued to operate on a number of levels . Agents at lower levels , after receiving bets from punters , had referred bets to bookmakers at higher levels or even official betting companies , so as to reduce their risks or gain commission . Some bookmakers even used others ' bank accounts to receive bets and handle crime proceeds in order to cover up their own identities , " police said . Last month , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported that police in the northeastern city of Shenyang broke an illegal soccer gambling ring ahead of the World Cup .	More than 5,000 people were arrested in Asia Operations were in China , Malaysia , Singapore and Thailand The operation occurred during the World Cup period
CNN  -- Marissa Mayer 's announcement that Yahoo employees who work remotely must come in the office or quit has raised howls of criticism . Her supporters defend her decision by pointing out that many Yahoo workers who work at home never came in and hid from management , and that her decree is a wake-up call to get focused on teamwork and innovation so that the company can get up to speed . Mayer 's reasoning makes some sense . But mandating face time will not automatically lead to creativity and collaboration . The key is establishing a culture of innovation and aligning talent and performance . Telework should not have to axed in the process . A work-at-home mom defends Yahoo 's Mayer Yahoo happens to be a case of an out-of-control , work-at-home company . It 's telework gone horribly wrong . Telework , in itself , does not hurt productivity . But telework , when implemented poorly , can be a problem . Telework is just one out of many management tools designed to make a company more attractive for hardworking employees . Working from home does n't necessarily hurt productivity . If management takes the time to implement it effectively and link it to accountability , then telework benefits both the company and employees . It can build trust and promote healthy work-life balance among employees . However , management must have the courage to get rid of deadwood and fire telework abusers . Employees commit to an organization because they buy into company goals and feel valued , not because they are ordered to sit at their desks . Yahoo may have long-term trust and morale issues if it continues this policy . Abolishing telework is like canceling the prom because some immature people spiked the punch bowl . It is not going to get Yahoo out of its doldrums . It may result in exodus , as talents leave for employers who do not see work-life flexibility at war with job performance . Opinion : CEO is right : Yahoo workers must show up Mayer 's calling all remote workers into the office raises some unspoken prevailing cultural assumptions . Workers who have control over where , when and how they work are often perceived as less productive . Giving workers flexibility to integrate personal life with work is viewed as antithetical to boosting performance . Yet studies have shown that all workers value control over personal and work time . This is not just a mom 's child care issue or a dad 's elderly care issue . It is a people issue . From millennials to Gen Xers to boomers , men to women , returning veterans to disabled employees -- having flextime and telework can make a huge difference in people 's lives as they juggle work and life . Adapting to new ways of working is a competitive advantage in today 's working environment . Organizations should realize that not everyone works best in the same way . Some people can handle text messages from work , family , news and Facebook 24/7 . Others work better at 5 a.m. or late at night . And then there are people who desperately need time to focus and detach from work to get creative . Policy riles workers everywhere Productivity does not equal face time . What remote workers should do is set clear performance goals and regular times for meetings and calls with core teams . Telework can build loyalty since employees can better manage their family life -- something that everyone can appreciate . And sometimes , they end up working more hours that they do n't clock in . So when should a company draw a line on working remotely or in the office ? When management is no longer sure who works for them or how to coordinate a team , and employees always place their own interests over the company . Yahoo needs to ask employees how to improve productivity and creativity without having to sacrifice telework . Given that it 's harder than ever nowadays to separate the boundary between work from life , does Yahoo really think that requiring that employees to work in the office is the right solution ? Let 's hope Mayer 's decision is temporary . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ellen Ernst Kossek .	Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer told employees that they must work in the office or quit Ellen Ernst Kossek : Mandating face time will not automatically lead to creativity , productivity She says Yahoo happens to be a case of telework gone horribly wrong Kossek : If a company implements telework in the right way , everyone benefits
New York  CNN  -- The recently leaked memo from departing chief United Nations corruption investigator , Inga-Britt Ahlenius , to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will make it impossible for the White House to support the UN chief 's candidacy for a second four-year term next year . That is , unless the Obama administration itself was only joking when it promised to push for greater transparency and accountability at the United Nations . In a 50-page "  end-of-mission " report , the widely respected former auditor of Sweden -- who was originally brought in to help the UN fix the spectacular accountability gap exposed during the excruciatingly painful "  oil-for-food " scandal -- paints a detailed , well-documented tableau of Ban 's managerial incompetence . In a spectacular break from tradition , Ahlenius did what few senior diplomats ever dare to do : She spoke truth to power . In her report , Ahlenius documents Ban Ki-moon 's repeated efforts to undermine his own senior officials , including her own office of internal oversight , by stemming the flow of information , interfering in the appointment of staff , or worse , failing to appoint people to senior management positions altogether . Critical leadership posts were left vacant for as long as possible , thereby strengthening Ban 's power over the bureaucracy . The UN Secretariat , she concludes , is "  in a process of decay ... falling apart ... and drifting into irrelevance . " It may be that many member states do not actually want the UN to get in the way of their realpolitik . But when it comes to standing for the principles of its charter in difficult , often dangerous mission areas , the UN can not succeed unless its staff are led and supported by a better-managed Secretariat in New York . As it happens , even their very physical security did not appear to be a priority for the Ban Ki-moon administration . It failed to appoint another Under Secretary-General for Safety and Security for a full 11 months after accepting the resignation of David Veness , in June 2008 , following the deadly bombing of the UN 's Algeria headquarters . Ban 's failures to perform his duties as the UN 's chief administrative officer in a timely manner -- the Ahlenius report describes these failures as widespread -- have repercussions all the way down the line on staff security and morale . Instead of being empowered to do their job , the staff , including Ahlenius herself , end up feeling undermined by their boss . Unless Hillary Clinton and her UN ambassador , Susan Rice , are prepared to contradict Ahlenius ' assessment , they will have no choice but to withdraw America 's support for Ban 's re-election  his term expires at the end of 2011  . Unfortunately for Ban 's administration , few people were better placed than its own auditor to draw such conclusions . And she is not alone in her assessment . Ahlenius has managed the rather undiplomatic feat of saying out loud what a lot of UN officials , including some at the highest levels , have been murmuring for several years . While it is not altogether unheard of for former UN bureaucrats to blow their top after they leave office , it is without doubt the first time such a senior official has done so with as much competence , and credibility , as Ahlenius . As a former employee of the UN 's "  oil-for-food " operation -- the organization 's fraud-ridden $ 64 billion humanitarian operation that saw billions of dollars diverted from needy Iraqi civilians into the pockets of Saddam Hussein and an international clique of corrupt politicians -- I have learned to recognize the elements that go into making large-scale diplomatic fiascos . After I had contributed to blowing the whistle on that program in 2004 , some UN officials spent more time trying to discredit my testimony than to fix the cracks in the system that led to the debacle in the first place . Not so Ms. Ahlenius . In fact , she invited me to spend an afternoon conducting a "  lessons learned " discussion with her entire senior staff . Her approach was so markedly different from what I had experienced that I caught myself feeling hopeful , thereafter , about the chances of seeing real management reforms happen after all . Unfortunately , it would seem Ahlenius has become a whistleblower herself . If such a senior UN official ca n't seem to communicate her concerns to her boss and is forced into the very uncomfortable position of having to speak out with such force as she did in her latest report , it is difficult to conclude that all is well at the top echelons of the world body . If Ban Ki-moon were well advised , he would not seek a second term in office . If he were earnest about pushing for UN reform , he would free himself from the pressure the member states may try to exert upon his office , officially make public those parts of Ahlenius 's report that do not affect staff security , and dedicate himself to mending the cracks in the system identified by his departing auditor . Instead , Ban left it up to his chief of staff to issue a response which , both in form and substance , does a great job of confirming Ahlenius ' criticism . In a July 19 letter to Colum Lynch of the Washington Post , who broke the story , Vijay Nambiar says that his boss "  is also concerned " that critical senior managerial positions  now including that of Ahlenius  remain unfilled . The problem is , Ban 's job is not just to "  be concerned . " It is to actually make appointments -- or "  to put butts on seats , " as one U.S. official once put it to me off the record . In this instance , Ban ignored the best advice of a 15-member independent panel and refused to appoint John Appleton , the former Connecticut attorney , to head Ahlenius 's investigation division . In the wake of the oil-for-food meltdown , Appleton had led an unprecedented exercise in accountability  so successfully , in fact , that his office was shut down in 2008  . Perhaps Ban would prefer to appoint someone else who , like he , prefers to show "  concern " about the challenges facing the world organization than to take them on -- with deeds , not just words . For the UN 's own sake , let 's hope the leaders of the world 's democracies can do better than that when it comes to electing a new leader for the United Nations in 2011 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Soussan .	Michael Soussan : Leaked report shows Ban Ki-moon not managing UN staff effectively He says US , other democracies should push to replace Ban when his term is up The UN Secretariat is in danger of becoming irrelevant , the report says
CNN  -- Scientists say they "  serendipitously " discovered that a drug used to treat a type of cancer quickly reversed Alzheimer 's disease in mice . "  It 's really exciting , " said Maria Carrillo , senior director for medical and scientific relations for the Alzheimer 's Association . "  They saw very positive and robust behavior effects in the mice . " In the study , researchers at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine gave mice mega-doses of bexarotene , a drug used to treat a type of skin cancer called cutaneous T-cell lymphoma . Within 72 hours , the mice showed dramatic improvements in memory and more than 50 % of amyloid plaque -- a hallmark of Alzheimer 's disease -- had been removed from the brain . The study was published Thursday in the journal Science . Gary Landreth , the lead researcher at Case Western , cautioned that even though his results were impressive in mice , it may turn out not to work in people . "  I want to say as loudly and clearly as possible that this was a study in mice , not in humans , " he said . "  We 've fixed Alzheimer 's in mice lots of times , so we need to move forward expeditiously but cautiously . " Mice -- and humans -- with Alzheimer 's have high levels of a substance called amyloid beta in their brain . Pathology tests on the mice showed bexarotene lowered the levels of amyloid beta and raised the levels of apolipoprotein E , which helps keep amyloid beta levels low . Landreth said he hopes to try the drug out in healthy humans within two months , to see if it has the same effect . Those participating in the trial would be given the standard dose that cancer patients are usually given . Researchers tested the memories of mice with Alzheimer 's both before and after giving them bexarotene . For example , the Alzheimer 's mice walked right into a cage where they 'd previously been given a painful electrical shock , but after treatment with bexarotene , the mice remembered the shock and refused to enter the cage . In another test , the scientists put tissue paper in a cage . Normal mice instinctively use tissues in their cage to make a nest , but mice with Alzheimer 's ca n't figure out what to do with the tissues . After treatment with the drug , the Alzheimer 's mice made a nest with the paper . Carrillo said one of the major advantages of bexarotene is that it 's already been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in humans , which means the researchers can move into human trials sooner than if it were a completely new drug . The Alzheimer 's Association is funding Case Western 's next phase of research , which will involve using bexarotene at the levels used on cancer patients , Landreth said . Since the drug does have some side effects -- it can increase cholesterol , for example -- he hopes to use it in even lower levels as the study goes on . Landreth said his lab had been working on other drugs for Alzheimer 's for 10 years when a graduate student , Paige Cramer , decided to try bexarotene , which works on a receptor involved in amyloid beta clearance . Some other drugs that worked in mice were too toxic to use in humans . "  We 're really lucky that bexarotene is a great drug with an acceptable safety profile , " he said . "  This does n't happen very many times in life ' " CNN 's William Hudson contributed to this report .	"  They saw very positive and robust ... effects in the mice , " an Alzheimer 's official says Researchers found improvements in mice 's memories after they got the drug The lead researcher cautions that not all good results in mice are seen in humans
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Baby formula , pigs , soybeans , oil and iron ore -- a seemingly disparate grouping -- have one thing in common . These commodities are all in high demand from an insatiable and growing China . Personal choice drives some of this demand . Chinese national interest fuels demand for others . For example , since 2008 , when hundreds of thousands of babies fell ill from tainted milk formula , Chinese mainlanders began to travel the world looking for milk powder sources perceived as more trustworthy . A growing middle class , with the money to travel , are China 's new global consumers looking for quality beyond borders . At the same time , because of China 's lack of certain key resources needed to feed its people and fuel its economy -- the second largest in the world -- Beijing has moved to secure oil , iron ore and crops halfway around the world . Regardless , whether by choice or by force , China and its citizens are looking to new markets and buying what they need . It is a sign of things to come , say analysts . Soybeans : Stuff of oil , tofu and animal feed "  On a per capita basis , China has half the arable land and a third to a quarter of the water than the global average , " says Merritt Cluff of the Food and Agriculture Organization in Rome . "  As they 've gone through phenomenal growth , their food security has diminished marvelously . The question is who is going to feed China . " China is the world 's largest importer of soybeans . The grain is one of the key starting links in the country 's food chain , used to make cooking oil , tofu products and in feed for the burgeoning pig industry . In 2012 , the world 's most populous country imported 59 % of the world 's soybean supply , according to FAO data , up from about 25 % in 2000 . "  If they had to produce their own soybeans , they would need to use 28 million hectares , " says Cluff . That would mean nearly one-quarter -- about 23 % -- of China 's total arable land would be used for soybeans , based on China 's latest data from 2008 . Just 12 % of China 's total area was arable in 2011 , according to the World Bank , compared to 17.5 % in the U.S. and 34 % in Germany . "  They decided they could not do that  use so much arable land for soybeans  -- so they import , " added Cluff . China relies on three main exporters for its soybean supply -- all in the Americas : Brazil , the U.S and Argentina which account for nearly half -- 46 % -- of the supply of global exports . Pork : ' 470 million pigs in China ' Besides soybeans , China is the world 's biggest consumer of pork products eating "  more pig products than the rest of the world combined , " says Cluff . "  Existing estimates have China at 48 % of global consumption . " While China is estimated to have raised 470 million pigs in 2012 , a number that increased about 1.5 % each year over the last decade according to FAO , that has not been enough to keep up with demand . China is a net importer of pork products -- from the U.S. , Europe and Canada in particular . "  There is lots of concern , " added Cluff . "  As an analyst it 's been on almost everyone 's mind for the last 30 years . " That concern extends from food to natural resources and China 's search for supplies around the world . Oil acquisitions and agreements In July 2012 , Chinese oil producer , CNOOC , paid $ 15 billion to acquire Nexen , one of Canada 's largest independent oil companies which owns assets in the Gulf of Mexico , in the North Sea off the coast of Great Britain and off the coast of Nigeria . In November 2012 , China 's Sinopec and Saudi Arabia 's Aramaco signed an agreement that would send 1.4 million barrels a day to the Asian nation . But one China economics watcher says the world "  should n't be too worried " and that demand for food -- and for natural resources from oil to iron ore -- may eventually see decreased demand . "  China is the world 's factory but those factories used to be in other cheaper countries . They got relocated to China because it 's cheaper to manufacture , " says Professor Zhigang Tao , Associate Dean of Business and Economics at the University of Hong Kong . "  So on paper , you see increasing demand from China for natural resources , but this is displacing demand from other countries -- from South Korea and Japan to China . " Production costs for foreign multinationals will rise in China , adds Tao , "  so a few years down the road we may ask the same questions about Vietnam and India . "	More affluent Chinese able to travel beyond borders for quality food products Beijing searching for natural resource supplies to protect national interests Soybeans , pork , oil , iron ore are commodities that may be impacted , say analysts
CNN  -- The touchdown catch that was n't . The first touchdown interception . The inaccurate reception . Whatever you call it , do n't call the controversial call by replacement refs in the Green Bay Packers-Seattle Seahwaks game a catalyst for the tentative labor deal with National Football League referees , Commissioner Roger Goodell said Thursday . "  It may have pushed the parties farther along , but we were really in intensive negotiations for the last two weeks , " Goodell told reporters in a conference call Thursday to discuss the agreement , reached late Wednesday . Goodell also said he was sorry the league felt it had to resort to the replacements , few of whom had any previous NFL officiating experience . Many were high school or low-level college officials who hold down myriad other jobs , from schoolteachers to attorneys . "  We worked as hard as we could and we did the best we could , " said Henry Zaborniak , a fill-in line judge who lives in Ohio . "  None of us felt like we could replace the regular guys . You ca n't replace that sort of ability en masse . " Zaborniak , who spent 15 years as a Big Ten official , said he and his colleagues never imagined working this long . He thought they 'd work one game and go home . While the officials were excoriated in the media , Zaborniak said the players were very professional . "  I ca n't think of one unkind thing I could say about them , " he said . "  They were tremendous . " Goodell declined to criticize the replacements despite weeks of botched calls that raised the ire of fans nationwide . "  Everything they did , every call , was magnified , " Goodell said . "  They kept the game going . They worked hard . They trained hard . They were incredibly focused and dedicated . " The eight-year deal -- the longest ever for officials , according to the NFL -- gives the union referees a pay raise and keeps their pension program in place for five years . It suspends a lockout that began before the league 's preseason , leading to a series of gaffes that climaxed in a furor over a botched call that allowed the Seahawks to walk away with a victory in Monday night 's nationally televised game . The league acknowledged Tuesday that the Packers should have won , but allowed the result of the game to stand . Fans and players rejoiced in the news that regular referees would return , beginning with Thursday night 's game between the Cleveland Browns and the Baltimore Ravens . "  Never thought I would be excited for the refs to come back to work but it 's about time , " Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Cribbs tweeted Thursday . "  It was definitely necessary ! " Photos : Blown calls In place of the replacement referees , most of whom had officiated no more than a handful of pro games , the league put together a veteran crew with a combined 70 seasons of NFL experience to handle Thursday night 's game at Baltimore . Before the game , fans stood and clapped for the officials as the seven men tipped their caps . Goodell said it was challenging to figure out how to get regular referees back on the field less than 24 hours after striking the tentative deal , but not for lack of enthusiasm among the officials to get back to work . "  They wanted to do what they love doing and make a contribution to the game , and that 's a tribute to them , " Goodell said . While they have not called a game since last season , the league 's veteran crews will be ready to go , said retired official Mason "  Red " Cashion . "  These guys have been working every week , really since May , to get ready for the season , through conference calls , through video , through meetings of their own , " Cashion said . "  And that 's something that the officials have done simply because they have enough pride in what they do that they wanted to be ready . And they are ready . " SI : NFL 's most embarrassing moments The eight-year deal , which must be ratified by union members , includes details about officials ' pensions and retirement benefits , and adds a pay bump from $ 149,000 a year in 2011 to $ 173,000 in 2013 . The pay will rise to $ 205,000 by 2019 . The agreement will also allow the NFL to hire some officials on a year-round basis and hire additional referees so they can be trained . "  This agreement supports long-term reforms that will make officiating better . The teams , players and fans want and deserve both consistency and quality in officiating , " Goodell said . What the refs were negotiating The return of the league 's regular referees wo n't put an end to controversial calls , said retired NFL player Tiki Barber . But it will raise the respect level between coaches and players and officials , Barber said . "  There 's still going to be arguing with referees , " he said . "  They 're still going to make bad calls . But now we 're going to know that it 's coming from a base of knowledge . These guys know what they 're talking about and they 're going to have an argument for why they do what they do on the field . " Fired up over NFL referees ? Share your thoughts . The deal came almost exactly 48 hours after the controversial ending of the Monday night game , which the Seahawks won 14-12 after replacement officials gave possession of a disputed ball , and a touchdown , to Seattle receiver Golden Tate . In what became a widely mocked symbol of the quality of officiating by the replacements , a photo from that game shows two officials in the end zone displaying competing signals : one indicating a touchdown , the other an interception . The result generated intense and immediate criticism of the league -- even President Barack Obama weighed in Tuesday urging a quick resolution . On Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Obama was "  very pleased " with the resolution . Goodell said he was not surprised by the outcry . "  I 've come to learn in the NFL , particularly with the popularity of the game and the influence it has in today 's society , not much surprises me about what happens in the NFL , " he said . Despite prodding by reporters , he declined to closely dissect the play that ended Monday night 's game beyond the statement the NFL issued Tuesday . In that statement , the NFL said the replacement refs should have called an offensive pass interference penalty on Seattle that would have ended the game , but supported the referees ' decision not to overturn the ruling on the catch . Goodell also declined to grade the replacements , saying that was n't part of his duties . But he warned fans that mistakes will still happen , even with the return of the veterans . "  It 's not realistic to think that officiating will be perfect , " he said . Much as it was after the Monday game , Twitter was buzzing with discussion of the deal . For a while , in the early morning , the name of one of the NFL 's more iconic officials , the heavily muscled Ed Hochuli , was one of the most-discussed topics among Twitter users in the United States . "  I 've never been more excited to see another man 's biceps than this Sunday to see Ed Hochuli back officiating , " a Twitter user named Robby Donoho wrote . "  It 's . About . Time . " CNN 's Javi Morgado and Joseph Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : Fans give officials standing ovation before Thursday game at Baltimore Monday night mistake did n't force settlement , NFL commissioner says The NFL labor deal with referees locks in pay raises , protects pensions for five years It comes 48 hours after furor erupted over Monday night 's game
Berlin  CNN  -- Germany 's government formally approved a plan Monday to close all the country 's nuclear power plants by 2022 . The plan was announced last month , after the government rethought Germany 's nuclear strategy in the wake of the Fukushima Daiichi meltdown triggered by an earthquake and tsunami . Parliament must still officially approve the bill . Minister of Ecology Norbert Roettgen of the Christian Democratic Union party said eight nuclear power stations would remain shut down , while six more would go offline by by the of 2021 "  at the latest , " and "  the three most modern , newest nuclear plants will go offline in 2022 at the latest . " He made the announcement after negotiations with coalition partner , the Liberal Party , which had been opposed to setting a date for decommissioning the nuclear facilities . Opposition parties have long supported shuttering nuclear energy in Germany To make up for the loss of nuclear energy , the German government will begin to switch to renewable energy and increase investments in energy research , the government website said . "  But we will not be able to do without conventional power plants , above all cutting-edge gas power plants for a long time , " said a statement published in May . "  New fruits of new research should contribute to making the energy transition more efficient and easier on the ecology . " In March , German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced she would rethink a plan to extend the lifespan of her country 's nuclear power plants . "  The events in Japan have shown us that even things that seem all but impossible scientifically can in fact happen , " Merkel said at a Berlin news conference . Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant was damaged in a March 11 earthquake and tsunami , which has spewed large amounts of radiation into the environment . At the time , Merkel ordered a review of the nuclear plant safety standards , saying there would be "  no taboos in those reviews . "	The cabinet votes to shut down all nuclear power plants by 2022 Germany rethought its nuclear strategy after the nuclear catastrophe in Japan in March Parliament must still approve the bill Germany will rely on natural gas among other resources for the time being
CNN  -- A top Mexican official says Mexico 's drug policy is not a "  war " against drug cartels , but a comprehensive strategy of the federal government to dismantle criminal organizations while at the same time strengthening institutions . In a blog published by the Office of Mexican President Felipe Calderon , National Security Spokesman Alejandro Poire says the main objectives of the Mexican national security strategy are to strengthen the rule of law and reduce crime . "  This is not ` the government 's war against drugs , ' but the fight of all Mexicans to build an authentic security , based on the rule of law and justice , " Poire said . President Felipe Calderon 's drug policy has come under scrutiny as violence increases . The Mexican government 's estimate indicates more than 35,000 people have died in drug-related violence since Calderon took office in December 2006 for a six-year term . Critics in Mexico and abroad have repeatedly said it is time for the Mexican government to reassess its hard-line drug strategy , because it has become counterproductive . Poire , who recently spoke on the issue of drug violence in Mexico at Harvard University in Boston , addressed the criticism on his blog . "  A policy of omission , simulation , or even worse , of negotiation  with the cartels -RSB-  would have been negligent and criminal , " Poire said . "  It would have postponed the effort to seek solutions much longer and left the population at the mercy of organized crime . " His comments were published six days after the U.S. Department of State broadened its travel warning for Mexico , advising American citizens to avoid certain areas and steer clear of driving at night . The advisory singles out 11 Mexican states , including border states like Sonora , Chihuahua and Tamaulipas . The warning issued Friday strongly urges Americans to "  travel only during daylight hours throughout Mexico , to avoid isolated roads and to use toll roads whenever possible . " It also notes , "  There 's no evidence that U.S. tourists have been targeted by criminal elements due to their citizenship . " According to the U.S. State Department , 150,000 Americans cross the border into Mexico every day for study , tourism or business and at least 1 million U.S. citizens live in Mexico . In a recent interview with CNN , a top Mexican tourism official said that in spite of the violence , tourism in Mexico last year was "  very robust . " Rodolfo Lopez Negrete , chief operating officer of the Mexico Tourism Bureau , said , "  Major tourism destinations that we have in Mexico , whether you refer to sun-and-beach resorts or inland destinations , those are perfectly safe . " Lopez Negrete said violence mostly occurs in "  border towns with the United States , in the northeastern section of our country . " However , violence in the beach resort of Acapulco has dramatically increased in the last three years . According to the Acapulco morgue , there were 1,010 violent deaths in the Pacific coastal city in 2010 .	Fight aims to dismantle drug cartels , strengthen institutions , official says Alejandro Poire says in blog the goal is to strengthen the rule of law and reduce crime Mexico estimates 35,000 people have died in drug-related violence since December 2006
CNN  -- Right before the midterm elections of 2006 , George W. Bush made the pitch to voters that the war in Iraq would be in trouble if the Democrats took over Congress . Apparently that was all the incentive the public needed to turn out in huge numbers and give Democrats control of the House and Senate in a crushing midterm defeat . Did it stop the war ? Not at all . In fact , Bush doubled down , pushed through the troop surge and basically made it impossible for the 2008 presidential candidates to steer away from the military policies he set forth . In other words , losing the House and the Senate in the sixth year of your presidency does n't mean your legacy is done for . Of course , Barack Obama is no George W. Bush , and that might be his undoing after a serious shellacking in this week 's midterms . First , let 's be honest about what happened Tuesday night . The stock market is way up , unemployment is the lowest in six years and gas prices are way down . So , by most objective measures , the country is doing well . Yet over 60 % of Americans say we 're on the wrong track , and the Democrats got beat in blue and red states , across the country from Massachusetts to Nevada . Five red states voted to increase the minimum wage , a major Democratic issue since 2012 , but at the same time those states voted overwhelmingly for Republican candidates who stand against minimum wage increases . And we ca n't forget just how much everyone hates Congress . Congressional approval has been less than 15 % for the last two years . How bad is that approval number ? To put it into perspective , 9 % of Americans have a favorable opinion of Vladimir Putin , 11 % have a favorable opinion of North Korea and 12 % have a favorable opinion of Iran . So the U.S. Congress is just barely more popular than most of the Axis of Evil and a Russian leader who makes vague threats about nuclear war with the United States . This probably explains why President Obama was almost buoyant during his autopsy press conference Wednesday afternoon , much more so than his last midterms in 2010 . President Obama does n't have to "  save " his presidency , but he does have some serious work to do in the next couple of months to make sure the next several years are n't a repeat of the pointless gridlock that has clogged congress since 2010 . Here are the key issues he must focus on : Immigration : Immigration reform is the holy grail of politics that is supposed to magically tie Hispanic voters to one party or another for the next 20 years . The truth is that immigration policy is both a serious domestic and national security issue that for too long has been obstructed by vehement tea partiers and limited by President Obama 's overly cautious nature . The President 's plan to do immigration reform by executive order is actually a good idea , not just for his legacy , but also because it will either force the Republicans to offer and pass a cohesive counter-bill , or simply let Obama handle the policy and move on . Minimum wage : One of the great ironies of the midterm elections of 2014 was that Republican candidates generally ran against increasing the minimum wage , but the red states they were elected by voted to increase the minimum wage . Right now , before Republicans take over the Senate , the President should make a push to pass a minimum wage increase once again . He can frame a vote on the minimum wage as a gift to incoming Republicans . If Congress can pass a minimum wage bill before the new Congress starts in January , freshmen Republicans wo n't be in the unenviable position of fighting against a policy overwhelmingly passed in their home states . Civil rights : President Obama appears poised to pick Brooklyn Prosecutor Loretta Lynch to replace Eric Holder , a nomination that thus far should n't cause too much controversy . But he needs to cram through as many judges and appellate appointments as he can in the next several months . The Republican Party has refused to vote on , or just plain old rejected , a historic number of President Obama 's judicial appointments . The President is now in a position to trade . Republicans know that President Obama will likely veto the vast majority of the bills the new Senate will send him . Perhaps in exchange for letting more judicial appointments through , and ending the confirmation logjam of appointments he 's already made , the President can offer concessions on the number and types of bills from the GOP that he 'll veto . Foreign policy : The biggest challenge going forward for President Obama will likely be foreign policy . Nuclear negotiations with Iran , sanctions on Russia and ISIS will all be issues that expected new Senate committee heads like Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , and John McCain , R-Arizona , will be champing at the bit to challenge President Obama on . Of course , most of these issues can be managed tactfully by the President if he decides to act swiftly as opposed to simply bickering with the opposition . A final deal developed with Iran and the U.N. Security Council can be signed , sealed and delivered by the November 24 deadline if the president acts fast enough . Any tougher sanctions bills coming out of Congress in 2015 would look foolish when the President has already negotiated a deal . McCain will be calling for boots on the ground to fight ISIS , and while that is something President Obama has stood against , the reality is that sending "  security " support to the Middle East could assuage some of McCain 's blood lust and curry favor with other hawks over the next two years . The midterm elections were not good for the Democrats , nor were they good for President Obama . But this does n't mean he ca n't get any policies passed . It 's just a matter of how committed he is to working as quickly as he can with the "  difficult " Congress he has in this lame duck session before the "  impossible " Congress of 2015 comes into office . President Obama had one of the most productive periods of his presidency after the midterm elections in 2010 , and there 's no reason he ca n't accomplish similar policy goals now , if he 's willing to take the initiative , cut some deals and occasionally stand his ground instead of hoping for some mythical bipartisanship . On the actual policies , the President seems to have the support of the people . The question is whether he will take the hint and act on this . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Jason Johnson : Democrats ' losses came despite country doing well Obama must quickly focus on four key issues Johnson : Many Obama policies , rather than party , still popular
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel broke another Formula One world record Tuesday and he did n't even have to climb into a car to do it . A race helmet worn by the four-time world champion has set a new world record price at a charity auction in London . An intense bidding war surrounded the helmet , which featured a glittering gold design , at Bonhams auctioneers . The successful bidder eventually paid $ 118,000 for the helmet which was worn by Vettel on his way to victory in this year 's German Grand Prix . The figure topped the previous world record price of $ 116,189 paid for a helmet which belonged to Brazil 's late three-time champion Ayrton Senna . The funds raised by Vettel 's helmet will go directly to the Wings for Life charity set up by Red Bull Racing owner Dietrich Mateschitz . The charity focuses on research into spinal cord injuries . "  This is one of my favorite helmet designs from this season and it goes without saying that this was one of the most special races for me -- my first ever home win , " Vettel told Red Bull 's official website . "  Just as the race meant a lot to me , Wings for Life does too and it 's my pleasure to donate this signed and worn helmet . " A pair of helmets worn by retired Red Bull racer Mark Webber in his final season in F1 also added to the charity 's prize pot . Meanwhile , the Australian racer got his first taste of his new drive this week as he tested the Porsche LMP1 racer he will race in the 2014 World Endurance Championship for sports cars .	Sebastian Vettel 's Formula One helmet reaches record price at London auction The glittering , gold helmet sells for $ 118,000 All the money raised goes to the Wings for Life charity Vettel wore the helmet on his way to victory at the 2013 German Grand Prix
CNN  -- Police have released dramatic security camera footage they say shows masked and hooded rioters firing shots at unarmed officers and a police helicopter in the English city of Birmingham . They hope the public will come forward with information as they investigate the violence that took place amid widespread rioting earlier this month . The footage shows a group of 30 to 40 young men , dressed in black , in the Newtown area of Birmingham as they attacked a pub late on Tuesday August 9 , West Midlands Police said in a statement . As police tried to disperse the group , petrol bombs were thrown at a police car and shots were fired , police said . Officers believe the rioters intended to set fire to the pub . Chief Constable Chris Sims said the incident was being treated as attempted murder and arson . The force has taken the "  unusual step " of releasing the footage because of the potential for serious harm to his officers and members of the public , he said . "  Eleven shots were fired at unarmed officers to enable disorder to continue , whilst petrol bombs were also thrown at officers who initially attended the scene , " he said . "  This footage shows seemingly co-ordinated criminal behaviour with no regard for people 's lives , whether it be through the setting of a fire , shooting at unarmed officers or shooting at the police helicopter . " West Midlands Police have so far arrested more than 500 people over the disturbances in Birmingham and nearby towns , of whom more than 140 have been charged . On Friday , Prince William and Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , visited areas of Birmingham affected by the disorder . They met with residents including a small business owner whose store in central Birmingham was looted , local community leaders and emergency responders . Among the places they visited was Winson Green , an inner-city area where three young Asian men were killed by a hit-and-run driver amid the disturbances . Four men have been charged over their deaths and police continue to question other suspects . An eighth man was arrested Friday on suspicion of murder , police said . Funeral for men killed in UK riot	NEW : Prince William and Catherine visited Birmingham to meet people affected by the riots Police say 11 shots were fired at officers and a force helicopter Police hope members of the public will help them identify those involved The violence came amid widespread disturbances in English cities this month
CNN  -- Dear reader : Actually , that 's the subject of today 's column . That salutation . Because there is a real question that has quietly been building -- perhaps not the most important question in this tense old world of ours , but a question nonetheless : Is "  Dear " an endangered species ? It would appear to be . You may have noticed that fewer and fewer people begin their letters and notes with "  Dear . " Some holdouts -- I 'm among them -- do , but this may be mostly out of lifetime habit . Even people who grew up using the traditional salutation -- middle-of-the-road , go-by-the-book people -- now regularly begin their notes with "  Hi . " This is mostly a function of the digital-communications age . "  Dear , " which always looked fine atop a business letter , or a handwritten note , is increasingly seen as archaic and old-fashioned on a computer screen or on a smartphone or mobile device . The pending disappearance of "  Dear " is a sea change in the way we write to each other -- yet when you think about it , there are few logical reasons arguing for a longer life for that particular word . We 've always used it , just because we 've always used it . But step back for a second and think about it -- about addressing business associates , or people you 've never met , as "  Dear . " It has worked commendably in letters , but imagine using it with those same people in face-to-face situations . Picture yourself walking up to someone in an airport or at a business meeting and automatically calling him or her "  dear . " You might be greeted with a withering glare , if not a punch in the nose . And imagine what would happen if you went around your office every day , in person , calling people "  dear . " You 'd be taking a quick trip to Human Resources . The reason "  Dear " may be destined to die is that it faces a dilemma much like an army confronted with a pincers movement in war : On the one flank , written-on-paper , mailed letters -- the kind that have always been started with "  Dear " -- are rapidly disappearing , as use of the U.S. mail itself dwindles . On the other flank , many people who use e-mail decided a long time ago to go with nothing at all , or with "  Hi "  followed by the recipient 's name  , as a reflection of the new informality and ease of note-writing . With text messages , the idea of a salutation does n't even come up . And of course , there is the ever-popular "  Hey " salutation , used by those who think that "  Hi " is much too stodgy . Not wanting to trust my own judgment on this vital matter , I put together an ad hoc advisory panel of five etiquette teachers and coaches from around the country  yes , even in our hail-to-sloppiness era , such people exist  . They pondered the "  Dear " question . Watch : British etiquette for London Games "  Even with the new normal of being informal , the proper way to start an e-mail is with ` Dear , ' " said Cynthia Lett , director of the Lett Group , a protocol training company in Silver Spring , Maryland . The time to switch to "  Hey , " she said , is "  when we get to the point of dropping by each other 's houses without an invitation and opening the refrigerator to see what is available for a snack . " Patricia Rossi , an etiquette coach based in the Tampa Bay area of Florida , said , "  I really think it is best to open an e-mail with ` Dear Mr. Moore , ' as it 's important to start out with a more respectful and formal salutation . Mr. Moore will respond in a manner that he wishes to set the tone with . " Barbara Pachter , an etiquette expert in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , said , "  E-mail does n't technically require a salutation , since it is in memo format . And when e-mail first appeared , many people did not use a salutation . Eventually people started adding a salutation to appear friendlier and help the tone of their writings . " Jacqueline Whitmore , who advises on etiquette from her base in Palm Beach , Florida , said , "  In my professional opinion you can never go wrong when you 're too formal , but you can often be dead wrong if you 're too casual . " And Paul Siddle , whose etiquette-and-protocol operation is based in Richmond , Virginia , responded to my question about "  Dear " possibly being anachronistic by saying : "  Anachronistic ? Well , we are certainly becoming a more relaxed society , but there will always be a right way and a wrong way to do things . And using appropriate salutations , and closings , in written communications is the right way to do it . " Most e-mailers and text-messagers do not consult etiquette coaches , though , and with the demise of words-on-paper letters , the future of "  Dear " appears dire . There are , it should be noted , some ethereal and symbolic forces working against "  Hi " in other parts of society : When Katie Couric took over the "  CBS Evening News " in 2006 , she at first began each broadcast with "  Hi , everyone , " to send a signal of friendliness and non-pontification . The "  Hi " soon enough went away ; evidently the word was too breezy for viewers across the United States who had long watched the evening news on the networks , and were accustomed to "  Good evening . " But an e-mail is not the evening news , and perhaps it is time to begin saying our inevitable fond farewell to "  Dear , " and to say that farewell before the salutation has already become dearly departed . Thank you for reading . With my most sincere good wishes until we meet anon . Why should the press be polite to presidents ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Does the salutation "  Dear " have a place in modern correspondence ? In digital communication , especially texting , it 's formal , archaic , too intimate , he says But etiquette experts say it still important to correspondence , it 's impolite to be too casual Greene : That may be true , but reality is fewer people use it ; it 's likely on its way out
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain stepped up his rhetoric against his Democratic rival on taxes in his weekly radio address Saturday , comparing his plan to "  socialist " programs . The remarks were part of a theme McCain has used since the final presidential debate , but his most recent comments were the first time he used the word to describe Sen. Barack Obama . In the radio address , McCain did n't directly call Obama a socialist , but he let the now-famous Joe "  the Plumber " Wurzelbacher nearly do it for him . "  You see , -LSB- Obama -RSB- believes in redistributing wealth , not in policies that help us all make more of it . Joe , in his plainspoken way , said this sounded a lot like socialism , " McCain said Saturday . Watch McCain blast Obama " In an interview with ABC last week , Wurzelbacher said Obama 's proposal to raise taxes by 3 percent on those making $ 250,000 and over is a "  very socialist view . " Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin has used the word in speeches the past two days as well . Watch more on the state of the presidential race " McCain also said in his radio address , "  At least in Europe , the socialist leaders who so admire my opponent are up front about their objectives . They use real numbers and honest language . And we should demand equal candor from Sen. Obama . Raising taxes on some in order to give checks to others is not a tax cut ; it 's just another government giveaway . " On the campaign trail Saturday in Concord , North Carolina , he added that Americans have seen sharing the wealth in other countries before . But he quoted Obama as saying he wants to "  spread the wealth around . " Fact Check : Did Obama say he would "  spread the wealth around " ? "  Spread the wealth around . We have seen that movie before in other countries and attempts by the liberal left before , " McCain said . In his speech , McCain also said , "  This explains some big problems with my opponent 's claim that he will cut income taxes for 95 percent of Americans . You might ask , how do you cut income taxes for 90 percent of Americans when more than 40 percent pay no income taxes right now ? "  How do you reduce the number zero ? That 's the key to Barack Obama 's whole plan : Since you ca n't reduce taxes on those who pay zero , the government will write them all checks called a tax credit . And the Treasury will have to cover those checks by taxing other people . ... The Obama tax increase would come at the worst possible time for America . " Asked why McCain used the word "  socialist " in the radio remarks , a spokesman said , "  That 's what it is . ` Spreading the wealth ' around is socialism . " In a July interview with the Kansas City Star , McCain said Obama had the "  most extreme " record in the Senate . He said in a comment he has since repeated on the trail , "  his voting record ... is more to the left than the announced socialist in the United States Senate , Bernie Sanders of Vermont . " Pressed on whether he considered Obama a socialist , McCain shrugged and said , "  I do n't know . " Obama hit back against the McCain campaign 's accusations Saturday in Missouri and said the Republican nominee was ignoring the needs of America 's middle class . "  John McCain is so out of touch with the struggles you are facing that he must be the first politician in history to call a tax cut for working people ` welfare , ' " Obama told a massive crowd under the famous St. Louis arch . "  The only ` welfare ' in this campaign is John McCain 's plan to give another $ 200 billion in tax cuts to the wealthiest corporations in America . " Watch large crowds rally for Obama " "  George Bush and John McCain are out of ideas , they are out of touch , and if you stand with me , in 17 days they 'll be out of time , " Obama added to wild applause . The Obama campaign said police in St. Louis estimated the crowd size at 100,000 people . Watch large crowds rally for Obama " In remarks this week , Palin referred to Obama 's encounter with "  Joe the Plumber " in Ohio on Sunday . At a rally Friday in West Chester , Ohio , where one banner in the crowd read , "  Obama is a Socialist/Marxist , " Palin said , "  Joe suggested that that sounded a little bit like socialism . Whatever you call it , I call it bad medicine for an ailing economy , and it 's what Barack Obama will do to those who want to create jobs , and we 're willing to call Barack Obama on it . " Palin invoked Wurzelbacher again Saturday , needling Obama for having a "  staged photo-op " interrupted by a voter asking him a question about taxes . "  So when he left Joe 's neighborhood in Toledo , our opponent did n't look real happy , " Palin , speaking in Pennsylvania , said of Obama . "  Seems that the staged photo-op there got ruined by a real person 's question . " "  So here 's a guy working -- standing there in his neighborhood when a candidate for president shows up , and he wanted more than just a handshake and a campaign button . He wanted some answers . " A similar thing happened to Palin on September 27 in Philadelphia at one of her own photo-ops . Temple graduate student Michael Rovito approached the governor at a cheesesteak shop to ask her opinions on cross-border raids into Pakistan to hunt terrorists . Palin told Rovito that the United States should "  absolutely " attack within Pakistan to stop terrorists , a position at odds with McCain 's . The remark was picked up by a network camera crew and caused a headache for the GOP ticket . Staffers were forced to explain the two candidates ' apparently conflicting views on national television days later . Palin arrived in New York on Saturday afternoon and headed to NBC headquarters at Rockefeller Center for rehearsals before making her much-anticipated debut on "  Saturday Night Live . " CNN 's Steve Brusk , Tasha Diakides , Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick , Sasha Johnson and Alexander Marquardt contributed to this report .	NEW : McCain compares Obama 's tax plan to "  socialist " programs NEW : Obama : McCain "  ignoring the needs of America 's middle class " Police say 100,000 attend Barack Obama 's rally in Missouri Palin : Obama 's "  staged photo-op " interrupted by Joe 's tax question Saturday
Talks between Iran and six world powers over Tehran 's nuclear ambitions ended Wednesday on a promising note when they released a joint statement for the first time , suggesting Iranian officials appear willing to negotiate . The meeting in Geneva ended with a statement that described the talks as "  substantive and forward-looking . " The tone of the negotiations appeared to signal a shift , a departure from the diplomatic standoff that prevailed under former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The latest discussions centered on a proposal put forth by Iran , which wants the six powers to recognize what it says is the peaceful nature of its nuclear energy pursuits . Details , however , were scarce . "  We will be doing the negotiation in the negotiating room and not in the press , " Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif told reporters after the talks concluded . Discussions were scheduled to resume November 7 and 8 . According to Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi , who is taking a lead role in the negotiations , the sides could reach an agreement in as little as three to six months . "  The Iranian proposal was a new proposal with a level of seriousness and substance that we had not seen before , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . Differences remain . "  No one should expect a breakthrough overnight , " Carney said . "  And these are complicated issues . They 're technical issues . And as the President has said , the history of mistrust is very deep . "  The onus remains on Iran to come into compliance with its international obligations . And any deal must prove to the international community that Iran 's program will be used for exclusively peaceful purposes , " he said . A senior U.S. administration official echoed Carney 's cautious optimism . "  A positive outcome is not guaranteed , " the official said , stressing at the same time that discussions were "  intense , detailed , straightforward " and "  candid . " The two-day talks brought together Iran 's representatives and those from the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain , all countries with permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council , plus Germany . European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , who is leading the talks for the P5 +1 bloc , called it a "  very intensive and very important meeting . " She also declined to offer specifics but said they were the most detailed to date . The joint statement built on a measured hope that was expressed after the first day of the talks . "  For the first time , we had very detailed technical discussions , " a senior U.S. State Department official said . A spokesman for the EU 's foreign policy chief called Iran 's presentation "  very useful . " Zarif , who is leading the Iranian delegation , said in a Facebook post Wednesday that their proposal outlined "  a new view which emphasizes the need for pursuing a common goal by all players " and identified areas that must be agreed upon . "  This framework was welcomed as a new approach by the heads of the delegations . Of course we would like to see a new approach by the 5 +1 , as well , " he said . Opinion : Why there 's room to strike a deal ` Ball is in Iran 's court ' Many in the West fear Iran is pursuing the development of a nuclear bomb , but Iran -- slapped with sanctions because of its program -- has always maintained that it is developing nuclear energy capabilities for peaceful purposes only . Ashton 's spokesman , Michael Mann , said Tuesday that the mood was one of "  cautious optimism " but that the "  ball is in Iran 's court " to respond to the bloc 's concerns . The P5 +1 bloc put forward its own proposals at a meeting with Iran in Kazakhstan in the spring , and these remain on the table , Mann told reporters . Critics have expressed suspicions about Iran 's uranium enrichment , fearing that Iran may secretly be transforming nuclear fuel into atomic bomb-grade materials . On Monday , Iran 's Araqchi said shipping Iran 's enriched uranium out of the country was a "  red line . " But on Wednesday , he hinted at flexibility , saying that "  red lines need not be obstacles . " Iran insists the West must accept its right to enrich nuclear fuel for civilian purposes as allowed under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons , to which Iran is a signatory . Thawing relations ? This week 's high-level talks in Geneva are the first such talks since the election of President Hassan Rouhani this summer raised the prospect of a shift in direction from Iran . During a visit to the U.N. General Assembly in September , Rouhani 's diplomatic approach raised hopes in the West of a thaw in relations with Tehran and progress in negotiations on its nuclear program . Rouhani 's visit culminated in a phone call with U.S. President Barack Obama and a meeting between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iran 's Zarif . Iran nuclear talks are key topic as Obama , Netanyahu meet It was the first such high-level contact between the two sworn enemies since Iran 's 1979 revolution , which sent relations between the two into a deep freeze . In another sign of easing tensions , Iran 's state news agency IRNA reported Wednesday that Iran and Britain plan to introduce their nonresident charges d'affaires -- the level of diplomat below ambassador -- within two weeks . Tehran and London agreed to the step on October 8 , after a telephone call between Zarif and his British counterpart , William Hague . The diplomats ' mission will be to improve relations on the way to the eventual reopening of embassies , Hague said then . Asked about Wednesday 's IRNA report , Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office told CNN that an announcement would be made in due course . Britain closed its embassy in Iran and evacuated its entire diplomatic staff from that country in late 2011 after hundreds of student protesters stormed the embassy and another British diplomatic compound . Hague also ordered the Iranian Embassy in London to close immediately , saying that Iran was in breach of its international obligations to protect diplomatic missions . Israel warns against easing sanctions As the latest talks in Geneva continue , Israel has warned against easing the punishing economic sanctions imposed against Iran too soon . Such a move would be a "  historic mistake , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Tuesday . "  Now is an opportune moment to reach a genuine diplomatic solution that peacefully ends Iran 's military nuclear program , " he said . "  This opportunity can only be realized if the international community continues to place pressure on Iran , because it is that pressure that has brought Iran back to the negotiations in the first place . " Not everyone is pleased with the talks . Alireza Jafarzadeh , with the opposition National Council of Resistance of Iran , accused Iran of using them to buy time to move forward with its nuclear weapons program . He called for still tighter sanctions . "  The P5 +1 is allowing Iran to talk its way into a nuclear bomb ; this explains the new atmospherics and smiles by the Iranian regime 's officials , " Jafarzadeh said . "  The ruling mullahs only understand the language of strength and decisiveness . More concessions will only result in more deceit by the Iranian regime . " Ali Larijani , Iran 's powerful parliamentary speaker and a close associate of the nation 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , said last week that Iran is serious about resolving the dispute over its nuclear program . It is keen to resolve the issue "  in a short period of time , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview from Geneva . "  From Iran 's side , I can say that we are ready , " he said . Opinion : How Tehran got back to the negotiating table	Member of the opposition accuses Iran of using talks to buy time The sides could reach a deal in several months , says Iranian minister Iran 's proposal was one with a new "  level of seriousness , " U.S. official says P5 +1 bloc , Iran issue joint statement for first time , but it 's short on details
CNN  -- This weekend sees a fixture which football fans across the world look forward to at the start of every season , with Spanish archrivals Real Madrid and Barcelona going head-to-head at the Bernabeu Stadium . On Saturday , the two sides will clash in the match which is known as "  El Clasico " , with two of the sport 's finest players facing off -- Real 's Cristiano Ronaldo and Barca 's Lionel Messi . Real to topple Barca in ` El Clasico ' clash ? Clashes between the two teams are always heated affairs and Jose Mourinho 's Real will be out for revenge after suffering a two-leg defeat in the preseason Spanish Super Cup in August . In recent years Barca have dominated Spanish football , winning three consecutive First Division titles and being crowned champions of Europe in 2009 and 2011 . But it is Mourinho 's men who currently top the table , and Josep Guardiola 's Barca will be looking to close the three-point gap which currently exists between them and Real with victory in Madrid .	Real Madrid and Barcelona will contest "  El Clasico " at the Bernabeu on Saturday Real currently lead Barca by three points at the top of the Spanish First Division Barca 's Lionel Messi and Real 's Cristiano Ronaldo are two of the world 's best players
CNN  -- Keeping global warming down to a level people can live with means cutting carbon emissions to "  near zero " by the end of the century , even in an increasingly industrialized world , the top U.N. experts on the issue reported Sunday . That may be doable , but it will take "  substantial investments " in everything from planting more trees to replacing fossil fuels with low-carbon power sources like solar , wind and nuclear energy , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change announced in its latest report . "  What this report clearly shows is that the challenges to resolve the global common problem are huge , " said Ottmar Edenhofer , a German economist and one of the lead authors of Sunday 's document . "  But also this report shows that there are some steps to resolve this issue . I would say in that sense the report also outlines the challenges , but it provides hope -- modest hope . " Jennifer Morgan , the director of the Climate and Energy Program at the World Resources Institute , agreed . "  The report shows that the scale of change require to tackle climate change is massive , but the ability to solve it is possible , " she said Sunday . "  We need to do it quickly , before it will get so expensive to respond that we may hit the points of no return . " Little time left to turn down the world 's heat , U.N. says ` Substantial investments ' Edenhofer 's modest hope will require more than tripling the share of electricity produced by renewable sources or nuclear power , along with refining the still-evolving technology of capturing carbon emissions and storing them underground . And it will take a coordinated global effort , likely including taxes on emissions , he said . No direct price tag was attached to that scenario , but Edenhofer said it would require "  substantial investments , " and more delays just drive up the expected cost . The impact could amount to shaving the projected average growth of the global economy by six-hundredths of a percentage point -- from about 2 % per year to 1.94 % -- over the coming century . The total global economy was about $ 72 trillion in 2012 , according to World Bank figures . "  We are clearly arguing that achieving these goals is a huge technological and institutional challenge . We are not saying this is a free lunch , " Edenhofer told reporters from Berlin , where the final document was approved over the weekend . "  Climate policy is not a free lunch , " he said . "  But climate policy could be a lunch worthwhile to buy . " In the United States , the second-biggest producer of greenhouse gases , a boom in natural gas along with conservation efforts , more renewable energy and a steep recession combined to reduce carbon emissions by about 10 % in the last decade . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who in February called the issue "  the greatest challenge of our generation , " said Sunday 's report is an economic opportunity . "  So many of the technologies that will help us fight climate change are far cheaper , more readily available , and better performing than they were when the last IPCC assessment was released less than a decade ago , " Kerry said in a written statement . "  These technologies can cut carbon pollution while growing economic opportunity at the same time . The global energy market represents a $ 6 trillion opportunity , with 6 billion users around the world . " Minds must change , supporter says But addressing the issue involves more than technological changes , said Morgan , who worked as a review editor for one of the chapters of the report . "  It is about shift of mindsets of political leaders and business leaders to step it up and have the will to implement changes , " she said . Despite more than two decades of efforts to restrain carbon emissions , not only are emissions still going up , they 're going up faster than ever , Edenhofer said . Though there 's been an increased emphasis on generating power from renewable sources , the use of coal has gone up in the past 10 years , he said . Limiting the projected increase in global average temperatures to 2 degrees Celsius  3.6 degrees F  over preindustrial times will require cutting emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases by 40 % to 70 % by 2050 "  and to near zero by the end of this century , " the IPCC concluded . Sunday 's report is the third part of a benchmark U.N. assessment that comes out every six years . The first , in September , reaffirmed the science behind the warming of the planet ; the second , at the end of March , warned that chances to limit the increase in temperatures are slipping away , with the world 's poor expected to bear the worst of the effects . Morgan said it will be important to craft solutions that are fair and take care of those people who are being impacted already or soon will be . Blueprint for national leaders The reports are aimed at guiding world leaders as the United Nations attempts to work out a new treaty to limit emissions in 2015 . Previous rounds of talks have been strained by disputes among the biggest emitters -- China , the United States and European countries -- and poorer countries whose populations could see the worst impacts first . About half of the carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere since the dawn of the industrial age has been produced since 1990 , the scientists behind Sunday 's report concluded . On the current path , global average temperatures could go up anywhere from 3.7 to 4.8 degrees C  6.7 to 8.6 F  over preindustrial levels by 2100 . That would produce a world with higher sea levels , deeper droughts and more intense storms , along with oceans made more acidic by the absorption of carbon dioxide , with impacts on vital marine life that "  we can not estimate at this point in time , " IPCC Chairman Rajendra Pachauri said . There 's "  a broad set of technologies " that could be deployed to head off that future , Edenhofer said -- many of which are listed in the report . And the document points to potential benefits of the effort , including cleaner air and healthier populations . One of the most controversial is carbon capture and sequestration technology , which would reduce smokestack emissions and put the carbon dioxide in storage . But the technology is expensive . "  It 's not fully proved yet in terms of being commercially viable , but it looks like it has the most promise of all , because it can be coupled with lots of sources of carbon dioxide and essentially be used to neutralize them , " said Charles Kolstad , a report co-author and an environmental economist at Stanford University . If paired with renewable bioenergy sources , it could lead to net negative emissions , he said . Act now , environmentalists say Other leaders of some of the world 's biggest environmental groups called the report a positive one . "  The IPCC is clear that acting on climate change is possible , beneficial and affordable , " said Samantha Smith , the head of the World Wildlife Fund 's climate and energy program . "  If we act now , costs will be only a very small fraction of global economies . Those who say it 's too hard and too expensive are wrong . " She said the report should convince investors "  to pull your money out of dirty fossil fuels and put it into renewable energy and energy efficiency . " Morgan said individuals can also do that by seeking greener power sources and ways to save energy , and by keeping a close eye on where they invest their 401  k  plans and other savings vehicles . She also said it would be a a challenge for her organization to make sure that people see there is still hope . "  There is a chance that their children wo n't have to deal with this problem , " she said . Carbon dioxide benchmark hits new heights , worries scientists Opinion : Is it time for international agreements to recognize national laws ? CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : John Kerry calls the report a wake-up call to an economic opportunity NEW : Environmentalist says political will must change too U.N. panel holds out "  modest hope " of heading off most global warming Sunday 's report is the latest in a benchmark U.N. assessment of climate change
CNN  I 'm Candida Moss , and I am professor of New Testament and early Christianity at the University of Notre Dame . I was an adviser on the "  True Cross " episode and served as one of the many on-camera experts in CNN 's "  Finding Jesus " series , which airs on Sundays . Viewers were invited during the show to tweet and post their questions on the "  Finding Jesus " Facebook page . Below are some of the more interesting questions and my answers to them . They have been edited for style and clarity for this article . What 's "  true " about the cross that killed Jesus ? Lynn Santos : Where might there be other pieces of the "  true cross " ? Is anyone attempting to carbon date these relics ? Moss : There are churches all over the world that claim to have fragments or splinters of the true cross . These are n't being carbon dated and there are a few reasons why . First , carbon dating is expensive , and your average church does n't have the funds for this kind of endeavor . Second , carbon dating is seen as intrusive and a little destructive . Even if only about 10 milligrams of wood are needed , you 're still chipping away at a holy object . This is n't something that churches like to do , especially as -- and this leads me to my third point -- almost all carbon dating tests end up discrediting the relics that are being tested . So , it 's not in the best interest of the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches that claim to possess relics to have them tested . Matt Marino : Are you able to tell what type of wood the cross was built from ? Moss : Unless we know with complete certainty that we have a fragment of the true cross , then we wo n't be able to assert what kind of wood was used . Nonetheless , we can make some best guesses . A number of scholars have thought that the cross was made of cedar because cedar is a sturdy wood found in the region . There is also evidence from the crucifixion of other criminals . In 1968 , the remains of a crucified man named Yehohanan ben Hagkol were found during excavations in northern Jerusalem . We know he was crucified because there was a spike embedded in his ankle bone . The Department of Botany at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem concluded that the wood underneath the nail was olive wood . So perhaps that 's a possibility . Daniel Pronych : How can we be certain the Romans did n't reuse Jesus ' cross ? Moss : This is a great question . Hewn wood and nails were more valuable in the ancient world than they are today . There are examples of the Romans discarding tools and other implements  for instance after the battle of Masada , when they left behind pottery vessels rather than haul them away  , but this usually took place in situations where carrying these tools was more effort than it was worth . The Romans were efficient and would likely have reused the instruments of torture if they could . The Jewish historian Josephus tells us that wood was scarce around Jerusalem in the first century A.D. and that the Romans had to travel 10 miles to secure timber for the siege of Jerusalem  Jewish War 5.522-23  . Josephus was writing about a period of war some 40 years later but , all the same , we can imagine that the Romans wanted to conserve the wood that they had . In other words , you 're absolutely right : We ca n't be sure the cross upon which Jesus was crucified was n't reused in the execution of other criminals or in some other kind of construction . How well do you know the life of Jesus ? Take the quiz . James Faubel : If the crucifixion of Christ was so important to Christians , why are there no images of Christ on the cross in Christian art until about the seventh century A.D. ? Prior to that time , the depictions are usually of a lamb on the cross . Moss : It is certainly true that early on  first-third century  Christians did not use the image of the cross in their art . This in part seems to have been because crucifixion was so shameful and humiliating . Depicting a cross would be akin to using an image of an electric chair or a hangman 's noose . So , early on , Christians used images of Daniel in the lion 's den , Jonah and the whale and the three young men in the fiery furnace in the funeral art as symbols of resurrection and conquest of death . Beginning in the fourth century , things began to change . Constantine 's vision was really instrumental in this process . The cross began to be retrieved as a symbol of power , so that instead of being a symbol of shameful death it became an emblem of victory over death . There are a lot of really interesting studies of the emergence of the cross in early Christian art ; I 'd recommend Robin Jensen 's "  Understanding Early Christian Art " as a great place to start .	Religion professor Candida Moss appears in each episode of the program
CNN  -- Anthony Sullivan was a young Australian with Robert Redford looks . Richard Adams emigrated from the Philippines as a child and became an American citizen . The two met in Los Angeles , fell in love and got married in Boulder , Colorado -- long before any state legalized same-sex marriage . County Clerk Clela Rorex issued the gay couple a marriage license at 11 a.m. , April 21 , 1975 . Nothing in the Colorado marriage code mentioned same-sex marriage , and Rorex signed licenses for six couples before the district attorney advised her to end to them . But the licenses were never rescinded . Sullivan and Adams believed their marriage was legal and embarked on a decades-long struggle to attain permanent resident status for Sullivan . They became the first gay couple to sue the federal government for recognition of their marriage , effectively launching a movement that helped lead to the Supreme Court 's ruling a year ago that struck down the Defense of Marriage Act , which defined marriage as between a man and a woman . But even now , a year after that historic ruling , Sullivan , 72 , remains in America , undocumented . In April , he filed a motion for the government to reopen his case and grant him a green card . Federal immigration law says a U.S. citizen or green card holder can sponsor a spouse so that they can remain together in America . But because of DOMA , the law did not afford that right to binational gay couples . After DOMA 's demise , about 40,000 such couples became eligible for immigration rights . Previously , they were forced to choose between love and country -- and many of them lived in exile to be together . "  The DOMA ruling completely changed the landscape , " said Michael Sisitzky , an attorney with Immigration Equality , an organization that has been working with same-sex binational couples for two decades . It was a watershed moment , and within one week of the ruling , Immigration Equality heard from 1,500 couples seeking help . That 's more than the total number of inquiries the group got the year before , Sisitzky said . "  It was as if a light switch had gone off , " he said . "  LGBT couples go through the same process now as straight couples . " A year after DOMA , these couples choose both love and country However , some people , like Sullivan , have been left behind , said his attorney , Lavi Soloway , a gay rights lawyer who helped found Immigration Equality . Six months before the DOMA ruling , Sullivan 's spouse died . Soloway said gay and lesbian widows and widowers are fighting to get their marriages recognized even though they no longer have a spouse who can sponsor them for a visa . Sullivan hopes that the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service will allow him to live in the United States , as he has done for the past 40 years , legally . "  Common sense says that my petition should be accepted . Decency also says it should be accepted , " Sullivan said . "  At the moment , I am just living my life day to day . " A license and a letter At 29 , Sullivan left home in Sydney , Australia , and was in the middle of an around-the-world trip when he stumbled upon Adams at a gay bar called The Closet in Los Angeles . It was Cinco de Mayo , 1971 . The two agreed to meet for a date the next day at Greta Garbo 's star on Hollywood Boulevard . Soon after , they knew they wanted to spend the rest of their lives together . But Sullivan was on a tourist visa in the United States . He was not permitted to work . He would have to leave the country when his visa expired . They began to think about ways they could stay together . There was no country in the world then that allowed immigration rights for same-sex partners , nowhere they could go . Sullivan remained in the country -- illegally . Then , on television one day , they heard the most incredible news : a Colorado clerk had issued a marriage license to two men . Sullivan and Adams immediately made plans to fly to Boulder . Rorex , the Boulder County clerk , was 31 , wore her skirts short and her hair long . She 'd joined the National Organization for Women and was swept up in the movement for equal rights . She surprised even herself by winning the clerk 's race . She 'd been on the job only three months when a couple from Colorado Springs -- David McCord and David Zamora -- showed up wanting to get married . After she learned from the district attorney that nothing in the marriage code referred to gay marriages as illegal , Rorex granted the two men their wish . She did not know any gay people ; she 'd grown up in the small town of Steamboat Springs , Colorado , before it became a skiing haven . Her world was pretty insular . But she felt in her gut it was the right thing to do . Sullivan and Adams showed up in Boulder , got a license and then were married in a church that supported gay rights . The first thing Adams did when they returned to Los Angeles was to petition what was then the Immigration and Naturalization Service  INS  for permanent residency or a green card for Sullivan . They could finally envision a future together in the United States . But suddenly , after their marriage made headlines , their private lives had become very public . Newspapers ran stories about them . Phil Donahue invited them on his daytime TV talk show . Soon , they began to feel the sting of homophobia . Sullivan 's mother wrote him a letter disowning him . "  Perversion is bad enough , " she wrote , "  but public display , never . ... I can endure no more . " A woman in the audience of "  Donahue " told Sullivan : "  I think we should give you a lottery ticket and send you back to where you came from . " Worst of all was a letter from the Department of Justice that arrived in the mail in November 1975 . It contained only one sentence explaining a denial of a green card : "  You have failed to establish that a bona fide marital relationship can exist between two faggots . " The INS followed up with a second letter that said the green card petition was denied on the grounds that neither party was able to perform female functions in a marriage . It was inconceivable to Sullivan and Adams that anyone in government would use such language , especially that other "  f " word . They filed the first lawsuit in America that sought recognition from the federal government for a same-sex marriage . But after years of legal wrangling , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against the couple in 1985 . The opinion , written by future Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy , affirmed that marriage was between a man and a woman . Sullivan and Adams had lost . They tried to appeal to the Supreme Court but the justices refused to hear their case . Sullivan had exhausted every avenue available to him . He had a limited number of days left to voluntarily leave America before authorities would deport him to Australia . If he and Adams wanted to remain together , they had no choice but to leave the country . They felt like refugees because of their sexual orientation . There still was n't any nation that recognized same-sex marriages , so Sullivan and Adams headed for Europe , where they had friends . They boarded TWA Flight 760 for London , leaving everything behind . For Adams , it was especially painful to separate from his mother and sisters . The couple floated around Europe like paupers for 11 months and eventually got fed up and returned to the United States by way of Mexico . Back then , crossing the border was easier , and Sullivan got through by passing as an American . Sullivan resumed life in Los Angeles under the radar of immigration authorities . In a way , it was a relief to live in hiding , away from the spotlight . In other ways it was painful . Sullivan 's mother and brother died . Without documents , he could not travel and attend their funerals in Australia . The couple also had returned to an America reeling from the AIDS epidemic . They watched their friends get sick and die . They lived quietly , all the time fearing that Sullivan could , at any moment , get picked up by immigration agents . Bittersweet victory In 2010 , Adams was diagnosed with lung cancer . By then the gay rights movement had gained momentum and it seemed as though states were falling like dominoes on the question of same-sex marriage . Soloway , the couple 's lawyer , knew there was a chance the Supreme Court would strike down DOMA . That 's what he told Sullivan and Adams when he visited them on December 15 and encouraged them to go to Washington state and get married there -- just in case the government refused to recognize their Colorado license . They decided to marry again , except they would see it as an affirmation ceremony . Instead of "  death do us part , " they planned to say , "  as long as there is love . " They never made it to Washington . Adams died the next day . He was 65 . Several newspapers ran his obituary . He and Sullivan were , after all , pioneers in the struggle for gay rights in America . When DOMA was struck down a year ago on June 26 , Sullivan watched the news with his dog Jasper . He thought it ironic that Kennedy was the swing vote . In Sullivan 's eyes , the justice had redeemed himself for the decision he 'd handed down all those years ago . The ruling was a victory for gay couples but bittersweet for Sullivan . He wished Adams were there by his side to witness history . "  It was a grave injustice he did n't live to see that day , " Sullivan said . When Adams died , Sullivan 's first inclination was to walk away from it all , to return to Australia . But he realized that America was home now . That 's why he has asked immigration authorities to reconsider his petition for permanent residency . "  I should be allowed to continue my life here , " he said , "  even though it 's in a state of widowerhood . " Recently , he attended the premier of a new documentary , "  Limited Partnership , " which chronicles his relationship with Adams and his battle to gain permanent residency . It will be shown in San Francisco on the first anniversary of the DOMA ruling . It was tough for Sullivan to sit through the film and see himself on the big screen . But he has no regrets . The U.S. government may not have recognized his marriage as legitimate , but for 41 years , he was a participant in a love story . It was the kind of love that many never experience . A love like Romeo and Juliet 's . "  They never managed to separate us , " he said . Love had won . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	Australian Tony Sullivan married Richard Adams , a U.S. citizen , in 1975 No country in the world recognized same-sex marriage then Sullivan overstayed his tourist visa and lived under the radar in order to be with his love One year after DOMA was struck down , Sullivan is trying again for permanent residence
AOL Autos  -- Buying a used car may seem like a simple topic . Used car sales company CARMAX had an influx of trucks and SUVs after gas prices skyrocketed . But when you begin slicing and dicing the various possibilities among approximately 3.3 million vehicles that are for sale at any given time , interesting insights into consumer preferences begin to emerge . For Krista Glotzbach , director of marketing at Vast.com , the San Francisco , California-based aggregator of data  which provides used vehicle search data for AOL Autos  , the various permutations are nearly endless . But users should n't worry because , with the help of search filters , vehicle fashion statements  what color do you want  and budgetary considerations  what price range do you want  easily come to the surface for faster used car searching . Because Vast.com has a variety of sources for its data , including Web "  crawls "  an automated Internet search for used vehicle information  , the data is , by definition , revealing in its own right . AOL Autos : Safest cars But industry player CARFAX , which makes its vehicle history reports available to the public , provides a different kind of insight . AOL Autos : Used luxury cars As Larry Gamache , director of communications , pointed out , used car sales dominate the automotive industry . With that volume comes its share of fraud , notably in the marketing of vehicles damaged by flood . And even if a vehicle does n't look bad , what you ca n't see can hurt . "  The problem with flood-damaged cars is that they 're rotting from the inside out , " Gamache said . It 's also a potentially big safety issue . "  Air bags that have been submerged do not function properly , " Gamache noted . "  They either do n't deploy or could deploy at speed . " But not all used cars have skeletons in their closets . Actually , most of the vehicles sold in the U.S. are used . AOL Autos : Most popular crossovers Here are a few water cooler tidbits that might make you say "  hmm " : 1 . Three out of four automotive transactions in the U.S. involve previously owned vehicles . 2 . The average vehicle will likely have three owners in its lifetime . 3 . Industry experts believe one of every 25 air bags that have been deployed have not been properly replaced . They 're also the most stolen item from a vehicle  having surpassed radios  . AOL Autos : Best resale value cars 4 . About half the cars that are flood damaged end up back on the road . As far as Hurricane Katrina is concerned , estimates are that about 200,000 vehicles were dried out and resold . 5 . The most frequently searched price range for a used vehicle is under $ 5,000 . 6 . Consumers lose as much as $ 4 billion a year due to odometer fraud , with the average rollback being 15,000 miles . AOL Autos : Best hybrid cars 7 . There are more used Silverado pickup trucks for sale than any other model  nearly 120,000 throughout the U.S. 8 . Texas has more used vehicles than any other state  more than 220,000  ; Houston alone has more than 32,000 on the market at any given time . 9 . Chevrolet tops the list of most-available brands in the U.S.  with about 450,000 available  , followed by Ford  425,000  . There are "  only " about 280,000 Toyotas on the market at any given time . 10 . Silver is the most available color in the used vehicle market -- more than 447,000 vehicles , followed by black  429,000  , white  409,000  , and red  321,000  . Blue  309,000  and gray  277,000  are also aplenty . The color you 're least likely to find ? Pink , with just 249 used vehicles listed . 11 . Age does appear to matter , at least when it comes to a used vehicle . Nearly half those listed at any one time  about 1.5 million  are model years 2007-2008 . 12 . Automatic transmissions outnumber manual 10 to 1 in the market for used vehicles . 13 . Six cylinder vehicles are the most popular on the used car market , accounting for nearly a third of the total available  and roughly the combined total of both four cylinder and eight cylinder powered vehicles  . The least likely number of engine cylinders ? The 23 vehicles that were listed as being equipped with a 16-cylinder motor , among them a 2006 Bentley Continental Flying Spur  just $ 122,000  and a 1938 Cadillac  $ 195,000  . 14 . Nearly half the used vehicles on the market come with air conditioning . Clearly , the marketing and sale of used vehicles is a big business . Like any other transaction , it 's "  buyer beware " and "  buyer aware . " Thankfully , well-known and respected sites  such as AOL Autos Used Cars  and sources such as CARFAX for checking a vehicle 's history can help lower the risk to consumers . Sources : VAST.com  vehicles available as of July 21 , 2008  , CARFAX , National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .	Three out of four transactions in the U.S. involve used vehicles Average vehicle will likely have three owners in its lifetime Pink is the least available color on the market , with just 249 used vehicles listed Texas has more used vehicles than any other state
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon denied Thursday it has approved sending the aircraft carrier USS George Washington to the Yellow Sea off the Korean Peninsula , where North Korea allegedly sank a South Korean warship in March . Two U.S. military officials said U.S. Forces Korea was expected to make the announcement Thursday . The officials declined to speak on the record because the announcement had not been made . But Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell told CNN , "  No carriers are going anywhere near there anytime soon . " However , the military officials are planning for the deployment and said they expect it to be announced . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday he was not aware of a plan to send the carrier to waters off South Korea . The U.S. military is conducting exercises with the South Koreans , and some additional exercises are under discussion , Gates said , but no decisions have been made . The carrier deployment would come as the U.S. Navy and Republic of Korea warships are scheduled to conduct a joint naval exercise that the two nations vowed to undertake in response to the alleged North Korean attack on the South Korean ship . It 's not clear to what extent the aircraft carrier will be part of that exercise . The carrier is expected to be accompanied by a U.S. destroyer and submarine , the officials said . The U.S. ships plan to conduct exercises separate from those previously announced . But the move is considered to be sending a signal to North Korea about the U.S. commitment to defending South Korea . The Navy sent a carrier to the Yellow Sea last year for exercises , considered an unusual move because it had been several years since that had happened , one of the officials said . North Korea is blamed for a torpedo attack on a South Korean navy vessel , the Cheonan . Forty-six sailors were killed .	Pentagon denies aircraft carrier being sent to Korean Peninsula Sources : U.S. Forces Korea expected to announce carrier 's deployment Response to alleged North Korean attack on South Korean warship in March
Sialkot , Pakistan  CNN  -- Through choking traffic and crude streets , pastoral scenes and fields of wheat , there is a journey to be made in the heart of the Punjab that will take you to the very soul of the beautiful game . For a country some have come to see as the world 's leading exporter of terror , it is a glimpse into all that is possible when you consider that for decades now Pakistan has also been a leading exporter of hand-stitched soccer balls . This is no cottage industry , in a typical year Pakistan produces almost half of the world 's hand-stitched gems . In a World Cup year like this one , as demand explodes , that portion edges up to almost 70 percent . The craft here has been handed down for generations and now hundreds of stitching halls dot the agricultural landscape of this region . "  A good player will play with this ball , it makes me feel good , it brightens our country 's reputation and that makes me feel proud , " says one young man as he continues stitching about six to eight balls a day . That will earn most of these workers anywhere from six to 10 dollars a day , as much as double Pakistan 's minimum wage . Khawaja Masood Akhtar is the owner of the aptly named Forward Sports . For almost two decades he has won big-brand contracts against the odds and is currently a prime supplier for Adidas . "  The ball stitched in Pakistan will definitely be of a higher quality , " said Akhtar . He adds that he has great admiration for the stitchers that craft his perfectly rounded balls . "  It 's hard work -- you need very strong upper body strength to do that , and this is not easy . They are doing the job by hand but it looks like some machine , " adds Akhtar . For years now , Forward Sports has been binding the tradition of craftsmanship with the demands of research and development . Their goal here is to not just meet , but surpass FIFA standards . Balls are poked repeatedly and pressed for hours to test water resistance . Then they are heat-tested to simulate how they will be after two years . And then there is the shooter machine , where a ball is kicked repeatedly by a shooting machine more than 3,500 times . The stitching string is stressed , there is even a machine that simulates headers , all of it part of the struggle in keeping Chinese manufacturers from dominating the game . "  Without competing with China no one can stay nowadays in the industry . Things are very simple you have to exactly do what your customer needs , " said Akhtar . Akhtar chuckles when this reporter points out the official World Cup ball will come from China this year . He admits , it does bother him a bit . In fact , China with its massive production scale and low currency is the threat here , not the Taliban . And yet the stigma of terror is one more thing to overcome . "  It hurts in a big way , because it stops a lot of people from abroad ... because especially from the U.S. people do n't want to travel here . Many big brands have a travel ban , " says Akhtar . But Pakistan is still in the game . Forward Sports says it has worked hard to keep up with tougher quality standards and lower prices , and it says it has eradicated child labor from the production pipeline . "  We are not those kind of people , we are honest , we do good work here , the world knows our product . We make products not war , " said one long-time employee . This industry defies Pakistani stereotypes but there is no pretending the game sparks passion here . That is reserved for cricket ; it 's the business of the game that takes all the glory here .	Pakistan is leading exporter of hand-stitched soccer balls This year , Pakistan could produce 70 percent of the global supply One Pakistani company is the prime supplier to Adidas Each ball must comply with tough FIFA regulations
CNN  -- When the White House , back in March , made the unexpected announcement that this month 's G-8 summit , long planned to take place in Chicago , was being moved to Camp David , the reasons given were bland : Camp David was taking over from Chicago "  to facilitate a free-flowing discussion with our close G-8 partners , " the White House announced . President Obama was said to believe that Camp David was a more intimate setting for the world leaders to get together . There was immediate conversation about the explanation . Past G-8 summits have been known to attract protests that culminated in violence in the streets of the cities where they have been held . Camp David -- the presidential retreat in Catoctin Mountain Park in Frederick County , Maryland -- is about as secure a sealed-off location as exists in this country . No one gets near it who is not supposed to get near it . Originally the Chicago G-8 summit was supposed to be immediately followed in Chicago by a separate summit of the leaders of NATO nations . The NATO meeting is still scheduled for Chicago ; like the G-8 meeting , it will be hosted by Obama . Demonstrations are planned , and heavy security will be in place with the intention of keeping protesters well away from where the NATO leaders are convening . Increasingly , over the years , cities that engage in grand talk about "  bringing the world " to see their many civic and cultural attributes end up going into a defensive crouch at the same time they are welcoming their global visitors . It 's the only wise course ; we live in an age where terrorists know that the bigger the stage , the greater the opportunity for maximum impact . And in these jittery times , any occasion when a specific city becomes an enormous public stage , it also becomes a presumed potential target . There is an intake of breath that starts before the event commences , and that is not let out until after it concludes . In London , site of this summer 's Olympic Games , there have been reports of plans for surface-to-air missiles to be installed as protective measures right in the city , including on the roofs of apartment buildings . Hardly the symbol of a joyous and carefree gathering of the planet 's finest young athletes -- but , then , the planet has proved itself to be an often dangerous place , so discus throwers , twirling gymnasts and powerful missiles may have to share the setting . Faster , higher , stronger -- the athletes , and the weapons in place to keep them safe . If the G-8 summit in the isolated and wooded hills of Maryland comes off as a model of protected tranquility , and is followed by messy scenes of street disorder at the NATO summit in Chicago , it will not be surprising if Camp David , which already has a long history of hosting distinguished guests of presidents , becomes the prototype for future top-level gatherings around the world as well as at home . And if that takes place , it will not be as big a shift as it superficially will seem . When the president visits troops in perilous areas overseas , he is described as "  going into a war zone . " But in fact , anywhere in the United States where a president travels these days receives war-zone security treatment . On television , a presidential meeting with dignitaries in a city away from Washington appears to take place in sedate , often elegant , rooms . But behind the camera shot -- outside the buildings where a president and his guests are meeting -- is security befitting preparedness for an imminent attack . Concrete barriers , war wagons filled with security personnel with automatic weapons at the ready , human ring after human ring of law enforcement assigned to keep all unauthorized persons away ... the heart of any city where a modern-era president passes through is routinely turned into a temporary militarized bunker . As early as 1968 , when political violence stained the year , people were predicting that future presidential campaigns might be conducted solely from television studios . Some said this would never happen ; security fears aside , the public would never allow its leaders to speak to them from such a sterile and locked-off environment . Yet , in a backhanded way , it has turned out to be true . The television studio has become the moving impermeable bubble where a president resides when he is out in the nation . Camp David , a bucolic federal campsite turned into a presidential retreat by Franklin Delano Roosevelt , who called it USS Shangri-La , was renamed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in honor of his grandson . It was widely seen as a way for presidents to get some peace and quiet , away from the tension and tumult of their daily world . To dress and act casually , free from staring eyes . Few people , of course , have firsthand knowledge of what it is like there . Ronald Reagan summed up the feeling in his autobiography : "  The president 's home at Camp David , called Aspen , is a beautiful rustic house with beamed ceilings , wood-paneled walls ... Nancy and I experienced a sense of liberation at Camp David that we never found in Washington . Because the perimeter was guarded , we could just open a door and take a walk . That 's a freedom , incidentally , that you do n't fully appreciate until you 've lost it . " Foreign dignitaries came to call on presidents there , in a less formal , more relaxed setting than official Washington . While most Americans can envision the White House , they never have really seen , in full , Camp David . You ca n't tour the place , or even look at it from outside . There have been references to it in popular entertainment : the 1965 Fletcher Knebel political thriller novel , "  Night of Camp David " ; the scene in the 1995 motion picture "  The American President " in which Michael Douglas , as a widower president , sits with the woman he is falling in love with , played by Annette Bening , watching television in his  movie-set  Camp David cabin . There is a subtle difference at play in the way the G-8 summit at Camp David is being regarded . It 's not so much that the president and his guests want to get away from the world . It 's that a way needed to be found to keep the world away from them . Will that turn out to be the way of the future ? With the possible exception of the United States Bullion Depository at Fort Knox , Kentucky , there is perhaps no other place in the country designed so determinedly for absolute privacy .  From the official description of Fort Knox provided by the U.S. Mint : "  No visitors are permitted , and no exceptions are made . " Whatever else happens at the G-8 summit , that thought , and its implications , are what may endure . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	President Obama has moved this month 's G-8 summit from Chicago to Camp David Bob Greene says the presidential retreat is much more secure and isolated He says a security cordon envelops presidents wherever they go Greene : Still , a place like Camp David affords much more security
CNN  -- A woman who says she twice worked for L.A. Clippers co-owner Donald Sterling sued him this week , alleging that he sexually harassed her and made her uncomfortable with racist remarks -- and that he once fired her after she objected . Maiko Maya King 's lawsuit , filed Monday in Los Angeles County Superior Court , alleges she and Sterling were in a romantic relationship from 2005 to 2011 , and that she "  worked for him and his foundation " before her irritation at what she claims were his racially offensive remarks split them apart . King alleges Sterling made racist comments about her former husband , who is black , and about the couple 's children . "  Why would you bring black people into the world ? " Sterling allegedly said , according to the lawsuit . The suit also alleges Sterling said : "  I want to take you out of the black world and put you into the white world . " Referring to King 's former relationship , Sterling would tell her , "  You ran away with a black boy , " including once at a table full of people at a restaurant , according to the lawsuit . In addition , the lawsuit quotes Sterling as allegedly telling King that she had "  moved to the ghetto " and that "  Black people do not take care of their children . All they do is sit at home and smoke dope . " An attorney for Sterling , Bobby Samini , told CNN that King 's claim was "  baseless and ridiculous . " "  She was never employed by Donald Sterling , " he said . "  Her claim was obviously prompted by opportunistic motives . " Gloria Allred , King 's attorney , told CNN Tuesday that her client has "  quite a bit of evidence . We have voice mails . We have texts . " Allred said King returned to work for Sterling after having a "  problematic relationship " with him because she knew his girlfriend was V. Stiviano , the woman who released his now-infamous audio recording . "  She knew V. Stiviano was his girlfriend and she felt then she would n't have to have sex with him and she came back into his employ as his caretaker , " Allred said . The lawsuit claims that after King re-established contact with Sterling in late 2013 , he hired her as his "  personal assistant/caretaker " with an agreement to pay her $ 10,000 a month . However , the suit says , he "  dangled money only if she would have sex with him , " and she "  refused to perform many of the acts . " "  She was introduced as his caretaker . And she was promised wages and she was not paid those wages . So she is entitled to be paid for her work , and that 's what this lawsuit is all about , " Allred said . Sterling fired her after she protested against the alleged sexual harassment and racist remarks he allegedly made , the suit says . The lawsuit said King was at Sterling 's home one day when he was on the phone with former NBA star Earvin "  Magic " Johnson and she heard him make "  derogatory comments of a sexual and racial nature " about Johnson . Sterling 's public troubles began in April when TMZ posted a recording in which he was heard making racist comments . Sterling 's inflammatory remarks to Stiviano spawned outrage among NBA fans , players and executives . Chief among the latter was NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who banned Sterling from the league , fined him $ 2.5 million and pushed through a charge to terminate all of his ownership rights in the franchise . Sterling , an attorney and billionaire real estate mogul , is now fighting to keep his co-ownership of the NBA franchise . In the recording , Sterling argues with Stiviano about how she posted a photo of herself with Johnson to Instagram . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " Sterling says . "  If it 's white people , it 's OK ? " the woman responds . "  If it was Larry Bird , would it make a difference ? " Bird was also an NBA star who played with the Boston Celtics and a storied rival of Johnson , who played for the Los Angeles Lakers . Sterling 's camp , in turn , has filed a lawsuit , claiming that the NBA move to terminate his ownership "  is unconstitutional , in breach of contract , in restraint of trade , in breach of fiduciary duties and ... is malicious and oppressive . " The lawsuit seeks more than $ 1 billion from the NBA for its decision to ban him for life and force him to sell the franchise . It comes amid fresh questions about the 80-year-old 's mental state , raising the issue of how much control he has or should have with the Clipppers . Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , last week agreed to sell the Clippers to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for $ 2 billion . Official : Suspect in alleged Stiviano assault surrenders Sterling sues NBA for $ 1 billion as questions over his mental state loom CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Woman who worked for Sterling says he sexually harassed her , made racist remarks Maiko Maya King claims she had a romantic relationship with Sterling Lawsuit alleges Sterling "  dangled money only if " King would have sex with him
Washington  CNN  Hundreds of people gathered Saturday to show their support for law enforcement following nationwide protests of controversial police incidents in Ferguson , Missouri ; New York City and other areas . The group endured cold temperatures at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in downtown Washington , D.C. and marched more than a half dozen blocks toward a "  Sea of Blue " rally at the U.S. Capitol . Organizers put together the event to try to counter some of the anti-law enforcement sentiment expressed in the nationwide protests . Terrance Gainer , former sergeant at arms for the U.S. Senate , told the crowd that "  of 40 million encounters police will have with the public , 98.5 percent " of them are "  good and great , " and said cops should empathize with minority groups , who sometimes complain about their treatment at the hands of police . "  We all have something in common , " Gainer said . "  We ca n't forget who we are , and lose that in the job we have to do , which sometimes is very , very troubling , " Gainer said . Many speakers remembered loved ones killed in the line of duty . Event co-organizer Kelly Wince , whose husband is a police officer , told CNN that all professions include some bad actors , but most police are "  good officers " who put themselves in danger protecting the public . "  My husband leaves every night and I never say goodbye , I say ` stay safe ' and ' I love you , ' because I do n't know if he 's coming home tomorrow . " Wince said . Standing behind law enforcement officers is "  long overdue , " Wince said . "  Our officers need to know that our nation supports them . " No charges after Oklahoma police chief shot four times	"  Sea of Blue " march and rally held in nation 's capital It follows protests of controversial police incidents
New York  CNN  -- A new report saying that Iran could be secretly working on a nuclear weapon is a major development , but not one that should lead the U.S. to consider a military strike against the Tehran regime , according to analyst Fareed Zakaria . The draft report , obtained by CNN and not yet approved by the International Atomic Energy Agency 's board of governors , is the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency 's strongest warning yet that Iran could be aiming to build a nuclear bomb . Zakaria told CNN the report should spur U.S. diplomacy to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons but that talk by commentators outside the U.S. government of a potential military strike against Iran was wrongheaded . "  To be casually talking about military action because we 're getting frustrated seems to me somewhat dangerous , " he said . Iran 's Green Movement of protesters against the regime indicates that waiting could have its benefits , Zakaria said . "  At the end of the day , time is not on the side of this regime . It 's a dysfunctional regime that has run the economy into the ground , taken a great and open and proud nation and turned it into a kind of paranoid and closed one and which is clearly losing the support of young Iranians by the day . " Zakaria , author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " spoke to CNN on Thursday . CNN : The International Atomic Energy Agency has done a report saying that Iran could be at work on building a nuclear weapon . What do you think that means ? Fareed Zakaria : That 's a major development because so far we have not really been able to assess whether Iran has decided definitively that it wants nuclear weapons . We know that it wants a nuclear capacity -- that is clear -- and it wants a large nuclear capacity and one that is robust so that they have multiple production sites . But it has always seemed as though there were two views within the Iranian leadership . One was that Iran should develop a robust civilian nuclear capability and a robust missile program but that it should not put the two together because that would place it in clear violation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . There are clearly others in Iran who believe that Iran should simply have nuclear weapons . ... This would suggest that the harder line faction within Iran is winning out . We do n't know for sure because this is all guesswork frankly . ... CNN : What 's happening with the negotiations ? Zakaria : The Iranians have been playing a very peculiar negotiating game where they sometimes seem interested in negotiating but rarely do they actually engage in good faith . ... They rarely seem to engage in these with a consistent pattern with consistent positions -- which either means the leadership is very divided or they 're playing games . CNN : What 's your view about the wisdom of imposing new sanctions ? Zakaria : It probably is the only course available right now since the prospect of engaging with Iran and giving it positive inducements does not seem to be going anywhere . I also think the sanctions that are being talked about are fairly narrow and targeted at particularly the Republican Guard within the regime , which seems to be most powerful faction . And that 's the right approach to take . We know that generalized sanctions only hurt the average Iranian , and that is entirely counterproductive . CNN : What 's the impact of the domestic turbulence inside Iran , including the protest movement ? Zakaria : Nobody knows for sure , but it does seem to have confused the situation internally . -LSB- Iranian President Mahmoud -RSB- Ahmadinejad had made some conciliatory statements on the nuclear issue , which were then attacked by the opposition , and he retracted it , which suggests that he 's feeling the pressure . It suggests that there are divisions within the regime , there 's some sense of vulnerability . ... It just makes it more difficult to negotiate with them , but it also suggests it may not be the worst thing in the world to wait and watch how this plays out in Iran . CNN : What do you think about the military option ? Zakaria : The problems with the military option remain what they 've always been , and it 's a little alarming to see the way in which people are gravitating toward a military option , out of a sort of frustration that there is n't some magical solution here . The military option is certainly not a magical solution . It 's a very risky strategy with many potentially large , unintended consequences . A military strike would be a pre-emptive invasion of another country by the United States . It would not have any sanction in international law . It would not be supported by the vast majority of the world , and it would only delay rather than destroy the Iranian program . I 've talked to many military experts , and we do not seem to have the ability to completely destroy a program like this , partly because nuclear technology is after all not some cutting-edge technology . This is 60-year old technology , and there are lots of people in Iran who are trained scientists . It would also strengthen the hard-line elements within the regime , would weaken the Green Movement because they would have to come out in support of the regime , and against what would be a foreign attack on Iranian soil . It would inflame the Middle East and make tensions rise everywhere , including the two places where the U.S. has a huge stake and tens of thousands of troops -- Afghanistan and Iraq -- and it would put the moderate Arabs on the defense . It would have the effect of radicalizing the region . And those are pretty much the known consequences . ... Then , there 's always in the business of war , the unknown consequences . What would Iran 's reaction be ? ... What kind of militia operations could it fund in Iraq and Afghanistan that would directly kill Americans ? CNN : Do you think the administration is seriously contemplating military action ? Zakaria : I do n't think the administration is seriously contemplating it , but I 'm struck by the degree to which many outside commentators are doing it , and the danger is ... that the administration places itself in a box where it says things which leave it no option but to keep taking a harder and harder line . I do n't think it 's likely , but I do worry that there is a train which is leaving the station , which might end up in a military strike . CNN : Do you think Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been sounding the right note ? Zakaria : Absolutely . Secretary Clinton has been sounding the right note and being tough , making the point that they 're willing to engage with the Iranians if they are serious . I also think this most recent declaration by IAEA will make it easier for us to continue building a containment strategy against Iran , getting moderate Arab countries to ally with the United States , tacitly with Israel and against Iran politically and militarily within the region , get the Europeans even more strongly on board and most crucially get the Russians and the Chinese on board for sanctions in the U.N. -- further , tighter and tougher sanctions . CNN : Aside from sanctions and watchful waiting , is there anything else that should be done ? Zakaria : I think we should be supporting the Green Movement in Iran . I do n't think we need to do it in a dramatic and overt kind of way , which would probably be counterproductive . But there are ways in word and deed that the United States could make clear that we support the aspirations of those Iranians who want a more normal Iran , a more open democratic Iran , more engaged with the world . That is not inconsistent with us saying we want to negotiate with Iran . We did that with the Soviet Union . If there was a way for us to construct a containment strategy that at the same time left room for negotiations on the one hand and also left room for us to express our hopes and support for a different Iran in the future , that would be the best long-term strategy for us . ... It 's difficult to predict when and where things will change , but it 's difficult to imagine that 25 years from now Iran will still be run by this unholy alliance of a bunch of reactionary mullahs and power-hungry military leaders .	Draft report from U.N. watchdog agency says Iran could secretly be working on a nuclear bomb Fareed Zakaria says report is a major development , could spur new sanctions against Iran He says talk of a military strike against Iran is wrongheaded and dangerous Zakaria : Time not on the side of Iranian regime that 's suppressing Green Movement protesters
Tom Magliozzi , half of the "  Click and Clack " team of brothers who hosted NPR 's "  Car Talk " radio show , died Monday . He was 77 . NPR reported the death Monday afternoon . The cause was complications from Alzheimer 's disease , the radio network said . In a statement , his brother Ray remembered a jovial partner . "  We can be happy he lived the life he wanted to live ; goofing off a lot , talking to you guys every week , and primarily , laughing his ass off , " he said . For more than 25 years , "  Car Talk " has been one of NPR 's most popular shows , a laid-back free-for-all that 's only occasionally about cars . The brothers stopped doing original broadcasts two years ago , but archival material has kept their laughter on the air . A typical show featured Tom Magliozzi and Ray , 12 years his junior , taking questions from listeners about whether it was appropriate to buy a BMW roadster for a teenager , how to get the smell of a dead mouse out of an air-conditioning vent and whether relationships were worth pursuing with a partner who owned an old rattletrap . Tom Magliozzi had an old rattletrap himself , a 1963 Dodge Dart that was a constant source of fun for both brothers . In fact , most things were sources of fun for the brothers , whose uproarious laughter frequently punctuated the show . "  His laugh is the working definition of infectious laughter , " Doug Berman , the longtime producer of "  Car Talk , " told NPR . "  Before I ever met him , I heard him , and it was n't on the air . " Opinion : Who wo n't miss ` Car Talk ' laughter ? "  Car Talk " debuted in 1977 on Boston radio station WBUR . NPR picked it up in 1987 . The show was drawing about 4 million listeners at the time the brothers stopped making original broadcasts in 2012 . The network said in a statement that it continues to be a top-rated show . The two retired from the show in October of that year . "  We 've decided that it 's time to stop and smell the cappuccino , " Ray wrote on the show 's website . The two brothers did n't just talk cars . They also owned a Cambridge , Massachusetts  "  our fair city , " as they 've long called their home  , garage . Behind the laughter and advice were two smart men . Both Tom and Ray graduated from MIT . But after years as an engineer , Tom decided he 'd had enough . "  I quit my job , " he said . "  I became a bum . I spent two years sitting in Harvard Square drinking coffee . I invented the concept of the do-it-yourself auto repair shop , and I met my lovely wife . " The program inspired two TV shows -- one of them , "  The George Wendt Show , " ran for one season on CBS -- and at least two books . There 's also a website , cartalk.com , which features a daily car question and other information about automobiles and the brothers . NPR has been airing archival material since the Magliozzis stopped making original shows two years ago . Berman told NPR that Ray would like the shows to continue as a tribute to his brother . People we 've lost in 2014	Tom Magliozzi , the older "  Car Talk " brother , dies at 77 The cause of death was complications from Alzheimer 's , said NPR "  Car Talk " has long been one of NPR 's most popular shows The brothers stopped making original broadcasts in 2012 ; archives have continued
CNN  -- In a blog post late Wednesday , actress and avid gamer Felicia Day weighed in on the roiling #Gamergate controversy , saying that by doing so she feared retribution from someone who might leak personal details about her online . "  I have had stalkers and restraining orders issued in the past , I have had people show up on my doorstep when my personal information was HARD to get , " wrote Day , best known for her roles on the CW show "  Supernatural " and the web series "  The Guild . " She added : "  To have my location revealed to the world would give a entry point for a few mentally ill people who have fixated on me , and allow them to show up and make good on the kind of threats I 've received that make me paranoid to walk around a convention alone . " As it turns out , Day 's concerns were justified . Within an hour , an anonymous commenter had posted her real-world address and personal email . The practice , called "  doxxing , " involves publishing someone 's vulnerable personal information online as a form of punishment . The episode made Day the latest prominent woman to be harassed online over #Gamergate , the term for a loosely defined movement defending hardcore games and gamers against criticisms from feminists and others . Why #Gamergate wo n't die Some of the vitriol has spilled from the Internet into the physical world . In recent weeks , game designer Zoe Quinn , gaming critic Anita Sarkeesian and game designer Brianna Wu have all received threats of violence on Twitter and other platforms . Observers on Twitter noted this week that Day was targeted while notable #Gamergate critics who are male , such as actor Wil Wheaton and former NFL player Chris Kluwe , had escaped being "  doxxed " as of Thursday afternoon . In her essay , Day urged people not to let fears over #Gamergate drive them away from gaming . "  Games are beautiful , they are creative , they are worlds to immerse yourself in . They are art . And they are worth fighting for , even if the atmosphere is ugly right now , " she wrote . She later added : "  I know this entry will probably draw contempt from people in the Gamer Gate movement . Something to scorn , something to rile them up against me and everything I 've ever made . Especially , and most hurtfully , to mock my vulnerability . I just have one thing to say to you who do that : I 'm genuinely sorry you are so angry . " Share your views on #Gamergate By Thursday , the actress seemed to be taking a more optimistic view . "  I posted this essay yesterday afternoon on Tumblr . Yes , personal information was leaked shortly after , but the better thing to concentrate on is that the majority of replies were overwhelmingly kind and supportive on social media , " she wrote on Facebook . "  It gives me hope we can heal the world of games a bit . It needs it . " 40 % of Web users have been harassed	Actress Felicia Day wrote a blog post about the #Gamergate controversy Soon after , an anonymous commenter posted her real-world address online Episode made Day the latest prominent woman to be harassed over #Gamergate
New York  CNN  -- Legendary and curmudgeonly TV commentator Andy Rooney offered his final remarks Sunday on the news show "  60 Minutes , " capping a career that has spanned more than six decades . In his final essay , delivered around 8:15 p.m. , Rooney said , "  This is a moment I have dreaded . "  I wish I could do this forever . But I ca n't , " he said . "  But I 'm not retiring . Writers do n't retire , and I 'll always be a writer . " CBS announced Tuesday that the upcoming program , five days later , would be the last one for the 92-year-old award-winning writer , essayist and commentator . He has been with the network -- first as a writer for "  Arthur Godfrey 's Talent Scouts " -- since 1949 , and been part of the "  60 Minutes " crew since 1978 . "  There 's nobody like Andy , and there never will be . He 'll hate hearing this , but he 's an American original , " CBS News Chairman Jeff Fager said in a release announcing Rooney 's exit . The original essay offered Sunday was Rooney 's 1,097 th for the program . In it , he described himself simply , not as a "  television personality , " but rather as "  a writer who reads what he 's written . " "  A writer 's job is to tell the truth , " he said . "  I know I 've been terribly wrong sometimes , but I think I 've been right more than I 've been wrong . " Earlier in the show , Morley Safer -- himself a 79-year-old journalist and a "  60 Minutes " staple since 1970 -- interviewed Rooney about his personal and professional life . Rooney attended Colgate University until he was drafted into the Army in 1941 . In February 1943 , he was one of six correspondents who flew with the 8th Air Force on the first American bombing raid over Germany . Last year , Rooney received the Overseas Press Club of America President 's Award for these reports . The television commentator admitted Sunday that he does n't sign autographs and rarely responds to fan mail , telling Safer he did n't "  want to answer an idiot who would have the bad sense to write me a letter . " Rooney has also engendered controversy , such as his weekslong suspension in 1990 from "  60 Minutes " for remarks that offended some gay viewers . But he 's better known for his sharp commentaries and public persona as someone fed up with everything from desk clutter to chocolate chip cookies to door knobs . In his time at "  60 Minutes , " Rooney also has contributed many deeper pieces in the wake of events like the 1986 space shuttle Challenger explosion , the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing and the "  shock and awe " campaign to start the 2003 Iraq war -- a phrase he scathingly said "  makes us look like foolish braggarts . " Safer described his longtime colleague as "  America 's favorite grouch-in-chief , " saying Rooney used his "  loud whiny voice ... speaking up for citizens fed up with everything . " "  There have been many curmudgeons on television over its long history , " Safer said affectionately . "  None has been so long serving in that role as Mr. Rooney . "	NEW : Morley Safer says Rooney spoke up "  for citizens fed up with everything " In his final essay , Rooney says , "  I wish I could do this forever , but I ca n't " Andy Rooney has been with CBS since 1949 and with "  60 Minutes " since 1978 He delivered 1,097 original essays during his time on the TV news prorgram
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Suspected Taliban militants blew up a government-run school Monday in Pakistan 's violence-plagued Swat Valley , bringing to 183 the number of schools destroyed since fighting began in the area six months ago , officials said . Students gather outside a destroyed school on January 17 in Kundar in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . A day earlier , radical cleric Maulana Fazlullah threatened to kill more than four dozen government officials if they did not appear before him for opposing the Taliban . Local newspapers on Monday printed the list of 50 government officials and tribal elders whom Fazlullah has threatened with death . The boy 's high school that was destroyed was located in Mingora , the valley 's main city , said Sher Afzal Khan , an education officer for Swat . The attack occurred early Monday and no one was wounded . Swat Valley , located in North West Frontier Province , was once Pakistan 's biggest tourist destination . It is situated near the Afghanistan border and about 186 miles  300 km  from the capital city of Islamabad . The valley boasted the country 's only ski resort and was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts until it was overrun by militants , led by Fazlullah . He has launched a violent and deadly campaign to enforce Taliban-style fundamentalist Islamic laws throughout the province . The militants want to require veils for women and beards for men , and to ban music and television . The central government has long exerted little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants . As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban has carried out a series of deadly bombings , and has said the attacks will continue until the troops pull out . Elsewhere in the North West Frontier Province , a blast killed five people and wounded 15 others Monday morning , officials said . The bomb , planted on a bicycle , went off in the town of Dera Ismail Khan , said Mohammad Riaz of the province 's police force . It killed shopkeepers and pedestrians , added the town 's police chief , Abdul Rashid . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Blast targets boy 's high school in Mingora , Swat Valley Monday attack marks 183rd school destroyed in past six months of fighting Hundreds of people killed in wave of violence across North West Frontier Province
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Academy Award winner Nicolas Cage has pretty much got this acting thing down . After all , he started acting at the age of 15 and , well , he 's got that Oscar . Nicolas Cage says that Academy Awards are "  not as important as children and making them happy . " So he does n't really need to deliver another gut-wrenching performance to demonstrate his chops . In fact , he can deviate from a traditional film and venture into animated territory . He 's voiced animated characters in the past , but in Disney 's new 3-D tale "  G-Force , " Cage lends his voice to a mole . Speckles the star-nosed mole comes to life thanks to the film 's impressive digital animation and Cage 's voice . At first it 's unclear that Cage is the voice behind Speckles , because he changes his sound for the critter , er , character . CNN talked to Cage about playing a mole , animated films and his taking walks in the forest . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : What do you play in this film ? Nicolas Cage : I 'm playing Speckles , the mole , and he 's an outsider . He 's an iconoclast -- he does n't fit in . He does n't get into the fray with the "  G-Force , " the other guinea pigs . But his IQ is off the charts , and he 's a technological wizard . CNN : So , you 're an Academy Award-winning actor , and you decided to play  this role  . How did this come about ? Cage : To me , nothing 's more sacred than the magical world of children , and with everything that 's going on in the world , it gets increasingly more challenging to keep our kids smiling -- people are losing their jobs , families are tense . So anything I can do to give families something to look forward to and to put a smile back on children 's faces -- I 'm gon na do . Disney has a great tradition of enchanting children and giving them something to behold . I mean , you mention Academy Awards -- I mean , that 's not as important as children and making them happy . CNN : Tell me about your voice : Why did you decide to really change it when you read the script ? Cage : Mel Blanc is a hero because of what he could do with his voice for all the Looney Tunes , the Warner Brothers cartoons , to be the voice of Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , Elmer Fudd , Porky Pig . To me , he 's a great actor . I mean , one of the great character actors , and I knew that if I was gon na be in this movie , I 'd want to do something like that and transform my voice . CNN : So you 're clearly comfortable playing a mole ? Cage : I 'm comfortable with the mole , yeah . I mean , yeah , he 's different , he 's got issues , you know ? I do n't want a perfect character , I want a character who has , as strange as it sounds , some humanity , some flaws , some needs . But to be fair , I 'm not in a lot of this movie . This is Darwin 's movie , um Sam Rockwell and Penelope Cruz 's movie -- they 're the stars . I 'm only in it at the beginning and the end . CNN : You seem to be a big fan of animated films . Cage : I do enjoy animated movies . I really love anime and movies like "  Spirited Away " and "  Howl 's Moving Castle . " I like movies where you feel like you 're going into another world , and no matter how many times you watch it , you 're gon na see something new in that world . That level of detail really inspires me . CNN : Is there less pressure doing an animated film and lending your voice to a character as opposed to a traditional film ? Cage : Well , you do n't have the pressure of the camera . And that 's -- that 's very liberating . And you do n't have the pressure of other actors trying to remember their dialogue or not being in rhythm with you . The challenge though is , these movies take years to make , and I may not be in the same state of mind I was in a year ago or two years ago , and then they tend to pull you out of wherever you are and put you back in a box , and then try to get the voice out of you again , so that 's the rub . CNN : Have you gotten pretty good at honing your skills when it comes to choosing roles , or is it always a risk ? Cage : I mean it is always a gamble . You never know what 's gon na happen with a movie . But I think it 's more of a matter of , am I doing something that I believe in on any level ? Like , am I going to entertain children , or am I going to make a movie that I can stand by because it means well on some level ? That 's becoming more and more a part of the criteria . CNN : How do you think you 've changed as an actor throughout your career ? Cage : I think I 've become more relaxed . I do n't feel the need to jump up and down and make a big noise to get people to pay attention to me . I do n't need to um , you know , do punk rock gestures or eat a cockroach or do something weird to say I exist . I feel like I 'm hearing a different kind of sound now . It 's a much more subtle sound , but it 's still a truthful sound , that I can express myself in , in roles that are much more relaxed and seasoned as opposed to boisterous and rock and roll . CNN : What 's inspiring to you , in every day . Cage : Well , I find children inspiring . The way they look at the world . The magical world they live in , to me , is inspiring . I like -- I mean , I 'm afraid I 'm gon na answer your questions and sound like a complete nature addict here , but uh , I like nature , I enjoy going for walks , I like the ocean , I like the forest . CNN : Is that what you do when you 're not working , that 's important to you in your life ? Cage : Yes . Yes , I like to go for walks in the forest .	Nicolas Cage voices character of Speckles the mole in "  G-Force " Disney 's "  G-Force " opens in U.S. theaters on Friday , July 24 "  I like movies where you feel like you 're going into another world , " Cage says
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela , anti-apartheid icon , Nobel peace laureate and South Africa 's first black president , celebrated his 90th birthday Friday by doing something he had indicated he would not do again -- grant an interview to journalists . Mandela sits at the 6th Nelson Mandela Lecture in Soweto , Johannesburg . A cheerful-looking Mandela welcomed CNN 's Robyn Curnow , along with reporters from two other organizations , into the sitting room of his home in Qunu , a small village in the rolling hills of South Africa 's eastern Cape region where he grew up . "  What day is this ? " Mandela joked , pretending not to realize it was his birthday . He used a smile to dodge Curnow 's first question of what was his favorite memory from his long life . He did say he was very happy to have lived to be 90 . Mandela credited his longevity to the way he conducted his life . He is known to be disciplined with his diet and exercise . Asked if , in hindsight , he wishes he had spent more time with his family , he answered yes . "  I do n't regret it because the things that attracted me were things that pleased my soul . " Graca Machel , whom he married on his 80th birthday , sat nearby and Mandela was surrounded by grandchildren . Watch what Mandela 's grandchildren have to say " Mandela then lamented the gap between rich and poor in South Africa . "  Poverty still grips our people . If you 're poor , you 're not likely to live for long , " he said . Watch CNN 's Mandela interview " This was Mandela 's first meeting with reporters since he announced in 2004 that he would give no more interviews . While he stayed out of the spotlight over the last four years , he has stayed busy with his charitable causes . All week residents of Qunu , 600 miles south of Johannesburg , have been making preparations for the celebrations . Events planned include a soccer festival , a pop concert and lunch for 500 politicians , veterans of the anti-apartheid struggle and other guests at his home Saturday . An exhibition of letters that children wrote to Mandela and the late U.S. civil rights campaigner Rosa Parks will be displayed at the Nelson Mandela Museum , a short distance from his house . "  We are very excited , " local school principal Mpondomise Ndzambo told the Associated Press , sitting in his office beneath a photograph of the former president . "  Usually these celebrations are done in Johannesburg , so this is a way of being part of it . " Send your birthday messages In 1964 , a court sentenced Mandela to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government by violence . He spent the first 18 years at Robben Island Prison , off Cape Town , South Africa , and later spent time at Pollsmoor prison and Victor Verster Prison , closer to the mainland . While in prison , Mandela became recognized as the most significant black leader in South Africa , and he became a potent symbol of resistance in the anti-apartheid movement . Mandela consistently refused to compromise his political position to obtain his freedom . South Africa 's last apartheid-era president who also served as Mandela 's vice president , F.W. de Klerk , released Mandela in February 1990 after 27 years in prison . Mandela was elected president of the African National Congress the following year , and in 1994 , he was elected president of his country . As South Africa 's first black president -- he only ran for one term -- Mandela ushered in a democratic , multiracial society that is still going strong . In a fitting tribute de Klerk described Mandela as "  one of the greatest figures of the 20th century , " AP reported . Mandela 's recent birthday tribute concert in London 's Hyde Park marked the 20 year anniversary of the Free Mandela event that was held in the same city to demand his release from prison . During the concert a frail Mandela told cheering fans , "  Your voices carried across the water to inspire us in our prison cells far away . Tonight , we can stand before you free . "  We are honored to be back in London for this wonderful occasion . "  But even as we celebrate , let us remind ourselves that our work is far from complete . "  Where there is poverty and sickness , including AIDS , where human beings are being oppressed , there is more work to be done . Our work is for freedom for all . " Proceeds from the London concert went toward the 46664 Campaign , which Mandela founded in 2003 to raise awareness about the impact of AIDS , especially in Africa , and to promote HIV-prevention measures around the world . The name of the charity represents Mandela 's prison number when he was incarcerated at Robben Island . Organizers put 46,664 tickets up for sale .	Mandela : Called on the rich to help the poor in birthday interview It was Mandela 's first meeting with reporters since 2004 F.W. de Klerk : Mandela "  one of the greatest figures of the 20th century " While in prison , Mandela became most significant black leader in South Africa
CNN  -- A Kentucky Chihuahua is expected to make a full recovery after a freak accident that left a large barbecue fork lodged in his head for days , according to the animal hospital where he was treated . During a family gathering two weeks ago , 12-week-old Smokey was waiting to be fed as his owner used the fork to shoo another dog away from Smokey 's food , Su Smith , vice president of Cumberland Valley Animal Hospital in London , Kentucky , wrote in an article on the hospital 's Web site . As owner Vickie Brumley of Manchester , Kentucky , waved the fork , the handle broke off and the fork end was flung through the air , embedding itself several inches into Smokey 's head . Smokey immediately ran into the woods , Smith wrote . For two days , his owner 's family searched for him despite bad weather and finally came to the conclusion that he had either died of his injury or been killed by wildlife . Brumley 's brother , Hughie Wagers , was visiting his sister and sitting on the porch when Smokey came up the driveway with the fork still sticking out of his head , Smith wrote . He rushed him to the animal hospital . "  They arrived at 6:59 p.m. , right as we were about to lock up , " hospital staffer Michelle Duncum told CNN . "  Mr. Wagers walked into the hospital and asked if we could please help him . " Staffers were shocked when they saw Smokey , she said . "  We had never dealt with anything like this before . " Veterinarian Keaton Smith knew Smokey 's treatment might be expensive and spoke with Wagers about options , Smith wrote . Keaton Smith offered to treat Smokey at the hospital 's expense if Wagers allowed the hospital to call media outlets about the Chihuahua 's story . However , staffers wanted to make sure Smokey would live through the night first before calling anyone , Su Smith said . It only took the veterinarian about 30 seconds to remove the fork from Smokey 's head , Duncum said . And when the veterinarian arrived at the hospital the next morning , July 8 , he found Smokey "  recovering much better than expected , " Su Smith wrote . Smokey has been advised to take it easy for a few weeks , but is expected to fully recover , Duncum said . The Chihuahua 's owner did not immediately return a call seeking comment from CNN . "  Dr. Smith asks everyone who believes this is a cruelty case to ` please back off ' and stop jumping to unfounded conclusions , " Su Smith wrote . "  If you have never had an accident of any kind , you may cast the first stone , but there will be no criminal charges filed in this case . "	Broken fork accidentally gets stuck in Chihuahua 's head Smokey ran into the woods , owners could n't find him for two days Pet is "  recovering much better than expected , " vet says
CNN  Alex Thomas : "  Thanks for inviting us from CNN to Madrid . What have you got to tell us ? " Luis Figo : "  Well , today is important because I will present my candidacy for the president of FIFA . " AT : "  Big , big announcement , what made you decide to want to try to become the next FIFA president ? " LF : "  The important thing is the love of football . I care about football so what I am seeing regarding the image of FIFA , not only now but in the past years , I do n't like it . "  I 've been talking with so many people . Important people in football , football players , managers , presidents of federation , all these things they have to be done . "  Last year was a World Cup year and I was in Brazil and I saw the reaction of the fans regarding the image of FIFA . I think something had to be changed . A change in leadership , change in governance , in transparency and in solidarity , so I think it is the moment for that . " AT : "  You say you do n't like what people have been saying to you about FIFA 's image . What have they been telling you ? " LF : "  Well all the people have the idea that a world organization like FIFA , an organization that has the power to , and the image of football for the world must be different . "  If you search right now FIFA , you know , on the internet , or communications ... you see the first words that comes out are scandal -- not positive words regarding the name of FIFA . So instead we have to change first and try to improve the nature of FIFA in the world because football deserves much better than this . " AT : "  To get to the election you need to be nominated by five national associations and you need to show that you 've worked in football for two of the last five years . Have you got those criteria ? " LF : "  Well I know well the criteria for the candidate of the presidency of FIFA . In the past years I have been working in several roles in Inter Milan , in Portuguese national team , in UEFA , and I have the five letters of support from the different kind of national teams so I can say I am real candidate . After today I 'm looking forward to opening debate and to run for the presidency , and try to have the support of federations and have the chance to be president . " AT : "  Are you able to tell us which five associations have backed you ? One is probably obvious . " LF : "  Well I think in the right moment this is going to be public . I 'm going to preserve that confidentiality right now . " AT : "  Tell us more about your work since retiring as a player , an amazing 20-year career . Since 2009 what has your work in football involved ? " LF : "  Since I retired I started to work with Inter Milan for international relations . I was in that position for four years , and after the regulation , the changing of the new president in the club , so I left and began working for the Portuguese national team , and UEFA and commenting on football , so I 'm pretty happy with what I made since I retired . "  But I care about football and I care about what is going on right now , and FIFA has made me do this step so I 'm trying to do some positive steps . " AT : "  Being FIFA president is probably more complicated than it looks . Are you ready to learn all the technical rules and regulations that you need to ? " LF : "  Well I know that . I think if you give this step you have to be prepared . Of course , I 've done my homework , but I have a lot of things that I have to learn and to improve . "  Of course I have my ideas about football , what is good for playing and for FIFA right now . But I think my experience of my career , my own life , is a positive thing that allows me to understand how is the game , and of course I need to know from the federations -- what they expect and what they want for the future of football . " AT : "  So you 're announcing today that you 're in the running to be FIFA president , but how long have you been thinking about it ? Was there one moment that made you think I have to run ? " LF : "  Well I 've been thinking regarding this possibility a few months , been talking of course with my family , with the people who are close to me , a lot of agents in football , players , managers , a lot of people . "  There was a moment , after it became public that FIFA ordered to investigate by doing some report about what was happening in bids of Russia and Qatar . After that moment and after that report was not published , I think that was the moment of change and the moment that I saw something needed to be done . " AT : "  What made you so annoyed about that moment ? When Michael Garcia had to resign because he thought not enough had been done . " LF : "  Well because if you are transparent and if you ask for some investigation , for some report , if you 've got nothing to hide , why do n't you make public that report ? I think that if you have nothing to hide about that , if you 're very clear , you have to do it . " AT : "  So if you were FIFA president would you reopen that investigation and make that report public ? " LF : "  Well if it was the easy thing to do , if all the people were doubting about what 's happening , if it comes from FIFA to order that report ... after that , if you do n't publish I think it 's not the right decision . " AT : "  And if you were FIFA president , on your first day in the job what 's the number one priority ? " LF : "  My first priority is know from the federations what they need , but I think one important thing that I have made is to increase the solidarity payments to the federations , because right now FIFA has so many financial reserves that belong to the federations . And with that kind of solidarity payments I think federations can have the chance to improve all the programs at the grassroots . " AT : "  You 're not the first person to announce they want to stand . Others have been accused of doing it as publicity stunts . How can you reassure people that you 're in this for the right reasons ? " LF : "  Well I respect all the other candidates . I think I do n't need to be a candidate of FIFA to get ahead . I had a fantastic career and I am very proud of playing at the highest level for so many years that I do n't need to be known to this kind of campaign or this kind of publicity , to be running for president . " AT : "  Are you getting paid ? " LF : "  No I 'm not getting paid , fortunately I have a situation that allows me to pay for my candidacy ... I am lucky that I can pay my travels and support those expenses . " AT : "  You married a Swedish model , you have three lovely daughters , you were world footballer of the year , Ballon D'or winner , won league titles , in Spain with Barcelona and Real Madrid and Italy when you were at Inter Milan , you won the Champions League , you reached the final of Euro 2004 , why put yourself through this ? " LF : "  Because I love football , I care about football . I think that life is a challenge and if you do n't take the step to improve obviously that is not correct . I think if you do n't have challenges every day ... For me , it 's about giving back to football so many things that football gives to me through my life . "  I think that is most important . I think we have to care about the future of football . Try to restore the leadership , try to restore the governance , how the organization is right now , being transparent . And we saw that with the federations , I think this is the point that make me to give this step . " AT : "  Is Sepp Blatter beatable ? " LF : "  Well I think no one is untouchable in this life and if you think like that you 're wrong . Of course this is a person that is running the organization for so long , since 1998 and for a lot of people he may be the favorite but I have to hope . "  I can say that for me it 's a fantastic challenge to try to convince people to follow me and to support me . "  I have so many examples in football that play against the strongest team , can play against the weakest team , and you never know who is going to win . Sometimes you think that you 're going to lose and you win , and sometimes you think we 're going to win and you lose . That is the beauty of sport . That is the beauty of this challenge . " AT : "  This is harder than being a goal down , with five minutes to go , is n't it ? " LF : "  Well it 's not easy , you have to believe . The impossible is nothing in this life . "	Luis Figo believes FIFA President Sepp Blatter is not "  untouchable " Figo tells CNN he has had enough of all the "  scandal " at FIFA He is not being paid to stand and says "  football deserves much better than this "
Washington  CNN  -- A Saudi national living in Texas was arrested Wednesday for allegedly researching and acquiring chemicals to make a bomb , authorities said Thursday . Khalid Ali-M Aldawsari , 20 , of Lubbock , Texas , allegedly researched several possible targets , including the Dallas home of former President George W. Bush . along with nuclear power plants and hydroelectric dams . Aldawsari was arrested in Lubbock on a federal charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction in connection with his alleged purchase of chemicals and equipment necessary to make an improvised explosive device , according to the Justice Department . Aldawsari is expected to make his initial appearance in federal court in Lubbock Friday morning , the Department of Justice said . Aldawsari , who was lawfully admitted into the United States in 2008 on a student visa and is enrolled at South Plains College near Lubbock , faces a maximum sentence of life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , officials said . According to court records , Aldawsari conducted online research into how to construct an improvised explosive device , or IED , using several chemicals as ingredients . He has also "  acquired or taken a substantial step toward acquiring most of the ingredients and equipment " needed for the bomb , documents said . Authorities said Aldawsari described his desire for violent jihad and martyrdom in blog postings and a personal journal . Aldawsari conducted research on various targets and e-mailed himself information on these locations and people , the Justice Department said . On February 6 , the affidavit alleges , Aldawsari sent himself an email titled "  Tyrant 's House , " in which he listed the Dallas address for former President George W. Bush , investigators said . In a personal journal found in Aldawsari 's apartment home , Aldawsari wrote the events of September 11 , 2001 , had produced a "  big change " in his thinking and that he had been inspired by the speeches of Osama bin Laden , the affidavit said . He had excelled in high school in order to take advantage of scholarship opportunities offered by Saudi companies to get to the United States , he wrote , and had been planning to commit a terrorist attack in the United States for years , according to the affidavit . Aldawsari allegedly wrote the scholarship "  will help tremendously in providing me with the support I need for Jihad . " The entry continued : "  And now , after mastering the English language , learning how to build explosives and continuous planning to target the infidel Americans , it is time for Jihad , " the affidavit says . Aldawsari 's alleged plan first came to the attention of authorities only three weeks ago , on January 30 , when Con-way Freight , a shipping company , became suspicious after Aldawsari allegedly called the company and asked it to hold a package for him . Con-way Freight company officials told police it had no relationship with Aldawsari that would have allowed him to use the company as a shipping location , officials said . Investigators learned the shipment involved the toxic chemical -- phenol -- which can be used in making the explosive trinitrophenol , also known as TNP or picric acid . On February 8 , an FBI agent posing as an employee of the North Carolina supply company that sent the chemicals called Aldawsari and asked why he wished to purchase the phenol , according to the records . Aldaswari falsely told the supplier he was associated with a university and wanted the chemical for "  off-campus , personal research , " the affidavit says . Frustrated by his inability to obtain the chemicals , Aldawsari canceled the order and later e-mailed himself instructions for producing phenol . The affidavit alleges that Aldawsari also e-mailed himself instructions on how to convert a cellular phone into a remote detonator and how to prepare a booby-trapped vehicle using items available in every home . One email allegedly contained a message stating that "  one operation in the land of the infidels is equal to 10 operations against occupying forces in the land of the Muslims . " During December 2010 and January 2011 , Aldawsari allegedly purchased many other items , including a gas mask , a hazardous materials suit , a soldering iron kit , glass beakers and flasks , wiring , a stun gun , clocks and a battery tester . Authorities said Aldawsari described his desire for violent jihad and martyrdom in blog postings , using the online user name "  fromfaraway90 . " He expressed dissatisfaction with the current condition of Muslims , lamenting what he viewed as their passivity and pacifism , according to the affidavit . In another email to himself , titled "  NICE TARGETS , " he listed two categories of targets : hydroelectric dams and nuclear power plants , the affidavit said . Other e-mails sent to himself , with the subject line "  Targets , " contained the names and home addresses of three people who had previously served in the U.S. military at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , authorities alleged . "  As alleged in the complaint , Aldawsari purchased ingredients to construct an explosive device and was actively researching potential targets in the United States . Thanks to the efforts of many agents , analysts and prosecutors , this plot was thwarted before it could advance further , " said David Kris , who is assistant attorney general for national security . "  This case serves as another reminder of the need for continued vigilance both at home and abroad . " A spokesman for former President Bush referred calls to the Secret Service . President Barack Obama was informed about the operation before the arrest was made , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro said . "  The president thanks the FBI , Department of Justice , and the rest of our law enforcement , intelligence and Homeland Security professionals who continue to keep us safe and who once again have served with extraordinary skill and with the commitment that their enormous responsibilities demand , " Shapiro said . South Plains College said that it had been notified that one of its students had been detained , but did n't have further information on the arrest . A spokeswoman said that Aldawsari was a transfer student who had been at their college for only six weeks . CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Khalid Ali-M Aldawsari was a transfer student at South Plains College He is accused of planning to attack targets in Texas He faces a charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction
CNN  -- Argentine singer Mercedes Sosa , known as "  the voice of Latin America " for her songs about the plight of the poor , died Sunday , according to an announcement on her Web site . She was 74 . Argentine singer Mercedes Sosa died at a Buenos Aires clinic and had reportedly suffered from several ailments . "  On this day , in the city of Buenos Aires , Argentina , we must inform you that Mrs. Mercedes Sosa , one of the greatest artists of Latin American popular music , has left us , " the Web site said . Sosa died at a Buenos Aires clinic , and had suffered from liver , kidney and heart ailments , the Washington Post reported . Born on July 9 , 1935 , in San Miguel de Tucuman , Argentina , Sosa produced 40 albums during her musical career , and performed at places such as the Sistine Chapel at the Vatican and New York 's Carnegie Hall . She also served as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador for Latin America . "  Her voice always carried a profound message of social engagement through folk-roots music , without prejudice , " according to the Web site . She formed part of the New Song movement in Latin America , which combined folk song traditions with contemporary music that often featured political messages in its lyrics . When a military junta took over Argentina in 1976 , many of her albums were banned , and Sosa left in exile to Paris , France , and Madrid , Spain . She returned to her homeland in 1982 . Sosa won various Latin Grammy awards . Her most recent nomination came last year for her latest album , "  Cantora 1 . " She was known throughout Latin America and Europe , with one of her most popular songs titled "  Gracias a la Vida , " the Web site said . "  Her undeniable talent , her honesty and her deep convictions left a tremendous legacy for future generations . Admired and respected throughout the world , Mercedes is recognized as a symbol of our cultural heritage that will represent us forever , " the Web site said . "  She lived her 74 years to the fullest , " Sosa 's son , Fabian Matus , said . "  She had done practically everything she wanted , she did n't have any type of barrier or any type of fear that limited her . " A viewing was to be held Sunday afternoon at the Salon de los Pasos Perdidos in the Congress of the Nation in Buenos Aires , according to Sosa 's Web site . CNN en Espaol 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	Singer Mercedes Sosa "  lived her 74 years to the fullest , " her son says She had suffered from liver , kidney and heart ailments , Washington Post reports "  Her voice always carried a profound message of social engagement , " her site says Viewing to be held Sunday at the Congress of the Nation in Buenos Aires
CNN  -- The Band Perry has stepped in to help with expenses to bury a mother and eight children who were killed in a house fire in Greenville , Kentucky . The offer follows news that only two family members -- the father , Chad J. Watson , and an 11-year-old girl -- survived the fire Thursday morning . The country trio 's representatives contacted the Watson family and offered to take care of all the expenses , Watson family friend Pam Burden said . The group also offered to pay hotel expenses for family members staying near the medical center where the two are being treated , she said . "  I do n't know why The Band Perry reached out to the family other than they are just very gracious , " Burden said . "  The family does n't have any personal connection to the band before now . " The Band Perry 's publicist , Brian Bumbery , confirmed the group 's offer . Watson is listed in critical condition , and his daughter is in stable condition at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , Burden said . The mother was identified as 35-year-old LaRae Watson . The eight children who died in the fire ranged in age from 4 to 15 . Investigators have ruled the fire accidental , according to Kentucky State Police . "  It appears that an electric baseboard heater located in a bedroom ignited some nearby combustibles , " it said in a statement . Greenville is a small city , with a population of just 4,300 and a median income of $ 39,000 . As news of the group 's offer spread , hundreds of people posted messages of gratitude on the band 's Facebook page . "  I 'm a volunteer firefighter here in Muhlenberg County and I want to thank you for your generosity and support you have given to the Watson family , " wrote Willam Michael Vick . "  You guys are truly amazing . " The Band Perry , made up of siblings Kimberly , Neil and Reid Perry , burst onto the country music scene in 2010 with their self-titled debut album , which spawned the hit single "  If I Die Young . " The group released its sophomore album "  Pioneer " in 2013 . The band is set to perform Sunday as part of the Super Bowl XLVIII pregame show in East Rutherford , New Jersey . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	The Band Perry will pay for burial costs for nine people killed in a house fire , publicist says The mother , LaRae Watson , and eight of her children , ages 4 to 15 , died Thursday The father , Chad Watson , and an 11-year-old girl are being treated for injuries Authorities say the cause of the Kentucky fire appears to be accidental
CNN  -- Climate protesters demonstrating against Donald Trump 's plans for a sports resort broke into a Scottish airport Tuesday , setting up a small golf course and scaling the roof of a terminal building . Climate protesters broke into Aberdeen Airport in the early hours of Tuesday to demonstrate against plans for expansion . Flights at Aberdeen airport were returning to normal by midday after the activists breached the security fence overnight , the airport authority said . Nine members of Plane Stupid , which campaigns against airport expansion and aviation-related climate change , entered the airport grounds at about 2:15 a.m. Tuesday  9:15 p.m. Monday ET  , the group said . A spokesman for the airport called the protest "  dangerous and highly irresponsible . " By mid-morning , the seven members on the ground had been arrested , but the two protesters remained on the roof , group spokesman Leo Mullay told CNN . He explained that the group is against plans to expand the one-runway airport for the American millionaire 's planned golf resort in the region . "  It 's going to cause a huge increase in emissions , " Mullay said . "  There 's simply no capacity within our carbon budget for more flying . " Trump 's plans call for a golf resort to be built on 1,400 acres along Scotland 's northeast coast , just north of Aberdeen , according to the resort 's Web site . Trump International Golf Links , Scotland , is to feature two championship-caliber golf courses and a five-star luxury hotel . Trump 's resort is in the planning stages , project director Neil Hobday told CNN . But he rejected the idea that the airport is expanding because of the Trump resort . "  The runway issue has been going on long before we got here , " Hobday told CNN . It 's "  nothing to do with us . They were going to lengthen the runway whether we were here or not . " The protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport , a major gateway for Scotland and one of Europe 's busiest heliports , airport officials said . Outbound flights resumed just after 9 a.m.  4 a.m. ET  , but there remained some delays and cancellations , according to the airport 's Web site . "  Despite the runway being open and available for use , the earlier protest is likely to cause some knock-on disruption during the course of the day and passengers are being asked to check the status of their flight , " an airport statement said .	Protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport , a major gateway for Scotland Donald Trump plans a golf resort on a 1,400-acre site alongside Scotland 's NE coast Activists claim that the airport in nearby Aberdeen will have to expand as a result Trump project director : Runway issue was ongoing long before we got here
CNN Student News  -- October 28 , 2011 Media Literacy Question of the Day What tools could you use in a news report to put the world 's population in perspective ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What is the currency used by the 17 nations of the eurozone ? * * 2 . U.S. Ambassador Robert Ford was pulled out of what nation this week due to concerns about his personal safety ? * * 3 . What Asian country declared five holidays , beginning on Thursday , as a result of severe flooding ? * * 4 . What U.S. statue was dedicated on October 28 , 1886 ? * * 5 . What nation are almost 39,000 U.S. troops scheduled to leave by the end of the year ? * * 6 . What country was struck by a devastating 7.2-magnitude earthquake on Sunday ? * * 7 . In what Islamic nation did women burn veils and head scarves in a protest on Wednesday ? * * 8 . A group of U.S. senators is pushing for a ban on chewing tobacco in what professional sports league ? * * 9 . More than 80 percent of what North African country 's registered voters participated in an election on Sunday ? * * 10 . According to the United Nations , on what date is the global human population expected to reach 7 billion people ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- A federal judge wants to see secret videotapes showing terror suspects forcibly removed from their cells at the Guantanamo Bay military prison . The sharply worded order from Judge John Bates , of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , was issued late Wednesday in a lawsuit brought by relatives of Kuwaiti inmates being held at the overseas facility in Cuba . At issue is whether the Pentagon can withhold these kinds of government records -- including various media material -- that would be an invasion of privacy , or involve "  internal rules and practices of an agency . " The defendants in a lawsuit demanded access under a Freedom of Information Act request , claiming military guards have been mistreating the four prisoners , including the alleged "  forced cell extractions "  FCEs  . After three previous orders to speed up delivery of the material or justify withholding it , the judge appeared miffed at the government 's latest efforts to hinder release of the 45 videotapes and one audiotape in question . A previous "  last chance " admonition by the judge apparently was not met by the Justice Department . "  Attempts by the Department to ` correct ' or supplement its prior submissions have resulted in further obfuscation , " said Bates , who said he now needs to see the disputed tapes for himself . "  The written  descriptive  submissions provided by the Department simply do not allow the court meaningfully to assess whether the claimed exemptions actually apply . " Federal officials had said access to the tapes by the plaintiffs or to the public at large would violate the privacy , and perhaps endanger the safety , of the U.S. guards seen removing the foreign prisoners . But the court was skeptical such exemptions would apply . "  No argument has been made here that the videos relate to ` issues of employee relations and human resources ' nor would such an argument be viable based on the record currently before the court , " wrote Bates , who was nominated by former President George W. Bush just a week before the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks . "  The court will order that a representative sample of the videorecordings be produced " for review by the judge in private , in his chambers . Bates would then have the discretion to turn over the material to the defense , which could later be presented at any trial . The current lawsuit was filed four years ago , and is one of several brought by Gitmo detainees over their treatment and continued custody without charges or trial . The case is International Counsel Bureau v. U.S. Department of Defense  cv-08-1063  .	Order was issued in a suit brought by relatives of Kuwaiti inmates at Gitmo Secret tapes show terror suspects being forcibly removed from their cells Judge says he must see the tapes to decide whether they can be used as evidence He had issued three previous orders to speed up delivery or justify withholding them
As the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 continues , both the Malaysian government and the airline have come under sharp criticism . Some say that all involved parties , including the manufacturer Boeing , are circling their wagons and bracing for a long public relations siege while the families of the missing passengers continue to grieve . Meanwhile , others have stepped in to help the relatives of the passengers . One group of emissaries from the United States has traveled across the globe at their own expense to offer assistance to the grieving families . However , instead of being welcomed , their arrival was reported with thinly veiled revulsion . I 'm talking about the lawyers . The lawyers were described in reports as "  descending " on the scene and "  hovering " around the families . Apparently , stereotypes about the legal profession exist around the world . But the bias toward lawyers is logically indefensible . Malaysia Airlines and Boeing are not charities These gigantic corporations are legally obligated to minimize their financial exposure . This means that every move they make is strategically calculated against their legal adversaries . And those adversaries are civilians . More specifically , they are bereaved mothers , fathers and other family members of those who were aboard Flight 370 . Talk about David vs. Goliath . How well do you know the Montreal Convention ? The Montreal Convention is an international treaty signed by 97 countries that addresses the liability of air carriers in international flights . It contains strict limitations on the time in which a claim may be brought . It holds a carrier strictly liable in the approximate amount of $ 175,000 per passenger in the case of an "  accident . " However , if a plaintiff is seeking an amount in excess of the prescribed  approximately  $ 175,000 , the convention permits the carrier to prove the damage was not due to the negligence of the carrier or was solely due to the negligence of another party . So , the airlines may be able to legally minimize their loss to only $ 175,000 per person if they can blame someone or something else . It is widely agreed that American courts will be the best venue for the families , but the convention has strict rules about where the families can file suit . If these families can not figure out how to navigate the convention 's jurisdictional complexities , they will be stuck litigating against an airline in a courthouse in Kuala Lumpur , when they might have sought justice in a U.S. court . Did you know all that ? If you did n't know it , then do you expect a family from Chongqing , China , should have to research this in the local law library ? Of course not . They are entitled to legal help , and it 's never too soon to get them help . ` Too Soon ' does n't apply to legal representation If you did n't know even these basics about the convention , how fair is it for a working-class Chinese family to navigate the complexities of the treaty in an American court ? The logic is inescapable : These families should not be required to litigate these complicated issues in court alone . They should have attorneys to help them . And if we agree that they should have lawyers , then they should have them from the outset of the adversarial process . After all , do you think Boeing and Malaysia Airlines think it 's "  too soon " to consult with their attorneys ? If these corporate juggernauts are entitled to counsel , it stands to reason that a grieving mother of a Chinese Flight 370 passenger with zero legal training is , too . Safeguards of the republic Lawyers are the "  safeguards of the republic ; " they are the last bastion of defense for the populace against the government and large corporations . During his extended stay in America , French political historian Alexis de Tocqueville observed that American lawyers would be best positioned to guard against tyranny and protect natural rights in a mass democracy . The families of Flight 370 passengers will receive the services of highly skilled attorneys who will take on the costs of litigating this case against Malaysia Airlines , a risky venture that would consume a good deal of time , resources and effort . The families will not have to front one dollar , ringgit , or yuan . What other skilled profession provides services , advancing all the costs , and charges no fees unless you have a successful outcome ? Try that with your doctor . See if he 'll operate on your herniated disc with the proviso that you 'll only pay if the surgery is a pain-free success . Even the controversial Affordable Care Act never dreamed of an expansion of patient rights to this degree . Of course , attorneys stand to earn fees from contingent fee cases , but they also acquire all the risk ; they lose every penny they invest in a client if the case is unsuccessful . An attorney who takes on a high-risk contingent fee case invites financial ruin if he or she does n't prevail . No one expects the families of the missing passengers -- already undergoing a traumatic experience -- to single-handedly deal with corporations in full damage-control mode . Even if it 's true that the prospective plaintiffs ' lawyers in this case stand to profit from this case , Malaysia Airlines and Boeing are trying to save many millions by managing their legal exposures . That the lawyers are described as "  descending " on the scene shows that we 've come a long way from Alexis de Tocqueville 's positive view of legal counsel . Certainly , the practice of law has changed significantly since that time . The robed barristers of centuries past bear little resemblance to lawyers like Jamie Casino , who recently advertised during the Super Bowl . But whether they are bearing white wigs or flaming sledgehammers , all are officers of the court , and all should try to help the masses who could use legal counsel at times of tragedy .	Danny Cevallos : Families of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 need legal counsel Cevallos : Malaysia Airlines and Boeing are looking to minimize their financial risks He says a treaty limits carriers to pay $ 175,000 per passenger in accidents Cevallos : Do n't criticize the lawyers , because they can help relatives file claims
CNN Student News  -- November 25 , 2014 On our last show before the Thanksgiving break , we have a lot of big stories to cover : The U.S. defense secretary has resigned , a grand jury has reached a verdict in a tense Missouri town , and a nuclear deal involving Iran has been postponed . We 're also defining earthquake swarms , and we 're giving tips for how you can stay safe online . Teachers , please note that our daily program will return on Monday , December 1 . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- The owner of a Philadelphia art store was arrested Tuesday and charged with smuggling and conspiracy for illegally importing and selling African elephant ivory , according to the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York . Federal agents seized approximately 1 ton of ivory from Victor Gordon 's African art store -- one of the largest government seizures of ivory on record . Gordon , 68 , is also allegedly in violation of the Lacey Act , which aims to fight against the trafficking of wildlife , fish and plants that have been obtained illegally , according to the United States Department of Agriculture . Gordon allegedly paid a co-conspirator to travel to Africa to buy raw elephant ivory , according to the 10-count felony indictment against him . He provided his co-conspirators with pictures of ivory carvings and asked that the ivory be designed by African carvers according to his designs , court documents said . Gordon also asked that the ivory be dyed to give it an antique , older look . He illegally imported the ivory through John F. Kennedy Airport in New York , a statement from the U.S. attorney said . Ivory usually comes from the tusks of elephants . A high demand for ivory led to a staggering decline in the African elephant population in the 1970s and 1980s , but the killing of elephants for their tusks remains a serious problem , even after laws and international treaties were put in place to prohibit the practice . The U.S. Endangered Species Act names the African elephant as a threatened species . "  The amount of the elephant ivory allegedly plundered in this case is staggering and highlights the seriousness of the charged crimes , " said U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch . "  We all have a responsibility to protect endangered species , both for their sake and for the sake of our own future generations . " Poaching and illegally selling ivory is serious issue in West and Central Africa , where the ivory in the Gordon case came from , the U.S. attorney 's statement said . If he is convicted of the charges against him , Gordon could face a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison .	Despite laws against the sale of ivory , demand remains high One ton of ivory was seized from the African art store in Philadelphia Gordon faces 20 years in prison if convicted
Edwin Lyman of the Union of Concerned Scientists claims that I have a "  zeal to promote nuclear energy , " implying that I 'm blindly and thoughtlessly promoting a technology I know little about . I beg to differ . I 've spent four years on this film . I 've consulted with some of the top nuclear scientists and energy experts in the country to fact check every detail that went into the film , including my senior science adviser , the Nobel Prize-winning physicist Dr. Burton Richter . I 've screened the film at the U.S. Department of Energy , to the general assembly of the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna , at nuclear engineering departments at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Stanford University and Texas A&M , to name just a few of the tech-savvy viewers who 've scrutinized it . This film has received nothing but support from the technical and scientific community regarding the facts presented . So if Lyman has criticisms and sees flaws , his views are not representative of those who know the most about this technology . Read what Edwin Lyman has to say I am no zealot . Nor am I an activist . I 've taken not a dime from the nuclear industry . And I 'm not a lobbyist or a propaganda tool for anyone . I 'm an independent documentary filmmaker with a long track record of producing sober and critically acclaimed films on historical , technological and environmental themes . I have no dog in this race . I 'm simply reporting what I 've discovered after years of careful research . It 's shocking to many people  much of what I discovered was shocking to me as well  and it 's caused the anti-nuclear movement to come after me like a ton of bricks . Lyman is but one of their many henchmen . To me , all of these non-fossil energy technologies are simply tools to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels . They should not be regarded as ends in themselves -- including nuclear . Each of them have their pluses and minuses , and we need to weigh the costs and benefits of each . Solar and wind have their own problems , the biggest being scalability . But there are many others as well that would only be magnified as they take a more dominant role -- the industrialization of the countryside being , to me , one of the most pernicious . So I feel that Lyman 's criticism is a little myopic and is driven mostly by his life-long aversion to nuclear technology in any form -- a view shared by many of his generation that grew up equating nuclear energy with nuclear weapons , as I once did . Obviously , in a 90-minute film for a general audience , I was not able to go into every specific detail of the integral fast reactor technology . So to find out more about the IFR technology profiled in the film , I would suggest you read the very easily digestible book on the subject called "  Prescription for the Planet . " This is a book that 's highly recommended by Dr. James Hansen by the way -- the world 's foremost climate scientist -- among a great many others . For those techno freaks who want to dig even deeper , I suggest reading "  Plentiful Energy , " a remarkable book by the scientists who developed the IFR . Both of these books are excellent and chock full of amazing information . Lyman might want to read them too , rather than deriving his information from the Internet , which is all he seems to have done . Climate scientists urge support of nuclear energy Judge for yourself which side you want to stand on in this debate : anti-nuclear activists or climate scientists ? I know who I stand with . Indeed , Hansen , in our post-screening panel discussion with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , to be aired on CNN on Thursday and Sunday , November 7 and 10 , told the audience that he believes the single best thing you could do if you care about the future of the planet and you care about your children and grandchildren is stop giving money to groups like Lyman 's . Sadly , the big environmental groups , in their staunch opposition to nuclear technology , have become as much of an impediment to us solving climate change as are the most vociferous climate deniers . For the record , the IFR technology featured in the film is simply one illustrative example of the many advanced reactor technologies that are in various stages of development : thorium reactors , molten salt reactors , small modular reactors , traveling wave reactors , etc. . The list goes on and on , and all this stuff is being developed and prototyped now  mostly in China  and is mentioned near the end of the film . Lyman and others seem to suggest that nuclear energy is hopeless and that all research and development into its advancement should be abandoned , period , and that we should throw all of our efforts into renewables and energy efficiency alone . Given the overwhelming challenges we face in attempting to power a planet of almost 9 billion people with clean , affordable , non-CO2-emitting energy , that 's about the most irresponsible course of action imaginable . Watch "  Pandora 's Promise " and decide for yourself .	Director : Some of country 's "  top nuclear scientists and energy experts " fact checked the film But scientist Edwin Lyman says the film hyped advanced nuclear technology Robert Stone : "  The anti-nuclear movement " has "  come after me like a ton of bricks "
CNN  -- Minutes after Bill Clinton 's doctor divulged that the former president underwent a stenting procedure to restore blood flow through a coronary artery , CNN 's Larry King made a similar announcement . "  A month ago , maybe five weeks ago , I had the same procedure at Cedar-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles that Bill Clinton had today , " the 76-year-old talk show host told viewers of his program , "  Larry King Live . " King noted that he suffered a heart attack in February 1987 and underwent a quintuple bypass five months later . He described his experience with heart disease in his 1989 book , "  Mr. King , You 're Having a Heart Attack . " Recently , he said Thursday , he began feeling symptoms that turned out to have been related to his heart . "  I felt some strange feelings in my shoulder , where I had the original heart attack , " said King . He said he went to the hospital and underwent the procedure a few days later . Stents are tiny balloons that are threaded into a patient 's heart vessels where they are inflated , pushing plaque against the vessel wall and increasing blood flow . "  I did it on a Monday morning , was out on Tuesday and back here on ` Larry King Live ' on Tuesday night , " King said . "  So I can report to the waiting public that I never felt better . They got it open , they put the stents in . I share a bond with the former president and I feel very good . I only did n't make it public because I just like to keep things private . But I feel terrific , " he said .	King said he suffered a heart attack in 1987 and underwent a quintuple bypass months later Recent symptoms sent him back to get stenting procedure about a month ago Since the procedure says King , "  I can report to the waiting public that I never felt better "
CNN  -- Syrian officials and opposition activists blamed each other for an attack on a gas pipeline near the restive city of Homs on Tuesday , while opposition groups said more than 30 people had died in new clashes . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said three civilians were killed by government troops in Homs , while deserting government troops killed 18 members of the security forces in the city of Jasem . Syrian officials did not respond to CNN requests for comment on the incident , and state media did not mention it . And the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition umbrella group , said police and troops still loyal to President Bashar al-Assad 's government killed 11 people in and around Damascus , Hama and Homs , where the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency blamed the pipeline explosion on a "  terrorist group . " CNN can not independently confirm events inside Syria because the government restricts the activity of journalists . But activists in Homs said the government blew up the pipeline itself to distract Arab League monitors , who are in the country to try to protect civilians from violence at the hands of government security forces . "  The regime did that intentionally . They do n't care about Homs ; what difference does it make to them to have no power ? We do n't have any of the necessities : medication , heating fuel , food . And garbage is everywhere , " said one activist . Another activist in the city of Hama said the Arab League monitors there were surrounded by Syrian officials and security forces , making it difficult for locals to speak to the observers freely . The activist said the city still has many checkpoints and security forces with heavy machine guns , and that tanks have not been withdrawn from the city -- just hidden where monitors can not see them . The activists spoke to CNN by Skype from Syria . CNN is not naming them to protect their safety . Top U.S. and French officials also expressed doubts about whether Syria was abiding by its November agreement with the Arab League , which calls for the release of protesters jailed by the months-long crackdown on anti-government demonstrations and the withdrawal of Syrian troops from cities . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Damascus was clearly breaking its deal with its fellow Arab states . "  Across the country , the Syrian people continue to suffer at the hand of the Assad regime , as indiscriminate killing of scores of civilians continues , " Carney said . He said it was "  past time " for the U.N. Security Council to take action , and said Washington was working with its allies "  to increase the pressure on the Assad regime . " And U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said that while some prisoners have been freed , the releases are "  nothing like what the Syrian government promised to the Arab League . " "  Our concern is that the Arab League monitors , although they are providing some ability for some demonstrators to express their views in some places , they have not led to the full implementation of the commitments that the Assad regime took on , " Nuland told reporters in Washington . Meanwhile , she urged Syrian opposition forces to avoid attacks that would play into the government 's hands . "  That 's exactly what the regime wants , is to make Syria more violent and have an excuse to retaliate itself , " Nuland said . In Paris , French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told France 's I-Tele on Tuesday that he was "  a little skeptical " about whether the monitors are getting free access to the facts . "  We await their report that will be carried out in the coming days , " Juppe said . But he added , "  I do not consider the battle already lost . " "  The secretary-general of the Arab League has expressed the will to get to the bottom of this investigation , " he said . "  The truth must be established , and the regime can not poison the observers who are on the ground . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Tuesday that President Bashar al-Assad must relinquish power , saying the "  massacres " by his forces "  evoke disgust and revolt in the Arab world , in France , in Europe and everywhere in the world . " Sarkozy said nations must continue "  unrelentingly denouncing a barbaric repression and ensuring that the observers from the Arab league have the means and the freedom to carry out their work correctly . " Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby is scheduled to discuss the monitoring team 's preliminary report on Saturday , an official with the organization told CNN on condition of anonymity . El-Araby is scheduled to meet with the head of the Arab Human Rights Council on Wednesday , said the official , who is not authorized to speak to the press and asked not to be named . El-Araby said Monday that the killing was still going on despite the presence of his observers . "  There is still gunfire , there are still snipers , and we hope that all that will disappear , " he said in Cairo , adding : "  There is gunfire from various directions , which makes it hard to tell who is shooting . There is no doubt that killing is ongoing , but I ca n't pinpoint the numbers . " Arab League observers entered Syria last week after the United Nations estimated that 5,000 people had been killed since March in an uprising against the government . Al-Assad 's government says it is cracking down on armed terrorists . The Arab League aims "  to provide protection to Syrian civilians , " el-Araby said Monday , adding that it was asking for a cease-fire and for the names of detainees in Syrian prisons . Nearly 3,500 prisoners have been freed , he said . The Arab League has placed more than 70 monitors in six cities , and the number of observers soon will exceed 100 , el-Araby said . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Hamdi Alkhshali , Arwa Damon , Saskya Vandoorne and Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 30 killed Tuesday , including 18 government troops , opposition says NEW : Syria is breaking its deal with the Arab League , Washington says The Arab League will consider its monitors ' report on Saturday , an official says France 's Juppe says he 's "  a little skeptical " about the monitors ' access
After being smacked in the face by wave upon wave of sex abuse scandals for the past decade , it 's easy to feel nothing but angry or numb . So Joe Paterno 's statue came down , a slew of dioceses went bankrupt , and thousands of once-secret documents about molesters in the Boy Scouts will soon be made public . It 's fair to ask : Have we learned anything ? That makes it a good time to step back and look beyond individual villains to the big picture . When you put together the stories of Penn State , the Roman Catholic Church , the Boy Scouts and other organizations hit by abuse scandals , you see they reacted in much the same way . Their behavior was shocking , but it was more common than we knew . Thanks to lawsuits and news reports , we now see this : For decades , some of our most trusted institutions -- from schools , camps and sports leagues to correctional facilities , foster care agencies and religious groups -- have inadvertently enabled child molesters at the expense of victims . While leaders in many youth-serving organizations have confronted the abuse problem head-on , others routinely erred on the side of molesters , ignored the extent of abuse in their ranks , hid abuse from authorities and misled the public . News : Sex abuse files prompt calls for Boy Scout ousters Why ? To protect the good work of their organizations . They lost their perspective on where organizational protection ends and child protection begins . The Boy Scouts of America reflects this struggle as much as anyone . From 1971-1991 , the Scouts banned more than 1,800 people for alleged sexual misconduct , according to its own "  Confidential Files , " made public in a lawsuit in the 1990s . Those files reveal a well-intentioned effort to protect kids . But they also reveal a culture of silence that is typical of organizations that stumble over their abuse problem . Time and again , Scout leaders tried to keep abuse incidents from legal authorities or the media : In Illinois , a volunteer admitted to abusing a Scout and agreed to resign "  in return for no further legal action . " In Tennessee , Scout officials talked a victim 's parents out of contacting police , promising to "  handle the situation " internally . They let the molester resign and he was arrested months later for abusing another boy . When a Pennsylvania scoutmaster was arrested for molesting three boys , a local Scout executive worked with the chief of police to "  do everything he could to keep this account out of the newspaper to protect the name of the Boy Scouts . " New report accuses Boy Scouts of protecting child molesters The result was often disaster : first for kids , as molesters went on to abuse again , then for the organization , as victims eventually spoke up to lawyers and reporters . In this kind of clumsiness , however , the BSA has not been alone : Schools : The most thorough national report on sex abuse in public schools in 2004 found that "  when alleged misconduct is reported , the majority of complaints are ignored or disbelieved . " A 1990s study of 225 cases of "  educator sexual misconduct " in New York state found that "  all of the accused had admitted to sexual abuse of a student but none of the abusers was reported to authorities and only 1 percent lost their license to teach . " Religious communities : The practice of keeping abuse allegations from secular authorities has a long tradition in several denominations besides the Catholic church . Some Orthodox Jewish communities are coming under increasing fire , through indictments and lawsuits , for pressuring families not to report allegations to authorities . When a family in Lakewood , New Jersey , ignored that pressure in 2009 , some rabbis circulated a proclamation that said , "  It is prohibited  for anyone  to assist and participate with the secular authorities in their efforts to persecute a Jewish person . " In Brooklyn , the district attorney launched an initiative in 2009 to uncover abuse in Orthodox Jewish communities . Similar tales of being pressured to "  keep it in the house " are told in lawsuits by families in the Mormon Church and Jehovah 's Witnesses . Corrections : Sexual assaults are rampant in juvenile correctional facilities . A 2010 report by the U.S. Department of Justice estimated that 12 % of young people in custody were sexually abused at their facilities in the past year . Of that 12 % , 91 % were boys and the rest were girls . Most of them were abused by staff , the very people who investigate abuse allegations . No wonder those allegations often go nowhere . Just a few years ago Texas disbanded the Texas Youth Commission , the state agency that ran juvenile corrections , after investigators found that commission had largely dismissed and covered up hundreds of allegations of sex abuse . Sports : Former young swimmers and gymnasts allege in several recent criminal and civil complaints that they were abused by coaches , and that their complaints met with superficial inquiries at best . Deena Deardurff Schmidt , a 1972 Olympic champion swimmer , said in a deposition when she reported her abuse : "  Most everyone I told in coaching gave me an answer that I felt was very vague and dismissive , that my coach was a great coach . " Today , sex abuse victims are less alone The good news : The increased awareness brought on by lawsuits , indictments and news reports have driven a cultural shift in which kids are more likely to report abuse and to be believed . That shift has also compelled youth-serving organizations to significantly improve their procedures for preventing and reporting abuse . From national groups like the Boy Scouts to stand-alone after-school programs , most organizations run more thorough background checks on job and volunteer applicants ; better train their staff and youth about how to prevent and recognize abuse ; and enforce tighter procedures for reporting abuse . That 's the other side of the big picture : The victims are winning .	Patrick Boyle : Boy Scout child sex abuse -- this kind of scandal is way too familiar For decades , he says , trusted institutions ignored abuse in order to protect themselves But lawsuits , publicity have brought this into the light and spurred improvements , he says Boyle : Organizations gearing up to prevent it , kids more likely to report and be believed
CNN  A gleaming , modern airport terminal reduced to shattered concrete and twisted metal . Charred cars in the parking garage . The sound of artillery shells exploding nearby . These are the sights and sounds that CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh observed in and around the besieged city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine . Six months ago , Donetsk 's once proud Sergey Prokofiev International Airport was still in use . But the worsening conflict between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine has transformed it into a scene of devastation -- a symbol of the wider destruction that 's left the Donetsk region reeling . Civilians are increasingly falling victim to the fighting , with at least 224 killed and more than 540 others injured in the final three weeks of January , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights said Tuesday . The fighting has been among the fiercest in decades in Europe . In Debaltseve , about 45 miles northeast of the city of Donetsk , a stream of civilians has fled the shelling . The town has been the scene of bloody conflict in recent days as separatist forces seek to surround Ukrainian troops . A morgue in nearby Artyemovsk is full with the bodies of fighters and civilians who did n't make it to safety in time . There , CNN 's Paton Walsh saw one soldier torn in half , placed in a body bag . Morgue staff who said they 'd seen 200 bodies in the past month were working 24 hours a day to try to keep up with the number coming in . In Debaltseve , some civilians sought refuge underground in the basement of a building . But after a shell hit it , leaving a gaping hole in its side , they , too , fled . Some who spoke to CNN after evacuating to Artyemovsk aboard ramshackle buses say their politicians have failed them . One , who gave his name as Pavel , told CNN , "  Me , personally , I 'll take any ruler , just do n't kill me . All I want is bread and salt , just do n't kill me . " A woman sitting next to him said , "  We 're hostages of the situation . " Pavel added , "  Big politics is interested in killing simple people . They shoot and shoot and kill us . " The sense of anger is growing in Artyemovsk , where a group of women gathered in the town center despite the cold and rain to protest against the war . Ukraine 's army is so underfunded that its politicians are hamstrung , but that has not exempted them from blame for the suffering of local people . "  We use snow to clean ourselves , " said one young woman , clearly emotional . "  And our new president did n't do anything . Absolutely nothing . Nobody cares about anything . " Another woman said , "  When they bombed one town , I waited until 5 in the evening , just to move my 2-year-old granddaughter to the train . The Ukrainian army bombed us because separatists were there . " Meanwhile , the road to Debaltseve still heaves with Ukrainian armor as the government seeks to hold off the separatists ' advance . Kiev and the West accuse Russia of sending military personnel and equipment across the border into Ukraine to bolster the separatist forces . Moscow denies the allegation . The conflict 's total death toll since mid-April , including combatants and civilians , is now at least 5,358 -- an increase of 272 in less than two weeks -- with another 12,235 injured , the United Nations said Tuesday . Forces indiscriminately shelled residential areas in government-controlled territories such as Debaltseve and Avdiivka and rebel-held cities such as Donetsk and Horlivka as fighting escalated last month , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein said . "  Bus stops and public transport , marketplaces , schools and kindergartens , hospitals and residential areas have become battlegrounds in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine -- in clear breach of international humanitarian law which governs the conduct of armed conflicts , " the high commissioner said in a statement . Last month 's most deadly single incident involving civilians occurred in the southeastern city of Mariupol when two attacks involving multiple-launch rocket systems killed at least 31 people and injured 112 others , the United Nations said . "  Any further escalation will prove catastrophic for the 5.2 million people living in the midst of conflict in eastern Ukraine , " the high commissioner said . The U.N. official called on nations with influence in the region to pressure the combatants to return to a ceasefire agreement reached in September in Minsk , Belarus -- a deal that eroded long ago . His office also expressed concern about "  the implications of the harsh winter months on civilians in conflict-affected areas , with shortages of food and water and power cuts . " As the situation deteriorates , the United States is considering sending lethal aid to help the Ukrainian government fend off attacks from pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk and Luhansk regions . This assistance would come in the form of so-called defensive lethal aid , which could include anti-tank , anti-air and anti-mortar systems . The New York Times first reported the possible change in policy , saying NATO commander Gen. Philip Breedlove is in support of the new lethal assistance , and that Secretary of State John Kerry ; Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ; and national security adviser Susan Rice are all open to considering the idea . A U.S. official told CNN that military leadership supports defensive lethal aid being part of the discussion , but the administration is still trying to assess what reaction it could elicit from the Russian government , which the United States maintains is backing rebels in eastern Ukraine .	At least 224 civilians killed and more than 540 hurt in last three weeks of January , U.N. says Bus stops , marketplaces , schools and hospitals have become battlegrounds , official says The fighting in eastern Ukraine has been among the fiercest in decades in Europe
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is probably the most pro-woman president in U.S. history , but his signature racial justice program , the My Brother 's Keeper initiative , is for males only . That 's wrong and needs to change . The President should follow the advice of more than 1,000 women of color who , this week , wrote a letter to urge him to include the sisters as well as the brothers . The women include civil rights icons Anita Hill and Angela Davis , movie stars Rosario Dawson and Rosie Perez , and writers Alice Walker and Sapphire . The signers also include schoolgirls , working-class women and , I 'm proud to say , my 70-year-old mother , a retired schoolteacher , and my sister , a stay-at-home mom of two teenage boys . My mom , Legertha Butler-Walton , is Obama 's biggest fan . But she says she did n't march with Martin Luther King Jr. to get the "  whites only " signs taken down , only to have the nation 's first black president put up a sign that says "  men only . " There 's a myth that girls of color are doing better than boys . But that 's not supported by the facts . Indeed the White House website attempts to justify MBK 's exclusion of females by stating that "  boys of color are too often born into poverty and live with a single parent . " But do n't African-American girls live in the same single-parent households as African-American boys ? Do n't Latina girls attend the same failing schools as Latino boys ? Is n't a teenage girl on a reservation in California as afraid of being a victim of rape as a teenage boy in Chicago is afraid of being a victim of gun violence ? Indeed African-American and Latina women are the poorest members of our society . According to a study by the Insight Center for Community Economic Development reported on NPR , the average net worth of a white woman is $ 41,000 . Compare that to $ 100 for black women , and $ 120 for Latinas . Although African-American men are , generally speaking , not doing well either , they earn more money than African-American women , and are less likely to be raising children on poverty-level wages . The average net worth of an unmarried black man is 100 times greater than that of an unmarried black woman . But this is not about a race to the bottom . It is about understanding that the economic and social conditions that prevent many people of color from achieving the American dream do not discriminate on the basis of gender . And neither should Obama 's most important race-based program to remedy these conditions . Community organizations , many now strapped for cash , stand to receive millions of dollars from MBK . Unless the initiative expands to include women , these groups are likely to orient their programs to where the money is by , for example , restricting job training , college preparation and mentoring to boys only . As a result of MBK , federal agencies are being asked to collect data about how their operations impact minority males . Unless the mission of this initiative is expanded , the data about girls apparently will be sent to the shredding bin . It 's an ironic result for an administration that prides itself on its support for women 's equality . First lady Michelle Obama spoke movingly at Maya Angelou 's memorial service about how desperately she , as a black girl growing up in Chicago , needed to hear Angelou 's message of empowerment , "  when there were such stifling limitations on how black women could exist in the world . " Now the President has the ability to help more women of color have the opportunities -- to grow up healthy and safe , to go to college , to live their dreams -- that his wife had . I am an African-American man who stood outside in the cold at both of Obama 's inaugurations and sang "  The Star-Spangled Banner " louder than I ever had before . The President frequently says that he does n't have all the answers . For example , at the beginning of his administration he thought civil unions were good enough for same-sex couples . Now Obama thanks the LGBT community for helping him evolve to support marriage equality . One day the President will express the same kind of gratitude to the women of color who petitioned him this week to make My Brother 's Keeper more inclusive . He has said this initiative is "  as important as anything I will do as president . " So we need him to get it right . A racial justice program simply will not work if it leaves out half the race . Too many girls of color are barely staying afloat in the same deep tides that threaten the boys . MBK is like a ship that comes along to throw a lifeline only to the boys . The message is to the girls is , "  Wait . There might be another boat for you at some later time . " But the truth is that the girls ca n't swim any better than the boys . The sisters need someone to keep them as desperately as the brothers . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Paul Butler wonders why Obama 's signature initiative does n't include girls My Brother 's Keeper program offers young men social and economic opportunities Butler : A racial justice program simply will not work if it leaves out half the race
