LONDON , England  CNN  -- Manchester United and Liverpool fans dream of the arrival of superstar players ahead of a new campaign , but it seems the spending power of both Englsih giants could be on the wane . Liverpool co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks took over the club in February 2007 Both Rafa Benitez and Alex Ferguson have bemoaned the extravagance of the transfer market recently , with the United boss even going so far as to suggest he will not make anymore signings despite the transfer window remaining open until August 31 . This despite having recently recouped a world record fee of $ 130m for the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo from Old Trafford . So what are the reasons behind the new culture of prudence at the top of the English Premier League ? Well , it seems the cost of refinancing debt could significantly have curbed both clubs ' spending power according to industry experts . Financial prudence will be the watchword for the majority of the English Premier League in the transfer market as clubs look to consolidate their financial position in a move that could see a shift of power in Europe to Spain 's La Liga . It seems the Glazer family owners of United will not sanction anywhere near that amount of previous seasons for new players according to Professor Rogan Taylor at the University of Liverpool 's Football Industry Group . How do you feel about United and Liverpool 's debt situation ? Sound Off below The Americans ' takeover of the Red Devils placed the club in $ 1.1 billion of debt , according to the holding companies ' accounts of 2009 ; a situation that requires careful management . "  The refinancing at Manchester United is structured in a very complex way but ultimately the economic difficulties now mean that there will be a reduction in Alex Ferguson 's transfer budget , " he told CNN . "  Although some of the funds from the Ronaldo transfer will go back into the club 's coffers there will be a tightening of the purse strings which will seriously impact on United 's capacity to go after the top players . "  Certainly , Ferguson would have wanted a top-class replacement for Ronaldo but with the need to keep the debt in order and -- being unable to compete with Real Madrid and Manchester City -- the funds available and the pool of players from which they can sign is a lot smaller . " Liverpool 's situation is even more acute as American co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , through their company Kop Holdings , struggle to secure the finances to fund the club 's proposed new stadium . A deal to refinance their $ 570m Royal Bank of Scotland loan appears to have been secured , but the long-term sustainability of the idea used to purchase Liverpool is serious under question . Professor Taylor added : "  The whole model on which Hicks and Gillett bought Liverpool is flawed and Rafael Benitez may have to sell Javier Mascherano or Xabi Alonso before he can go out and spend during the close season . "  Even then there is no certainty he will get the whole amount from the sale of either of those players back in the transfer kitty so it promises to be a difficult period for Liverpool as obviously expectation has been raised following last season 's second-place finish . "  The need to refinance the debt remains key to the American owners remaining in control of the club so that will be their priority -- at the expense of matters on the pitch . " Jon Keen deputy chairman of the Football Supporters Federation , and an expert in the field of club governance and ownership , admitted the situation at both clubs will stir up further resentment among fans towards their owners . "  The current refinancing situation in the top-flight is like a financial house cards which could come crashing down at any time , " he told CNN . "  We have already seen a situation unravel with the banking system which has angered a lot of people and something similar could well happen with football in the near future . "  Ultimately fans want to see money raised from sales of players either put back into the transfer pot or levied against their own costs of attending matches , not simply servicing huge amounts of debt as is the case with Manchester United and Liverpool at the moment . "  There needs to be a reality check about the way these clubs are operating . Certainly , I think the current economic climate will drastically reduce the spending power of clubs in the Premier League with the exception perhaps of Manchester City . " Of course , this contrasts with Spain 's Real Madrid who have recently splashed almost $ 300m on Ronaldo , Kaka and Karim Benzema -- and are not finished yet if president Florentino Perez is to be believed . The construction magnate and his powerful board are able to wield influence with banks and allow Real to secure credit on favorable terms which , combined with a lucrative domestic television rights deal , puts them in a stronger financial position . Ultimately this appears to have precipitated a shift away from the English Premier League to La Liga for the world 's best players as Spain becomes the preferred destination of choice . Whether Real can convert this into a challenge to the recent English domination of the UEFA Champions League on the pitch remains to be seen .	Refinancing has left Manchester United and Liverpool short of transfer funds An new era of Premier League prudence reigns according to finance experts Real Madrid have spent $ 300 million on Ronaldo , Kaka and Benezma Spanish clubs present serious challenge to English domination in Europe
CNN  -- He earns millions of dollars every year , but basketball star LeBron James wants investors to splash out up to $ 500,000 each to sponsor his lavish 26th birthday celebrations . The Miami Heat player has hired a marketing firm to find backers willing to help fund his December 30 party , dubbed the "  Full Court Birthday Celebration . " James , who earned a reported $ 14.5 million in salary this year , enlisted SA Global Plus -- whose website shows slides from a presentation given to potential investors . The sponsorship opportunities range from $ 10,000 for a single event on his 11-stop "  LeBron James Dinner Party Tour " to $ 500,000 for a season package . Next week 's A-list party will take place at the Coco De Ville Lounge in Miami Beach 's Gansevoort Hotel , and the presentation promises an array of stars including athletes , musicians and political figures who "  reinvent and set the tone for a chic lifestyle . " The celebrity bash "  is royal themed fitting for a birthday celebration of a king , channeling an ambience of extravagant court life . " Click here to see SA Global Plus ' 12-slide presentation Potential sponsors will have further chances to catch a glimpse of the self-styled "  King " as his celebrations -- which started in New York this month -- keep going until the final date in Atlanta on April 10 . But for someone who pays so much attention to the finer details , his name is spelled "  Lebron " throughout the presentation -- at odds with his own website 's preference . It is not the first time the former Cleveland Cavaliers guard , who calls himself "  King James " on his Twitter account , has attracted attention away from the basketball court . The six-time NBA All-Star ended months of speculation about his future in July , when he announced he would be joining the Heat on a live television special called "  The Decision . " The broadcast , which led to James becoming a pariah among Cavaliers fans , attracted a reported 10 million viewers . The Heat will take on two-time defending NBA champions the Lakers in Los Angeles in Saturday 's high-profile Christmas clash .	Miami Heat 's LeBron James is looking for sponsors for his 26th birthday party Investment opportunities are available for between $ 10,000 - $ 500,000 The Miami bash will boast A-list celebrities according to marketing firm he hired James is participating in an 11-stop dinner party tour , set to run until April
CNN  -- It 's February and Black History Month , and networks and major consumer brands are reprising their annual ad campaigns honoring the contributions of African-Americans to the arts , politics , technology and commerce . This year , a new player is sponsoring Black History Month ads : the Republican National Committee . In spots airing on black radio and television stations in select media markets , the RNC praises the contributions of black Republicans such as Louis Sullivan , a former secretary of health and human services under President George H.W. Bush . RNC makes first ad buy for Black History Month This ad campaign is part of a larger Republican strategy to reach out to minority voters . After President Barack Obama won more than 70 % of the vote among blacks , Latinos and Asian-Americans  93 % among blacks alone  in 2012 , the Republican National Committee redoubled its efforts to court minority voters . This ad campaign is a part of that effort . A well-produced , uplifting ad campaign will not be enough to convince black Democrats to switch their party identification , though . For every ad praising Sen. Tim Scott , the Republican Party has had to put out fires created by state and local officials who make insensitive racial comments . For instance , in the past two weeks , the Iowa Republican Party had to fire the mastermind behind the "  Is Someone a Racist ? " flow chart on its Facebook page . The flow chart flippantly charged that racists are white people you do n't like . RNC highlights strategy for building ` new generation of black Republicans ' By this point , some Republicans are probably wondering why blacks do n't seem to punish liberals and Democrats for their racial missteps . Democrat-friendly MSNBC has faced strong and valid criticism for its recent taunts of the Romney family 's transracial adoption and its assumptions that conservative Republicans do n't marry interracially . For his part , Fox host Bill O'Reilly raised eyebrows when he asked Obama why he had not done more to lower the out-of-wedlock birth rate among blacks . The answer is rooted in a long , complicated history of race and partisanship and in psychological frames that the GOP ignores at its peril . RNC clarifies tweet that suggests racism is over Some Republicans rightfully point out that during the civil rights movement , Southern Democrats tried to block passage of the Civil and Voting Rights Acts . They forget , however , that in the past 50 years , white Southern Democrats  both racists and non-racists  have gradually shifted their party identification to the Republican Party . They do n't account for the fact that GOP has admitted to  and apologized for  purposely using racially coded language to win over racially resentful whites in the wake of the civil rights movement . And they ignore data that confirm that while black political views have moderated in the past generation , blacks still tend to prefer a stronger federal state and greater governmental intervention , in large part because they perceive the federal government to have done a better job than state and local officials at protecting civil rights . The ` white ' student who integrated Ole Miss Perhaps the biggest impediment to the GOP 's outreach efforts among blacks , though , is its misunderstanding of the importance of group dynamics to individual political decision-making . Republicans value limited government and personal liberty , traits that celebrate rugged individualism and a view of politics that assumes that self-interest informs most policy preferences . Numerous studies have shown that many blacks and Latinos believe that what happens to other blacks and Latinos affects them . This belief that their fates are linked to the fates of their co-ethnics informs liberal policy and political preferences . It means that an affluent black person might be willing to pay higher taxes if it helps maintain the food stamp program , which helps poor , disproportionately minority people . Or that a Latina born in the United States might wince when Republican congressional candidates voice their opposition to immigration reform because she perceives that tone of the opposition evinces a general antipathy toward Latinos regardless of their nativity . Do n't get me wrong , Republican outreach to blacks is a good thing , and I hope to see more of it . Republican candidates who win office need to engage their black and minority constituents , and Democrats should not assume that blacks  or any other group  will always vote Democratic . However , a polished ad campaign alone is not enough to win over black voters . If the GOP hopes to become significantly more competitive among blacks , it will have to acknowledge the importance of group identity to blacks and other minorities and learn how to frame their principles in terms of group interests . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andra Gillespie .	Republican National Committee ad campaign celebrates Black History Month Andra Gillespie says the effort should be encouraged but falls short Gillespie : Ads fail to recognize the complexity of the communities
CNN  Ever since musician Eduardo Miranda met a patient with locked in syndrome 11 years ago , he has been on a mission to create a way for the paralyzed to make music . His latest invention is the brain computer music interface  BCMI  which allows people to create music using just their eyes . How it works By connecting electrodes to the back of the head , the system can tell where you 're looking by monitoring brain activity . Flashing icons representing different snippets of music appear on screen and you can make a selection , just by staring at one . In real time , a musician plays a score generated from the user 's selections . "  Our brain is producing electricity all the time , " says Miranda , head of the Interdisciplinary Centre for Computer Music Research at Plymouth University . "  These are very faint electrical signals but we can amplify and analyze them . Let 's say you have two icons on the computer screen : one flashing at 10 hertz and the other flashing at 15 hertz . If you look at the one flashing at 15 hertz , we can detect it . " "  We can detect up to eight different frequencies at the moment , " explains Eduardo Miranda who is helped by a team of doctoral students and research assistants at his lab . "  My latest composition is for a string quartet . It 's an interaction between eight people , four of them generating music and the others playing the music as its being generated . "  The score for the quartet is a computer monitor rather than sheet music so the musicians have to be quite skilled and perform the piece as it 's generated . " Listen to Miranda 's string quartet playing using the BCMI . Motivation Speaking of his inspiration for the project , Miranda says : "  I wanted to create something to enable people with severe disabilities to make music . I was struck by an encounter I had once with a man who had had a stroke and was paralyzed completely from the neck down . "  That had a profound impact on me and I thought , as a musician , how I could provide a voice for him -- that 's where this research began . " He adds : "  A few years ago I tested a prototype with a paralyzed patient in a hospital in London he was able to play music by looking as these icons . The nurses and carers there told me that one of the things that these patients really miss is interaction with other people , not with machines . That 's how this system was created . " Funding It has been 11 years since Miranda started his lab , with financial support from Plymouth University as well as securing funding throughout the years . He has also been successful in securing funding from engineering organizations such as the UK 's Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council . "  It was very difficult at the beginning to convince people that this research could work and produce something useful . It sounded like science fiction to begin with , people did n't believe it . But as I began to produce results , papers and scientific journals , it became easier to put the arguments on paper . " Future plans Miranda is now working on making the system more robust and user-friendly . But it might be a while before his technology hits the shops , not least because it costs around # 10,000  around $ 15,600  . "  I do n't think I would sell the BCMI , the problem is that the hardware is very expensive ... all the electrodes you need we have to buy ourselves . "  I would be quite happy to give away the software to people who really need it , provided they are able to buy the hardware . " "  We have seen companies selling equipment  at  a tenth of the price of ours promising a lot of things , but when you really test them they do n't compare to ours . "  It 's going to take a long time for this to become cheap , " he says . But you may soon be able to try out the software in your local "  brain booth . " "  We are working on a project , which will allow the public to use the system in a ` brain booth ' and download the music they create from the internet afterward . "  You do n't need musical talent to use the system , but the more you understand music the easier it is for you -- if you understand for example that crochets are quicker than semi-quavers you have an idea of what you 're selecting -- but after 10 seconds you hear the snippet of music you chose being played by the string quartet , so you learn quickly . " Julie Tugwell , from the Queen Elizabeth 's Foundation for Disabled People , who was involved with a similar project , thinks the technology could have wider applications . "  It was amazing to explore how technology can help to unleash the creativity within people that they may find difficulty expressing through traditional methods . " "  We 're also looking forward to seeing how brain-wave technology might , in the near future , be able to control other types of equipment such as wheelchairs or computers , " she says .	Eduardo Miranda has created a system which allows people to make music using their eyes The system uses electrodes and was inspired by people suffering from paralysis The musician and professor has a research lab at the University of Plymouth
CNN  -- The opening race of the Formula One season , the Bahrain Grand Prix , has been axed due to ongoing political unrest in the country . The Bahrain government confirmed the race , scheduled for March 13 , had been called off on Monday afternoon after days of speculation . The Bahraini Crown Prince , Salman bin Hamad al Khalifa , informed Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone of the decision by telephone after days of unrest in the Gulf kingdom . The 2011 Formula One season will now begin in Melbourne , Australia on March 27 . CNN blog : Have F1 's global riches come at a cost ? The Crown Prince told the country 's Information Affairs Authority Twitter site : "  We felt it was important for the country to focus on immediate issues of national interest . "  Bahrain 's priority is on overcoming tragedy , healing divisions and rediscovering the fabric that draws this country together to remind the world of the very best that Bahrain is capable of as a nation once again united . "  At the present time the country 's entire attention is focused on building a new national dialogue for Bahrain . "  I would like to extend my personal gratitude to Bernie Ecclestone for his support and understanding . " Thousands of demonstrators have taken to the streets in recent days to protest against the country 's ruling monarchy , basing themselves at the Pearl Roundabout in the capital Manama . Around 10 protestors were reported to have been killed after security services attempted to clear the roundabout on Thursday . The Crown Prince said he was deeply sorry for the deaths in an interview with CNN . There has been no announcement yet on whether the race will be held at a later date , though chairman of the Bahrain International Circuit Zayed R. Alzayani told CNN he was hopeful there would be an annoucement in a "  matter of weeks . " He said : "  That all depends on how the events in Bahrain going on at present turn out -- there will be a process of reconciliation launched soon and all parties will come to the table in response to his Royal Highness 's efforts and things will come back to normality . " The cancellation of the race could be costly for Bahrain 's economy . The 2008 grand prix was worth around $ 600 million in direct and indirect revenue , according to the Marcopolis website . British newspaper The Times reported that it cost Bahrain race organizers $ 40 million to secure a place in this year 's calendar , plus another $ 20 million to ensure it was the first of the season . On top of that , the $ 200 million Sakhir circuit has also had a $ 50 million revamp since last year 's race . Mark Webber , driver for the Red Bull team , backed the cancellation . He said "  I think the right decision was made , in light of what is going on , so we look forward to Melbourne instead . "  It would have been nice to go to Bahrain , but hopefully it can stage the race again . As for starting in Melbourne , it 's my home race and , as always , I 'm looking forward to it . Webber 's comments were echoed by Renault team boss Eric Boullier . He said : "  The recent situation in Bahrain has been difficult for the country . We feel the decision taken by the Crown Prince is wise and we fully support it . "  The Bahrain Grand Prix has always been warmly welcomed with enthusiasm from the Bahraini people and we 're looking forward to going back there when they have healed their country . "	The Bahrain Grand Prix has been canceled Opening race of the Formula One season was due to take place on March 13 It is called off due to ongoing political unrest in the Gulf kingdom The season will now begin in Melbourne , Australia on March 27
CNN  -- Tensions magnified among the world 's top three economies over China 's controversial new air defense zone . The issues range from disagreements on air space as well as disputed islands between China and Japan . On Saturday , China declared the creation of an air defense identification zone in the East China Sea , eliciting strong criticisms from the United States and its close ally , Japan . Both countries refuse to recognize China 's newly created zone . What is China 's "  Air Defense Identification Zone " ? China released a map and coordinates that identify its air defense zone on November 23 . It declared that aircraft in the area must report their flight plans to China , maintain two-way radio and clearly mark their nationalities on the aircraft . The new rules went into effect 10 a.m. that day , Xinhua reported . This space included a swath of the East China Sea , including a disputed island chain known as Daioyu in China and Senkaku in Japan . China vowed to "  adopt defensive emergency measures to respond to aircraft that do not cooperate in the identification or refuse to follow the instructions . " What is an "  Air Defense Identification Zone " or ADIZ ? The ADIZ is not a new concept . It 's essentially a buffer zone outside a country 's sovereign airspace . Several countries including the United States and Japan have established ADIZ in international airspace next to their nations . A foreign aircraft traveling in an ADIZ can be required to identify itself for entry into that country 's airspace . It is unilaterally imposed , so it does n't really have a legal basis and is n't based on negotiation with neighbors , said James Hardy , the Asia-Pacific Editor of IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly . "  It 's purpose is to give the country an early warning zone in which it can intercept potentially unfriendly aircraft . " What islands does China 's ADIZ affect ? The Chinese defense ministry said the new air defense zone was not directed toward a specific country . The map and coordinates released by China show the zone covers parts of the East China Sea , as well as the Daioyu/Senkaku islands . Japan and China both lay claims on Daioyu/Senkaku islands . And China 's new zone overlaps with Japan 's , which was formed on August 29 , 1968 . China contests the Japanese air defense zone as illegal , Zhang Junshe , who is with the Chinese Navy , told Xinhua . China also has stirred its South Korean neighbors . A reef called Ieodo in the Yellow Sea sits about 149 kilometers southwest of Korean and 287 kilometers east from China , and is partially covered by the Chinese ADIZ . The Koreans have established an Ocean Research Station on Ieodo . How have China 's neighbors reacted ? Japan on Sunday slammed the Chinese announcement , saying it had "  no validity whatsoever . " The nation 's Minister for Foreign Affairs called China 's measure "  profoundly dangerous acts that unilaterally change the status quo in the East China Sea , escalating the situation , and that may cause unintended consequences . " Opinion : Did China make strategic error with air zone ? In South Korea , the nation 's defense ministry spokesman , Kim Min-seok said the country 's jurisdiction over Ieodo remains unchanged . "  China has unilaterally set up its ADIZ , " Kim said . He said it overlaps with Korea 's jurisdiction . The Korean government would fly over such areas without informing the Chinese side , he added . Sounds like an Asia conflict , so why is the U.S. involved ? The United States interprets the ADIZ differently than China . As stated in Xinhua , China 's new aircraft identification rules do n't distinguish between aircraft flying through the zone with no intention of flying into China 's airspace and those that do , the Center for Strategic and International Studies points out . This is not how the United States interprets the ADIZ , as stated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry 's on November 23 : "  The United States does not apply its ADIZ procedures to foreign aircraft not intending to enter U.S. national airspace . We urge China not to implement its threat to take action against aircraft that do not identify themselves or obey orders from Beijing . " The United States has said it wo n't recognize the zone -- nor China 's call that aircraft entering it identify themselves and file flight plans . "  Freedom of overflight and other internationally lawful uses of sea and airspace are essential to prosperity , stability , and security in the Pacific . We do n't support efforts by any State to apply its ADIZ procedures to foreign aircraft not intending to enter its national airspace . " To the United States , the newly formed air zone becomes more than an island dispute between China and its longtime ally , Japan , but a controversy over international airspace . "  The U.S. is very concerned with freedom of navigation , whether that be sea or sky , " said Greg Waldron , Asia managing editor of Flightglobal , an aviation and aerospace industries news site . What are countries doing in response to the new zone ? After the United States thoroughly expressed its displeasure with China 's ADIZ , two U.S. military aircraft flew into the newly claimed air defense zone without notifying China . The flight came just two days after China 's announcement of its new zone . Meanwhile , a flurry of strong words have been exchanged amongst various countries . The United States ' warning that the zone heightens the risk of "  misunderstanding and miscalculation " drew a sharp Chinese rebuke , calling the U.S. remarks "  irresponsible . " U.S. : China claim of air rights over disputed islands ` creates risk of incident ' In an editorial in state-run media Xinhua , one commentary writer denounced the U.S. and Japanese objections as a case of "  they can do it while China can not , " referring to the countries ' existing ADIZ . China slams ` inappropriate ' U.S. remarks on territorial dispute with Japan South Korea and China defense officials are expected to hold talks this week regarding the overlapping ADIZ that includes Ieodo . Are commercial flights affected in China 's new air defense zone ? As defined by China 's announcement , the air defense zone 's requirements appear to apply to all aircraft . But details are murky . Such planes are probably not required from a legal perspective to notify China , but it might be a good idea from a safety perspective , said Waldron . In the meantime , Japanese airliners , All Nippon Airways  ANA  and Japan Airlines  JAL  announced Wednesday they would not submit flight plans for their flights through the affected areas . Back to the islands -- why have Diaoyu/Senkaku islands been so contentious ? China says its claim on the islands extend back to 1400s , which was used as a staging point for Chinese fisherman . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . According to Xinhua , China and Japan "  agreed in 1978 to put the issue aside and solve it in the future . " The dispute intensified last year as protests erupted in China after Japan announced it had bought several of the disputed islands from private Japanese owners . Anti-Japanese demonstrations turned violent as protesters hurled bottles at the Japanese embassy in Beijing , overturned Japanese cars , ransacked Japanese stores and restaurants . What 's so appealing about the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands ? It 's uninhabited and may look like a bunch of rocks . But ownership of the islands would allow for exclusive oil , mineral , and fishing rights in surrounding waters . CNN 's Barbara Starr in Washington , Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong , Junko Ogura in Tokyo and KJ Kwon in Seoul contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. flies 2 B-52s over China 's new air defense zone China 's declaration of air defense zone prompts outcry Japan and China 's compete with claim for Diaoyu/Senkaku Island
CNN  -- You love making snowmen and sledding . You hate the way the white stuff feels when it creeps into your boots and traps you inside for days . We all have a love-hate relationship with snow . There 's even a Facebook page for it : "  I have a Love/Hate relationship with snow . " More than 43,000 people "  like " it . "  As a former Northerner , I adored the snow because it made everything quiet and gentle-seeming , " Emily Mishalanie told CNN . She grew up in New York . Now she lives in snowless New Orleans . "  But I despise the cold and the melt . Snowfall is glorious because it makes everything slow down or even stop , but then the melt is dirty and wet and gross , " she said . CNN iReporter Alex Parziale thinks snow is pretty . But it makes a huge mess on his Leesburg , Virginia , farm , with two big wet dogs . "  My wife says she is going crazy staying inside , " he said . As another massive storm moves in to the Northeast , lots of people are going to be stuck inside . Their driveways will be piled high with snow , and the kids will get antsy after getting bored playing outside . Boots will be soggy . These are the things that make for snow haters . "  I hate the snow , " said Ruth Vesely . As a native New Yorker , Vesely is used to snow . But now that she 's nine months pregnant , she finds that snow makes walking around very difficult , and she has almost slipped several times . "  I 've gotten stuck in the driveway because when the plows go by , they leave a nice pile at the end of the driveway , " she said . Take this with a grain of salt , but a 2010 poll from candy maker Nestle asked 1,000 people about their feelings about snow . Men actually like shoveling snow , the survey said . Women like making snowmen . We all grow tired of it as we get older , according to the survey . "  Sadly , it seems the excitement surrounding snow days wears off the older you are , " the company said in a statement . "  Those older than 35 are 58 percent less likely to look forward to snow days as much as they did when they were younger . " But there are the people who embrace snow , no matter what . "  I love the snow . My wife loves it . We love looking at the trees and seeing everything covered with snow , " said CNN iReporter Robert Herrera of Dayton , Ohio . "  It 's a cool thing and it 's part of winter . That 's the life of being in Ohio . "	As another storm moves into the Northeast , people voice their love and hate for the snow More than 43,000 people "  like " a Facebook page for those who love and hate snow 2010 poll from candy maker : Men prefer shoveling snow , women like making snowmen New Yorker Ruth Vesely says she hates snow and has gotten stuck in her own driveway
Washington  CNN  -- In a pair of votes aimed more at making political points than law , the Senate rejected competing Democratic and Republican proposals to boost construction of roadways and other infrastructure projects . Republicans blocked the Democratic bill , which would have approved about $ 50 billion for projects and another $ 10 billion to start an "  infrastructure bank , " because it relied on a surtax on people earning more than $ 1 million a year . Democrats have tried to pass the surtax multiple times in an effort to convince voters that Republicans care more about their wealthy constituents than about putting the unemployed back to work . Republicans dispute that and argue that the special tax would hit small businesses the hardest , which would curtail hiring . The White House issued a press release Thursday evening saying the GOP is "  out of touch with Americans from all ends of the political spectrum . " "  It makes no sense when you consider that this bill was made up of the same kinds of common-sense proposals that many of these senators have fought for in the past , " the statement said . "  It was fully paid for . And even though it was supported by more than 70 % of the American people -- Republicans , Democrats , and independents -- 100 % of Senate Republicans said no . " Democrats rejected a Republican proposal that was aimed , in part , at speeding infrastructure spending by easing regulations that can slow construction , because they oppose GOP plans to offset its cost by rescinding $ 40 billion in spending approved for this year . Democrats said that violated an agreement about spending levels reached during the debt-ceiling negotiations this year . Neither measure could reach the 60-vote threshold for approval . The Democratic measure failed 51-49 . Two members of the Democratic caucus , Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Ben Nelson of Nebraska , joined all Republican senators in voting against it . Nelson is facing a potentially difficult re-election fight . The Republican measure failed on a vote of 47-53 . Democrat Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted for the GOP bill , and Republican Olympia Snowe of Maine voted against it . Both are up for re-election . Also on Thursday , House Speaker John Boehner unveiled plans to move a separate infrastructure bill through that chamber . The GOP-backed measure would provide "  a new , devoted revenue stream " by tying infrastructure spending to expanded domestic energy production , using revenue generated from new production to help pay for infrastructure initiatives across the country . "  This is , I think , the opposite of stimulus , by linking infrastructure to energy reform and permanently removing barriers to job growth , instead of just spending money on short-term fixes , " Boehner said . Details of the measure are not yet available , but Boehner said he hoped to introduce the bill in the next couple of weeks and then pass the bill through the House before the end of the year . "  The president says he wants more money for infrastructure and he 's said he supports more American-made energy , so I hope he 'll work with us on this , " Boehner said . CNN Congressional Correspondent Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	NEW : Vote shows GOP senators "  out of touch with Americans , " White House says NEW : Boehner unveils plan for bill tying infrastructure spending to energy revenue Republicans block $ 60 billion bill that relied on surtax on $ 1 million earners Democrats reject GOP measure to ease construction regulations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A company that says it produced videos about a cursing teddy bear fond of prostitutes is suing Seth MacFarlane over his "  Ted " movie . "  Ted " is "  strikingly similar " to "  Charlie the Abusive Teddy Bear , " Bengal Mangle Productions contends in a copyright infringement lawsuit filed Wednesday . "  Charlie is a teddy bear who lives in a human , adult world with all human friends , " the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles said . "  Charlie has a penchant for drinking , smoking , prostitutes , and is a generally vulgar yet humorous character . " Their copyrighted vulgar bear was featured in videos on YouTube and FunnyorDie.com in 2009 , three years before MacFarlane 's "  Ted " hit theaters , earning $ 549 million at the box office worldwide , the complaint said . "  Ted " copies "  Charlie 's " background story , persona , voice tone , attitude and dialogue , the suit said . The two bears ' Twitter postings were even similar , it said , giving a long list of comparisons , including : "  Charlie " tweeted on March 7 , 2009 : "  I have a life mission and it is to drink . " "  Ted " tweeted on April 4 , 2012 : "  I drink on Tuesday night to celebrate the fact that it ai n't Monday night . " Both bears are " ` washed-up ' child stars/public personas " and "  both Charlie and Ted spend a significant amount of time sitting on a living room couch with a beer and/or cigarette in hand , " the lawsuit contends . Seth MacFarlane : Renaissance man MacFarlane and Universal Pictures , which also is named as a defendant , did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Lorenza Brascia contributed to this report .	Company claims "  Ted " is "  strikingly similar " to "  Charlie the Abusive Teddy Bear " "  Charlie " appeared on YouTube and FunnyorDie.com in 2009 , three years before "  Ted " "  Ted " copies "  Charlie 's " story , persona , voice , attitude and dialogue , the suit says Seth MacFarlane has not immediately responded to requests for comment
Washington  CNN  -- New documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union show "  unjustified homicide " of detainees and concerns about the condition of confinement in U.S.-run prisons in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay , according to the ACLU . Thousands of documents detailing the deaths of 190 U.S. detainees were released by the ACLU on Friday . The U.S. military gave the ACLU the documents earlier in the week as a result of a Freedom of Information Act  FOIA  lawsuit filed by the rights group . Among the documents are autopsy reports and military investigations , including 25 to 30 cases the ACLU says it believes are "  unjustified homicide . " Some of the homicides in the documents are widely known and have been reported in the media , such as the case of four Iraqi detainees executed by a group of U.S. soldiers and then pushed into a Baghdad canal in 2007 . Others are thought by the ACLU to be new . In one such case , a detainee was killed by an unnamed sergeant who walked into a room where the detainee was lying wounded "  and assaulted him ... then shot him twice thus killing him , " one of the investigating documents says . The sergeant than instructed the other soldiers present to lie about the incident . Later , the document says an unnamed corporal then shot the deceased detainee in the head after finding his corpse . In another example , documents note a soldier "  committed the offense of murder when he shot and killed an unarmed Afghan male . " But , according to the ACLU , the individual was found not guilty of murder by general court-martial . "  So far , the documents released by the government raise more questions than they answer , but they do confirm one troubling fact : that no senior officials have been held to account for the widespread abuse of detainees . Without real accountability for these abuses , we risk inviting more abuse in the future , " the ACLU said in a statement . The Defense Department disputes the allegations , saying it takes detainee treatment seriously . "  DoD policy requires the immediate reporting of detainee deaths to appropriate DoD criminal investigative agencies regardless of the circumstances at the time of death , " said Pentagon spokeswoman , Lt. Col. Tanya Bradsher . "  Indeed , the fact that so many autopsies and investigative reports exist indicates the seriousness with which the Department takes its responsibilities regarding detainee treatment and accountability . " Of the investigations in the documents , 43 had U.S. soldiers or personnel as potential suspects , according to Lt. Col. David H. Patterson , an Army spokesman . Probable cause for murder was found in 13 of those investigations , resulting in 19 separate convictions , Patterson said , many of which carried significant sentences , with some soldiers receiving 20 years or more . "  It 's important to remember that the majority of these detainee deaths were due to reasons not directly involving U.S. personnel . For example , a number were the result of detainee-on-detainee violence , " Patterson said . "  Although there have been cases of individuals involved in misconduct , there is no evidence of systematic abuse by the United States military , " said Bradsher . "  The  Defense  Department has detained more than 100,000 individuals in Iraq and Afghanistan , many with pre-existing medical conditions or battlefield wounds . Detainees in DoD custody have died from a number of causes including enemy attacks , detainee-on-detainee violence , battlefield injuries , and natural causes . " One concern noted by the ACLU is the amount of deaths that involved cardiac problems : over 25 % . The group says it is looking into this finding . "  This could potentially raise serious questions about the conditions of confinement or interrogation of the detainees , " the ACLU said . The ACLU obtained the 2,624 pages of documents through a Freedom of Information Act request filed with the government in 2009 . The package included about 124 autopsy and 133 investigation reports .	Documents show "  unjustified homicide " of detainees , ACLU says The documents were released to the rights group by the U.S. military The Defense Department says it takes detainee treatment seriously
CNN  -- Wladimir Klitschko dominated his world heavyweight title unification match against Britain 's David Haye to clinch a unanimous points decision in their bout Saturday night in Hamburg , Germany . The giant Ukrainian retained his IBF and WBO versions of the title and claimed Haye 's WBA crown after a polished display over 12 rounds in the Imtech Arena of Bundesliga side SV Hamburg . Klitschko got the verdict of the three ringside judges by large margins of 117-109 , 118-108 and 116-110 . It was the second defeat of 31-year-old Haye 's 27-fight career , most of it at cruiserweight before stepping up a division for his last five fights . The wily , 35-year-old Klitschko , who took his record to 56-3 , used his extra weight and reach advantage to good effect as his jab kept his opponent at bay . He managed to avoid Haye 's desperate attempts to bring the fight to a swifter conclusion and scored the only knockdown of the fight in the 11th round , although the Briton was swiftly to his feet after what appeared to be a push . The bout was held in heavy rain , the fighters largely protected by the design of the arena , but it would have doused the spirits of the large British contingent in the 45,000 crowd who had traveled to the northern German port city to cheer on their hero . The victory leaves all the recognized versions of the world heavyweight boxing title with the Klitschko brothers , with Vitali holding the prestigious WBC version . The pre-fight proceedings had been marked by animosity between both men , who had been due to fight two years ago until Haye pulled out with a back injury . After the fight he revealed he had broken his right toe in training , but had decided to go ahead with the bout , which ultimately ended with a disappointing defeat .	Wladimir Klitschko beats David Haye in the world heavyweight title unification bout Ukrainian giant now holds IBF , WBO and WBA versions of the title Klitschko 's brother Vitali is the WBC champion , but they have said they will not fight
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes "  amicably settled " their divorce just two weeks after Holmes filed for it , an attorney told CNN Monday . While no details of their agreement are public , the former couple said they are "  working together " in the "  best interests " of their young daughter . In the June 28 divorce filing , Holmes sought sole custody of 6-year-old Suri . Holmes and Cruise have been married for five years . "  Tom is really pleased we got there , and so am I , " Cruise lawyer Bert Fields said . "  We are thrilled for Katie and her family and are excited to watch as she embarks on the next chapter of her life , " said Holmes ' attorney Jonathan Wolfe . Wolfe thanked Cruise 's lawyers "  for their professionalism and diligence that helped bring about this speedy resolution . " Another one of Holmes ' attorneys , Allan Mayefsky , said the divorce was "  amicably settled . " "  The terms of the settlement are confidential , " Mayefsky said . "  The parties have issued a joint statement regarding this resolution . We will have no further comment . " That statement , prepared jointly by Cruise , 50 , and Holmes , 33 , was sent to CNN by Cruise publicist Amanda Lundberg . "  We are committed to working together as parents to accomplishing what is in our daughter Suri 's best interests , " the statement said . "  We want to keep matters affecting our family private and express our respect for each other 's commitment to each of our respective beliefs and support each other 's roles as parents . " Her lawyers and publicist sent a second statement later Monday responding to what they called "  various reports regarding the purported terms of the settlement agreement . " "  There are numerous inaccuracies in the reports regarding the purported contents of the agreement reached between the parties , " the Holmes statement said . "  The agreement is confidential and its terms will not be disclosed . " The Church of Scientology , with which Cruise is closely associated , declined to weigh in on the divorce settlement when contacted by CNN on Monday . "  With respect to Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes divorce , the church has no comment , " spokeswoman Karin Pouw said . "  Please direct any questions to their representatives . This is and always was a private family matter and the church will continue to respect their privacy . " Tom Cruise divorce raises question : What is Scientology , anyway ? Photos : Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes through the years CNN 's Rachel Wells and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Holmes lawyer : "  Numerous inaccuracies " in reports on contents of agreement "  The terms of the settlement are confidential , " Cruise 's lawyer says The former couple say they 're "  working together " in the "  best interests " of their daughter Holmes filed for divorce , seeking sole custody of 6-year-old Suri on June 28
The San Francisco 49ers released defensive end Ray McDonald on Wednesday amid allegations of sexual assault . "  While this organization has a strong belief in due process and has demonstrated that over time , Ray has demonstrated a pattern of poor decision-making that has led to multiple distractions for this organization and this football team that can no longer be tolerated , " General Manager Trent Baalke said in a statement . According to San Jose Police , a search warrant has been served at McDonald 's home to investigate the allegations . No arrests have been made , and McDonald has not been charged . The NFL , which announced revisions to its personal conduct policy on December 10 , confirmed it will investigate . "  We are looking into it , " NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said to CNN . The San Jose Police Department said that on Tuesday , it received a call from a hospital regarding a possible sexual assault victim who was receiving treatment . The victim alleged she was possibly sexually assaulted the day before . The preliminary investigation revealed the alleged suspect was McDonald . Last month , the Santa Clara District Attorney 's Office decided it did not have enough evidence to charge McDonald in a domestic violence case against his pregnant fiancee . McDonald was arrested August 31 in that alleged incident , just days after the NFL had once again updated its personal conduct policy in response to criticism on how the league handled the discipline for then-Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice . The investigations section under the updated NFL personal conduct policy includes this language concerning a potential violation : "  Whenever the league office becomes aware of a possible violation of the Personal Conduct Policy , it will undertake an investigation , the timing and scope of which will be based upon the particular circumstances of the matter . "  Any such investigation may be conducted by NFL Security , independent parties , or by a combination of the two . In cases that are also being investigated by law enforcement , the league will work to cooperate with and to avoid any conflict or interference with the law enforcement proceedings . "	Ray McDonald has "  demonstrated a pattern of poor decision-making , " says team 's GM A search warrant is served at the home of defensive end McDonald has not been charged , and no arrest has been made The NFL recently updated its personal conduct policy after high-profile incidents
CNN  Forget about the Super Bowl , the blizzard and the woes of the world . This time of year , everything 's better with puppies . Seems like you ca n't throw a stick without running into a shaggy  or short-haired  dog story -- and advertisers , in particular , know that puppies demand attention . Take GoDaddy.com . In recent years , the website registration and hosting company has earned the ire of many with its cheeky Super Bowl ads featuring voluptuous women and suggestive copy . Not that it 's stopped them from doing the same thing again the next year . But an ad about a puppy that 's put up for sale ? That 's going too far . A Change.org petition garnered more than 40,000 signatures before word came that the ad would n't air during the big game . Budweiser , of course , would never provoke the anger of puppy lovers . The beer company has become a master of pulling America 's heartstrings with its Super Bowl commercials , which have included , in recent years , some friendly canines . This year , of course , is no different . Get out your tissues . "  Budweiser unveils the commercial that will make you cry on Super Bowl Sunday , " headlined USA Today . Take that , GoDaddy ! And yes , that 's a version of the Proclaimers ' "  I 'm Gon na Be  500 Miles  " as the soundtrack . No doubt even the brothers Reid are weeping . Finally , Uber , the ride-sharing app that has picked up quite a bit of bad press in recent months , has come up with a surefire way of earning public approval . If you guessed that it involves puppies , you 're right . The company announced Wednesday that it 's teaming up with Animal Planet , which broadcasts the annual Puppy Bowl , to deliver puppies to offices in several U.S. cities . It 's not free -- the price is $ 30 for 15 minutes of doggone fun -- but all proceeds go to participating local animal organizations . All together now : Awwwww . What 's that ? You 're not a dog person ? Well , there 's always the second-annual Kitten Bowl , to be shown Sunday on the Hallmark Channel . And cats can be heartwarming , too , as shown by a widely shared story out of Tampa , Florida . As originally reported by Tampa 's WTVT , Bart the cat was hit by a car and pronounced dead . The cat 's grief-stricken owner , Ellis Hutson , had the cat buried . Five days later , Bart showed up at a neighbor 's door . His jaw was broken , and he was dirty and bloody -- but he was alive . "  It was unbelievable , " Hutson said . "  The cat was smelly ; the cat was dirty . The cat had a big hole in the side of his head . " ` Zombie cat ' presumed dead found alive five days after burial A veterinarian at the Humane Society of Tampa Bay performed surgery , and Bart , though he 'll probably lose an eye , is recovering nicely . "  I truly think Bart has nine lives and has eight lives left , because it is miraculous what he 's done , " Humane Society of Tampa Bay Executive Director Sherry Silk told the TV station . So to heck with that football game and us crazy humans . We 'll say it again : Awwwwwww .	The Super Bowl and puppies ! What more is there to say ? GoDaddy , Budweiser and Uber find value in puppy marketing GoDaddy has already pulled a puppy-themed ad after a backlash
CNN  -- European champions Spain beat Honduras 2-0 in Group H to get their World Cup campaign back on track . Striker David Villa scored twice and missed a penalty in Johannesburg as the Spanish bounced back from their shock defeat to Switzerland in their opening game . Earlier , Chile beat the 10-man Swiss 1-0 in Port Elizabeth , a victory which puts the South Americans top of the group . Mark Gonzalez headed the only goal of the game shortly after the Swiss had set a new World Cup record for time without conceding a goal , surpassing Italy 's mark of 549 minutes midway through the second half . Spain 2-0 Honduras Spain came into their Group H clash with Honduras knowing that only a win would suffice after their surprise 1-0 loss to the Swiss . Villa had already rattled the crossbar from long range when he gave the Europeans the lead with one of the goals of the tournament so far . Picking the ball up on the left flank , the Barcelona-bound front man cut between two Hondurans , went round another and smashed a shot into the top corner . Liverpool striker Fernando Torres , recalled to the starting line-up following knee surgery , missed a string of straightforward chances and looked frustrated when he was taken off in the second half . Villa 's second goal arrived six minutes after half-time when his left-footed shot from outside the area deflected off a Honduran defender and looped over goalkeeper Noel Valladares . Villa was handed a golden opportunity to score his hat-trick when Emilio Izaguirre brought down Jesus Navas in the box . But the former Valencia frontman rolled his penalty wide of the post . Spain continued to dominate , with substitute Cesc Fabregas and Villa coming close in the final stages . But Vicente Del Bosque 's side may live to regret their failure to add to the score-line should the final placings in Group H come down to goal difference . Chile 1-0 Switzerland Chile had to work hard for their victory over 10-man Switzerland in Port Elizabeth which means the five South American teams are still to be beaten at this World Cup . The Chileans made the brighter start and Swiss goalkeeper Diego Benaglio had to be at his best to keep out powerful efforts from Arturo Vidal and Carlos Carmona . In a fiery first half , Switzerland were reduced to 10 men after half an hour when West Ham 's Valon Behrami was shown a red card for an elbow on Vidal . Chile had welcomed Humberto Suazo , the top scorer in South American qualifying , back to their starting line-up following a hamstring injury , but he looked short of full fitness , and was replaced at half-time after heading his best chance over the bar . The second half was a Chilean onslaught and the South Americans looked to have taken the lead from a set-piece early in the second half when Alexis Sanchez 's deflected shot flew into the net , but the goal was ruled out because two Chilean players were offside . Switzerland , who pulled off one of the biggest shocks of the tournament by beating Spain 1-0 , looked on course for another impressive result before their defense was finally breached with just over 15 minutes to go . A precise pass sent substitute Esteban Paredes clear down the right flank and his center found the unmarked Gonzalez , whose header bounced and struck the underside of the bar before going into the net . Paredes wasted two clear chances to extend the Chilean lead and Marcelo Bielsa 's side were almost made to pay the ultimate price in the last minute . A brisk Swiss counter-attack found its way to Eren Derdiyok , whose side-footed shot went narrowly wide . Chile meet Spain and Switzerland face Honduras in the final round of group games on June 25 .	Spain defeat Honduras 2-0 to get their World Cup campaign back on track Barcelona-bound David Villa scores both goals for the European champions Chile top Group H after defeating 10-man Switzerland 1-0 in Port Elizabeth Swiss set a new record for consecutive minutes without conceding a goal
Eating out can be such a pleasure : Someone else chops the veggies , cooks the entree and brings it steaming hot to your table , while you enjoy time with friends or family . But when we eat out , we tend to overdo it . While an occasional splurge is OK , if we 're not smart about our menu choices , we may be hunting for a larger wardrobe . On average , Americans eat out about five times a week , according to the National Restaurant Association . Because those meals are generally higher in calories and fat than what we make at home , they can create a recipe for weight gain . Every meal away from home increases an adult 's average daily calorie count by about 135 calories , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture . If we eat out five times a week , we stand to gain up to 10 pounds a year . Business traveler Tish Davis frequently meets with clients over meals , and she 's seen her weight climb by about 20 pounds in the past few years . Registered dietitian Marisa Moore gave Davis some advice on how to eat healthy while on the road . Davis knows she has some weaknesses . "  I love things that are fried , like bacon , a burger , chicken tenders . I like crunchy , " she says . 7 foods that fight fat Moore offered Davis some tips -- and gave her some homework to help with her eating habits . Order first Davis says she goes into the meal intending to eat healthy , but by the time she hears what others are ordering , she 's lost her resolve . Moore suggests that Davis order first . "  There is an interesting study that shows that women tend to mirror each other when we go out to eat , " Moore says . "  If you order your meal first , before everybody else starts to order , then you might actually set the tone for the table to order healthier options . " And , if possible , try to choose the restaurant where you 'll meet friends or business associates . Look for places that have healthy options on the menu so you 'll have better choices . Red flags When you sit down to order , scrutinize the menu for red flags that indicate foods are high in calories : descriptions of creamy , crispy , fried , breaded or smothered . "  Instead , you want to opt for foods that are grilled , steamed or broiled . That generally is going to be a healthier cooking method , " Moore says . Tailor the meal Do n't be afraid to ask the server to make changes to the menu . Replace unhealthy sides such as french fries for steamed vegetables . If you know a sauce is going to be loaded with calories , ask that it be brought on the side . You tend to eat less that way . And always order your salad dressing on the side , Moore says . Though dressing can be healthy , restaurants tend to give us two to three times the amount we need , and those calories can add up . If you 're ordering pizza , ask the chef to go light on the cheese . Box it up A restaurant serving can usually feed two , so at the beginning of the meal , ask the server for a to-go box . Put half of the meal away and take it home with you -- if food is in front of us , we tend to eat it , even when we 're full . Gut-busting restaurant meals named ` dis-honorees ' Soup and salad Another way to keep from overeating is to order a salad or broth-based soup as your first course , Moore says . "  There is some evidence to show that people who eat a broth-based soup or a veggie salad before their meal tend to eat fewer calories for the entire meal . " Portion control On average , Americans need about 2,000 calories a day , and knowing how to judge a portion size can help us stick to that target . If you 're ordering pasta , a good rule of thumb is to eat a portion that looks to be about the size of your fist . With meat , try not to eat more than would fit in the palm of your hand . To help Davis with portion control , Moore suggests she order an appetizer in place of an entree . Slow down We 've heard it before , but when we eat too fast , we often eat too much . "  It takes about 20 minutes for your brain to realize that your body is full , " Moore says . So slow down . Enjoy the company of those you 're with , and try putting your fork down between bites . It might take a little practice , but it does make for a more leisurely meal . Rethink the drink It 's easy to forget about the calories from the drink we order , whether it 's an alcoholic beverage or a glass of tea . One serving of sweetened tea , for instance , can have 200 to 250 calories . "  A glass of wine is only about 150 calories , but some of your mixed drinks can be well over 300 or 350 calories , " Moore says . She encourages Davis to drink water with her meals and with her occasional glass of wine . Water helps fill us up , so we tend to consume less alcohol . Can mindfulness curb overeating ? One day at a time "  I 'm actually going to try some things ... when I 'm on the road , " Davis says . "  I 'm going to just pay more attention to the menu and go for the broiled , not the fried , and start with a salad . " But she knows she 's going to struggle with her biggest challenge . "  My lack of willpower in peer settings -- that 's my biggest downfall , " Davis says . It 's all about choices , Moore says . "  We have to be prepared to face those obstacles , those temptations and decide when you 're going to splurge and when you 're going to make sure that you stick to a healthy diet . "	American eat out about five times a week , statistics show Look out for words such as "  creamy , " "  crispy " and "  smothered " on menus Do n't be afraid to ask your server to change things up Box up half your meal and save it for later
CNN  -- At least eight people are dead after a bizarre mix of weather across the country spawned tornadoes , ice storms and record-setting warmth this weekend . Four of the deaths involved two vehicle accidents in Kentucky . Three people drowned in the Rolling Fork River near New Hope when a car drove into the water . Two people escaped but were hospitalized with hypothermia . "  Water was out of the banks , considerably up onto the roadway area . They ran their vehicle into the water . Two of the folks were exiting the vehicle as the swift water started pushing the vehicle downstream . The other three occupants of the vehicle were unable to exit , " said Joe Prewitt , with Nelson County Emergency Management . In the other crash , a rider on an ATV overturned into a creek near Carrollton and was trapped underneath . The Kentucky Emergency Management reported a fifth death because of flood waters , in Ballard County , but did not provide specifics . Authorities did not release the identities of the victims . Several flood warnings remained in effect Sunday along some Kentucky rivers and streams . Two deaths occurred in the Mississippi counties of Coahoma and Jasper , where severe weather damaged homes and knocked down trees , according to the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency . The eighth fatality came from a traffic accident near Kansas City , said Chris Redline of the Missouri Department of Transportation . "  We also had to close a lot of roads in southeast Missouri because of flooding , " Redline said . Flooding , extreme cold and unseasonable warmth covered other parts of the country . To make sense of it all , let us take you on a North American tour . Southeast : Thunderstorms , tornadoes and torrential downpours Heavy rain , damaging winds and lightning continued . These storms were forecast to spread , bringing downpours to Georgia , South Carolina and up the East Coast into Monday . While cooler , the weather is expected to be much quieter and drier Christmas Eve and Christmas Day . On Saturday night , the National Weather Service said a tornado was likely to blame for damage in central Mississippi , including four semi-trucks overturned and five houses heavily damaged . The main trigger for the severe weather is the above-average temperatures farther north . Midwest : Lake-effect snow Sara Hadley sent CNN iReport photographs Sunday of the aftermath of a storm in Lansing , Michigan . "  It did n't start off too bad until we lost power last night . At that point we knew it was getting bad . Last time we had ice like this was 1998 , " she wrote . Her images showed branches and pine cones covered by thin layers of ice . Moderate to heavy lake-enhanced snow was expected for far western and north central upper Michigan into Monday night . Central Plains : Slammed with ice and snow Temperatures will be 15 to 25 degrees colder than normal Monday with a gradual moderation into Christmas Day . In Kansas and southeast Nebraska , snowfalls will total 3 to 6 inches . And those cold temps will keep folks shivering . Whitney Eichinger of Southwest Airlines said the company is trying to offer customers options . "  We are allowing customers to rebook their trip with no penalty through  Sunday  , " she said . "  That has more to do with traveling to the airport , not flight cancellations . " Mid-Atlantic/Northeast : Weirdly warm If there is one present being handed out on as winter begins , it is the well above-average temperatures in the Mid-Atlantic . New York City broke a record high Sunday , according to Ashley Sears , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service . "  The record  was previously 63 degrees in 1998 . And we are currently sitting at 70 degrees , which we 've been at for the past couple of hours , " she said . Farther north , however , the situation has been less cozy . In Maine and across New Hampshire , Vermont and into northern New York , winter warnings -- including ice storm warnings and freezing rain -- were in effect . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared a winter ice emergency and activated the state 's emergency operations center . The National Weather Service in Buffalo said up to an inch of ice accumulation is expected , and areas near the St. Lawrence and Black Rivers could see even more . Canada : Unusually cold Toronto Mayor Rob Ford described the winter weather Sunday as one of the worst storms in the city 's history . He said he hopes that power will be restored to the more than 250,000 customers currently without it by Christmas Day . Toronto Police Sgt. Jeff Zammit said it has been colder than normal during December , and that freezing rain and fallen trees have brought down many power lines . "  It truly is a catastrophic ice storm that we 've had here , probably one of the worst we 've ever had , " Toronto Hydro CEO Anthony Haines told CTV Network . For customers with service , the company asked that they "  share the power " and consider asking neighbors inside . The city has also opened warming stations . CNN 's Jennifer Gray , Morgan Winsor , Nick Valencia , Janet DiGiacomo , Todd Borek and Matt Daniel contributed to this report .	NEW : Eight deaths are reported , including five in Kentucky More than 250,000 customers are without power in Toronto New York City sets a record high , breaking old mark of 63 degrees Heavy rain and severe winds hit the Southeast
Atlanta  CNN  -- Don Perry , the vice president of public relations for Chick-fil-A , has died , according to a statement from the University of Georgia , where he served on the board of the journalism school . Perry , originally from Valdosta , Georgia , started at the fast-food chain in 1983 , helping launch the public relations arm of the company , he told Georgia Magazine in an alumni profile published last month . The Atlanta-based Chick-fil-A had annual sales of more than $ 4.1 billion last year and has more than 1,615 locations in 39 states and Washington , D.C. , with the strongest concentration in the Southeast . It has recently come under fire by gay rights supporters for comments made by the company President Dan Cathy , who said the company backs the traditional family unit . How the Chick-fil-A same-sex marriage controversy has evolved Henson , Huckabee take sides in Chick-fil-A same-sex marriage controversy Overheard on CNN.com : Readers defend Chick-fil-A 's stance on marriage	Don Perry was the vice president of public relations for the fast-food chain He started at the company in 1983
CNN  -- A leading opposition figure in Bahrain has been jailed after being charged with "  inciting and advocating terrorism , " Bahrain 's Public Prosecution Office said . Activists in the tiny Persian Gulf kingdom , however , insist the charges against Khalil Al Marzooq are politically motivated and accuse the country 's leadership of attempting to stifle dissent . Al Marzooq , secretary general of Al-Wefaq , the main Shia opposition party , was arrested Tuesday after being interrogated about a speech he delivered last week . According to BNA , Bahrain 's official news agency , he was summoned to a police station , questioned and then referred to the Public Prosecution Office . In a statement , the office accused Al Marzooq of being "  affiliated with the terrorist organization " and added that he had been "  speaking at many forums , inciting and promoting terrorist acts , advocating principles which incite such acts , supporting violence committed by the terrorist coalition , and legally justifying criminal activities . " Taher Al-Mosawi , the head of Al-Wefaq 's media center , says that Al Marzooq did not incite violence and that Bahrain opposition parties are suspending participation in national dialogue . Al-Wefaq called the government 's actions in regard to Al Marzooq "  reckless " and "  a clear targeting of political action in Bahrain . " The party added in a statement that it believes his detention is , in part , a reaction to a European Parliament resolution passed last week regarding the human rights situation in Bahrain . On a mission : Oppression in Bahrain That resolution called for "  the respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms in Bahrain " and urged Bahraini authorities "  to immediately end all acts of repression , release all prisoners of conscience , and respect the rights of juveniles . " European Parliament member Marietje Schaake told CNN that "  the lack of progress in terms of dialogue and reforms towards the rule of law and respect for human rights in Bahrain continue to be of great concern to the European Parliament . " Schaake spearheaded the effort to get the resolution passed . "  For the sake of the well-being of all people in Bahrain , " she said , "  and for the future of the country , the crackdown on peaceful demonstrations must end . The blanket ban on assembly in Manama is not helping reconciliation , either . " Bahraini opposition activists say that Al Marzooq 's arrest is just the latest in a country where many prominent dissidents have been jailed in the past two years and that it only underscores how tense the situation remains in Bahrain . Bahrain 's government responds to activist 's claims In February 2011 , at the height of the Arab Spring , Bahraini citizens , spurred by successful uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt , demanded democratic reforms and other changes in the way the country was run . Anger from the majority Shiite population was directed at the ruling Sunni minority . But Bahrain 's uprising failed to gain the traction of other regional revolutions after a crackdown by authorities in the tiny island state , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Demonstrators say authorities killed dozens of people and arrested , tortured and imprisoned hundreds of others . Opposition leaders have tried to keep the protest movement alive .	NEW : Opposition suspending participation in national dialogue , party official says Bahrain 's Public Prosecution Office says Khalil Al Marzooq is affiliated with a terrorist group Activists say charges are politically motivated , country 's leaders want to stifle dissent Al Marzooq was arrested after being interrogated about a speech he delivered last week
CNN  -- Rightly billed as a clash of tennis titans , World No. 1 versus World No. 2 , few were expecting the comprehensive manner of Novak Djokovic 's defeat of Rafael Nadal to retain the ATP World Tour Finals title Monday night in London . Nadal will still end the year as the top ranked player in the world , but he was given a timely reminder that on the fast indoor surface of the 02 Arena , Djokovic reigns supreme , retaining his title with a 6-3 6-4 victory . It came after just one hour 36 minutes on his third championship point , with Nadal putting a forehand wide , rounding off an uncharacteristically tame display from the Spaniard . Djokovic has been undefeated since losing to Nadal in the final of the U.S. Open in September and he deservedly lifted the trophy , named in honor of former ATP president Brad Drewett , who died earlier this year . After the gladiatorial style entrants by both men , it was Djokovic who struck the first blows , racing to a 3-0 lead with an early break of Nadal 's service . He had a point for a double break , but the Spaniard weathered the storm before making inroads on Djokovic 's next service game to draw them level at 3-3 . But Djokovic was not to be denied and after holding his own service , he broke Nadal again , the decisive point seeing both men at full stretch with scarcely believable retrieving . Djokovic finally put away a decisive volley then held his own service , clinching the set with an ace . He was immediately on the front foot in the second set , breaking Nadal early again to take a lead he never relinquished . Nadal was under pressure as he served to stay in the match at 3-5 , saving the first match point and forcing his opponent to serve out for the championship . Nadal at last showed glimpses of his true quality by saving a second championship point , but any hopes of an unlikely revival were quickly snuffed out as Djokovic sent down an ace to bring up his third chance to take the title for a third time . Nadal still leads their career meetings 22-17 and will be looking to revenge the defeat when the 2014 season starts with the Australian Open in January . Before that , Djokovic will lead Serbia in the final of the Davis Cup against the Czech Republic , hoping to continue his unbeaten end to the season . Earlier , Fernando Verdasco and his Spanish compatriot David Marrero lifted the doubles title , beating the top seeds and three-time former champions Mike and Bob Bryan of the United States . Verdasco and Marrero won a close final 7-5 6-7 10-7 in one hour and 44 minutes , succeeding Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez as winners of the end of season finale . They shared $ 335,500 in prize money , while the Bryans -- five-time finalists -- split $ 195,500 . The losing pair have the consolation of comfortably ending 2013 as the top pair in the world , winning three of the four major titles with a 70-13 record .	Novak Djokovic wins ATP World Tour Finals title for second straight year Thrashes Rafael Nadal in straight sets 6-3 6-4 Near faultless display from Serbian World No. 2 Fernando Verdasco and David Marrero win thrilling doubles final
CNN  -- A House subcommittee is expected to grill Department of Homeland Security officials about concerns that violence in Mexico may spill over the border into the United States . Mexican federal police patrol last week on the streets of Ciudad Juarez , just across the border from El Paso , Texas . Mexico 's military and police have been embroiled in increasingly violent clashes with drug cartels , which are battling among themselves for control over an ever-growing market in the United States . Rep. Loretta Sanchez , chairwoman of the House committee holding the hearing , said Thursday that what 's happening in Mexico is becoming a growing problem for the United States . "  Well , it certainly has always been a problem at the border , but in the last couple of decades , it 's gotten even worse . Now we see some spillover , just a little bit , coming into the United States , " she said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  I think it 's time that we make a comprehensive plan to figure out , not just what we do about the violence at the border -- but it 's all tied together with the economy down there , with our economy , ... commerce routes between the two countries . " The Border , Maritime and Global Counterterrorism Committee hearing on border issues focuses on violence and the transfer of guns from the United States to Mexico to arm the cartels . Sanchez said it 's a crime to sell some of the guns from stores within the United States and traffic them to Mexico . Most of the gun stores selling these weapons , she said , are within a mile of the U.S.-Mexico border . Sanchez suggested looking at what types of guns are being sold in those stores and perhaps instituting some provision against assault weapons . On Wednesday , Vice President Joe Biden talked about drug-related violence in Mexico . "  Since the beginning of last year , there have been nearly 7,000 drug-related murders in Mexico . If we had said that years ago , we would have looked at each other like we were crazy , " he said . "  Violent drug trafficking organizations are threatening both the United States and Mexican communities . " Biden made those remarks as he announced the nomination of Gil Kerlikowske as the new White House drug czar , a position that plays a key role in developing and implementing the Southwest border strategy . Last year , more than 1,600 killings occurred in Juarez , three times more than the most murderous city in the United States . And last month , the city 's chief of police was obliged to quit after threats from organized crime to kill a policeman every day that he remained on the job . On Tuesday , five human heads were found in ice chests in the central Mexican state of Jalisco , police said . Growing drug violence has made beheadings in Tijuana , Juarez and other Mexican towns more commonplace over the past year . In recent weeks , the United States , Canada , France , Italy and Germany have issued alerts about travel to Mexico . "  The situation in Ciudad Juarez is of special concern , " the State Department said in an alert last month . "  Mexican authorities report that more than 1,800 people have been killed in the city since January 2008 . Additionally , this city of 1.6 million people experienced more than 17,000 car thefts and 1,650 carjackings in 2008 . " Obama on Wednesday told regional newspaper reporters that he would consider sending the National Guard to the border if the situation escalated . "  We 're going to examine whether and if National Guard deployments would make sense and under what circumstances they would make sense , " Obama said , according to McClatchy Newspapers . "  I do n't have a particular tipping point in mind , " he told the reporters . "  I think it 's unacceptable if you 've got drug gangs crossing our borders and killing U.S. citizens . " The president said he did not have any interest in "  militarizing the border . " "  We expect to have a comprehensive approach to dealing with these issues of border security that will involve supporting -LSB- Mexico President Felipe -RSB- Calderon and his efforts , " Obama said , according to McClatchy . "  Our expectation is to have a comprehensive policy in place in the next few months . " Obama and Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman Adm. Michael Mullen on Saturday discussed how the U.S. military can assist Mexico in addressing growing violence from drug cartels , according to a military official . The president expressed interest in military capabilities that the U.S. has that could help Mexican forces , including intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance technology , the official said . CNN 's Ismael Estrada , Kristi Keck , Rey Rodriguez and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Mexican officials embroiled in increasingly violent clashes with drug cartels Cartels getting some weapons from stores along the border , congresswoman says House hearing focuses on security on the border , preventing spread of violence President Obama says he 'd consider sending in National Guard , but not right now
CNN  -- Bayern Munich will take a three-point lead into Germany 's winter break after Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund and Schalke both won on Saturday to stay in contention . Bayern had moved six points clear with Friday 's 3-0 win over Cologne , despite Franck Ribery 's red card , but Dortmund followed suit by crushing lowly Freiburg 4-1 and third-placed Schalke dented Werder Bremen 's title bid with a 5-0 triumph in the late match thanks to Raul 's hat-trick . Fourth-placed Borussia Monchengladbach will seek to stay a point behind those two clubs with victory at home to Mainz on Sunday . Freiburg will end the year in bottom place after Dortmund 's unbeaten run extended to 10 league matches , with Robert Lewandowski scoring twice to take his season 's tally to 13 . Ribery sees red but Bayern beat Cologne The Poland striker opened the scoring in the seventh minute after being set up by young Japan international Shinji Kagawa , but Jan Rosenthal leveled on 34 . Ilkay Gundogan put Dortmund back in front just before the break despite being initially flagged for offside as Jakub Blaszczykowski pounced on an error by Rosenthal , while Kevin Grosskreutz made it 3-1 before the hour after Kagawa combined with Lewandowski . Kagawa and Grosskreutz then helped Lewandowski to wrap it up with 20 minutes to play as Freiburg dropped below Augsburg on goal difference . Schalke joined Dortmund on 34 points after veteran striker Raul netted the opening three goals against fifth-placed Werder Bremen . The 34-year-old Spaniard put the home side 2-0 up after 20 minutes , with Dutch strike partner Klaas-Jan Huntelaar involved in both goals . He completed his third treble for the club since joining from Real Madrid in mid-2010 with a header just after the hour from Christian Fuchs ' cross , taking his Bundesliga tally this season to double figures . Greek defender Kyriakos Papadopoulos added the fourth on 67 from Jose Manuel Jurado 's cross , and Huntelaar scored his 15th league goal of 2011-12 with 20 minutes to play with a lob over goalkeeper Tim Wiese . Sixth-placed Bayer Leverkusen lost ground on the top teams after a 3-0 home defeat by Nuremberg , who joined 14th-placed Mainz on 18 points -- three above the relegation zone . Daniel Didavi and Jan Hegler put Nuremberg 2-0 up inside 22 minutes , while Tomas Pekhart 's 73rd-minute header killed off a Leverkusen team who will face Barcelona in the last 16 of the European Champions League . Hamburg moved above Mainz despite being held 1-1 by Augsburg , meaning coach Thorsten Fink has yet to taste defeat in nine games in charge . Striker Torsten Oehrl put the visitors ahead just after the hour , but Paolo Guerrero bundled in an equalizer for Hamburg just five minutes later . Wolfsburg moved up to 12th with a 1-0 win over mid-table Stuttgart , as 20-year-old striker Sebastian Polter marked his second league outing with the only goal in the 74th minute . Hoffenheim and Hertha Berlin drew 1-1 in a mid-table clash that saw both teams reduced to 10 men . Sejad Salihovic put Hoffenheim ahead in the 21st minute then Raffael was sent off for lashing out at the Bosnian on the half-hour . Hoffenheim 's Ghana center-back Isaac Vorsah was also dismissed for bringing down Adrian Ramos just after the hour , and Roman Hubnik netted a last-minute equalizer for the visitors .	Borussia Dortmund and Schalke keep pressure on Bayern Munich with victories Champions Dortmund win 4-1 against Freiburg , who drop to bottom of table Raul scores hat-trick as third-placed Schalke crush Werder Bremen in late match Bayer Leverkusen lose ground on leaders after losing 3-0 against Nuremberg
CNN  -- Rachel Hope was 33 years old when she received a painful reminder : She could n't outrun the past . Hope was trying to help a new assistant at her Maui rental property business , but it was n't going smoothly . Part of it was Hope herself . "  I had this startle reflex , " she explained . "  The phone would ring , and I 'm literally three feet off the floor , screaming . "  My new assistant said , ` You 're driving me crazy ! ' And I would say , ` I 'm really sorry , just please try to ignore it . It 's embarrassing , but let 's keep working . ' " But the young man , a teacher on break , was n't pushed off easily . Soon after , Hope said , "  he walked over to my desk and dropped a stack of papers two inches thick . It was every single PTSD study that was online , and he just said , ` pick one . ' " A few days later , Hope was dialing the number of South Carolina psychiatrist Dr. Michael Mithoefer . Her plan : to see whether she could free herself of a lifetime of torment by taking a drug he was testing -- a drug most people know as Ecstasy . A teetotaler , Hope was n't looking for a thrill . She 'd been born to a young hippie mother who could n't stand the thought of parking their VW bus in one spot . After seeing psychedelic casualties all along the road , to Hope , drugs signified a lack of control . That was the last thing she needed . It was hard enough to hold things together stone sober . Truth be told , Hope did n't need her new assistant to tell her what the problem was . She just did n't know how to fix it . She 'd been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder , traced to a period of sexual abuse as a child and a life-threatening car accident . She 'd been hospitalized four times for the debilitating symptoms , and stress had caused bleeding ulcers bad enough to send her to the emergency room twice more . Along the way , she tried cognitive behavioral therapy , hypnosis and acupuncture . She tried an established therapy called eye movement desensitization and reprocessing , where a therapist used physical stimuli -- light tapping and guided eye movements -- to try to retrain her brain . It made her eyeballs feel like they would burst out of her head . She tried gestalt therapy , screaming out her rage . "  Nothing worked , " she says . "  I got to the point where I just said , ` I 'm handicapped . I 'm just going to have to live my life like this . ' It was pretty horrible . " A formal plan More than 7 million Americans suffer from PTSD , and by most estimates , only half of them -- at best -- are ever cured . A decade ago , the widely acknowledged need for better treatments opened the door to Mithoefer and his unconventional approach . By the time he took Hope 's call in February 2005 , the soft-spoken , ponytailed Mithoefer had managed to convince the Drug Enforcement Administration to green-light a study of Ecstasy as an adjunct to psychotherapy . Of course , he was n't calling it Ecstasy . Neither were the scientists from the Food and Drug Administration and certainly not the DEA agents who had picked over Mithoefer 's bungalow in Charleston , South Carolina , making sure it was "  secure " in case drug-hunting criminals tried to break in and grab the stash . He 'd gotten the 3,4-methylenedioxy-methylamphetamine  MDMA  -- the chemical name for pure Ecstasy -- from Rick Doblin , the founder of a MAPS , the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies . The group 's stated purpose is to develop "  medical , legal and cultural contexts for people to benefit from the careful uses of psychedelics and marijuana . " It wants to turn mind-altering drugs like Ecstasy into prescription medicine . The advocacy unsettles some people , but this was no Timothy Leary operation . Doblin says he was determined to do things the right way . "  Doing science that gets reported , that 's an idea we can sort of leverage , " Doblin said . To win broader acceptance for MDMA -- and for cousins like LSD and psilocybin , the mind-altering compound in so-called magic mushrooms -- "  the medical route was the only route . Everything else was blocked . " That meant a formal plan for drug development : study protocols , institutional review boards and the rest . Mithoefer , a University of Virginia-trained clinician who specializes in trauma and had a long-running interest in MDMA , was the perfect partner . When Mithoefer enrolled the first patient in the new study in 2004 , U.S. troops were in Iraq fighting the longest-running war in American history . They just did n't know it yet . Even then , there were men and women jumping out of their shoes at the sound of a car horn and waking up in the middle of the night drenched in sweat from another nightmare . But most troops had n't come home yet . America was n't ready . A sense of crisis was years away , but Mithoefer -- and other specialists in psychological trauma -- were bracing for a wave of tortured souls . Before taking Hope 's call , the doctor had spent nearly three years navigating the federal bureaucracy to win approval for his small experiment , designed to test a simple question : Is MDMA , used in a clinical setting , safe ? The point is sometimes lost , but even today , civilians make up the vast majority of people struggling with PTSD . As Mithoefer launched his research , he would n't be working with veterans . He 'd be working with civilians , mostly female survivors of sexual assault . All had tried conventional treatments -- either therapy or medication -- without success . On average , they had suffered their debilitating symptoms for 19 years . Hope was patient No. 7 . ` It just would n't stop ' Hope was used to putting on a front . To a casual visitor , she seemed fine . Her rental property business in Hawaii earned a steady living , and she and a close friend were happily raising a 13-year-old son through an unconventional co-parenting arrangement . She was restless on Maui , but after a bumpy childhood , it seemed she 'd found a kind of peace . But you did n't have to look hard to see a dark side . "  I was argumentative and defensive , and I was very angry , " she recalled . "  I was having panic attacks and anxiety attacks and all the physical problems that come with it . I had irritable bowel syndrome , and I could n't sleep . " To survive , she pushed people away . "  It makes intimate relationships very difficult , " she said . "  Some part of me was on guard , and it just would n't stop . " To be continued in Sunday 's story	Rachel Hope suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder for years In 2005 , she investigated an experimental new treatment : Ecstasy Dr. Michael Mithoefer convinced the DEA to green-light a study of the treatment More than 7 million Americans suffer from PTSD
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt braced for a "  march of millions " in anti-government protests Tuesday as embattled President Hosni Mubarak tried to throw up literal and figurative roadblocks in the way of demonstrators calling for his ouster . Major demonstrations are planned for Cairo , Alexandria and other cities , the latest in a series of rallies that began a week ago . Protesters have defied orders for a curfew , and the country 's powerful military announced Monday that it would not open fire on peaceful demonstrators . A leading opposition figure told CNN that the United States needs to be ready to "  let go of Mubarak , " a longtime ally . "  You should n't be behind the curve , and you need to start building confidence with the people , and not with the people who are smothering the people , " Mohamed ElBaradei , the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Mubarak 's newly appointed vice president , longtime intelligence chief Omar Suleiman , announced Monday that he had begun discussing reform with opposition parties . Speaking on the state television network , Suleiman said a reform package should be drawn up "  expeditiously . " "  The other parties will also have a role to play , which will lead to real political reform , " Suleiman said . But there were no details of what proposals might be on the table , nor was there any immediate reaction from opposition figures or any indication of which parties were taking part . And at the same time , the government has shut down the country 's rail network , posted troops at key locations , closed banks and schools and pulled the plug on mobile phone and internet service ahead of Tuesday 's protests . Mubarak has ruled Egypt for nearly 30 years under a sweeping emergency decree , imposed after the 1981 assassination of his predecessor , Anwar Sadat . A wave of protests against his regime erupted following the uprising in Tunisia that ousted its longtime strongman January 14 , and Arab League Secretary-General Amre Moussa -- Mubarak 's former foreign minister -- called Monday for a peaceful transition of power "  from an era to the other , " the French news agency AFP reported . Egypt 's military announced Monday evening that it recognized "  the legitimate demands of the honest citizens " and would not open fire on peaceful protesters . "  The presence of the armed forces in the Egyptian streets is for your benefit to protect your safety and peace , " an unnamed spokesman announced on state television Monday night . "  Your armed forces will not use violence against this great people , who have always played a significant role in every moment of Egypt 's great history . " And human rights activist and blogger Ramy Raoof told CNN 's "  Parker Spitzer " that troops are mingling with demonstrators in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . "  There is no aggressive behavior from the army toward the peaceful assemblies , " he said early Tuesday . "  We hope that within a few hours , the same also will happen . We hope the army will not escalate violence against us . " Though Mubarak has given no indication that he will bow to demands for his ouster , he fired his Cabinet on Saturday , and his designation of Suleiman as vice president marks the first time he has filled that post since he came to power in 1981 . Monday , Mubarak swore in Mahmoud Wagdy as the new interior minister to replace Habib el-Adly , who has been criticized by protesters because of police actions . Others sworn in on Monday were Finance Minister Samir Radwan , a former economist at the International Labor Organization , and Health Minister Ahmed Hosni Farid . Radwan told CNN 's "  Quest Means Business " that his priority is "  to show that this is a government that responds to the demands -- the fair demands , I would say -- of the people in Tahrir Square . " "  We need to use public expenditure to achieve some sort of social justice and a better distribution of the fruits of growth , as to the bottom 40 % of this country , " Radwan said . At the same time , he said , Egypt should n't sacrifice economic reforms and gains "  that enabled it to stand the storm of two successive crises -- the food crisis and the financial crisis . " State television reported Monday that the crisis has cost the country an estimated 69 billion Egyptian pounds  nearly $ 12 billion  and set its economy back six months . Meanwhile , there are international indications that the world could accept a changed Egypt without Mubarak . In Washington , U.S. officials have been calling for an "  orderly transition " that will include free elections in September , when Mubarak 's current term expires . "  The United States government does not determine who 's on the ballot , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters . "  The question is whether or not those elections are going to be free and fair . That 's what we would weigh in on and weigh in on strongly . " While it was widely believed Mubarak was grooming his son , Gamal , as his successor , that plan now has been complicated by demands for democracy . ElBaradei is one of several opposition figures whose names surface when protesters talk about possible future leaders of Egypt . Another possibility is Moussa , a veteran diplomat who was Mubarak 's foreign minister until 2001 . But several opposition movements have been represented on the streets in the demonstrations , and Raoof said , "  There is no leader for the revolution . " "  There is no political group leading the people . There is no one leading the people . People are going in a very organic way ... people are just doing it . " Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour , secretary-general of the Wafd Party , told CNN the group 's followers have been "  extremely active . " In Alexandria , an armored personnel carrier fired warning shots Monday as about 2,000 to 3,000 people gathered . The shots were seen as an apparent effort to intimidate protesters near a hotel .	NEW : Egypt tries to cut off travel , communications ahead of new rallies NEW : "  There is no aggressive behavior from the army , " activist says Mubarak 's VP promises reform , and the army says it wo n't shoot protesters U.S. needs to "  let go of Mubarak , " ElBaradei says
CNN  -- AC Milan reclaimed second place in Italy 's Serie A with a tempestuous 2-1 victory at Napoli on Monday night which saw the home side reduced to 10 men for half the game before a near-brawl erupted late in the match . Milan reduced Lazio 's lead to two points after eight rounds thanks to a goal in each half from forwards Robinho and Zlatan Ibrahimovic , putting Massimiliano Allegri 's team two clear of third-placed city rivals Inter . Napoli , who were left in sixth place , had midfielder Michele Pazienza sent off in first-half injury-time for a second handball offense but managed to reduce the deficit with 12 minutes to play with an ingenious effort from striker Ezequiel Lavezzi . Milan went into the match hoping to capitalize on defending champions Inter 's 1-1 draw with Sampdoria on Sunday , and made the perfect start when Robinho opened the scoring in the 22nd minute . The Brazil star , starting in place of injured compatriot Ronaldinho , calmly sidefooted home a left-foot shot from the edge of the area following a fine cutback from substitute Massimo Oddo . Oddo , who came on for defender Luca Antonini , had found space down the right with Napoli down to 10 men as Christian Maggio received treatment for a head injury suffered in the collision that saw the Milan player leave the field 10 minutes earlier . Maggio was then replaced by Algeria international Hassan Yebda , and matters got worse for Napoli when Pazienza was sent off in the first minute of time added on . However , Lavezzi almost equalized before the halftime whistle blew with a superb header that required a flying save from Milan keeper Christian Abbiati . Abbiati was again called into action on the hour mark when he denied a fierce effort from Slovakia midfielder Marek Hamsik as Napoli continued to press forward , but Ibrahimovic made it 2-0 in the 71st minute with his third league goal since returning to Serie A from Barcelona . The Sweden striker bulleted in a powerful header from another Oddo cross that keeper Morgan De Sanctis could only deflect into his net . But Napoli hit back seven minutes later when Lavezzi picked himself off the floor following a goalmouth scramble to scoop a delightful flick over Abbiati and in off the crossbar . Tensions boiled over in the 83rd minute when Salvatore Aronica appeared to catch Robinho in the face with a flying arm , resulting in Kevin Prince-Boateng racing in with a rash challenge on the Napoli midfielder before confronting him . Aronica and the Ghana midfielder were both booked along with Napoli 's Argentine defender Hugo Campagnaro as players piled in from both sides , including Ibrahimovic -- who appeared to be sent off after encroaching on the pitch following his earlier substitution . Napoli forced two corners in the five minutes of time added on but could not level despite De Sanctis joining in the attacks , giving Milan a morale-boosting win ahead of this weekend 's clash with fifth-placed Juventus . Meanwhile , promoted Real Sociedad moved up to 11th place in Spain 's La Liga after a 3-0 win at home to struggling Deportivo La Coruna on Monday night . Striker Joseba Llorente opened the scoring in the 17th minute from from Alberto de la Bella 's cross , and 19-year-old French winger Antoine Griezmann made it 2-0 with 20 minutes to play with a second headed strike before a bizarre celebration which saw him jump behind the wheel of a car parked on the side of the pitch . Striker Imanol Agirretxe sealed the victory in the 86th minute after being set free by fellow substitute Jeffrey Sarpong to leave 1999-2000 Spanish champions Deportivo languishing second from bottom in the table .	AC Milan move above city rivals Inter with a 2-1 win at 10-man Napoli Rossoneri close gap on leaders Lazio as Robinho and Zlatan Ibrahimovic score Napoli 's Michele Pazienza sent off in first-half injury-time but Ezequiel Lavezzi reduces deficit Real Sociedad move up to 11th place in Spain after crushing struggling Deportivo 3-0
CNN  -- The judge in the sodomy trial of Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim handed him a key victory Tuesday when he ruled that DNA taken from items Anwar used in his police jail cell is inadmissible . Authorities had hoped to swipe DNA taken from a toothbrush , water bottle and hand towel in Anwar 's cell -- and compare it with the DNA recovered from semen left in his accuser 's body . "  None of their witnesses gave evidence that Anwar drank from the bottle of water or used the towel or toothbrush , " said defense lawyer Sankara Nair . "  The items were taken from the police cell and anybody could have used them . So the evidence was lacking from the start . " "  If the prosecutors ca n't link Anwar 's DNA to the boy 's body semen , which is the main crux of the case , then they do n't have a case , " she added . "  So that 's why we feel a big chunk of the case is gone . " Sodomy , even if consensual , is punishable by 20 years in prison in the majority-Muslim country . Anwar has pleaded not guilty to the charge . Investigators arrested Anwar in July 2008 -- four months after a loose coalition of opposition parties he led made gains on the ruling party in parliamentary elections . "  I do n't believe that I 'm going to get a fair trial , " Anwar told CNN in February 2010 . "  A fair trial would require a competent , independent judge to immediately strike out the charge because any sexual assault must have a case to support the charge . " Anwar has called his arrest a "  dirty trick and conspiracy " orchestrated by authorities who are trying to discredit him . "  They think that by doing this they can frustrate the opposition because they think the coalition will be more fragile without me , " said Anwar , who oversees a multiethnic opposition alliance and his own Justice Party . "  Clearly they have underestimated the commitment of the  parties  . " The U.S. State Department has said that Anwar 's arrest "  raises serious questions and concerns . " Anwar was the heir apparent to former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad until 1998 , when he was sacked and charged for corruption and sodomy . Anwar spent six years in prison after being convicted on corruption charges in 1999 and on sodomy charges involving his wife 's former driver in 2000 . Malaysia 's highest court overturned the sodomy conviction and ordered him released from prison in 2004 . However , the corruption verdict was never lifted , barring him from running for political posts until 2008 . A loose coalition of opposition parties -- with Anwar at the helm -- won 82 of 222 parliamentary seats in elections in March of that year . It was the second time in the country 's history that the ruling party failed to gain the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution . Anwar has said the investigators trying to build a case against him are the same ones who hid evidence that could have cleared him in his sodomy-related conviction in 1999 .	Authorities had hoped to compare the DNA to that taken from the victim The main crux of the prosecution 's case was the DNA , defense says Sodomy can result in a 20-year sentence in Malaysia even if consensual
Tikrit , Iraq  CNN  Mass graves believed to hold Iraqi soldiers have been discovered in newly liberated Tikrit . Up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered . ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher , a fortified Iraqi base near Tikrit . A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit , an Iraqi government official said Tuesday . Hundreds are believed to have been executed by ISIS in June 2014 Grieving Iraqis , apparently not related to the soldiers , gathered to pray over the bodies . When the first three bodies were found , 10 Iraqi soldiers saluted the dead by firing seven shots into the air . The national anthem was played while soldiers wept . All the bodies were decomposed . Some had their hands bound , Damon said . The remains will be sent back to Baghdad for DNA tests to establish identify , said Ali Tahir , a director in the Iraqi morgue who was supervising the digging and extraction . Damon said there may be eight mass graves inside the presidential palace complex , which contains the residences of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein , and two other sites outside the city . The presidential palaces complex became ISIS headquarters after the militants occupied the city . Iraqi soldiers and Shiite militias retook Tikrit a few days ago after a fierce battle . Damon interviewed a soldier who said he survived the massacre by playing dead . The solider said ISIS captured the troops outside Camp Speicher and marched them to the presidential palace complex , telling them they would be safe until a prisoner swap was arranged . Once inside the compound , the soldiers were separated into smaller groups , executed and buried in mass graves , the survivor told Damon . He said he was tossed into a river and floated to an embankment . On Monday , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said revenge is not the way to deal with the discovery of the bodies . He said several people involved in the killings have been detained . Families of the missing soldiers had been demanding answers from the Iraqi government about what happened . As ISIS swept through northern Iraq in June , some military units were ordered to Camp Speicher . Their families claim the men received orders from their commanders to leave the base and move closer to Baghdad . They left unarmed and in civilian clothes , they say . Military commanders and the Iraqi Defense Ministry denied any such orders being issued and said the men deserted . ISIS released videos that showed what seemed to be an endless line of military recruits marched at gunpoint and later posted images showing cold-blooded mass killings . Damon said Iraqi officials told her it may take weeks or months to exhume all the bodies . Human Rights Watch described the "  Speicher Massacre " -- as it has been dubbed in Iraq -- as the "  largest reported incident " where "  ISIS captured more than 1,000 soldiers fleeing Camp Speicher ... then summarily executed at least 800 of them . " Based on satellite imagery and witness testimony , Human Rights Watch last year was able to identity a number of mass grave sites inside Tikrit and the presidential palace complex . The families gave DNA samples to the Iraqi Ministry of Health last year so authorities would be able to match them to unidentified bodies the government may find . CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from Tikrit , and Ralph Ellis wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two mass graves Iraqis find mass graves inside presidential palace compound in Tikrit ISIS claimed to have executed 1,700 Iraqi soldiers captured outside Camp Speicher
CNN  -- The Tamil Tigers have been invited by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to lay down their arms after government forces retook the city of Kilinochchi Friday , once the center of power for the rebel group . Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa has called on the Tamil Tigers to stop fighting . But while Colombo celebrated the government success with fireworks , within an hour a suicide bomber abruptly shattered whatever hopes the president may have had for immediate peace . The bomber , riding a motorcycle , blew himself up outside air force headquarters in Colombo , killing two air force police officers and a member of the bomb-disposal unit , authorities said . The new year may signal a turn in Sri Lanka 's conflict -- but it is unlikely to be an end . The Tamil Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka 's independence in 1948 . But since then they have grown from a political group intent on protecting their rights to a fierce rebel movement classified by the United States and others as a terrorist organization . The conflict between the Tigers and the government has lasted more than 25 years and left at least 65,000 people dead . The Tigers are part of the island 's minority Tamils , an ethnic group that has lived on the island for centuries since their ancestors came over from southern India . These Sri Lankan Tamils are distinct from Indian Tamils , an even smaller minority , who came with the British colonists in the 19th century . Sri Lanka 's majority Sinhalese have lived on the island much longer than the Tamils and represent about three-quarters of the population , according to the U.S. State Department . Most historians believe they came over from northern India in the 6th century B.C. . It was Sri Lanka 's post-independence government that sparked the rise of the Tamil Tigers . After 1948 , Tamils started growing uneasy with the country 's unitary government and apprehensive that the Sinhalese might abuse Tamil rights . They felt marginalized when S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike became prime minister after winning the 1956 elections on a platform of Sinhalese nationalism . The Tamils bristled at his declaration that Sinhala would be the official language and protested against government policies deemed favorable to the Sinhalese . Violence and radicalization started to grow during the following decades , and by the 1970s , Tamil politicians were demanding a separate Tamil state -- Tamil Eelam -- in northern and eastern Sri Lanka , the Tamils ' traditional homeland . Other Tamil groups , however , sought a separate state by force . Among them were the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  , founded in 1976 -- and now simply known as the Tamil Tigers . The violence still raging today intensified in 1983 , when the Tamil Tigers killed 13 Sinhalese soldiers . It led to the largest outburst of violence in the island 's history , with hundreds of Tamils killed , tens of thousands left homeless and more than 100,000 fleeting to south India , according to the U.S. State Department . The government began trying to suppress the Tamil Tigers in the north and east while the Tigers launched terrorist attacks in the capital of Colombo and elsewhere . Fighting has continued for the most part since then , halted briefly by a handful of peace agreements , some of them high-profile . Under an accord signed with India in 1987 , the government gave in to some Tamil demands , including devolution of power to the provinces and official status for the Tamil language . But fighting continued . The Tamils fought an Indian peacekeeping force deployed in the north and east as part of the 1987 accord , and after years of bloody fighting , the Indians withdrew in early 1990 . The United States designated the LTTE as a foreign terrorist organization in 1997 . In February 2002 , Sri Lanka 's government and the LTTE signed a cease-fire agreement at Norwegian-sponsored talks . But the LTTE dropped out of the negotiations a year later , claiming they were being marginalized . They launched a suicide bombing campaign the next year . The Tigers stepped up their attacks in April 2006 with an explosion at a Sinhalese market and two suicide bombings that killed a top army commander and seriously wounded another . Weeks later , the European Union designated the LTTE as a terrorist organization . Sri Lankan government forces engaged the rebels in heavy fighting in 2008 in the Kilinochchi region , once the capital and center of political power for the Tamil Tigers . The Tigers ran a parallel administration from Kilinochchi with their own police force , courts , prisons and taxes . But after Sri Lanka launched a new offensive against the rebels in the autumn , the insurgents moved their nerve center and logistics bases to Mullaitivu , on the northeastern coast . After hovering on the outskirts of Kilinochchi for more than a month , government troops retook the city . Rajapaksa declared it a "  victory against separatism " -- but violence soon followed .	Conflict between Tamil Tigers and government has lasted more than 25 years At least 65,000 killed , thousands homeless , 100,000-plus fled to south India Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka 's independence in 1948 The group has demanded a separate Tamil state in northern and eastern Sri Lanka
CNN  -- Poland 's former deputy prime minister Andrzej Lepper was found dead in his apartment in the capital , Warsaw , on Thursday , his party said in a statement . Lepper , 57 , who headed Poland 's populist Self-Defense Party , served as deputy prime minister from 2006 to 2007 , as part of a coalition government led by the Law and Justice Party . He also served as agriculture minister . His party paid tribute to a "  distinguished politician , statesman " who had founded and led the party and Trade Union of Farmers ' Self Defense . He first rose to national prominence in the 1990s , when he helped organize mass protests by farmers over a lack of state help for those affected by a disastrous drought , his party 's website says , forming the trade union and then the party . The party statement said he had left its members "  suddenly , leaving a better world of truth and love , as a true Catholic who believed sincerely and warmly . " His legacy was a vision of a more just world , the party said . Lepper 's "  third way " politics called for a different approach to capitalism , through "  a social-economic system that would effectively combine freedom of enterprise with social responsibilities of the state , " according to the party 's website . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Andrzej Lepper was a former deputy prime minister and agriculture minister A populist , he founded his trade union and political party to help suffering farmers His Self-Defense Party paid tribute to a "  distinguished politician , statesman "
CNN  -- Fifty years ago , President John F. Kennedy came to Houston and told the world that the United States would go to the moon before the end of the 1960s . On Friday , Houston 's MD Anderson Cancer Center is announcing its own "  Moon Shots Program , " aimed at significantly reducing the number of deaths from a handful of cancers by the end of this decade . Inspired by Kennedy 's words , Dr. Ronald DePinho , president of the large cancer treatment and research center , is launching this project in two parallel tracks : "  One is to apply the existing knowledge , to make a near-term impact in this decade , " he said . "  The second is to also say , ` We do not know everything we need to know to ultimately cure the disease . ' " The cancer center calls the program "  an unprecedented effort to dramatically accelerate the pace of converting scientific discoveries into clinical advances that reduce cancer deaths . " "  The Moon Shots Program signals our confidence that the path to curing cancer is in clearer sight than at any other time in history , " DePinho says . Doctors at MD Anderson believe that dying from cancer can eventually be as rare as dying from pneumonia . And DePinho believes this can happen sooner rather later for patients suffering from the following five types of cancer : -- lung cancer -- melanoma -- triple negative breast cancer and ovarian cancer  which are very similar on the molecular level -- prostate cancer -- acute myeloid leukemia/myelodysplastic syndrome & chronic lymphocytic leukemia  blood cancers These types of cancers were chosen by a panel of 25 experts from within and outside MD Anderson based on what 's known about prevention , treatment and survivorship as well as the likelihood of reducing the number of deaths . Lung cancer is the No. 1 cancer killer worldwide , in part because the cancer is usually found when it 's already spread . A good way to screen for this cancer is still elusive . That 's why good screening tools are so crucial . "  If you catch stage 1 lung cancer , you 're dealing with about a 20 % , mortality as opposed to advanced-stage cancers where you 're dealing with about 10 % survival , " DePinho tells CNN . One of MD Anderson 's experts has developed a blood test in mice that can more accurately determine who should have a CT screening . Part of this "  moon shot " will include making this test useful in humans . Skin cancer , meanwhile , is the most common form of cancer , but it 's usually not fatal , except for the 5 % who are diagnosed with the deadliest form : melanoma . Cancer now No. 1 killer of U.S. Hispanics DePinho says he 's leveraging the knowledge gained from treating more than 100,000 patients each year with the skills of the thousands of doctors and researchers to significantly improve the detection , treatment and survival rates of cancer , as well as preventing the disease in the first place . Forty years after President Richard Nixon declared war on cancer , MD Anderson plans to move the battle to a new level by taking advantage of the many technological advances . For example , doctors can now analyze the DNA of a patient or a tumor in a matter of hours and for only hundreds of dollars , something that took 10 years and cost billions when the first genome was sequenced . Knowing specifics about a patient 's genetics can help doctors determine who will benefit from an existing drug and who will not , so patients are n't wasting time and money on a very expensive drug that will not help their cancer . The cancer center is backing this project with a $ 3 billion investment over the next decade . "  Those funds will come from institutional earnings , philanthropy , competitive research grants and commercialization of new discoveries , " he says . The project is scheduled to launch in February 2013 . Stress , depression may affect cancer survival CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	"  Moon Shots Program " will accelerate research focusing on five types of cancer Program signals confidence a cure is in clearer sight than ever , official says It will be funded by a $ 3 billion investment over the next decade
Los Angeles   CNN  -- Federal agents have arrested a California man who allegedly attempted to export a U.S. military fighter jet to Iran , authorities announced Friday . The arrest followed a seven-month government sting operation , authorities announced . Marc Knapp , 35 , also was charged in a criminal complaint with two felony counts of attempting to export other aircraft parts and controlled technology . Knapp has agreed to plead guilty to the charges , according to Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Kravetz , who is prosecuting the case . According to unsealed court documents , the case began to unfold after "  a cooperating defendant " in the operation introduced Knapp to an undercover agent . As part of the sting , the agent met with Knapp on several occasions at locations in California , Pennsylvania , Delaware , and Budapest , Hungary , the court papers say . The documents say Knapp broached to an undercover agent the idea of obtaining an F-5B fighter jet from a source in California . Knapp allegedly told the agent that the "  Iranians " might be interested in the fighter jet and other items , and allegedly said he wlould not be concerned if the jet or the other items ended up in Iran . In July , Knapp allegedly sent a contract for the fighter jet to the undercover agent and demanded a $ 3.25 million purchase price . Knapp was arrested in Delaware in July while negotiating plans to fly the aircraft from California to the East Coast , where it subsequently was to be crated and shipped to Hungary and eventually Iran , the documents state . The Northrop-designed supersonic fighter jet is part of a group of aircraft used by the U.S. Air Force during the Vietnam War and by the Navy and Marines as a stand-in for "  aggressor " fighters in training exercises . But it has primarily been an export plane sold to other militaries . During their meetings , Knapp also informed the agent that he had various defense parts and allegedly admitted procuring an F-14 ejection seat , which was sold to the agent by another source . Over the course of their interaction , Knapp provided the agent with various lists containing items for sale , including fighter jet emergency manuals , survival radios and antigravity suits , according to court documents . "  Homeland Security Investigations will continue to pursue those who are willing to put America 's national security at risk , " John P. Kelleghan , special agent in charge of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said in a news release . "  The export of technology to Iran is prohibited so that our innovations can not be used to harm Americans or our allies . " If convicted , Knapp would face a maximum sentence of 40 years in prison and a $ 2 million fine .	The arrest came after a seven-month sting operation , court papers say An undercover agent was brought into the case by "  a cooperating defendant " Marc Knapp said he could obtain an F-5B fighter jet for $ 3.25 million , the papers say Knapp to plead guilty , prosecutor says
CNN  -- The Gulf of Mexico undersea gusher is the largest oil spill in United States history -- possibly already more than twice as big as the Exxon Valdez spill , government estimates suggested Thursday . Scientists observed 130,000 to 270,000 barrels of oil on the water 's surface on May 17 , and think a similar amount had already been burned , skimmed , dispersed or evaporated . That would mean 260,000 to 540,000 barrels had leaked as of 10 days ago . The Exxon Valdez leaked about 250,000 barrels into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in 1989 . The busted well is spewing oil at a rate of at least 12,000 to 19,000 barrels a day , U.S. Geological Survey chief Marcia McNutt told reporters Thursday . A barrel of oil has 42 gallons , so that 's 504,000 to 798,000 gallons a day . That 's more than twice as much as previous estimates , which put the rate at 5,000 barrels , or 210,000 gallons , per day . It 's also the more conservative estimate of two reached by two separate teams of government scientists who used two different methods , McNutt told reporters Thursday . One team looked at the oil on the surface and came up with the estimate of 12,000 to 19,000 barrels per day . A second team used a different method and came up with a range of 12,000 to 25,000 barrels per day , McNutt said . The official estimate uses the range where the estimates overlap . The lower end of the government estimate -- 12,000 barrels per day -- would mean that about 18.6 million gallons of oil has been spilled since the April 20 oil rig explosion that started the leak . The higher end -- 19,000 barrels per day -- would mean 29.5 million gallons has been spilled . The Exxon Valdez spilled about 11 million gallons of oil . Worldwide , there have been more than a dozen bigger oil spills than the Gulf spill . The worst was the destruction of Kuwaiti terminals and tankers by Saddam Hussein 's forces during the 1991 Gulf war , which spilled 240 million gallons , according to the Oil Spill Intelligence Report . The amount of oil spilled could have very specific financial ramifications for BP . If the government finds the company negligent or the leak avoidable , BP will owe royalties on the lost oil , Minerals Management Service spokesman Nicholas Pardi told CNN . "  Now we know the true scale of the monster we are fighting in the Gulf , " said Jeremy Symons , senior vice president of the National Wildlife Federation . "  BP has unleashed an unstoppable force of appalling proportions . It 's as if two Exxon Valdez tankers have already run aground , and more are on the way if they do n't get this hole plugged . "  This independent government estimate shows what we expected all along -- BP can not be trusted , because every gallon of oil that is spilled means they will pay more in fines and liability , " Symons said . The estimates are preliminary and based on new methodologies , McNutt said in a teleconference . The first team , which got the lower estimate , analyzed how much oil was on the surface of the Gulf of Mexico on a given date , using aerial imaging . They estimated that "  130,000 to 270,000 barrels  were  on the surface of the Gulf of Mexico on May 17 , " McNutt said . "  We estimate that , in addition , as of May 17 a similar volume of oil had already been burned , skimmed , dispersed or evaporated , " she said . That led those scientists to the range of 12,000 to 19,000 barrels per day . The second group used video observations to arrive at the higher figure . The scientific teams were composed of federal scientists , independent experts and representatives from universities around the country , McNutt said . BP , which owns the well , was not involved except to provide raw data , she said . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , David Mattingly and Courtney Yager , and CNN Radio 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	Gulf spill significantly larger than Exxon Valdez accident of 1989 , estimates indicate Government scientists estimate oil gushing much faster than previously thought Two teams used different methods to estimate flow NEW : Amount of oil spilled could have ramifications if BP is found negligent
CNN  -- The U.S. Army has suspended 55 soldiers from their duties as sexual assault counselors , recruiters and drill instructors after a review turned up violations ranging from alcohol-related offenses to sexual assault and child abuse , an Army official said Friday . The soldiers were identified as part of a review of the records of sexual assault counselors and recruiters ordered by U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel after a Pentagon report released in May found that more than 26,000 troops experienced an episode of "  unwanted sexual contact " in 2012 , a huge jump from the 19,200 figure in a 2010 report . The 55 soldiers who were identified in the ongoing review "  are no longer assigned to those positions of trust and responsibility , " the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said . The official was not authorized to release details , citing the ongoing review . Fort Carson soldiers accused of sexual misconduct involving minors There has been no official disposition in most of the 55 cases , the official said . The Defense Department has stepped up efforts to hold perpetrators accountable , establishing a special victims unit to handle cases , working to improve tracking of reports and speeding transfers for troops who report a sexual assault by a member of their unit . Military officials worry that many victims do n't come forward because they are frightened of retaliation . Hagel said victims need to be made confident they can rely on the military 's justice system and that commanders will be held responsible . Daughters and moms now consider rape before applying to military The Army has confirmed it is reviewing the records of 20,000 recruiters , sex assault and drill instructors , and that it is on track to finish the review by October 1 . "  We only want the very best to be in these positions of special trust . The steps we are taking are in keeping with our commitment to maintaining the special bonds of trust and confidence between the leader and his or her soldiers , " Army spokesman George Wright said .	The 55 soldiers were identified in Pentagon review of records The soldiers have been relieved from their duties as sex assault counselors and recruiters There has been no official disposition in most of the 55 cases , an official says The records review is expected to be completed by October 1
It was on a platform of the Paris Metro that Michel Desjoyeaux realized he finally had to snap out of it . He was just back from nearly 100 days sailing around the globe with no sighting of another human being , his only contact to the outside world a satellite phone . His body was , in essence , still on red alert for any obstacle in his midst . "  Waiting for the train , a guy was in the way of the doors and I just yanked him out of the way , " recalls the 48-year-old , who just days earlier had returned to France victorious from the grueling Vendee Globe race . "  I was still in that mindset of not letting anything get in my way . It was unhealthy . It was then I said to myself , ` Michel , the race is over now . ' But it 's hard as solo racing just takes over your body and mind . " It is 45 years since British yachtsman Robin Knox-Johnston became the first man to perform a singlehanded , nonstop circumnavigation of the globe , achieving the feat in 312 days . He was the only person to finish of the eight-man field in the Golden Globe Race , during which one competitor Donald Crowhurst died -- having committed suicide after attempting to fake the details of his own round-the-world attempt . So what makes someone decide to take on such a daunting challenge ? To spend months away from family and friends , coping on a mere four hours of sleep a night -- most of that broken -- while tackling monster waves on the world 's most challenging waters ? For Knox-Johnston , also the oldest person to sail around the planet solo , aged 68 back in 2007 , the lure of such a perilous challenge is obvious . "  It 's what I do -- I do the sea , " he says unapologetically . "  To people it may seem dangerous , foolish even but , for me , it 's not a strange environment . It 's not alien to me , it 's where I 'm happiest . "  As for circumnavigating the globe that first time , I did n't want to get to 90 years old and think what I could have done . It was dangerous , particularly as no-one had done it before , so you could n't read up on it , and frequently you feel in danger . Having 27 meters crashing down on your boat will make you feel that way . " See : The best sailing images of 2013 Back in 1968 , there was none of the communications enjoyed by today 's sailors , requiring instinct more than anything else . So how did Knox-Johnston 's voyage compare nearly four decades on ? "  You realize that round-the-world sailing is a young man 's game , " he says . Desjoyeaux is one of the best modern-day exponents of solo sailing -- the only two-time winner of the prestigious Vendee Globe , in 2001 and 2009 -- and he was born into the sailing fraternity . His father , who served in the Resistance during World War Two , founded Glenans Sailing School -- which teaches 15,000 trainees each year . Nicknamed "  The Professor , " Desjoyeaux is more than just a sailor , he is also an innovator . He writes software for the auto-pilot systems used by many sailors , and has also been integral in developing boating equipment , including the introduction of a sideways-swinging keel 11 years ago . Despite his wide-ranging proficiency , he is no stranger to adversity on the open seas . Just last month , his yacht dismasted while leading the two-handed Trans-Atlantic race from Le Havre in France to Itajai in Brazil , just 140 miles  260 kilometers  from the finishing line . Speaking by satellite phone to CNN just hours before that moment on board his vessel MACIF , he explained why he first set out on the solo voyages . "  First , your life is too short to do something you do n't want to do , " he says . "  Second , you will not be efficient because you do n't want to do it , and third the most important one is if you do n't want to do it then you will make mistakes and then not be efficient . "  In safety terms , that 's when things go wrong . Before anything else , you have to want to do it , otherwise that 's it , no point . " Desjoyeaux says the all-consuming nature of the racing  "  24 hours of the day , you 're just trying to optimize everything "  means it is a completely different way of life , hence his personal struggles to get back into everyday norms on land . He says the Vendee Globe , a three-month ordeal held every four years , is "  the most complete and perfect race you can imagine . "  So when I finished the first time , I was sure I 'd come back - it was still something I wanted to do . " It is common to see sharks and dolphins in the water , as well as whales -- although the large mammals are to be avoided at all costs because of the damage they can do to a vessel , which is often battling treacherous seas . "  I do n't think there is too much danger as safety on the boat is always No. 1 , " says Desjoyeaux . "  I do n't take too many risks . If it 's dangerous , I slow down and do it properly . I want to keep my life . " Traveling around the world in a vessel is not just about being a master sailor , a tactician or mentally strong . It is also about being a businessman and raising the funds required to get such an expedition off the ground . Budgets for the 2008-9 Vendee Globe were around $ 10 million  $ 13.8 million  for the very top boats , each of the leading boats costing about $ 3.5 million  $ 4.8 million  . Such numbers makes British racer Steve White 's achievement at that race all the more impressive . He arrived on the start line not knowing if he even had enough funds to compete . Under competition rules , all boats taking part having to be in the harbor at Les Sables-d'Olonne three weeks before the start date . Just to get to that point , he had remortgaged his and his wife 's house four times in order to buy the boat on which he aimed to compete . He had two weeks in which to raise # 200,000  $ 328,000  to fund the trip , a big sum but small fry in global sailing terms . "  I had this green energy company all set to sponsor me to the tune of # 100,000 , as well as another businessman to another # 100,000 , " he recalls . "  The green energy company were on board , they just needed things to be signed off in one final meeting . But then they went quiet and finally I got word that they were n't going ahead . "  So I went back to the guy  the businessman , who to this day has asked to remain nameless  and said I could n't match his # 100,000 so I did n't expect him to fulfill his side of the bargain . So I thought I 'd have to face the embarrassment of sailing away before the start in front of everyone . "  He just said , ` I 'll get back to you . ' I carried on but felt sick and did n't hear back . I was struggling with phone reception but got a snippet about four o'clock one morning from my wife to say , ` We 've got the money . ' "  When I finally spoke to her , it transpired this guy had stumped up the entire money . In a flash , I 'd gone from suicidal to being in tears . He 'd essentially sorted me out for the rest of my life by enabling me to do this . " In the end , the trip cost # 245,000 , which White part-funded by being paid his $ 20,000 prize money for finishing eighth in advance . But it was a race against the clock just to get ready , as he and his team worked through the night to get the boat prepared . By the time he set off for his 109 days at sea , he was already shattered . Almost immediately , terrible weather hit in the Bay of Biscay , breaking up the much more expensive boats of his rivals . In all , just 11 of the 30-strong fleet finished . "  I enjoy being alone at sea , and in a weird sort of way love testing myself and seeing if I pass the test , " White says . "  But it 's an odd test . As something breaks , you 're like ` good grief ' and it feels like torture . But then a moment later the weather changes , as quickly as your mood , dolphins are jumping in front of the boat and there 's the most amazing sun -- it 's just a very serene , meditative experience . " White is not done with solo sailing . His next challenge is another solo nonstop circumnavigation , but this time the wrong way -- against the prevailing winds and currents -- before returning for another shot at the Vendee Globe in 2016 . For White , the appeal of such journeys is hard to explain . "  I remember  fellow sailor  Mike Golding saying , ` You ca n't really understand it if you 've not done it . ' I did n't really get that until I did it . Unless you do , you wo n't either . " The record for a solo nonstop circumnavigation is a formidable 57 days , 13 hours and 34 minutes set by Francis Joyon in 2008 -- the fastest Vendee Globe completion , by comparison , was at the 2012-13 staging when Francois Gabart came home in 78 days , two hours and 16 minutes . Yet another Frenchman , Thomas Coville , is now seeking to beat Joyon 's milestone -- having aborted his fourth attempt last month , he is back on the water trying again in his 31-meter maxi-trimaran . Will he break it ? "  It 's a phenomenal record , " says Knox-Johnston , "  but Thomas is a very experienced sailor , and is certainly a guy capable of doing it . The target 's tough right now but that 's the joy of records -- they 're there to be broken . " If he does so , what next for Coville and the rest of the world 's solo sailors ? If you have to ask , it would seem , you clearly do n't understand .	Thomas Coville is the latest to attempt to break the record for solo circumnavigating the globe Robin Knox-Johnston was the first man to do so nonstop , calling it "  where I 'm happiest " "  The Professor " Michel Desjoyeaux insists there is no danger as safety comes first Britain 's Steve White faced a gargantuan uphill struggle in his solo sailing bid
GENEVA , Switzerland  CNN  -- The Obama administration has been talking about "  pressing the reset button " with Russia after relations "  crashed " when Russia invaded Georgia last August . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton laugh about their "  reset ' button . When Secretary of State Hillary Clinton greeted Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Geneva on Friday before sitting down to their working dinner , she presented him a small green box with a ribbon . Inside was a red button with the Russian word "  peregruzka " printed on it . "  I would like to present you with a little gift that represents what President Obama and Vice President Biden and I have been saying and that is : ` We want to reset our relationship and so we will do it together . ' " Clinton , laughing , added , "  We worked hard to get the right Russian word . Do you think we got it ? " she asked Lavrov . "  You got it wrong , " Lavrov said . " Both diplomats laughed . "  It should be "  perezagruzka "  the Russian word for reset ,  Lavrov said . "  This says ` peregruzka , ' which means ` overcharged . ' " The question came up at the news conference afterward . "  In a way , the word that 's on the button turns out to be also true , " Clinton said . "  We are resetting , and because we are resetting , the minister and I have an overload of work . " Asked by a Russian reporter whether he had pressed the button , Lavrov said that he and Clinton did , indeed . "  It is big and red and I hope that Russia and the United States , and other countries will never press on another button which used to be associated with a destructive war , " he said . The "  overload , " Clinton said , is a broad agenda of issues . "  We are going to systematically go through each and every one of them , " she added . Clinton said the two sides will get to work on re-negotiating a follow-up to the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty and nonproliferation . On other issues like Afghanistan , the Middle East and Iran , Clinton said , "  We will work through them . " On issues where there is disagreement , Clinton said , "  We are keeping those on the list because , we think through closer cooperation and building trust in each other , we can even tackle some of those differences . " Lavrov agreed the burden of the agenda for the two countries is "  enormous , " but added : "  I do n't think either Hillary or I have any desire to be freed from any burden . " Clinton called the encounter "  a very productive meeting of the minds . " She said both Lavrov and she are "  very practical-minded " and will create a "  specific set of objectives and responsibilities " to present to presidents Barack Obama and Dmitry Medvedev before the leaders ' first face-to-face meeting in April at the G-20 meeting in London . On the START treaty , she said Russia and the United States intend to have an agreement by the end of this year when the treaty expires and are "  going to get to work immediately " on it . Lavrov was asked about Russian intentions to install S-300 missiles in Iran . He said the decision "  will be made exclusively on the basis of law in accordance with Russian law , and will be under expert control , which is one of the strictest in the world and of course in accordance with international agreements . " Lavrov said the weapons Russia provides to its partners are "  nondestabilizing , defensive weapons . " In an apparent reference to U.S. military supplies to Georgia , Lavrov said , "  We want our partners to act the same way and show restraint in military supplies to those countries where , including very recently , those weapons have been used very close to our borders . " Senior U.S. officials who briefed reporters afterward , however , said they had not read Georgia into the minister 's comments . They said the discussion ranged broadly over a number of areas and "  we now have a very substantive work agenda that they just outlined . " "  It would have been easier and in a first meeting almost natural to be much more general but in this case it was very focused and very productive in laying out steps , " one official said . On the proposed missile defense system the United States is considering installing in Poland and the Czech Republic , one official said , "  Minister Lavrov made it clear he had listened quite attentively to Secretary Clinton 's comments about missile defense ... and I think it 's got them thinking . "	United States , Russia want to "  reset " relations after years of tension Secretary of State Hillary Clinton gives "  reset " button to Russian counterpart Text on button actually translates to "  overcharged " Both countries want to renegotiate Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Virginia prosecutors are asking a state court to set a November 9 execution date for John Allen Muhammad , convicted in a series of sniper-style shootings that terrorized the Washington area in 2002 . John Allen Muhammad was sentenced to death for the slaying of Dean Harold Meyers . In a letter dated Wednesday , Senior Assistant Attorney General Katherine B. Burnett said the November date "  has been carefully coordinated with the governor 's office to insure his availability for any clemency petition Muhammad may wish to pursue . " Burnett enclosed a copy of a proposed execution order "  for the court 's convenience . " Muhammad 's attorney said he will file an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court , and will ask the governor for clemency . During a three-week period in October 2002 , police say , Muhammad and his young protege , Lee Boyd Malvo , shot 13 people , killing 10 . The two also are suspected in other shootings and murders in Tacoma , Washington , Montgomery , Alabama , and the Washington , D.C. , area . Muhammad , now 48 , was convicted of murder in the death of Dean Harold Meyers at a Manassas , Virginia , filling station . Meyers was killed by a single bullet , which became the signature of the two-person sniper team . Ultimately , Muhammad was convicted of the Meyers ' killing and of one Maryland murder , which prosecutors there said was "  insurance " in case the Virginia conviction was overturned . Malvo was convicted of one Virginia shooting and was sentenced to life imprisonment . Muhammad 's attorney , Jon Sheldon , released the prosecutor 's letter Friday . The letter , addressed to the chief judge of the Prince William County Circuit Court , says the court must hold a hearing within 10 days of receiving the letter , and must set an execution date no later than 60 days after the hearing . Since Muhammad is not required to be at the hearing , Burnett asks that the court conduct the hearing by means of a conference call .	Execution date proposed for convicted D.C. sniper John Allen Muhammad Police say Muhammad , Lee Boyd Malvo shot 13 people , killing 10 Muhammad 's lawyer says he will seek clemency
CNN  -- Former England cricket star Chris Lewis was remanded in custody by a British court Tuesday , charged with attempting to smuggle drugs through an airport . Chris Lewis joined Surrey to play in Twenty20 matches for the 2008 season . The 40-year-old all-rounder , who played 32 Tests and 53 one-day internationals for England in the 1990s , was arrested Monday when border officials at London 's Gatwick Airport found cocaine hidden in luggage that had arrived on a flight from the Caribbean island of St. Lucia . Four kilograms of cocaine with a street value of around $ 350,000 was seized by the UK Border Agency , the UK 's Press Association said . The drugs were in a liquid form hidden in fruit tins , officials said . Lewis and basketball player Chad Kirnon , 26 , both from London , were held and questioned by Customs officials and later charged . British Revenue & Customs spokesman Bob Gaiger told PA : "  This was an excellent detection by UK Border Agency officers . "  HMRC , together with UKBA , play a vital role in the fight to prevent illegal drugs from entering the UK and in protecting our communities from the violence and corruption that always accompany this hideous trade . " The two men made a brief appearance at Crawley Magistrates ' Court in West Sussex on Tuesday afternoon , where Lewis had a bail application refused , PA reported . They were remanded in custody to appear via video link in court next Wednesday .	Four kilos of cocaine worth $ 350,000 seized at Gatwick Airport Officials : Drugs were in a liquid form hidden in fruit tins in luggage Chris Lewis played cricket for England during the 1990s
CNN  -- As many as 500 children and adults are being safely evacuated Monday after torrential rain and mudslides trapped them at a Southern California church camp , a spokesman for the San Bernardino County Fire Department told CNN . The Forest Home camp had been trapped behind a mudflow in Forest Falls -- some 80 miles east of Los Angeles -- stranding staff and middle and high school students . "  We 've been able to punch through that last wall of mud so that people on the other side can start making their way out of town , " fire department spokesman Ryan Beckers said . Sudden rainfall Sunday had rendered most roads "  impassable due to mudflows " in Forest Falls , San Bernardino Fire Capt. Kyle Hauducoeur said earlier . Thousands were stranded . Even a local fire station had to be evacuated . So far , there have been no reports of injuries or missing residents in Forest Falls , population 2,000 . Hauducoeur said the damage to homes due to flooding has not been severe . But elsewhere in San Bernardino County , one person was found dead inside a vehicle that was swept off the road and into a creek by floodwater , county fire department spokesman Chris Prater said . And 1,500 people in the nearby community of Glen Oak were stranded due to flash flooding , said Dennis Mathisen of Cal Fire . The downpour combined with the terrain made conditions especially daunting . "  Try to imagine the bands of rains from a hurricane -- that 's what we 're getting , " Hauducoeur said . "  The difference  is  it 's hitting mountains . What was a dry riverbed could become a river 6 feet deep , 20 feet wide . " He said some roads are now covered with 6 to 8 feet of rock , and "  we have a lot of mud to deal with . " Officials are asking residents to stay inside their homes and to call 911 if they need to be rescued . Hauducoeur said two swift-water rescue crews are in the area . Hauducoeur said firefighters expect to be working the Forest Falls area for the next three to four days . But with ongoing wildfires in Northern California , resources will already be stretched thin . The deluge in San Bernadino County came during one of the worst droughts in California history . Much the state is grappling with "  exceptional drought , " according to U.S. Drought Monitor . San Bernardino County has been dealing with "  severe " or "  extreme " drought . Last month , California officials enacted statewide water restrictions involving lawn watering , car washing and ornamental fountains . The dearth has been so bad that some thieves have resorted to stealing water . West 's drought leads to rising prices , shrinking lakes Substantial damage at UCLA after water pipe break Statewide water restrictions during drought CNN 's Joe Sutton and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Hundreds of children and adults are being evacuated from a church camp in Forest Falls One person is found dead after floodwater sweeps a car off the road and into a creek Thousands were stranded in Southern California town
CNN  -- In a victory for whale conservationist group Sea Shepherd , Japan 's government said Thursday it is considering canceling the whaling season . If Japan does so , this would be the first time the country has canceled its whale hunt in the waters of the Antarctic since 2005 , when it began a bitter battle with the animal rights group . "  In response to interference conducted by Sea Shepherd , the Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries has temporarily halted the whaling hunt in the Antarctic Ocean , considering the crew 's safety as a first priority , " Hiroshi Kawamura , an official in charge of research whaling , said on Thursday . "  The ministry is considering what to do hereafter , but the total suspension of this season , which is scheduled to run until mid March , is included in the options . " Sea Shepherd 's Capt. Paul Watson said that the Japanese whalers have not left yet . "  As long as they 're here , we 'll be here , " he said from his ship in the Antarctic . Japan has left its fleet of four whaling vessels in the Antarctic , as it decides what to do about the winter hunt , according to the ministry . The ministry announced Wednesday that it was temporarily halting its controversial whale hunting season , blaming the Sea Shepherd activists for impeding the hunt . Japan annually hunts whales , despite a worldwide moratorium on whaling , under the auspices it is conducting scientific research . The moratorium allows the culling of whales for purposes of scientific research . Critics call Japan 's hunt a cover for commercial whaling , since the whale meat ends up in supermarkets and restaurants . Animal rights groups , from Greenpeace to Sea Shepherd , and the governments of Australia and New Zealand , have publicly condemned Japan 's hunts . Despite the condemnations , Japan continued to hunt whales . Sea Shepherd activists in 2005 started a renegade battle in the high seas against Japan 's whalers . They 've had a number of high profile clashes , most notably last year , when one of Japan 's whaling vessels collided with the Sea Shepherd 's Ady Gil speedboat . The captain of the Ady Gil , Paul Bethune , then snuck aboard the Japanese whaling vessel . Bethune , a New Zealand citizen , was arrested and tried in Japan . Bethune was convicted of assault , vandalism and three other charges but released on a suspended prison term . Sea Shepherd 's Paul Watson says seven years of chasing the Japanese whalers is beginning to pay off . "  Right from the beginning , our objective was to sink the Japanese whaling fleet economically , to bankrupt them . They 're so far in debt right now , they 're financially so strapped , even the Japanese government is saying , how much will we pump into this ? It 's a dying industry . It has no place in the 21st century . I think it 's only a matter of time before they shut it down . "	Japan 's whale hunting activities have been condemned by animal rights groups There is a worldwide moratorium on whaling Japan has continued its whale hunt stating that the country is doing it for scientific purposes
CNET  -- Facebook stopped a phishing attack on Thursday , its second day in a row of dealing with a worm on the site that lures people to a fake Facebook page and prompts them to log in . Facebook has faced two phishing attacks in the past two days but officials are n't sure whether they are related . Unsuspecting Facebook users get a message from a friend urging them to "  check this out " and including a link to a Web page that appears to be a Facebook log-in page , but it is a fake site that steals their information when they type in their username and password . The worm also sends a copy of the message to the infected Facebook member 's contacts . In the latest attack , the Web address was "  FBStarter.com . " In Wednesday 's attack , the address was "  BAction.net . " The attacks were stopped within a few hours in each case , said Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt . He said it was too early to say whether the two phishing attacks are related . "  We are investigating , " Schnitt said . Once Facebook learns of a phishing attack , either by members notifying the company or employees noticing that a URL is being distributed to a lot of people , the company deletes the URL from members ' pages , blocks fresh postings , and removes the redirect to the URL that appears in e-mail messages , Schnitt said . Facebook also goes in and resets the passwords of member accounts that had been used to distribute the spam , he said . The company also alerts anti-fraud partner MarkMonitor , which passes the phishing URL on to the major browsers to block it and contacts ISPs to take the site down , according to Schnitt . To protect against phishing scams , Facebook users should make sure that the URL they are visiting says "  www.facebook.com . " If it does n't use that domain it 's likely to be spam . Also , members that are already logged in to Facebook will not be asked to log in again . "  People should have a healthy dose of suspicion , and ask themselves ` why did I get logged out ? ' " Schnitt said . "  If something looks a little strange you should check the address bar . " Facebook users who think they have been affected by the scam should change their passwords and review their Facebook stream for any unauthorized changes . If they use their Facebook password for other sites , they should change those passwords as well . And if they are using their Facebook authentication to log in to any other sites , they should check for any unauthorized changes on those sites .  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Facebook stopped a phishing attack Thursday , its second day of battling a worm Worm lures people to a fake Facebook page and prompts them to log in The page then steals their information when they type their username and password Facebook spokesman : The attacks were stopped within a few hours in each case
Starting a company can feel like a lonely business . But for a little more than $ 100 a month , Hong Kong resident Ken Chan can develop his start-up , network with like-minded people and relax with a game of ping-pong -- all under the same roof . He is one of a growing number of go-it-alone entrepreneurs and freelancers in Asia leaving their apartments and cafes , and settling into "  co-working " spaces . At these shared offices , they get to work in what is usually a laid-back but professional environment . However , almost just as important for these nomadic workers are the social and emotional benefits of mingling with their own kind . "  Coming here , you can feel supported by other people working on their businesses and feel less alone , " said Chan , who goes to the co-working space CoCoon , where he works on his Internet start-up , wholedaybuy.com . But Chan says not to underestimate the practical advantages of having actual office space in Hong Kong , where high rent makes a permanent office out of reach for many who are just starting out . "  If you want to meet a client , you want to have the space . It 's a physical location to gather people , " he says . Thought to have first started in San Francisco in 2005 with Citizen Space , co-working spaces are now widespread in the U.S. and Europe and are making headway in Asia , courting mostly people in their 20s and 30s working on projects solo or in small teams . There are now dozens of such places in Tokyo , and a handful have opened in Shanghai and Hong Kong . The congested cities seem ready-made for co-working , with cramped apartments that could make working from home unpleasant -- and unimpressive for investors or clients . And going it alone is just starting to catch on in Asia , where people traditionally strive to work for large corporations . "  It 's only becoming acceptable to take the risk of starting tech start-ups or being a freelancer , " says Constant Tedder , the British founder of The Hive in Hong Kong , a co-working space that opened in May . The cost of going to The Hive ranges from $ 40 , for a day pass , to over $ 750 per month for a dedicated desk . Tedder sees the demand throughout Asia and is looking to expand to other cities in the region . For freelancers , who often work in creative industries like design , stuffy cubicles just do not cut it , Tedder said . "  There 's definitely this emerging segment of people who do n't want to project a corporate image , but they want a comfortable space to work , " he says . The Hive touches all the hallmarks that make co-working an attractive alternative to sitting in a coffee shop with a laptop : The space is open , desks equipped with power outlets are meant for sharing , members each get their own lockers , and enclosed meeting rooms provide privacy when needed . And , it hosts informative talks and networking events . Most co-working spaces have a heavy component of building community and encouraging entrepreneurship -- some operators say breaking even is nice but not the primary goal . At CoCoon , which occupies a sprawling 14,000 square feet and has a ping-pong table and meditation room , members must pass an application process , showing that they have something to offer the co-working community , whether it be a solid start-up idea , programming skills , mentorship or investment potential . "  We think Hong Kong can use another place to foster entrepreneurs , and we hope talent can collaborate amongst themselves , " says Erica Ma , one of CoCoon 's founders . CoCoon charges $ 125 per month , which is unusually low , but the founders see the program as a kind of social enterprise to support start-ups and smaller businesses . The space organizes regular events , including a recent talk on brand licensing and BarCamp , a technology conference that originated in the U.S. Entrepreneurs say in the daily grind , which often means hours sitting in front of a laptop , it helps to know that others are doing the same thing . Yet people working on Internet start-ups do not get much support , as the field is still seen as unconventional in Hong Kong . So for Jah Ying Chung , who is starting launchpilots.org , a site that helps young people get involved in social causes , going to CoCoon provides motivation . "  It 's different when you 're always seeing people doing stuff that 's cool . It 's a big impetus , " she says .	Co-working spaces widespread in U.S. , Europe and making headway in Asia These places court mostly people in 20s , 30s working on projects solo or in small teams Freelancing catching on in Asia , where people traditionally work for large corporations Most co-working spaces seek to build community and encouraging entrepreneurship
CNN  -- Years before Jerry Sandusky was charged with child sexual abuse , a psychologist told Penn State police in 1998 that the former assistant football coach acted the way a pedophile might . In her assessment , Alycia Chambers described her involvement in a case in which the mother of a young boy reported that Sandusky had showered with her son and may have had inappropriate contact with him . A redacted version of that evaluation was published Saturday by NBC News . "  My consultants agree that the incidents meet all of our definitions , based on experience and education , of a likely pedophile 's pattern of building trust and gradual introduction of physical touch , within a context of a ` loving , ' ` special ' relationship , " Chambers wrote . The assessment could be significant because it suggests the university was warned about Sandusky , in no uncertain terms , as early as 1998 , but did not stop the alleged abuse . Sandusky , a longtime defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions , is currently under house arrest as he awaits trial on more than 50 counts of child sexual abuse . He has pleaded not guilty . Former school officials Tim Curley and Gary Schultz are charged with perjury and failure to report a crime in relation to the investigation . In addition to Chambers ' evaluation , NBC News released a 1998 campus police report tied to the same sexual misconduct allegations against Sandusky . It described a second evaluation conducted by John Seasock , identified as another psychologist . Like Chambers , he spoke to the child in question about what transpired between him and Sandusky . He went into the interview cold , and reported he found no indication of child abuse . "  Seasock said that he had n't heard of a 52-year-old becoming a pedophile , " the report read . In an e-mail to CNN , Nils Hagen-Frederiksen , spokesman for the Pennsylvania attorney general , declined comment on the 1998 assessment and differing opinions . Penn State rejected a CNN public records request for a copy of the 1998 police report in December . Amy Elizabeth McCall , an assistant general counsel , asserted in a letter to CNN then that Penn State is "  a state-related institution " and not a "  state school " like some in other states , and therefore does not have the same public records requirements as other public institutions . "  Because the 1998 investigation did not result in any criminal charges , it is not criminal history information and the university 's police are thus required by law to keep that information within the police department , " McCall wrote . According to a grand jury 's report released in early November , the mother of one of Sandusky 's accusers -- identified as Victim 6 -- came forward and said the coach had showered with her son and hugged him . Two campus police detectives eavesdropped on conversations in May 1998 when the mother confronted the coach , who retired a year later from the Nittany Lion program . Police later monitored a second conversation that month , in which the mother told Sandusky to stay away from her son . "  I understand . I was wrong , " Sandusky said , according to the grand jury report . "  I wish I could get forgiveness . I know I wo n't get it from you . I wish I were dead . " No charges were ever filed in that instance , and local and state law enforcement authorities did not look deeper into those and other allegations against Sandusky until years later . Howard Janet , attorney for Victim 6 , released a statement soon after news of the report broke on Saturday , blasting Penn State for failing to take action . "  Why was a second opinion sought from someone with a connection to Jerry Sandusky ? Why were reports of inappropriate contact between Sandusky and young boys on the Penn State campus and Penn state activities consistently ignored ? " "  Much of the evidence coming to light points to a conspiracy of silence surrounding Sandusky 's behavior at the expense of children , " he wrote . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The assessment and a police report were released Saturday by NBC News Chambers : Sandusky 's behavior displayed "  a likely pedophile 's pattern " An attorney for an alleged victim suggests a "  conspiracy of silence " Penn State previously rebuffed a CNN request for a copy of the 1998 report
CNN  -- Iranian authorities have buried the body of a political prisoner , who was executed last week , without the presence of his family or friends , his son told CNN . Ali Saremi 's body was buried over the weekend at the Amir-Abad village in Boroujerd , nearly 400 kilometers southwest of Tehran . "  The authorities never informed my family about my father 's execution and now the government has barred us from holding any kind of funeral service , " his son , Akbar Saremi , said . Ali Saremi was hanged for "  fighting against the sacred Islamic Republic of Iran system and launching antagonist propagations , " Iranian state-run media reported at the time of his execution Tuesday . Iranian authorities allege that Saremi was a member of the People 's Mujahedeen of Iran , also known as the Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization , which has opposed the Iranian government for decades . Tehran considers the group to be a terrorist outfit , as does the United States . The European Union does not . Members of the Friends of a Free Iran group condemned Saremi 's execution Tuesday , calling it "  another crime for which the mullahs will be held to account when freedom is finally restored to that beleaguered nation . " The group also demanded that Iranian leaders "  be tried in the International Court of Justice for crimes against humanity . " Ali Saremi had been arrested five times since 1982 . His latest arrest came in 2007 after visiting his son at Camp Ashraf , a refugee community in Iraq that is home to an estimated 3,500 exiled members of the Mujahedeen , Akbar Salemi told CNN . Saremi was arrested for his alleged presence at anti-revolutionary gatherings organized by the People 's Mujahedeen and for sending information for the group , according to Iranian state media reports . Akbar Salemi denied those allegations , saying his father 's "  only interest in Mojahedin-e Khalgh  MEK  and Camp Ashraf was to visit me , and that 's the last time I saw my father . " "  This is a very difficult time for my family , " Akbar Saremi said , adding that other family members are being targeted now . "  My cousin is still being detained after he displayed a picture of my father on the door of the family home as a sign of mourning , " Saremi said . Other family members were detained last week as they gathered outside the prison where Ali Saremi was hanged . They have since been released .	Ali Saremi was buried without the presence of his family , his son says Saremi executed for "  launching antagonist propagations " against the government His son says other family members are being targeted now
CNN  -- Keisuke Honda is the rising star of Japanese football . The 24-year-old has been likened to a Japanese David Beckham , both as an attacking midfielder with devastating free-kick skills , and as a pin-up with a distinctive off-the-pitch style . But the CSKA Moscow player would rather be known for his own achievements . "  I 'm not -LSB- Beckham -RSB- and I do n't think I can ever become him . I want to create something by myself , out of my own individuality . I want to show the world myself , not copying other people , " he told CNN . "  Like any other football player I want to be number one , professionally . But on the other hand , I want to work on my appearance while I 'm working on my football skills , pointing out that a best football player can be the most handsome one , too . These are probably the two ideas which help me express myself . " By plying his trade in Europe he 's already achieved more than most Asian footballers . A large part of his drive to succeed comes from a disciplined upbringing -- " -LSB- my father -RSB- would always get mad at me if I was n't the best " -- that fostered in Honda a competitive instinct and strong work ethic . He first played for J-League team Nagoya Grampus 8 before spending two seasons with Dutch side VVV-Venlo ; he moved to Moscow in December 2009 . Despite joining the Russian side for a fee of around $ 13 million less than a year ago there is speculation that Honda will move to a top club possibly in Italy , Spain or England later this winter . If the footballer had his wish there would only be one destination : "  When I was a little kid I loved Real Madrid . If I could play for that club , it would be a huge personal achievement for me . I think my dreams would come true then . To achieve that , I need to work really hard . Today is what matters . So , day after day , I concentrate and I work hard . And maybe in the future Real Madrid will invite me to join the club , " he said . Honda has made his mark during his time in Moscow , helping the team make the group stages of the UEFA Champions League last season . His good form continued through the summer with Japan in the World Cup , scoring the winning goal against Cameroon . Honda however is candid about the national team 's chances of greater success in the future . "  There are several problems . I think our main problem is ... there are no really strong strikers . We do n't know very well how to score . If the Japanese team can work on that weakness , we will become a country with a football team that deserves respect on the highest level , " he said . And Honda is determined to do whatever it takes to play consistently at the highest level . "  A constant pressure is something that this sport wo n't exist without . I will keep on feeling this pressure as long as I am playing . Without it , it would n't be exciting . I 'm planning on following a principle of high risk and high return , aiming only at the highest goals . " Keisuke Honda talked to CNN at the Ritz-Carlton , Moscow	Keisuke Honda is the star of the Japanese football team Has played for CSKA Moscow since December 2009 Rumors of move to a bigger European team this winter Dream move would be the play for Real Madrid
CNN  -- Eric "  The Actor " Lynch , who became a celebrity among celebrities by calling in to Howard Stern 's radio show , died Saturday , his manager said . Lynch , 39 , stood just 3 feet tall , but his reach was long thanks to the entertaining chemistry he developed with Stern over a decade of phone calls . "  Despite our sometimes testy on-air relationship the entire staff absolutely loved Eric the Actor , " a message on Stern 's website said Monday .  "  When he visited the show in person everyone lined up to take pictures with him .  And not just us -- celebrities all over the world loved Eric . " His manager , Johnny Fratto , confirmed Lynch 's death in a Twitter posting Sunday : "  I am so sorry and so sad to inform everyone that my friend Eric "  The Actor " Lynch passed away yesterday afternoon !!! " Late-night host Jimmy Kimmel , who had Lynch on his show in 2008 , tweeted that he was "  my all-time favorite Howard Stern caller and I will miss him terribly . " Comedian Wanda Sykes was also a Lynch fan . She tweeted : "  Sad to hear about the passing of #EricTheActor . He was one of my favorite callers . #ByeForNow " Bravo TV host Andy Cohen initially tweeted that he was praying that word of Lynch 's death was not true , but then : "  seems like it 's true ... So RIP Eric the Actor . One of the great Stern callers ever . He was incredibly entertaining for many years . :- " Comedian Artie Lange , who is well-known for his work on Stern 's radio show , tweeted that Lynch "  truly did n't care what u thought of him . Which in some ways made him happier than us all . " Lynch , who lived and died in Sacramento , California , suffered from Ehlers-Danlos syndrome , according to his Internet Movie Database biography . His health problems , however , did not keep him from working on several television shows , starting with a role as a travel agency client in a 2005 episode of NBC 's "  American Dreams . " His Stern stardom also helped Lynch land roles as a homeless man on the Fox TV drama "  Fringe " and a landlord on the USA Network 's "  In Plain Sight . " His television resume also includes a cameo role on the FX show "  Legit . " People we 've lost in 2014 See more comedy business content at CNN Comedy .	Listeners enjoyed Lynch 's testy on-air relationship with Howard Stern Late-night TV host Jimmy Kimmel : Lynch was "  my all-time favorite Howard Stern caller " Artie Lange : Lynch "  truly did n't care what u thought of him " Health problems did n't keep Lynch from working on several TV shows
CNN  -- Recent threats and attacks from militant groups have made it almost impossible for the World Food Program to get food to hungry people in southern Somaila , the aid agency said Tuesday . The actions by militant groups have led to a partial suspension food distribution in much of southern Somalia , the agency said in a statement . This has left more than 1 million people in the area in peril , the United Nations food agency said . "  WFP is deeply concerned about rising hunger and suffering among the most vulnerable due to these unprecedented and inhumane attacks on purely humanitarian operations , " the agency said in a statement . One of the recent threats to the food agency occurred in late November when Islamist militants in Somalia warned the agency to buy food from Somali farmers or stop sending aid to the impoverished African country . That threat came from al-Shabaab , a group that has waged a bloody insurgency against the U.N.-backed government of transitional President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed . Four of the agency 's staff members were killed in Somalia between August 2008 and January 2009 . Despite difficulties in southern Somalia , the agency says it is still dispensing food in the capital city Mogadishu and several other areas . The agency says it is still able to reach more than 60 percent of those in need or about 1.8 million people .	Recent attacks make it near impossible for aid agencies to deliver food in southern Somalia The United Nations say more than 1 million people going hungry The World Food Program says it is under threat from Islamist militants
New York  CNN  -- You might not know it to read the news of the discredited research that had long linked vaccines to autism , but there really is good progress on the autism research front .  A study published last year in the journal Nature identified a genetic variant that could account for up to 15 percent of autism cases . Once we can determine which proteins are associated with various risk genes , we can start to understand the mechanisms of action that may cause autism . And once we understand the mechanisms of action , we can start to develop targeted therapeutics .  Elsewhere , researchers working with the younger siblings of children with autism are identifying biomarkers that could enable autism to be detected as early as the first few weeks of life .  Clinical trials are under way investigating a compound that has proved effective at rescuing mice from the symptoms of Fragile X syndrome , which may be related to autism .  In addition , stem cell and genome scanning technologies hold great promise for autism research . But all of this has been overshadowed by a seemingly relentless preoccupation with the notion that vaccines might cause autism , despite mountains of scientific evidence that have concluded there is no link . It 's time for us all to put that behind us . On Tuesday , the medical journal The Lancet retracted the controversial 1998 paper that linked the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine to autism . Last week , the British General Medical Council ruled that Dr. Andrew Wakefield 's "  conduct in this regard was dishonest and irresponsible " when he published the research . The panel 's chairman said he 'd shown a "  callous disregard " for the suffering of children . The original Lancet publication had launched an era of anti-vaccine activism . At a news conference after the publication , Wakefield said there were "  sufficient anxieties for a case to be made " to separate the three vaccines . Vaccination rates plummeted , and measles outbreaks swept across the United Kingdom . Hundreds of children were hospitalized , and several died . Across the country and around the world , parents became stricken with an unfounded fear of vaccination . Because my older daughter had been diagnosed with autism , I read Wakefield 's study carefully . I followed his advice to separate the shots when it came time for my younger daughter to be vaccinated in 1999 . Looking back , I realize now that that decision left her needlessly vulnerable to vaccine-preventable disease and , frankly , did nothing to reduce the likelihood that she too might be diagnosed with autism . Eventually , Wakefield 's collaborators withdrew their names from the Lancet paper . Later it was revealed that he had received funds from lawyers representing the children enrolled in his study and that he obtained control blood samples from children who attended his son 's birthday party , paying them 5 pounds apiece . Since the publication , millions of dollars have been spent on multiple international studies examining the Wakefield hypothesis . No study has ever replicated his results . In fact , one study published in 2008 specifically tried to replicate Wakefield 's original work and found no evidence that the vaccine had a connection to either autism or GI disorders .  You can read all the autism/vaccine studies here . At this point , we have to be willing to accept what legitimate science tells us . The science is clear regarding MMR and autism , just as it is with thimerosal  a vaccine preservative that has also been implicated in the past  and autism . Multiple studies have failed to show a causal link . Unfortunately , we still do n't know what causes autism , and that is one reason the vaccine hypothesis has been so sticky , even in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence . But we will never find the answers we need about autism if we keep asking the same questions over and over . We need to move forward . The problem is , we can never prove a negative . Science does n't work this way . We will never be able to say we have done a definitive study showing vaccines do n't cause autism . All science can show is the absence of a link . Whereas anti-vaccine parent advocates cite personal anecdotes and state that they know with certainty that their child 's autism came from vaccines because "  they know their child , " scientists talk about the "  preponderance of evidence " and "  statistical significance . " That is not the stuff from which good soundbites are made . Once you put a scary idea in someone 's head , it is very hard to reassure them , even in the presence of compelling science . Anti-vaccine autism activists continue to view Wakefield as a hero willing to take on the establishment and fight for their children . In the meantime , his research has had a lasting negative effect on children 's health in that some people are still afraid of immunizations . In some cases , the younger siblings of children with autism are being denied lifesaving vaccines , despite mountains of scientific evidence indicating no link between vaccines and autism . This is the Wakefield legacy . But the aftereffects of Wakefield 's false claims do n't stop there . Thousands of parents of children with autism were persuaded to pursue "  detoxification " treatments to reverse nonexistent vaccine damage . At best , these treatments waste time and money . One child died from this "  therapy . " In addition , pediatricians have found it hard to maintain constructive relationships with some families given their implicit accusations that mainstream medicine had harmed their children . It 's my hope that today marks a turning point . A staggering amount of work needs to be done to make life better for our families , and we may now be able to focus on moving forward with good science as our guide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alison Singer .	Alison Singer says link between autism , vaccinations debunked but research progressing But , she says , new science is overshadowed as some cling to discredited study Some parents put kids in danger by still avoiding vaccines , trying dicey "  therapies " Singer : New research should move forward with science as a guide
CNN  -- Maria de Villota 's family have expressed their thanks for the public support they have received after the Marussia driver lost her right eye following a Formula One crash . The Spaniard , one of only two female drivers contracted to an F1 team , sustained serious head and face injuries when her car collided with a stationary truck during a test event on Tuesday . De Villota underwent surgery at a British hospital following the incident , but it was too late to save the 32-year-old 's eye . "  Last dinosaur " or F1 's brainiest man ? "  We , the family , are supporting each other here at Maria 's side and we take great comfort from the remarkable medical care she has been receiving , " her sister Isabel said in a statement released by the Russian-owned team . "  We remain positive and this is due , in no small part , to the overwhelming expression of love and support for Maria from every corner of the world . "  We would also wish to thank everyone at the Marussia F1 Team for all the care and attention they have shown us over the past few days . " Tuesday was the first time De Villota had been behind the wheel of Marussia 's MR01 car , although she did conduct a test for the Renault team last year . "  Maria remains in a critical but stable condition , " added De Villota 's sister . "  While there is no further news than that at present , we have at least been able to take encouragement from the fact that Maria has remained stable throughout since the accident , particularly during the first night following such a lengthy surgical procedure as she experienced . " The De Villota family has a rich motorsport heritage . Maria 's father Emilio was a Formula One driver between 1976 and 1982 . The only other female driver currently involved in the elite division of motorsport is Susie Wolff , who is a development driver with Williams .	Maria de Villota remains in a critical but stable condition in a British hospital The Marussia driver was involved in a crash at a test on Tuesday The Spaniard lost her right eye after colliding with a stationary truck De Villota is one of two female drivers currently involved in Formula One
CNN  -- At the risk of propagating a dodgy clich , Africa remains one of the last frontiers of travel . Non-air-conditioned travel , that is , i.e. the kind where you risk stubbing your toe occasionally or getting genuinely lost . From gorilla sighting in the Ugandan highlands to skiing -- yes , skiing -- in Morocco , it promises untold travel wonders . But new Africa hands should worry less about stocking up on viral jabs and safari suits than ditching their preconceptions . For a start ... Africa can be very cold indeed It might straddle the equator but not everywhere in Africa is scorching . Mt Kilimanjaro  Tanzania  and Mt Kenya both have glaciers and nights can be dangerously chilly in the desert , with temperatures dropping to as low as -10 C . It snows in places , too . You can go skiing in the Atlas Mountains in Morocco , the Maloti Mountains , Lesotho and in the Eastern Cape Highlands , South Africa . Alongside desert , there are mountains and rainforests Africa does have vast swathes of desert and flat savanna but also mountainous and exceptionally green parts . There are the sprawling rainforests of Uganda , Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo  Zaire  and the soft green hill country of Senegal , Guinea and Tanzania . For more cultivated greenness , South Africa 's garden route , on the south-east coast , is so-named because of its lush vegetation and lakes . And not every desert is a stretch of barren wilderness . The Kalahari is known for its spring flowers , while the Namib , the oldest desert in the world , is home to desert-adapted elephant , rhino , giraffe and lion . More on CNN : Touring Nelson Mandela 's South Africa Hippos are the big killers You should worry less about lions and Nile crocodiles and instead keep an eye out for hippos . They 're the biggest people-killers on the continent . Found in sub-Saharan Africa , the animal is aggressive , unpredictable and can charge at 28kph . If you 're in a boat  where many people will encounter them  hit the sides to signal your position . If on foot , keep your distance and never get between a mother and her calf . Hippos are most aggressive in the dry season when water levels are low and food supplies limited . Listen out for oxpeckers since the birds issue warning calls if hippo are around . You wo n't need every shot in the book Your childhood vaccines should be up to date for an Africa trip but you do n't need prevention against every disease going . A rabies shot is advisable -- but plan it in advance as it 's a series of jabs -- along with injections against hepatitis A , meningococcal meningitis and typhoid . You may need yellow fever vaccination , too . For some countries , such as South Africa , it 's an entry requirement . Consult with your doctor about your specific travel plans and medical history . Find out more about virus protection while traveling at the Center for Disease Control and Prevention website . French is useful -- African French even better Africa 's countless ethnic groups mean there are several hundred languages , many with distinct dialects , you could come across . Former colonial languages -- English , French and Portuguese -- are common , but English may not be as widely spoken as you think . French is almost essential in West or Central Africa and will probably come in useful in Algeria , Burundi , Djibouti , Rwanda and Tunisia . African French , however , is very different from what you were probably taught at school -- while you should be able to make yourself understood , you might find it harder understanding others . The informal "  tu " is used much more frequently in Africa than it would be in France , but if you 're dealing with officials it 's perhaps safer to stick with "  vous . " More on CNN : 10 of the best golf courses in Africa You do n't need countless visas ... If you 're traveling in West Africa , consider getting a Visa Touristique Entente  VTE  which covers Benin , Burkina Faso , Niger , Togo and Cote d'Ivoire all in the one document . It costs around $ 50 , is valid for up to two consecutive months and should save you time and money . Embassies of Benin seem to issue these with the least amount of hassle , although theoretically they 're available from any of the countries ' embassies . ... But your car will need papers If you plan to drive a hire car through Africa you may well need a carnet de passage or a triptyque  the former is for entry to multiple countries , the latter to one  , although neither is required for Morocca , Algeria and Tunisia . Carnets are issued by national motoring organizations and act as a guarantee that import duties will be paid if a vehicle is taken into a country and remains there . Hire companies wo n't issue you with a carnet unless they have proof you can afford any duties , so you 'll need insurance to cover this . Some southern African countries do n't demand a carnet , although they 'll insist you buy a Temporary Import Permit at the border . Find out more about vehicle documentation at the Fdration Internationale de l'Automobile website  page in English  . Karen Bowerman is a travel writer and former BBC broadcaster who specializes in conservation issues and adventure travel .	What should every new Africa traveler ditch first ? Their preconceptions It 's not scorching everywhere -- there are glaciers Crocs and lions are n't the most lethal animals And you need n't have every virus shot in the book
AOL Autos  -- Okay , you 've decided what model of car you want to buy . And you know , more or less , how much you want to spend -- or how much you can afford . You 've kicked tires , talked to salesmen , taken a few shiny new numbers for a test-drive and you 're ready to make the deal . If you eat in your car you may want to consider fabric or leather protections . Except , you 're not quite done . You still need to decide whether to buy any of those "  extras " that your salesperson will always suggest . Some of these extras have real value and are probably worth adding . Others ... maybe not so much . The list of "  extras " offered by most dealers , may include paint sealant , fabric protection/leather care , extended warranties , extended ` one price ' service contracts , rust/underbody coatings and anti-theft systems , to mention a few . We wanted to know which of these new car extras were worth it and which ones a consumer can do without . To get to the bottom of it , we thought we would consult an expert -- David Bennett , Manager of Automotive Programs for AAA . As it turns out , like most things in life , the answer often just comes down to what 's best for you , depending on your own situation , budget or locale . Let 's address these add-ons one by one : Paint sealant "  I think that most paint jobs on cars are pretty good these days , so in most cases you probably do n't need that anymore , " said Bennett , who offered one caveat . "  But that can depend on what part of the country you live in -- what the climate is , whether you get a lot of snow and ice , and what the road crews put down on the road -- whether it is salt , or if it is something that is less harmful to the paint . But generally , as long as you keep your car washed , and wash that salt off of it , and get it waxed regularly , that paint should last without getting the ` add-on ' sealer at the dealership . Also , if you get a chip or a ding , get it fixed so the rust does n't get a chance to set in and spread . " Fabric / leather protection These extras are fairly self-explanatory -- the dealer "  treats " the upholstered or leather seating with a "  protection " product that make the seats more resistant to stains or scuff marks . "  This can be a good purchase , but the first question you should ask before buying it is , ` What kind of lifestyle do I lead ? ' suggests Bennett . "  Do you have a lot of kids and are they prone to spill things ? Or is your vehicle mostly going to be occupied by adults ? " Do you eat in the car with some regularity ? If so , and you 're just too darn messy for your own good , a stain protection might be a good way to go . "  Also , look at exclusions in the plan , " advises Bennett . "  If you 're a smoker , and the plan excludes burn holes from cigarette ashes , and you 're not diligent about making sure your ash is always short , that might not be a good purchase because of that exclusion . Each of these policies or plans is probably offering something different , and you need to read all of the exclusions before making that purchase , because it might not be a good one for you . " If you want to save some cash , one option would be to forego the protectant and just make sure you clean your seats regularly with a good upholstery cleaner or leather cleaner . To remove spots from a leather seat , use a good leather cleaner and work it into the spot with a soft cloth . If the spot still remains , let it sit for a few hours . Repeat , as they say , if necessary . It 's also a good idea , to use a leather conditioner regularly on leather seats to restore moisture and to maintain its appearance . Rustproofing This is when the dealership applies various rust-inhibiting chemicals , waxes or sealers to the vehicle 's undercarriage . It can also be applied to other rust-prone areas . Rustproofing treatments sometimes include a guarantee over a certain number of years . Keep in mind that some guarantees require annual "  checkups " to re-apply the sealers or rust inhibitors to any areas where the rustproofing may have been damaged . "  I do n't think this is necessary in most cases , " opines Bennett . "  The way most vehicles are constructed today , they are not nearly as prone to underbody rusting as they used to be in the old days -- even in the north , where they get a lot of snow . " LoJack Car Security System / Anti-theft systems : The folks at LoJack Car Security Systems report that a vehicle is stolen every 25 seconds in the U.S. Using a car alarm is one way to protect your vehicle . But if you want to go the more high-tech "  tracking " route , using a security system like LoJack may give you more peace of mind . The LoJack System , includes a small radio frequency transceiver hidden in up to 20 different places in the vehicle . The System uses a code that is tied into the Vehicle Identification Number  VIN  . Then , when you report that your car has been stolen , the state police crime computer can match code against the state VIN database . This automatically activates the LoJack System in the vehicle -- emitting an inaudible signal . Then , police cruisers and aviation units that have the LoJack tracking system can identify the vehicle 's location , track it and recover it . LoJack claims that over 200,000 vehicles have been recovered worldwide using their system , with over 100,000 of those in the U.S. "  Whether or not this is a purchase you should make depends on various factors . If you live in a high-crime area , a system like this could provide you with peace of mind , " advises Bennett . "  But even if you live in a safe , low-crime district , your car can still be stolen from a busy downtown street or parking garage , " he notes . One caveat : Some car owners may not want their car back after it has been stolen , especially if it has been seriously vandalized , or if it has been driven so hard that it causes some mechanical problems . Another thing to consider is that owners of GM vehicles that come with its patented OnStar system , probably wo n't need a theft tracking program , says Bennett . "  Because the system allows OnStar operators to track the location of the vehicle if it is stolen . So if you buy a GM car with the OnStar system , you may want to pass on a LoJack or similar tracking system . " Extended warranties "  This really does depend on how long you plan to keep the vehicle , because most of these extended warranty plans do n't kick in until the manufacturer 's warranty expires , " advises Bennett . "  And these days , those manufacturers warranties are three or five years , sometimes longer . "  So if you plan on selling the car after three or five years , it probably does n't make sense to buy the extended warranty . " Some warranties offer transferable policies , which let you "  sell " the warranty along with the vehicle . Others allow you to "  return " the warranty for a pro-rated refund . Bennett also explains that not all warranties are created equal . "  They usually have three levels of warranties : A basic extended warranty will just cover the powertrain , for example ; while a better one will cover the powertrain plus some other components that are listed -- or an ` exclusionary ' extended warranty may say it covers everything except those items that are listed . At the top end , the best warranty just covers everything , but that is also the most expensive . " Bennett gives an example of one manufacturers warranty . "  For a 2007 Buick , the basic manufacturers warranty is five years or 100,000 miles for the powertrain coverage , and the corrosion warranty is six years or 100,000 miles . In fact , that 's the same warranty GM offers on their Chevy and Cadillac brands . " "  That 's a pretty good warranty , so if you plan on only keeping your vehicle for five years or less , the extended warranty is probably money you do n't need to spend . " E-mail to a friend	GM owners wo n't need LoJack because cars come with OnStar option Smokers considering fabric protection should check for policy exclusions But generally , as long as you keep your car washed you do n't need sealant Some warranties offer transferable policies that let you "  sell " it with car
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Severe floods in northern Indonesia have left at least 13 people dead and driven tens of thousands of others from their homes in recent days , authorities said Thursday . Landslides and rising waters have cut off several villages in one district of the province of North Sulawesi province , leaving about 1,000 residents stranded , the Indonesian National Disaster Mitigation Agency  NDMA  said . Heavy rains started drenching the region Tuesday and have resulted in about 40,000 people leaving their homes to seek temporary shelter , according to the NDMA . Most of the deaths in North Sulawesi were reported Wednesday , authorities said , and two people are still missing . Power is down in most parts of the region and communication lines are disrupted . There are four main rivers in Manado , the provincial capital , that are overflowing , the NDMA said . This year 's floods are far worse than previous ones , NDMA spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said . The agency is working with the military , police , the search and rescue agency , Indonesian Red Cross and other groups as well as volunteers to help the tens of thousands of people affected by the flooding . Heavy rains have also caused deadly landslides and flooding this week on the southern Philippines island of Mindanao -- roughly 500 kilometers  320 miles  north of North Sulawesi . A low pressure area has battered parts of Mindanao with wind and rain since the weekend , leaving 26 people dead and displacing more than 200,000 , according to Philippine authorities . That weather system , along with another over northern Australia , helped generate the heavy rains over North Sulawesi , Indonesian authorities said . CNN 's Kathy Quiano reported from Jakarta , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	About 1,000 residents are stranded in villages isolated by the flooding Indonesian authorities say two people are still missing The disaster agency says the floods are worse than in previous years They are partly caused by a weather system that has left 26 dead in the Philippines
CNN  -- The United States and the United Arab Emirates have signed a deal for a missile-defense system in the Persian Gulf country , the Pentagon said Friday . The $ 3.48 billion agreement was signed December 25 , according to press secretary George Little . It was not clear why the deal was announced Friday . The vital Strait of Hormuz separates the UAE and Iran . The Obama administration said Iran has been "  saber-rattling " over its threat to block the strait . The pact will deliver two anti-missile batteries , 96 missiles , radars , training and logistics to the UAE , the Pentagon said . "  Acquisition of this critical defense system will bolster the UAE 's air and missile-defense capability and enhance the already robust ballistic missile-defense cooperation between the United States and the UAE , " the Pentagon said . The two countries "  enjoy a strong bilateral defense relationship , driven by common interests in a secure and stable Gulf region , " Little said in a statement . Raytheon Company said it will provide two radars and services through 2018 to the country . "  This $ 582.5 million contract for the radars is part of the first sale of THAAD missile systems to an international customer , " it said in a statement . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	United Arab Emirates will get missile-defense system Pentagon announces $ 3.48 billion agreement
After weeks of racial protests across the country , President Barack Obama is taking the time to deliver encouraging words about the future of race relations in America to a network that reaches a predominately young African-American audience . "  What I told the young people who I met with -- we 're going to have more conversations over the coming months -- is , ` This is n't something that is going to be solved overnight , ' Obama says in an interview with BET that will air Monday . " ` This is something that is deeply rooted in our society . It 's deeply rooted in our history . ' " Once criticized for shying away from the topic of race early on in his presidency , Obama has more recently been forced to lead a discussion on the issue . In his interview , the President says African-American youth need to be both persistent and patient in order to make progress on the issue of racial tensions in America . "  It 's important to recognize as painful as these incidents are , we ca n't equate what is happening now to what happened fifty years ago , " the President said in the interview . "  If you talk to your parents , grandparents , uncles , they 'll tell you that things are better -- not good , in some cases , but better . " "  The reason it 's important for us to understand that progress has been made is that then gives us hope that we can make even more progress , " he said . The President also urged persistence in the effort to solve racial tensions , reminding the audience that typically progress occurs in "  steps " and "  increments . " "  You know , when you 're dealing with something that 's as deeply rooted as racism or bias in any society , you 've got to have vigilance but you have to recognize that it 's going to take some time and you just have to be steady so that you do n't give up when we do n't get all the way there , " he said . In light of two recent back-to-back grand jury decisions not to indict white police officers in the deaths of unarmed black men , the President has vowed to take action . Obama announced last week that he and outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder are "  not going to let up " in the effort to ease racial tensions that exists between law enforcement officers and minorities in communities nationwide .	President Obama tells BET racial tension "  is n't something that is going to be solved overnight " Obama has at times been reluctant to lead a national conversation on race
CNN  -- Conservative commentator Glenn Beck says his revival-style rally at the Lincoln Memorial on Saturday was about restoring America 's honor and returning the country to the values on which it was founded . Tens of thousands of people showed up for the event , which also featured former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . Beck insists the rally was nonpolitical , but the event , which took place on the 47th anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , and in the same place , was not without controversy . The message : Support the troops ; return to God . Beck said his role was to wake America up to the backsliding of principles , values and most importantly , faith . His speech took on a spiritual tone as Beck urged the country to "  turn back to God . " "  Look forward . Look West . Look to the heavens . Look to God and make your choice , " he said . Beck told Fox News , the network that carries his weekday television program , that the rally was meant to reclaim the U.S. civil rights movement "  from politics , " arguing that the movement was about "  people of faith . " The essence of the movement was about "  people of faith who believe you have an equal right to justice , " he said in an interview that aired Sunday . Beck says he wanted to reclaim civil rights ` from politics ' The controversy : Time and location . People filled the park by the Lincoln Memorial 's reflecting pool , in the shadows and echoes of the most pivotal civil rights address in America 's history . Some of those who marched with King in the 1960s said Beck had usurped the day for his own political gain . The Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN that Beck was mimicking King and "  humiliating the tradition . " Beck said the site of his rally was appropriate to reflect on the legacy of King , "  the man who stood down on those stairs and gave his life for everyone 's right to have a dream . " He also said he was unaware that the rally coincided with the King anniversary when he scheduled the event . Alveda King , a niece of the late civil rights leader , participated in the "  Restoring Honor " rally , saying that her uncle would have approved of the event . Beck talks faith in rally coinciding with anniversary of King 's speech Beck also came under fire for some of his previous statements , such as his 2009 remark that President Obama "  has a deep-seated hatred for white people or the white culture . " In his Fox interview , taped after Saturday 's rally , he said he regretted his remarks about Obama , but said the first African-American president 's worldview was shaped by "  Marxism disguised as religion . " The other rally : "  Reclaim the Dream " of King Civil rights activists gathered nearby with the Rev. Al Sharpton and his National Action Network in a "  Reclaim the Dream " rally . Participants marched from a high school in northwest Washington to the site of the future Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial , just a few blocks from the Lincoln Memorial . Speakers insisted that King 's vision for America has not been completely fulfilled . "  Do n't let anyone tell you that they have the right to take their country back . It 's our country , too , " said Avis Jones Deweaver , executive director of the National Council of Negro Women , making a reference to the Tea Party members attending the Beck rally . "  We will reclaim the dream . It was ours from the beginning . A dream that we will make reality , " she said . Rally aims to ` Reclaim the Dream ' The crowd size : Big . Estimates of the crowd size range from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of people . The U.S. Park Police no longer makes estimates , so there are no official estimates of events on the National Mall . CBS News commissioned a crowd estimate by the company AirPhotosLive.com . The network reported that AirPhotosLive estimated the crowd at 87,000 people . But they noted that with a margin of error of 9,000 , "  between 78,000 and 96,000 attended the rally . " iReport : Photo gallery of faces in the crowd NBC Nightly News estimated the number of people in attendance as "  tens , perhaps hundreds of thousands . " Fox News , citing organizers , aired a banner characterizing it this way : "  CROWD ATTENDING BECK RALLY ESTIMATED AT OVER 500,000 . " The Washington Post quoted Republican Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota as saying , "  We 're not going to let anyone get away with saying there were less than a million here today -- because we were witnesses . " On the morning after the rally , Beck himself told Fox News Sunday that he believed the crowd was between 300,000 and 650,000 . So how many people were really there ? In the end , most people will believe what their own eyes tell them . The one estimate guaranteed to be correct was Beck 's own comment making fun of the inevitable controversy : "  I have just gotten word from the media that there are over 1,000 people here today . " Wildly conflicting reports filed about Beck rally crowd size The impact : To be determined . Beck 's speech oozed religious language and evoked the feel of a religious revival . Beck has also begun organizing top conservative religious leaders -- mostly evangelicals -- into a fledgling group called the Black Robed Regiment . Is he a new leader for Christian conservatives ? Maybe . Beck 's emerging role as a national leader for Christian conservatives is surprising not only because he has until recently stressed a libertarian ideology that is sometimes at odds with so-called family values conservatism , but also because Beck is a Mormon . Many of the evangelicals whom Beck is speaking to and organizing do n't believe he is a Christian . Mormons , who are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , call themselves Christian . Some evangelicals criticized Christians for partnering with Beck this weekend because of his Mormon faith , provoking a number of evangelical political activists to pen defenses of their decision to join Beck . At rally , Beck positions himself as new leader for Christian conservatives The prospects for a Beck-Palin ticket : Not likely . Despite the buzz in the blogosphere , Beck says "  not a chance . " "  I have no desire to be president of the United States . Zero desire , " Beck told Fox . "  I do n't think that I would be electable . And there are far too many people that are far smarter than me to be president . I 'd like to find one with some honor and integrity . I have n't seen them yet , but they 'll show up . " CNN 's Dan Gilgoff , Kristi Keck and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Glenn Beck urges the country to "  turn back to God " The rally drew fire for its timing and location Civil rights activists gathered nearby for a "  Reclaim the Dream " rally Despite buzz in blogosphere , Beck says "  not a chance " for a Beck-Palin ticket
Bristow , Virginia  CNN  -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has ordered an investigation after a man who was in the United States illegally killed a nun in a car crash , authorities said . Napolitano is trying determine why the man was still in the country because he had been arrested two previous times for drunken driving offenses . The suspect , Carlos Montano , driving Sunday morning under the influence of alcohol , slammed head-on into three nuns in a Toyota sedan , police said . The three were just a few miles from a monastery in Bristow , Virginia , heading for their annual retreat . Sister Denise Mosier was killed instantly , and the other two remained hospitalized Tuesday . The suspect has twice been in custody -- the first time , almost two years ago in October 2008 -- Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said . But both times , Montano was released on his own recognizance pending deportation proceedings , because he was not convicted of a violent felony such as murder , rape , or robbery . "  He was in removal proceedings , " Napolitano told CNN on Tuesday . "  Why were the removal proceedings taking so long ? I do not obviously as of today have the results of that , but I will get them . " Corey Stewart , chairman of the Prince William County Board of Supervisors , said he was furious with how immigration officials have handled the case . "  We identified him as an illegal alien , we told ICE that he had twice been convicted now of DUI 's , that he posed a threat to the community , " said Stewart . "  And they turned around and they released him right back into the neighborhood . " County prosecutor Paul Ebert said Montano has previously been convicted twice for drunken driving , as well as reckless driving , speeding , and public drunkenness . He spent 20 days in jail in 2009 . The suspect , 23 , has now been charged with involuntary manslaughter . It was unclear if he has retained a defense lawyer . The incident comes amid a contentious national debate about illegal immigration , just days after a strict new immigration law was scheduled to go into effect in Arizona . The most controversial provisions of the law have been stayed by a judge , but supporters of the law said a failure by Washington to crack down on illegal immigration forced Arizona to act . The Department of Homeland Security says record numbers of immigrants who have committed crimes have been removed in the last 18 months . "  This administration has fundamentally reformed immigration enforcement , " said spokesman Matt Chandler , "  identifying and removing criminal aliens who pose a threat to public safety . " But Stewart said more needs to be done . "  Congress has deliberately understaffed and underfunded immigration enforcement for years , " Stewart said . On Tuesday , the Virginia monastery 's chapel was adorned with flowers , and a vigil and funeral are scheduled for later this week . Mosier , the victim in the car accident , had served as a missionary in South Africa , and regularly acted as a spiritual mentor to the 30 other nuns at the convent . "  It 's a great loss , because they depended on her , " said Sister Andrea Verchuck . But the convent said in a statement , "  The Benedictine Sisters are dismayed and saddened that this tragedy has been politicized , and become an apparent forum for the illegal immigration agenda . " Verchuck said she would rather focus on the needless tragedies caused by drinking and driving , and on forgiveness , in memory of Mosier . "  If she had been conscious at the time that she was taken from the wreck , " she said , "  If Carlos had been there , she would have said , ` Carlos , I forgive you . ' " CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Death of nun has angered local authorities Napolitano has called for an investigation Suspect was in the country illegally when he crashed into nun , police said
CNN  -- A second woman in Southern California is alleging sexual abuse by a teacher who resigned last week after being confronted by another alleged female victim on a YouTube video , she said Thursday . The second alleged victim filed a complaint this week accusing the Val Verde Unified School District of negligence when the girl , then a 14-year-old middle schooler , was allegedly sexually abused by the teacher during the 2009-2010 school year , the complaint said . The woman , who appeared at a press conference with her attorney on Thursday , is now 18 years old . "  This should have never happened , and I do n't wish this upon anybody . My mother was the first victim by convincing my mother that she would do great in my life , and she turned my thinking that , that all I need was her , " the woman told reporters . "  There was a lot of manipulation in the time . This should  have  never happened if the district would  have  done their job , " she added . The claim seeks unspecified monetary damages and charges that the school district "  knew about  the teacher 's  propensity to sexually abuse and/or sexually harass students before the claimant was injured and damaged by being sexually molested . " Officials with the school district , based in Perris , about 65 miles east of downtown Los Angeles , declined to comment on the allegations . "  We are not making any comments but we did receive a claim . We are cooperating with authorities , " said Chris Wynn , chief of security . The girl has also filed a complaint against the nearby Riverside Unified School District for "  negligently " providing "  positive information " about the teacher when she applied for a job with Val Verde . The teacher once worked for the Riverside school system . Riverside school officials acknowledged the claim . "  We did receive the claim , but we are not commenting , " said spokeswoman Jacquie Paul . The teacher has not responded to CNN 's phone and e-mail requests for comment . The educator resigned Friday from her most recent job as an administrator with the Alhambra Unified School District after a woman , now 28 , posted a YouTube video in which she accused the educator of abusing her at age 12 . The video features the alleged victim on camera and the teacher 's voice on a phone . In the video , the teacher can be heard acknowledging the abuse . In that case , police have launched an investigation , but the statute of limitations may be an issue , Riverside Police Lt. Guy Toussaint said . It all depends on what the investigation reveals and what crimes may have occurred . On Thursday , the Riverside Police Department confirmed a second alleged victim in its investigation into the educator . "  On January 17 , RPD started our initial investigation from the YouTube video . During the investigation during some point a second victim came forward and the detectives are now looking into the second victim 's allegations . And at this point it 's an ongoing investigation , " said Lt. Val Graham of Riverside Police Department . The alleged second victim 's attorney , Luis A. Carrillo of South Pasadena , said he and the girl will speak with Riverside police on Friday to file a formal complaint about the alleged sexual abuse . "  We are cooperating with the investigation and that 's why she ca n't speak about the details about what happened , " Carrillo said . "  Something good has to come out of something bad , and that 's why we want changes , positive changes in the law . " The first alleged victim said the abuse took place "  off and on " between the ages of 12 and 18 . She said she did n't come forward as a teenager because the teacher had brainwashed her . "  She told me that my family did n't love me . She told me that nobody cared about me and that she was the only one that loved me and the only one that was there for me , " she said . "  She made me believe that she was my only friend , and that I could trust her . " She said she did n't want a physical relationship , but the teacher threatened her multiple times . "  She said that she would kill herself if I ever left . And I believed that , " she said .	Second alleged victim accuses teacher of sexually abusing her in middle school "  This should have never happened , " woman , now 18 , charges Teacher quit most recent job after another alleged victim confronts her on YouTube Police are investigating second alleged victim 's accusations
CNN  -- An altercation between a South Carolina high school student and a school resource officer ended tragically Friday with the student dead of a gunshot wound and the officer hospitalized after being stabbed . Police officers in body armor vests are on the scene after violence at a school near Myrtle Beach , South Carolina . The incident took place about 8:25 a.m. , and both the officer and the 16-year-old student were transported to Conway Medical Center , where the student died , said Sgt. Robert Kegler of the Horry County Police Department . The resource officer , who was a Horry County police officer assigned to the school , remains hospitalized , he said . Kegler had no other information . "  Anytime anything happens with a police officer like this , we ask an outside agency to come in to investigate , " he said . "  In this case , the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division is taking the lead . " Teal Britton , a spokeswoman for Horry County Schools , said the student had asked to see the officer at Carolina Forest High School in Myrtle Beach . "  They went into his office , and the door was shut , and then the struggle began , " she said . School officials have "  no clue in terms of what might have brought that about . " Britton also had no further information and said the Law Enforcement Division had asked that the high school refrain from discussing details . Neither Britton nor Kegler named the officer or the student . The state agency has not responded to requests for comment . Myrtle Beach is a popular vacation destination in northeast South Carolina , on the Atlantic coast . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	NEW : Police confirm incident at South Carolina high school Student , 16 , dies after struggle with school resource officer School has n't named student or officer Officer being treated for injuries at hospital , spokeswoman says
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentina 's capital city was beset by strikes Thursday , with teachers , doctors and transit employees refusing to work over money matters . Teachers and doctors in Buenos Aires went on strike Wednesday and are scheduled to go back to work Friday , the government-run Telam news agency and other outlets reported . Subway workers will go on strike Thursday night for a few hours , they said . This is the fourth work stoppage in the past six months for doctors . Only emergency cases are being treated . The doctors are not only seeking better salaries , but also improvements to the public health system . They are protesting "  the lack of money in the public system , the possibility that the health budget will be reduced by 500 million pesos  about $ 130 million  , the lack of professionals , the lack of labor to solve the problems in Argentina 's public health , " said Alicia Kobylarz of the Federal Syndicate of Health Workers . The nation 's public hospitals treat the poor and needy . Health professionals want the government to employ more doctors to meet rising patient loads and an increase in diseases and epidemics such as H1N1 flu and dengue fever . The hospitals depend on funding from the provinces , leading to major differences in each area 's needs and what local health care facilities can offer . "  Provinces that have petroleum income , for example , are provinces that have better budgets , that have better hospitals " said Aldo Neri , a former national health minister . "  There is much inequality in the treatment that the poor receive in Argentinean public hospitals depending on which province they live in . That 's why I say the inequalities have increased . " The current health minister , Juan Manzur , said next year 's health budget will have an increase of more than 15 percent , greater than the national budget , which will have a 12.4 percent increase . Teachers also want greater pay and announced Thursday they would go back on strike Tuesday because of failed talks with Buenos Aires Education Director Mario Oporto . The teachers say they want their raises by year 's end . Oporto said there 's no money for raises now , the official Telam news agency reported . "  The province 's posture is very clear : There wo n't be raises in 2009 because there already have been , " Oporto told a radio station , according to Telam . "  We 're sorry about the work stoppage , and we are ready to keep working . This time we are very firm : There will be no raises in 2009 . " Daniel Scioli , governor of Buenos Aires Province , said public education "  is our top priority " but also emphasized there would be no raises this year , the news agency reported . Teachers ' union leaders complained Thursday that government officials went to schools Wednesday to find out which teachers were there and which had joined the work stoppage , Telam said . Subway workers in Buenos Aires announced they will walk off the job at 7 p.m. Thursday . They , too , want pay raises . Educators also are on strike in neighboring Chile , where professors say they are owed a "  historic debt . " The indefinite strike entered its fourth day Thursday and negotiations are scheduled to resume Friday . Jaime Gajardo , president of Chile 's College of Professors , told a local TV station there has been improvement in negotiations with the government and the talks could advance noticeably in the next few days . Pablo Zalaquett , the mayor of Santiago , the capital of Chile , said the two sides are closer on a pay bonus the professors want . CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this report .	Teachers , doctors in Buenos Aires scheduled to go back to work Friday Subway workers were set to go on strike Thursday night for a few hours Doctors seek better salaries , improvements to public health system Argentina 's neighbor Chile also seeing strikes by educators
CNN  -- Pro-Russian separatists fired rockets at a Ukrainian military camp in eastern Ukraine before dawn Friday , killing at least 19 troops , a Ukrainian military spokesman said . The attack happened around 4:30 a.m. near the town of Zelenopolsk , in eastern Ukraine 's restive Luhansk region , military spokesman Yuriy Stets said . At least 55 other people were injured , according to the nation 's counterterrorism office . The office of President Petro Poroshenko , whose country has battled separatists in the east for months , accused attackers of using Russian-made Grad rockets against Ukrainian armed forces . "  Militants will pay hundreds of their lives for each life of our servicemen , " Poroshenko said . "  Not a single terrorist will avoid responsibility ; each of them will be punished . " The European Union is sanctioning 11 more people over the Ukraine crisis , the European Council said Friday , bringing the total number subject to EU visa bans and asset freezes because of the crisis to 72 . The new names will be announced Saturday morning , the council said . Those already targeted include people in Ukraine and Russia , including Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , the self-declared mayor of Slovyansk , a rebel stronghold in the Donetsk region , and Vladimir Shamanov , commander of Russian airborne troops . CNN 's Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	The violence occurred in the restive Luhansk region Along with the deaths , dozens of people were injured The European Union is sanctioning 11 more people over the crisis
CNN  -- Mohamed Morsy considers himself still to be Egypt 's leader , despite his ouster more than four months ago in a military coup , he said in a statement read by an attorney Wednesday . "  I am still the legitimate president of the Egyptian republic , " Morsy said , according to the statement read by a lawyer who was part of a team of Muslim Brotherhood attorneys who visited with him in prison . Morsy , 62 , called his ouster "  a high treason . " Opinion : Egypt and the death of liberalism In the statement , which was read by Mohamed Al-Domati , Morsy said that he was kidnapped on July 2 by the Republican Guard and taken three days later to a naval base , where he and his aides have been held for the past four months . After a court hearing on November 4 , he was then taken to the heavily guarded Borg Al-Arab Prison in Alexandria . The nation 's first democratically elected president added that he had yet to meet with any representatives of the armed forces or of the Egyptian media . Morsy said no one has visited him except for EU Foreign Affairs Representative Catherine Ashton , a delegation of the World Elders Organization and four investigators , "  whose questions I refused to answer because their interrogation is a violation of the constitution . " Opinion : How to rescue the Arab Spring In an apparent reference to mobile phone video of him speaking to unidentified persons that was leaked to the Egyptian media , he said , "  Everything that was attributed to me is baseless . " Morsy faces charges of incitement to murder , which are connected to protests against his rule last December and could result in the death penalty . Egypt 's state-run news agency Ahram Online said Tuesday that the five-member delegation included his son , Osama , and that they urged Morsy to name a defense lawyer . But in the first trial session last week , Morsy refused to recognize the court . Under Egyptian law , criminal courts appoint a lawyer if a defendant refuses to engage one . Defendants are not allowed to represent themselves . The hearing , which was the first public sighting of the ousted president since his overthrow , was adjourned to January 8 . Lawyers plan to challenge the court 's jurisdiction on the grounds that the country 's president shall not be tried without the consent of parliament , El-Damaty said , according to Ahram Online . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Schams Elwazer and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report	"  I am still the legitimate president , " statement says Morsy calls his ouster "  a high treason " He had been held incommunicado for months
CNN  -- Bored with Pearl , the cursing toddler landlord demanding rent money ? Not amused by those cutesy pictures of cats with the baby-speak captions ? The Web is full of clever blogs and funny sites , including many that find comedy in real life . Maybe you need some fresh sources of Internet humor . The Web is full of clever blogs and funny sites , including many that collect amusing gags from users and find comedy in real life . Click away from the cats and replenish your list of favorite bookmarks with these 10 new or lesser-known humor sites : Awkward Family Photos Snapping the perfect family photo creates stress for anyone involved . Should we go casual and wear blue jeans with polo shirts on a beach or be a bit crazy , wear matching outfits and -- wait for it -- lean toward the camera ? Ah , choices . This user-powered blog highlights the most well , awkward , family photos submitted by its contributors . Just do n't show this to your mom for portrait suggestions . My Life is Average Breaking news : Your life is most likely mundane and not glamorous or melodramatic like "  Gossip Girl . " Thankfully , someone has finally created a Web site for average people to commiserate about their average-ness . For a taste , here is a recent posting : "  Today , I ate a "  Fun Size " Snickers bar . I think that the regular size is more fun . MLIA  My life is average  . " My Parents Joined Facebook Logging on to Facebook , one is bombarded these days with pointless quizzes , embarrassing photos and a friend request from ... Mom ? The inevitable has happened -- your parents are on Facebook . Using submissions from users , this site highlights just what a foreign place Facebook is to parents . If you think associating with them in person is uncomfortable , this blog highlights the awkwardness that comes when your mom takes a "  What porn star are you ? " quiz . Garfield Minus Garfield Someone has found a way to make the Garfield cat comic strip funny : edit out Garfield . The author , who recently released a book of these comic strips , digitally edits out Garfield for a less-than-flattering portrayal of Garfield 's owner , Jon Arbuckle . Without his lasagna-loving cat , he looks like a lonely man who talks to himself -- and whose life resembles that of "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin . " Remember , if you are having a bad day , it could be worse -- you could be Jon . Laser Portraits The 1980s brought great advancements in the photography world , such as an automatic SLR camera , the BetaCam and ... laser backgrounds . It was a magical world back then , where little Jimmy posed for his school picture not against a typical light-blue background but a "  Tron " - like video game gone awry . Looking at these pictures , one has to wonder if the use of those dangerous lasers injured any kids . Historical Tweets Who needs high school when history can be explained in 140 characters ? Did you know the origin of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech ? @martinlkjr tweets : "  Bought a sleep journal . I keep having dreams but forget to write them down . " Safety Graphics Safety signs are supposed to protect us from the dangers of big , scary machines and equipment . But most of the time , the signs turn out to be a parody of themselves . This blog gathers photos of actual safety signs with symbols of people being electrocuted , crushed by garage doors and so on . The "  No Weapons Allowed " sign would not deter any killer from shooting the place up . Someecards These electronic greeting cards offer wry commentary on everything from birthdays to topical events such as swine flu and the death of Michael Jackson . A recent Father 's Day card said , "  You 're the best father I can imagine unless you lost my inheritance in the economic meltdown in which case I can imagine better . " Graph Jam The task of illustrating a depressing point , like a company 's plunging profits , always lands on the poor graph . But no one said the lowly graph always has to be bleak -- or boring . This Web site displays the best user-submitted graphs on a variety of oddball topics , from the percentage of people who dislike Michael Jackson to things people want to do in New Jersey  No. 1 option : Leave  . Although GraphJam has been around for awhile , it remains one of the cleverest sites on the Internet . This is Why You 're Fat Feeling regretful about those French fries you had with lunch ? Here is a site that makes those greasy treats look healthy . Witness the chicken finger bacon pizza , which is drenched in Thousand Island dressing and baked to golden perfection , or the Pattie LaBurger , a triple-bacon cheeseburger that uses deep-fried burger patties as buns . If you dare to eat any of these , make sure you have a cardiologist on speed dial .	Forget LOL cats , here are 10 lesser-known Web sites that will give you a laugh "  Laser Portraits " highlights cheesy school pictures from the '80s "  My Parents Joined Facebook " gripes about Mom reading your status updates "  This is Why You 're Fat " collects food pics that make your cheeseburger look healthy
CNN  -- The United States and its allies are angrier at Russia now over Ukraine , but will they do anything more about it -- especially Europe ? In solemn procession , wooden caskets carrying the remains of those killed in the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine -- the majority of the dead were Dutch citizens -- have been arriving in the Netherlands . In all , the nearly 300 victims hailed from more than 10 countries , leaving nations mourning and politicians debating how to deal with Moscow , whose ties with the Ukrainian rebels suspected of downing the jet on July 17 are being cast in the most negative light . The tragedy has stirred European officials to look at new action against a country that is crucial to their economies . What 's the layout on sanctions ? On July 16 , the U.S. imposed its harshest sanctions yet on Russia over its annexation of Crimea , and what the Obama administration said was Russia 's failure to end the Ukraine conflict . President Barack Obama expanded steps in targeting two banks , Gazprom Bank and VEB ; and two energy companies , Novotek and Rosneft . They wo n't be able to get important financing in the United States . In addition , the administration froze any U.S. assets and prohibited American business contacts for eight Russian arms companies that make weapons , including small arms , mortars and surface-to-air missiles . One is the Kalashnikov Concern , maker of the AK-47 and other arms . Earlier this year , the United States and Europe imposed a more limited range of sanctions in response to Russia 's annexation of Crimea and the massing of troops along its eastern border with Ukraine . Those included asset freezes and travel bans . What 's changed since then ? MH17 was blown out of the sky . U.S. officials believe Russia armed the pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine with the rocket system suspected of shooting down the jetliner on July 17 . Though , they now say it 's likely the rebels did n't know it was a commercial plane at more than 30,000 feet . Russian leaders deny any responsibility -- even indirectly -- and are pointing fingers at Ukraine and NATO for stirring up trouble in the region . It 's only upped the ante regarding Russia and its relationship with the United States and its European allies . Aside from the general allied approach to Ukraine , there is more pressure than ever now on Europe to take tougher action because so many of the MH17 passengers were from there , and emotions are fever pitch . Why has n't Europe acted that forcefully ? Earlier this year , Europe joined the United States in imposing limited sanctions in response to Russia ' actions in Crimea and eastern Ukraine . Those sanctions included asset freezes and travel bans . The U.S. response is tougher but it does n't do a ton of business with Russia . Europe on the other hand does . Experts said Europe imports nearly 30 % of its energy from Russia , raising the specter of rolling blackouts and unheated homes in the region next winter should Russia decide to retaliate for tougher sanctions . London 's place as a regional financial hub is highly dependent on Russian capital . France has already signed off on a deal to deliver two warships to Russia , according to experts . Oil giant Shell , which has its headquarters in The Hague , is the largest corporation in the Netherlands and has huge investments in Russia . Remember the MH17 victims and the Netherlands . But ... "  So the Europeans have over the last decade , as Russia has grown as an oil country , gotten themselves so intermeshed that it 's very tough for them to do it , " said CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , referring to tougher sanctions . But is n't the pressure really on now ? Yes . The European Union 's 28 member states displayed a little more resolve on Thursday . EU ambassadors said they were considering targeting banks vital to Russia 's economy , including access to capital markets , defense and technologies such as the energy sector . Robert Kahn , a senior fellow for international economics with the Council on Foreign Relations , said sanctions are only effective if widely backed by Western nations . U.S. sanctions alone have teeth but similar action by European allies would apply real pain . "  We 're really at an early inning of the sanctions , " Kahn said . OK , so what 's next ? It 's really not clear if widespread anger at Moscow will ultimately force new action to isolate Russia further . The EU ambassadors continue to meet on the subject and there is no indication they will abandon caution at the very least . "  There are a lot of economic interests that would be affected by a comprehensive breakdown in relations , " Kahn said . Map : Europe 's thirst for Russian gas But the end , some experts believe Europe is unlikely to take a tougher line . "  I honestly think the Europeans have no spine , " said Boston University professor Alya Guseva , an economic sociologist . "  It 's amazing to me on a moral level . How bad should it get ? As a human being , I do n't quite grasp that . This seems to be as bad as it can get . " But if they acted , what would be the toughest step ? Let 's start with the current sanctions overall . Kahn predicted that by fall , those will begin targeting specific sectors of Russia 's economy -- the eighth-largest in the world , with GDP of more than $ 2 trillion . "  It 's going to take some time for the accumulated effects of all of this to really be felt by the Russian people , " he said . Real pain for Russia would come from any sanctions aimed at cutting off an entire part of its economy , such as defense , energy or finance , according to experts . Kahn said the United States took a first step in this direction last week by adding important Russian banks and energy companies to its list . "  I think the most realistic goal is what Obama was articulating early on : to change the calculus , " Guseva said . "  It does n't even have to be the damage that is done . It has to be a credible threat that damage can be done . The Russian economy is not that strong ... It may not take much to sort of spin out of control . " Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? Sanctions : Top 10 Russian targets Opinion : Europe must increase sanctions on Russia	European leaders discuss further sanctions against Russia after downing of MH-17 The day before the crash , the U.S. escalated its sanctions on Russia 's financial sector This week , the EU said it was adding more people and entities to its sanctions list
CNN  -- The curtain was raised on the English flat racing season in emphatic style as the Godolphin-owned Dawn Approach stormed to victory in the 2,000 Guineas , the first "  classic " of the season , at Newmarket 's Rowley Mile Saturday . The powerful chestnut , ridden by Kevin Manning , took the lead inside the final furlong and never looked like tiring , running out a five-length winner from Glory Awaits . It was a dominant performance in a race which has traditionally served as a bellwether for future greatness ; a roll call of just the last few winners of this race includes no less personages as Camelot , Frankel , Makfi and Sea The Stars . It was also the first step towards redemption for Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai . After a tumultuous fortnight for Godolphin , which saw Sheikh Mohammed 's racing operation engulfed by a doping scandal the likes of which has never been seen in British racing , the Sheikh himself was in attendance to witness his famous royal blue colors flying high once more , albeit courtesy of a horse trained outside of his Godolphin power base . Although he refused to be drawn on the scandal in his post-race remarks , Dubai 's ruler was clearly relieved . "  I am very happy to come and to see a good horse winning the Guineas -- and I think he is a great horse , " he said . Sheikh Mohammed purchased this horse as a two-year-old from Irish owner/trainer Jim Bolger . Indeed , the Sheikh is almost certainly thanking his lucky stars that he elected to keep Dawn Approach in training with Bolger in Ireland rather than move him into the care of Mahmood Al Zarooni , his disgraced former trainer who is currently serving an eight-year ban from the sport after he admitted to doping 15 of his horses with anabolic steroids , including 1,000 Guineas hopeful Certify . That yard in Newmarket remains on lock down until every horse can be demonstrated to be clean and steroid free . Superstar showdown This race had been billed as a showdown between two unbeaten superstars , Dawn Approach and rival Toronado . At least one horse had to lose his unbeaten record today , and it was Toronado who appeared to fade badly at the business end of the race , having been kept in contention up to that point by Richard Hughes . Dawn Approach , meanwhile , though he took longer to get into his stride , appeared to promise much more as he flew past the winning post to the delight of a packed Rowley Mile crowd . "  He is a very special horse . He traveled very well throughout the race , " winning rider Kevin Manning said . Although considered the first leg of English racing 's Triple Crown , it is by no means a certainty that a Guineas winner will go to contest the longer distance Epsom Derby , racing 's ` blue riband ' event and the second leg of the treble . Bolger disclosed after the race that any decision about the Derby would be taken in consultation with the owner . "  Sheikh Mohammed said we would sleep on it and we will see from there , " said Bolger . "  He 's a hardy horse and I 'm sure he will come out of it well . " Despite this , Dawn Approach is widely expected to head to Epsom next month and has already moved into firm favoritism for the Derby , a race that has never been won by Godolphin . What price the ultimate comeback for racing 's most famous patron ? For Sheikh Mohammed and Godolphin , the journey of one thousand miles may just have begun with eight furlongs in Suffolk . 1,000 Guineas Hughes bounced back from Saturday 's disappointment to win the first British Classic of his career in Sunday 's 1,000 Guineas at Newmarket . The 40-year-old Irishman , who was last season 's champion jockey , came home first on Sky Lantern -- like Toronado , trained by his father in law Richard Hannon . The champion two-year-old last year , Sky Lantern worked her way through the field to win in sunny conditions .	Dawn Approach wins 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket Godolphin owned colt ridden by Kevin Manning Dawn Approach trained in Ireland by Jim Bolger Godolphin 's Newmarket operation on lock down after doping scandal
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Tito Mukhopadhyay uses poetry to talk with his mother , Soma . The autistic teenager is a published author . CNN  -- Tito Mukhopadhyay shuffles to the front door of his home in Austin , Texas . He 's coming home from school , something that would have been unthinkable just a few years ago . His mother , 45-year-old Soma Mukhopadhyay , is considered a pioneer in a breakthrough treatment for some autistic children who face the stigma of being considered "  mentally retarded . " That was a label Soma never accepted for 19-year-old Tito . And after hearing Tito 's story , you 'll never look at an autistic child the same way . "  How was your day ? " Soma asks . Before Tito can answer , he obsessively moves around the house , placing the TV remote in its proper place , arranging the salt and pepper shakers just so . Then he sits down in front of his specially designed keyboard to type his response . "  It was like a floating kangaroo that kept itself invisible , " Tito answers . Tito 's cryptic reply is part of his medical condition . But his distinctive way of speaking is also a gift that has made him famous in a misunderstood community . Watch Tito interact with his mother " Though Tito is virtually mute , that changes when he picks up a pencil to write , or begins tapping at his keyboard . He is a poet , and the author of several books and essays in which he eloquently describes what it 's like to be autistic . In his writings , he explains why he does n't make eye contact , what it is like to be obsessed with a ceiling fan , and how his brain has trouble processing sound , touch and sight all at once . Experts confirm Tito 's observations of autism . One doctor described it as the way the brain fails . None can agree on its exact cause , but most believe there is a genetic predisposition to the condition , with significant environmental triggers involved . The developmental disorder affects the way the brain works and affects the way the child interacts with society . Some doctors and parents see a link between childhood vaccines , others suspect pesticides or drugs taken during pregnancy . The theories are endless and most experts agree there is no single cause . Whatever autism is , its symptoms range from a mild form to rendering individuals dependent on others for life . Many people with autism are able to take in information very well , but the wiring in the brain simply wo n't allow the information to be processed in the form of organized thought and language . Tito has given experts some rare insight into what that feels like . His poetry includes stanzas like this : "  I am he . And I am me . I am he behind that mirror I am me watching the he . " One of his favorite books is Plato 's "  Republic . " The world may have never known about Tito 's gift except for the efforts of his mother , Soma , who is from India . Doctors there told Soma that Tito was mentally retarded and beyond hope . She gave up her career in chemistry , determined to teach him . Eventually , an organization in the United States brought Soma and Tito , then 10 years old , to the United States to study him because he defied the stereotype of an autistic child . Soma 's method of teaching Tito is called the Rapid Prompting Method . I watched her work with other children at the HALO -- Helping Autism through Learning and Outreach -- center in Austin , Texas , where she teaches while Tito attends school . The therapy starts by asking the children to point at words on pieces of paper . Once they 've mastered that , they use the stencil . If their motor skills develop well enough , the children will type on a specially designed keyboard . Her technique seems to be working for the children who attend therapy at HALO . There is a yearlong waiting list for four-day therapy sessions . It can take years to see progress . Rapid Prompting has not been tested in long-term scientific studies , and Soma is not without her critics . Some criticize her methods as harsh and unproven . During her sessions , Soma never says "  good job , " never rewards a child with a high-five or a treat , which is a common reward in other therapeutic techniques . Soma is unapologetic . "  I do n't see the child as autistic . I do n't see the label at all , " Soma says , speaking quickly in her musical Indian accent . "  I see the child as a person . And just as I would talk to any person , I would talk to a child , because the world is not going to talk to them in a very slow way . " Dr. Michael Merzenich was one of the first experts to pay attention to Soma 's technique . He 's a neuroscientist at the University of California , and he believes Soma 's rapid prompting works . He says there is no doubt the children are using their minds to create their own words and express their own ideas . Unlike facilitated learning techniques that have been discredited , Soma does not guide the children 's hands . "  Imagine what it would be like , " he says , "  to be able to understand everything that 's said to you -- to think and to be unable to communicate your own thoughts and ideas . " Merzenich does not believe Rapid Prompting works for all autistic children , but has no doubt it can help thousands . I watch several young children in their therapy sessions on this day in Austin . Some struggle horribly . The session makes the children appear stressed , but they continually make small breakthroughs and answer questions correctly . Soma conducts about 10 therapy sessions a day . "  You must be exhausted , " I say to her . "  I ca n't be , " she answers curtly but with a smile . "  I have to go home now and teach Tito . " At their home , I ask Tito if he is happier now that he can communicate . He writes out a long response on a piece of paper on a clipboard . "  I ca n't say whether I am happy or not , because happiness is a state of my mind . So sometimes I think I 'm happy . Other times it is hollowness . " It 's probably a true statement for most of us at some point in our lives . Soma smiles at the response and does n't miss a beat . "  Keep writing , " she says to Tito . "  Keep going . " E-mail to a friend	Autistic poet defies stereotypes about mystery illness Doctors told mom he was beyond hope Tito is now published poet
CNN  -- Three Pakistan cricketers who were banned from the sport for five years announced on Monday they will appeal their suspensions in the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  . Mohammad Amir , Salman Butt and Mohammad Asif have launched their challenges after the sport 's governing body , the International Cricket Council  ICC  , found them guilty of "  spot-fixing . " Amir , 18 , and Asif , 28 , were found to have deliberately bowled no-balls during a Test match with England in August 2010 -- a match Pakistan lost -- while Butt was said to have been aware of the arrangement . Butt , 26 , received a 10-year ban of which half was suspended , right-arm bowler Asif was hit with a seven-year exclusion with 24 months suspended and fast-bowler Amir was banned for five years . "  CAS has registered the appeals filed by Mohammad Asif , Mohammad Amir and Salman Butt against the ICC Anti-Corruption Tribunal 's decision of 5 February 2011 , " a CAS statement read . "  The CAS will not comment any further on these matters until a panel of arbitrators has been constituted and a procedural calendar established . " The trio were also told last month they will face criminal charges in Britain , along with their agent Mazhar Majeed , for conspiracy to obtain and accept corrupt payments , and conspiracy to cheat . The four men accused of corruption have all denied the charges . Amir made his Test debut for Pakistan against Sri Lanka in 2009 and went on to become the youngest player to reach 50 Test wickets . Asif has courted controversy previously in his career after serving a one-year ban when he tested positive for steroids . Former team captain Butt has represented his country in 33 Test matches and scored 1889 runs .	Three Pakistan cricketers who were suspended for at least five years have appealed The suspensions relate to spot-fixing allegations in a Test match with England The trio will also face prosecution on corruption charges in Britain
Ever feel overwhelmed by worries ? Do you find yourself dwelling on concerns big  is my job safe ?  and small  that darn clogged sink !  ? It 's official : You 're human and living in the United States . Anxiety levels in this country are the highest they 've been in seven decades , surveys show . Not surprisingly , money and work woes top most people 's freak-out lists  thank you , lingering recession  . All that e-mailing , texting , and tweeting are n't helping ; social technology has reduced actual face time  a known stress reliever  and made us compulsively available to everyone at all times . Women suffer most -- we 're twice as likely as men to be diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder , which involves excessive worry about a wide range of things  and requires medical attention  . "  Women are more likely to feel responsible for taking care of others ' well-being , " says Robert Leahy , director of the American Institute for Cognitive Therapy and author of "  The Worry Cure : Seven Steps to Stop Worry from Stopping You . " And in this you-can-do-it ! era , some of us think we can power through anxiety , which only exacerbates the problem . Chronic stress has been linked to weight gain , depression , and even cancer . But this does n't have to be your fate . You can actually train your brain to be less anxious . Recent studies have found that both cognitive behavioral therapy  CBT  -- more about this in a minute -- and mindfulness techniques can make positive changes to your gray matter , ones actually visible in a brain scan . Health.com : 7 steps to instant calm What is CBT , anyway ? CBT centers on the idea that we can free ourselves from a lot of angst by becoming aware of our distorted view of situations , particularly stressful ones , and adjusting our behaviors accordingly . A 2012 review concluded that CBT can enlarge the prefrontal cortex -- the part of the brain associated with weighing thoughts and making decisions -- and reduce the size of the amygdala , the region associated with stress and fear . In another study of patients with social phobia that compared the effects of CBT and the antidepressant citalopram , both treatments triggered changes in the parts of the brain that help us process , and act upon , fears . "  Our brains are constantly being shaped , most often unwittingly , " says Richard Davidson , director of the Lab for Affective Neuroscience at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . "  But there are things we can do to purposefully shape them and reduce anxiety . " You can try CBT on your own with the exercises that follow , or , for a more in-depth experience , find a therapist who specializes in it . The more you incorporate these very doable techniques into your life , the more second nature they 'll become when anxious thoughts rear their ugly little heads . Try them all , then do the ones that work best daily ; in about two weeks , you 'll start to see a calmer , happier you . Health.com : Which type of talk therapy is best for you ? Stay calm now , worry later "  Much of feeling anxious is that sense of urgency : ` I 've got to know -- is this mole cancer ? ' " Leahy notes . "  But research shows that 85 % of things people worry about actually end up having a positive or neutral outcome . " Write down exactly what 's worrying you , then do n't look at your note again for three or five hours . Chances are , it will feel less worrisome , and you 'll be better able to consider productive actions , like scheduling a skin check at the dermatologist . Think small Too often , anxieties swell to epic size : I 'll never get out of debt ! "  Things feel more manageable when you remove worry 's distortions , " notes Tamar Chansky , author of "  Freeing Yourself from Anxiety . " Take it step by step instead : I ca n't pay off all the bills now , but I can chip away at them every month . Health.com : 9 things to stop worrying about Give yourself a pep talk Write down or say out loud the ways you are prepared to handle a situation : I generally get things done . I know how to ask for help . Remind yourself how capable you are . Let George Clooney help Imagine the issue from an outside perspective , Chansky suggests . What would your best friend -- or your favorite celebrity -- say ? Conjure up that person 's voice as they guide you to calm . George : Listen , woman , that CEO has a bark much bigger than his bite . You 've totally got this . You : You are so right . Use your senses Mindfulness , an ancient practice that focuses your brain on the present , is as old as Buddha . But it 's experiencing a surge of popularity ; companies like Google and General Mills have mindfulness programs for employees . Like CBT , it conditions your mind to be more stress-resistant . In a 2012 study , students trained in a mindfulness technique had a significant decrease in stress-related cortisol and an increase in signaling connections  called axons  in a part of the brain that controls emotions . Health.com : Head-to-toe solutions for stress "  When we feel anxiety , our thoughts are rarely in the present , " says Jenny C. Yip , a cognitive behavioral therapist in Los Angeles . "  We are either ruminating about past mistakes or worrying about future consequences . " Zooming in on what you can see , hear , taste , smell , or feel shifts your mind to the present . The more you practice this , the better equipped you 'll be when anxiety strikes , and the quicker you 'll calm down . Try this four-step exercise : 1 . With eyes closed , imagine yourself and your surroundings from above . 2 . How does the floor , mat , or chair feel ? How 's the temperature in the room ? 3 . What are the sounds ? Maybe an electrical appliance is humming , or trees outside are rustling . 4 . Now tune into all these things at once . Hard , right ? That 's the point -- to fill your thoughts with the present . When your mind wanders  and it will  , bring it back to your senses . It may just bring -- as famously said on "  Seinfeld " -- serenity now .	Anxiety levels in the United States are the highest in decades Chronic stress has been linked to weight gain , depression and cancer With practice , stress-reduction techniques can become second nature
CNN  -- Hundreds of acres of winding trails and giant boulders are closed at a popular site in Joshua Tree National Park . And social media is playing a role . The California park is battling an outbreak of graffiti splashed across its vast rock formations . Vandals are posting pictures of their graffiti on social media sites , according to officials , making the illegal handiwork more popular and exacerbating the problem . "  Oatmeal cookie , " some of the graffiti reads . "  Little nature boy . " To limit the impact of vandalism on historic sites , park rangers closed 308 acres of Rattlesnake Canyon until the end of the month , citing the escalating problem . "  Since January , individuals have defaced the day-use and canyon area of Rattlesnake Canyon with graffiti , " the park said in a statement . "  While this started as a few markings , social media posts appear to have sparked numerous individuals ' interest in adding to the vandalism of this scenic canyon . The continued malicious desecration of Joshua Tree National Park has now affected archeological sites . " During the closure , park officials will review and work to correct the damage to the areas affected . The closed canyon features massive rock formations and rugged desert trails . Earlier this year , park officials also closed access to the historic Barker Dam , which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places , after vandals scrawled a series of writings on the landmark wall . If found guilty of defacing government property , vandals face a $ 5,000 fine and up to six months imprisonment . Joshua Tree National Park comprises about 800,000 acres . Highways unleash America 's wandering , restless spirit	Vandals face a $ 5,000 fine and up to six months imprisonment Park rangers close more than 300 acres of a popular canyon The vast California park is battling rampant graffiti splashed across its rock formations
Rolling Stone  -- Sometimes a movie comes out of nowhere and wins you over . "  Safety Not Guaranteed " is that kind of unexpected gift . At first , the story smacks of quirk : A loner  Mark Duplass  places an ad for a partner to join him in traveling back in time  "  Must bring your own weapons . Safety not guaranteed "  . Tracking the story are Seattle journos Jeff  Jake Johnson  , Arnau  Karan Soni  and Darius  Aubrey Plaza  , who falls for the big guy . Director Colin Trevorrow and writer Derek Connolly keep the film humming with funny and touching surprises . And Plaza is a flat-out enchantress . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Peter Travers : "  Safety Not Guaranteed " is an unexpected gift Director Colin Trevorrow keeps the film humming with funny surprises Aubrey Plaza is a flat-out enchantress
Lonely Planet  -- The romance of long ocean and river voyages of history holds powerful sway over the dreams of many world travelers . But there 's no need to relegate the great voyage to the realm of books and dreams -- many can still be done today in classic style . The following ocean and river voyages rank among the most iconic and memorable travel experiences on or off water . So put on your best Poirot accent , and brush up on your Huck Finn river lingo , and climb aboard for the voyages of a lifetime . 1 . The Nile Sailing boat or time machine ? The world 's longest river feels like it 's the oldest , and to board a vessel on the Nile is to peel back millennia and slow down to river speed as ancient temples , oxcarts and palm trees -- unaltered since Pharaohs ruled the roost -- pass by . Essential experiences : Docking at Luxor for Ancient Egypt 's finest : the colossal columns of Karnak , Luxor Temple  best seen lit up after dark  and the Valley of the Kings . Quaffing cocktails on the veranda of Aswan 's grand Old Cataract Hotel . Entering the tombs of Ramses II at Abu Simbel , relocated in the 1960s to avoid being covered by the waters of Lake Nasser . Seeing the ` smoking water ' of 45m-high Tis Issat  Blue Nile Falls  in Ethiopia . Lonely Planet : The world 's greatest historical journeys 2 . The Northwest Passage Sail through the most legendary shipping route on Earth , following in the wake of a host of Victorian-era explorers seeking the ocean 's holy grail : safe boat passage across the frozen top of North America to the riches of Asia . Essential experiences : Wandering through the Northwest Passage Park and Interpretive Centre at Gjoa Haven , in Nunavut . Stopping in at Beechey Island , a national historic site east of Cornwallis Island , where the Franklin expedition wintered before vanishing forever -- traces of the men and their unsuccessful rescuers remain . Viewing the remains of Roald Amundsen 's schooner Maud in the harbor of Cambridge Bay , where Northwest Passage explorers often took shelter . 3 . Norway 's fjords Scoured and gouged by ancient glaciers , Norway 's fjords are a veritable wonderland . These deep , sea-drowned valleys , scissored by impossibly rugged terrain , were recently voted by National Geographic Traveler magazine as the world 's best travel destination . Essential experiences : Staring gobsmacked at the imposing cliffs of Geirangerfjord . Taking the thrilling Flmsbana railway trip between Hardangervidda and Flm . Appreciating art nouveau architecture in charming lesund . Thrilling to the delights of Bergen , a beautiful , charming city , with a World Heritage-listed neighborhood , Bryggen , and buzzing harbor , ringed by seven hills and seven fjords . 4 . Down the Mississippi to New Orleans The Mississippi : America 's most important river . It gave birth to the blues , Huckleberry Finn , Budweiser and much more . It witnessed the Civil War and the end of slavery . Follow it all the way down to New Orleans and bid it farewell as it leaves , seeping out into the Gulf of Mexico . Essential experiences : Visiting the Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum in Hannibal to bone up on your Huck Finn knowledge , and finding the places he transposed into his famous novel . Exploring Memphis ' Slave Haven Underground Railroad Museum to learn about the transportation of slaves down the river to freedom . Making a pilgrimage to Elvis Presley 's Graceland in Memphis , and getting a dose of the blues in Clarksdale . Savoring river cuisine : slow-burning tamales and melt-off-the-bone ribs in Clarksdale ; chili tamales and steaks in Greenville ; and the full gamut of Cajun and Creole cuisine in New Orleans . 5 . The River Ganges Glacial teardrops gather into streams , cascading into navigable white water and eventually smoothing into a serene mocha river that cleanses sins , transports souls and irrigates productive farmland . It is the Mother Ganga , India 's most sacred river . Lonely Planet : How to travel like a kid Essential experiences : Trekking from Gangotri Temple to Gaumukh , the terminus for the hulking Gangotri Glacier , the source of the Ganges . Meditating the ashrams of yoga-mecca Rishikesh , where the Fab Four got their Eastern fix in the 1960s . Snapping photos and absorbing the devotional spirit of India in the overlooked city of Haridwar . Exploring the tumbledown ghats on foot or by boat in Varanasi , as the pilgrims bathe in the holy river . Lonely Planet : The very best time to visit a National Park is ... 6 . The Amazon River The Amazon : Physically , it 's immense and mythically it 's the very same . A riverine Amazon journey never fails to evoke overlapping imagery : exotic , dense rain forest ; indigenous tribes ; abundant wildlife ; enveloping mystery ; sometimes even menace . Essential experiences : Canoeing through a flooded forest . Dozing in a hammock on a slow boat to nowhere . Listening to the song of a thousand birds and the eerie cry of howler monkeys . Stopping at a riverside town and hiking through the lush rainforest . 7 . Mekong River One of the world 's longest rivers , to follow it is to experience the great cultural and geographical diversity of a continent , to absorb its many refractions of Buddhism and to meet rural Asia at her most picturesque , almost always bathed in natural , mystical beauty . Essential experiences : Wandering along the headwaters in the unforgettable Tibetan Plateau where cultures collide in the shadow of the Himalayas . Exploring China 's mystical and enchanting Yunnan Province , dotted with limestone peaks and carved with deep river gorges . Being seduced by the saffron-robed monks , shady streets , colonial buildings , handicrafts and patisseries of charming and delicious , Luang Prabang . Exploring the vast , colorful water world that is the Mekong Delta . 8 . The Yangtze by slow boat A cruise down China 's Yangtze , the world 's third-longest river , is one of the most memorable water-borne journeys on earth . When the river threads through the Three Gorges , flowing between rock formations and stunning cliffs , it 's nothing less than magical . Essential experiences : Watching the Three Gorges peek into view through a shroud of mist . Changing boats at Wushan for the Little Three Gorges . Enjoying the ancient town of Fngji overlooking Qutang Gorge , the entrance point to White King Town . Taking it easy as the boat slowly wends its way .  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Sail down the Nile to experience the Luxor Temple and the tombs of Ramses II at Abu Simbel Indulge in the savory cuisine found along the banks of the Mississippi China 's Yangtze flows through the Three Gorges between rock formations and cliffs
CNN  -- A day after jurors found her guilty of first-degree murder , Jodi Arias and her attorneys met with a judge in a closed-door hearing Thursday , according to a source with knowledge of the proceedings . The hearing was sealed , and it 's unclear what they discussed . But afterward , officials abruptly announced the cancellation of Thursday 's court proceedings and said that the trial would not resume until next week . The last-minute cancellation was the latest twist in a high-profile case that has been marked by drama so intense that spectators line up to get seats in the Phoenix courtroom . Court proceedings are now scheduled to resume on Wednesday at 10 a.m.  1 p.m. ET  . That 's because the prosecution 's witness , medical examiner Dr. Kevin Horn , is not available Monday or Tuesday , the source with knowledge of the proceedings said . Although it was not immediately clear what prompted the unexpected scheduling change , some analysts pointed to a television interview Arias gave minutes after the verdict was announced Wednesday . "  I said years ago that I 'd rather get death than life , and that still is true today , " she told Phoenix television station KSAZ . "  I believe death is the ultimate freedom , so I 'd rather just have my freedom as soon as I can get it . " Arias told KSAZ that longevity runs in her family , and that the worst possible outcome in the case would be a life sentence without parole . "  I would much rather die sooner than later , " she said . The comments prompted authorities to place Arias on suicide watch , according to the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office . After visiting with her family Wednesday night , Arias was transferred from the jail where she had been held to a psychiatric ward at a different jail , the sheriff 's office said . Her mother , Sandra Arias , told In Session 's Jean Casarez Thursday evening that authorities did not allow her to visit with her daughter in the psychiatric ward because she is "  under watch " there . What 's next for Arias Evidence that convicted Arias Next phase in trial is key Arias was stoic in court Wednesday . Her eyes briefly welled up with tears as a clerk announced that the jury found her guilty of first-degree murder for killing ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in June 2008 . Alexander was stabbed repeatedly , shot and nearly decapitated five years ago . Arias says she killed him in self-defense after he attacked her , but the grisly slaying caused even some anti-domestic violence advocates to doubt her case . The jury 's highly anticipated verdict Wednesday after more than 15 hours of deliberation was a significant step in the case . But the trial is n't over yet . And Arias , who testified for 18 days during the trial , could speak to jurors again in court . The next step of the case , known as the aggravation phase , is now scheduled to start on Wednesday . That phase will move Arias closer to learning whether she will live or die . Before they can consider imposing the death penalty , jurors must answer a key question : was Arias cruel when she killed Alexander ? To answer that question , prosecutors will have a chance to present additional evidence and jurors will decide whether Alexander 's death was caused in a cruel manner . Prosecutor Juan Martinez is expected to call Horn , the medical examiner , back to the stand to testify about how Alexander suffered before he died . There are currently 127 people on death row in Arizona . If Arias is given a sentence of death , she would be the fourth woman on death row in the state . Twists and turns of the trial Catch up quickly on the Arias trial Trial marked by dramatic arguments In the trial , both sides have dramatically presented their arguments with details about Arias ' love affair with Alexander . "  She rewarded that love from Travis Alexander by sticking a knife in his chest , " Martinez said in his opening statement . "  And you know he was a good man , according to her . And with regard to being a good man , well , she slit his throat as a reward for being a good man . And in terms of these blessings , well , she knocked the blessings out of him by putting a bullet in his head . " Photos : Alexander and his girlfriend But defense attorney Jennifer Willmott countered : "  Jodi Arias killed Travis Alexander . There is no question about it . The million-dollar question is what would have forced her to do it ? " Willmott said Arias was the victim of a controlling , psychologically abusive relationship , and Alexander considered Arias "  his dirty little secret . " Martinez accused Arias of playing the victim . He alleged she staged the crime scene to make it look like self-defense . He also accused her of actively seeking to profit from her media attention . Courtroom bomb threat Earlier Thursday , the sheriff 's office said a suspect had been detained after a reported bomb threat targeting the courtroom where the Arias trial is taking place . Authorities found no evidence of explosives or threats at the courthouse , Sheriff Joe Arpaio told reporters . A search of the suspect 's hotel room revealed bullets , but no gun or explosives , he said . But Arpaio said deputies were interviewing the suspect and the investigation was ongoing . "  I hope this does n't disrupt the trial . On the other hand , I think people have to know that this guy who made the threat is behind bars , " he said . "  Let 's go on with the trial and see what happens . " Quiz : Test your legal knowledge In Session 's Grace Wong , Nancy Leung and Scott Tufts and CNN 's Ed Payne , Dana Ford , Ashleigh Banfield and Eliott C. McLaughlin and HLN 's Beth Karas and Graham Winch contributed to this report .	Arias and the defense meet with the judge in a sealed hearing Officials have not said why the next phase of the trial was rescheduled Arias tells a TV station she would rather get the death penalty than a life sentence Authorities place her on suicide watch after the TV interview
CNN  -- David Beckham was not ready to make his eagerly awaited debut but his new Paris Saint Germain teammates marked his arrival at the club with a 4-0 win at Toulouse Friday . The comfortable victory leaves the Parisian giants three points clear of Lyon at the top ahead of the other weekend fixtures in France . Beckham signed for the Qatari-owned club Thursday to much fanfare , but having not played a competitive match since the end of the Major League Soccer season two months ago needs time to acquire full fitness . While 100 euro replica shirts bearing the name of the 37-year-old football icon were selling briskly in the French capital , his teammates traveled nearly 600 kilometers south for a key match as they bid to back up their big spending with the domestic crown . Carlo Ancelotti 's men were ahead after just four minutes as Javier Pastore scored . The Argentina star had been on target in PSG 's 3-1 French Cup win over the same opponents last week and the result never looked being any different despite Toulouse 's home advantage . Sweden international Zlatan Ibrahimovic doubled the advantage before halftime with his league leading 20th of the season . The home side 's Cheikh M'Bengue was sent off for a second yellow card just before the break and further strikes from Mamadou Sakhou and Gregory van der Weil put the three points beyond doubt for the table toppers . Blog : Top five signings of the transfer window ? PSG 's next league fixture sees them home to Bastia in a week 's time when Beckham could conceivably make his first appearance in their colors . If PSG eventually win the French title with the former England captain 's help it would mean he had won championships in four separate countries . He has achieved the feat with Manchester United in England , Real Madrid in Spain and LA Galaxy , where he spent five years , in the United States . His free agent move grabbed the headlines on the final day of the January transfer window , signing an initial five-month contract with PSG . Beckham , who has promised to donate his salary to local children 's charities , revealed he had offers from several other clubs , including some in the English Premier League . His arrival has been generally well received in France , but leading sports newspaper L'Equipe was wary of the real motives . "  With the signature of the ` Spice Boy ' David Beckham yesterday , PSG pulled off a sensational publicity stunt . The sporting interest of the move is less clear , " it said . But Le Monde trumpeted : "  The former captain of the England team has an extraordinary understanding of space and distribution in the game , a brilliant technique and excels in the art of the long cross . " In other European football action Friday , Roma saw their hopes of European qualification dented with a 4-2 home loss to Cagliari , while Werder Bremen beat Hannover 2-0 in a mid-table clash in Germany .	Paris Saint Germain win 4-0 at Toulouse in French Ligue 1 New signing David Beckham not in squad for away trip Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores third for league leaders Cagliari win at AS Roma in Serie A
Washington  CNN  -- A California slaughterhouse closed after an animal rights group released a video of workers there apparently mistreating animals has been allowed to reopen , U.S. regulators said on Monday . The Agriculture Department said that inspections at Central Valley Meat Co of Hanford continue but the plant has made changes and can resume operations . "  As of this morning , CVM will be allowed to resume processing , " Aaron Lavalle , a spokesman for the agency 's Food Safety and Inspection Service , said in a statement . Lavalle said regulators had concluded an evaluation of an "  extensive corrective action plan " formulated to address "  recent humane handling violations . " Jane Velez-Mitchell : Slaughterhouse video shows USDA needs to clean up its act The slaughterhouse was closed on August 19 after an activist working with the group Compassion Over Killing recorded a video purportedly of cattle at the company being repeatedly shot with a bolt gun . Other cattle are seen being prodded to force them to stand up and some are seen hanging from a hind leg while apparently alive . The Agriculture Department told CNN in a statement last week that some of the footage showed "  unacceptable treatment of cattle , " but did not show "  anything that would compromise food safety . " Lavalle said on Monday that the company has "  committed to a number of corrective actions , including additional humane handling training for employees and safeguards to ensure that only ambulatory animals are processed . " Central Valley Meats has been a major supplier for Agriculture Department programs , providing 21 million pounds of beef in 2011 , or nearly 16 percent of the supply . Meat purchased by the agency goes to several programs , including school lunches . The Agriculture Department said its purchases from the company remain suspended until more reviews are completed . Three California congressmen , Devin Nunes , Jeff Denham and Kevin McCarthy , called on Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to reopen the plant . They said its closure would cause "  enormous economic stress in a community with double-digit unemployment . "	The U.S. Agriculture Department said Central Valley Meat Co. in Califoirnia can resume processing Animal rights video showed unacceptable treatment of cattle but no food safety violations - USDA Company has agreed to corrective steps , including additional training on humane treatment of animals
CNN  -- Astronaut Scott Carpenter , the second American to orbit Earth , died Thursday , NASA said . He was 88 . "  We have lost a true pioneer . I shall long remember him not only for his smarts and courage but his incredible humor . He kept us all grounded , " said NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden . "  We will miss him greatly . " Carpenter was one of the original Mercury 7 astronauts chosen by NASA , which said he died from complications after a stroke . He was a backup pilot for John Glenn ahead of America 's first manned orbital space flight in February 1962 . Carpenter flew the second American manned orbital flight in May of that year . Flight time was four hours and 54 minutes , according to a NASA biography . Carpenter 's spacecraft overshot its landing target by some 250 nautical miles , giving rise to fears about his fate . With Carpenter 's death , Glenn is the lone survivor of the Mercury 7 , which included Carpenter , Glenn , L. Gordon Cooper , Virgil "  Gus " Grissom , Walter Schirra , Alan Shepard and Donald "  Deke " Slayton . Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin was the first person to orbit Earth in April 1961 . ` Pioneer ' of inner and outer space Carpenter was born in Boulder , Colorado , and attended the University of Colorado , where he studied aeronautical engineering . He retired from the Navy in 1969 , after some two decades of service . Post-NASA , Carpenter explored underwater environments as an aquanaut in the Navy 's Man in the Sea Project -- at one point living and working on the ocean floor for 30 days straight . He later served as director of the Navy 's aquanaut operations . "  I still ca n't make up my mind whether I like outer or inner space better , " Carpenter said last year -- adding with a smile , "  But there 's a difference in glory . " Carpenter 's memoir , "  For Spacious Skies : The Uncommon Journey of a Mercury Astronaut , " was published in 2003 . He also wrote two novels . "  He was one of the good guys and a good friend , a pioneer who made significant contributions to our country , " said Dick Gordon , command module pilot for Apollo 12 . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	Carpenter suffered complications after a stroke John Glenn is the lone survivor of the Mercury Seven "  We have lost a true pioneer , " says NASA administrator Carpenter was the second American to orbit Earth
CNN  Mr. Grey will see you now . Just not in Kenya . The erotic movie "  Fifty Shades of Grey " is out in theaters Friday . But the East African nation will not be showing it , citing "  prolonged and explicit sexual scenes depicting women as sexual slaves . " Under the ban , anyone who distributes or shows it in Kenya is liable to a fine , imprisonment or both . "  Fifty Shades " is based on a book by E. L. James . It tells the steamy story of young , attractive billionaire Christian Grey and Anastasia Steele , the young woman he sexually dominates . Jamie Dornan , star of the crime drama "  The Fall , " and Dakota Johnson play the lead characters . The board that regulates movie content in Kenya warned theaters not to show the much-anticipated film . "  The Kenya Film Classification Board wishes to inform the public , film operators and stakeholders that the film has been restricted , " it said in a statement this week . "  It should not be screened or distributed to the public . " Last year , the board banned "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " saying it has "  extreme nudity , sex , alcohol and drugs . "	Kenyan movie regulator cites "  prolonged and explicit sexual scenes " Under the ban , anyone who distributes or shows the movie is liable to prosecution
Djerba , Tunisia  CNN  -- U.S. military planes headed for Cairo took off from Tunisia Saturday , evacuating Egyptians fleeing the Libyan conflict , a deadly war spurring a massive refugee flight . Two Marine planes left the airport in the Tunisian island of Djerba with a total of 132 Egyptians on board , the U.S. State Department said . Two additional Air Force C-130s are en route to Djerba and will take another group of Egyptians home . All four U.S. planes are expected to arrive in Cairo by Saturday night , U.S. officials said . Two Italian military cargo planes landed at the Djerba airport delivering humanitarian aid . There are at least 10 other evacuation flights scheduled for Saturday -- six British , three Spanish and one Italian -- said Firas Kayal , a spokesman for the United Nations refugee agency . Nine of the flights are to evacuate Egyptians and the other is for Malians . There are a few thousand Egyptians left in Tunisia awaiting evacuation after more than 40,000 were taken home . Kayal said there are also three ships preparing to evacuate people . The violence in Libya has generated an exodus out of the North African nation . Almost 200,000 people , a majority of them foreign workers , have fled Libya -- nearly 100,000 to Tunisia and a similar number to Egypt -- according to the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . The numbers of people entering Tunisia daily from Libya dropped to 1,800 Thursday and Friday and stood at 3,000 Saturday . Previously , they averaged 10,000 to 15,000 people . Hovig Etyemezian , a field officer for the U.N. refugee agency , attributed the drop in part to fear and the manipulation of the flow of refugees by Libyan authorities . "  A lot of them were scared from leaving because of the fighting so they were staying in their houses , " he said Saturday . "  We fear the regime might be blocking refugees from the border . " A Sudanese man who crossed into Tunisia said Libyans had been confiscating phones and SIM cards of people fleeing . He said people are afraid to make the journey because of the fighting and the cost for bus or taxi transport to the border has spiked . However , he said , Libyans are not stopping traffic toward border . Raoul Gernali , a Filipino engineer who had been working on a Libyan water project , said Libyan soldiers at the Tunisian border stole his laptop , money and mobile phone . Because of complications with his group 's flight home , he and his Filipino colleagues have had to spend three days at the airport . Many countries , such as India and China , put in place well-organized evacuation operations for their citizens . But others , including Egyptians and Bangladeshis , have been left to fend for themselves . The U.S. State Department said Saturday it would donate $ 3 million to the International Organization for Migration  IOM  as part of a joint U.S.-IOM partnership to help get home thousands of Egyptians and other nationals from Africa , South Asia and Southeast Asia . Kayal said more than 10,000 Bangladeshis are awaiting transport in Tunisia . Many Bangladeshis have had to walk to the border because their money was stolen by soldiers and they could not pay for transportation costs . One man suffered a heart attack and died , aid officials confirmed .	NEW : Two planes headed for Cairo take off from Djerba , Tunisia NEW : A total of 132 Egyptians are on board Italian cargo planes deliver humanitarian aid Many people are afraid to flee because of the fighting
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A man identified as an Iraqi journalist threw shoes at -- but missed -- President Bush during a news conference Sunday evening in Baghdad , where Bush was making a farewell visit . President Bush , left , ducks a thrown shoe as Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki tries to protect him Sunday . Bush ducked , and the shoes , flung one at a time , sailed past his head during the news conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in his palace in the heavily fortified Green Zone . The shoe-thrower -- identified as Muntadhar al-Zaidi , an Iraqi journalist with Egypt-based al-Baghdadia television network -- could be heard yelling in Arabic : "  This is a farewell ... you dog ! " While pinned on the ground by security personnel , he screamed : "  You killed the Iraqis ! " Al-Zaidi was dragged away . While al-Zaidi was still screaming in another room , Bush said : "  That was a size 10 shoe he threw at me , you may want to know . " Watch Bush duck the shoes " Hurling shoes at someone , or sitting so that the bottom of a shoe faces another person , is considered an insult among Muslims . Al-Baghdadia issued a statement Sunday demanding al-Zaidi 's release . Al-Zaidi remained in custody Monday while the Iraqi judiciary decides whether he will face charges of assaulting al-Maliki , a government official said . The official said al-Zaidi is being tested for alcohol and drugs to determine if he was fully conscious during the incident . Al-Zaidi drew international attention in November 2007 when he was kidnapped while on his way to work in central Baghdad . He was released three days later . Bush had been lauding the conclusion of a security pact with Iraq as journalists looked on . "  So what if the guy threw his shoe at me ? " Bush told a reporter in response to a question about the incident . "  Let me talk about the guy throwing his shoe . It 's one way to gain attention . It 's like going to a political rally and having people yell at you . It 's like driving down the street and having people not gesturing with all five fingers . ... "  These journalists here were very apologetic . They ... said this does n't represent the Iraqi people , but that 's what happens in free societies where people try to draw attention to themselves . " Bush then directed his comments to the security pact , which he and al-Maliki were preparing to sign , hailing it as "  a major achievement " but cautioning that "  there is more work to be done . " "  All this basically says is we made good progress , and we will continue to work together to achieve peace , " Bush said . Bush 's trip was to celebrate the conclusion of the security pact , called the Strategic Framework Agreement and the Status of Forces Agreement , the White House said . The pact will replace a U.N. mandate for the U.S. presence in Iraq that expires at the end of this year . The agreement , reached after months of negotiations , sets June 30 , 2009 , as the deadline for U.S. combat troops to withdraw from all Iraqi cities and towns . The date for all U.S. troops to leave Iraq is December 31 , 2011 . Bush called the passage of the pact "  a way forward to help the Iraqi people realize the blessings of a free society . " Bush said the work "  has n't been easy , but it has been necessary for American security , Iraqi hope and world peace . " Bush landed at Baghdad International Airport on Sunday and traveled by helicopter to meet with President Jalal Talabani and his two vice presidents at Talabani 's palace outside the Green Zone . It marked the first time he has been outside the heavily fortified Green Zone in Baghdad without being on a military base . The visit was Bush 's fourth since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in March 2003 . Afterward , Talabani praised his U.S. counterpart as a "  great friend for the Iraqi people " and the man "  who helped us to liberate our country and to reach this day , which we have democracy , human rights , and prosperity gradually in our country . " Talabani said he and Bush , who is slated to leave office next month , had spoken "  very frankly and friendly " and expressed the hope that the two would remain friends even "  back in Texas . " For his part , Bush said he had come to admire Talabani and his vice presidents "  for their courage and for their determination to succeed . " As the U.S. and Iraqi national anthems played and Iraqi troops looked on , he and the Iraqi president walked along a red carpet . Watch President Bush and Iraq 's president walk the red carpet " Bush left Iraq on Sunday night and arrived Monday morning in Afghanistan , where he will met with President Hamid Karzai and speak with U.S. troops . In remarks to reporters , National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley , who traveled with Bush , described the situation in Iraq as "  in a transition . " "  For the first time in Iraq 's history and really the first time in the region , you have Sunni , Shia and Kurds working together in a democratic framework to chart a way forward for their country , " he said . On Monday , new violence in Iraq showed that work remains to be done . A suicide car bomb attack killed at least three people and wounded 31 others west of Baghdad on Monday , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . The noontime bombing targeted civilians on a road between Khan Dhari and Abu Ghraib , according to the official . Also , the U.S. military said three militants were killed and 13 others were detained in operations targeting al Qaeda in Iraq on Sunday and Monday . The incidents took place in Baiji , Tall Sumayyir , Tikrit , near the towns of Abu Ghraib , Mahmoudiya and Kirkuk . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Octavia Nasr contributed to this report .	Shoe-thrower identified as journalist with al-Baghdadia television network Man yelled in Arabic : "  This is a farewell ... you dog ! " Man is dragged away ; President Bush makes light of incident Bush arrives in Afghanistan Monday morning for meeting with Hamid Karzai
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A bloody war between Mexican drug cartels is no longer solely a south-of-the-border problem , members of Congress said Tuesday at a hearing on the issue . A member of the Mexican Federal Police patrols in Ciudad Juarez during a recent operation to fight drugs . The violence accompanying those battles has crept into the United States , and is believed to be largely fueled by money and guns from America , said Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois . "  The drugs are coming north , and we 're sending money and guns south , " said Durbin , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs . "  As a result , these cartels have gained extraordinary power . " About 90 percent of guns seized in Mexican raids are traced back to the United States , according to the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , he said . About 2,000 firearms cross the border into Mexico daily , according to the Brookings Institution , he added . The subcommittee held a joint hearing Tuesday on the issue with the Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control . The hearing focused on ways the United States can assist Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's efforts to combat drugs and violence . In addition , American communities are seeing an increase in violent crimes related to the Mexican drug trade . In Phoenix , Arizona , in 2008 , 366 kidnappings for ransom were reported -- more than in any other U.S. city , Durbin said , citing federal statistics . The vast majority of those , he said , were related to Mexican drug cartels . "  We 're not winning the battle , " Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard told lawmakers . "  The violence that we see in Mexico is fueled 65 to 70 percent by the trade in one drug : marijuana . " Goddard said he believes the United States can do more to remove the profit from such operations , as well as attempt to reduce the demand for the drugs . It 's not only border states that are affected , either . Authorities believe cartels reached 230 American cities , up from 50 in 2006 , Durbin said . In his home state of Illinois , far from the Mexican border , he said , cartels are believed operate in three cities : Chicago , East St. Louis and Joliet . Lawmakers and witnesses at the hearing universally applauded Calderon 's efforts to deal with drug violence through actions such as sending troops into Ciudad Juarez . "  I think he needs every single bit of our support , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . However , the violence has skyrocketed , Goddard said , with a new and appalling trend : assassinations of police officers , prosecutors and other officials who are combating cartels . Perhaps even more horrifying , as the violence increases , so does the possibility that innocent citizens will be caught in it , he said . In at least one instance in Phoenix , criminals making a home invasion had the wrong house , he said . "  The casual fallout is going to be significant if we ca n't do something to try to assist Mexico in stopping it south of the border , " Goddard said . Efforts by Arizona authorities to fight the violence include intercepting wire transfer payments to smugglers of drugs and of human beings , Goddard said . Between 2003 and 2007 , he said , Arizona seized about $ 17 million in such transfers . However , a more comprehensive and regional effort is needed , he said , as the cartels , faced with increasing law enforcement surveillance in one area , will simply take their crimes elsewhere . And authorities must target the masterminds and leaders behind the violence , he said : "  Just arresting and deporting foot soldiers is a waste of critical assets . " Also Tuesday , a federal firearms official told the subcommittee there has been a "  troubling increase " in the number of hand-grenades seized from Mexican drug traffickers recently , and that officials are concerned violence involving explosives could spill into U.S. border towns . "  In the past six months , we have noted a troubling increase in the number of grenades seized from , or used by , drug traffickers , " William Hoover of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives told the Senate subcommittee . "  We are concerned about the possibility of explosives-related violence impacting our U.S. border towns , " he said . Hoover did not give statistics about the number of hand-grenades seized by ATF , nor were statistics immediately available from the agency . Another federal law enforcement official told the subcommittee he does n't expect Mexican cartels to intentionally target U.S. officials and interests "  in the near term . " Anthony Placido of the Drug Enforcement Administration said the DEA does not believe "  that in the near term the cartels will deliberately target U.S. government personnel or interests or intentionally target U.S. civilians in the United States . " But , he added , "  defining spillover is a tricky business . " CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve , Mike M. Ahlers and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Senate subcommittee , caucus focus on ways to help Mexican leader 's battle Mexican drug violence , fueled by U.S. guns , cash , is creeping north , senator says Most guns seized in raids traced to U.S. ; 2,000 cross into Mexico daily , he says Authorities believe cartels have reached into 230 American cities , up from 50 in 2006
Washington  CNN  -- If all goes according to plan for President Barack Obama , his two-term presidency may end up being a case of "  second verse , same as the first . " He won re-election last year by touting a first-term recovery from economic recession , as well as a major domestic achievement in health care reform and a major foreign policy triumph in taking out Osama bin Laden . Now five months into his second term , the priorities and potentially achievable outcomes appear to be a similar trifecta . Obama is pushing hard domestically for an overhaul of the immigration system that would be similar to the health care reform bill in its scope and appeal to the Democratic base . He also is increasing U.S. aid , including military assistance , to Syrian rebels trying to oust President Bashar al-Assad , an ally of Iran and Lebanon . Meanwhile , the economy continues to grow slowly but consistently , with the Federal Reserve signaling last week that it intended to end stimulus policies adopted in response to the recession inherited by Obama when he became president in 2009 . The president has other objectives , including executive actions to reduce carbon emissions he plans to announce Tuesday as part of a second-term push on climate change . A major push of his first term included a sharp reduction over time in auto emissions . His critics , especially conservative Republicans , will continue opposing his priorities and attacking his administration for what they call overreach and excesses that they say demonstrate the perils of a big government philosophy . In a statement on Monday , the Republican National Committee listed controversies from the Obama presidency -- the government-aided Solyndra solar panel firm that went bankrupt ; the Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status ; and wasteful spending by the IRS and the General Services Administration -- as examples of big government gone wild . "  Obama may not like the big vs. small government debate , but his scandals are tied to a government that keeps growing , " the RNC statement said . Dominating the Washington agenda this week is the immigration reform bill drafted by a bipartisan group of senators in an attempt to resolve a bitter debate over 11 million people living illegally in the country . The proposal offers a pathway to eventual citizenship for undocumented immigrants while strengthening border , visa and employment controls in an attempt to bridge what for years has been a political chasm . However , divisions among congressional Republicans remain the biggest threat to passage of the measure . Conservatives oppose offering legal status to those living illegally in the country , calling such a move an amnesty for lawbreakers . They want tougher border security measures , and continually criticize the bipartisan Senate proposal as similar to what they call the too-broad and misguided health care reform law passed by Democrats with no GOP support in 2010 . However , moderate Republicans want to avoid another electoral drubbing by Hispanic voters as occurred last year , when Obama won a huge majority of the nation 's largest minority demographic in defeating GOP nominee Mitt Romney . They consider the bipartisan Senate proposal as their best chance to finally move past their party 's anti-immigrant stigma , while conservatives call such a move a trap for Republicans because they believe most of the newly legal voters under the law would be Democrats . U.S. Census figures show the growing political voice of minorities in the United States , particularly Hispanics -- the largest minority demographic at roughly 17 % of the population . Almost half of the country 's children under age five are minorities , portending a near future in which non-whites outnumber whites . Already , five states have a larger percentage of minorities than white residents . While the Democratic-majority Senate is expected to pass the bipartisan immigration measure with support from a dozen or so Republicans , the GOP-led House remains much more hostile to a broad immigration bill . Opponents in the House want to slow the momentum built by a bipartisan compromise in the Senate announced last week that appeared to ensure support from a solid majority of senators . House conservatives call for breaking up the legislation into smaller pieces , rather than voting on a comprehensive proposal that includes both the border protection measures they want and the "  legal status " provisions they oppose . "  If you look through history , we do n't do big things very well in Washington , so I think it 's better to break it apart , do smaller pieces , have a heavy debate about it , " GOP Rep. Mike Kelly of Pennsylvania told ABC on Sunday . Referring to the health care reform bill still despised by Republicans three years after becoming law , Kelly said "  any time you rush anything through that big -- this was up to 1,100 pages -- I doubt that anybody 's really read it and been able to really get through piece of it . " House Speaker John Boehner said last week he would refuse to introduce an immigration bill unless it had support from a majority of Republicans . However , it appeared that the only way the bipartisan Senate plan could pass the House would be if it received strong support from Democrats bolstered by backing from a minority of Republicans . Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York , a member of the bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " that drafted the immigration plan , warned that any attempt by House Republicans to stall or block the issue would bring a strong public backlash . "  We have all kinds of allies who are usually conservative pushing for this bill -- the business community , the high-tech community , the evangelical community , the Catholic bishops , the growers throughout the country , " Schumer told CNN on Sunday , adding : "  I think they 're going to have to act whether they have a majority of Republicans or not . "	President Barack Obama seeks a similar second-term record as his first Immigration reform would be like health care reform of three years ago Ending Bashar al-Assad 's rule in Syria would be this term 's Osama bin Laden triumph The economy continues its incremental recovery
You have to wonder how this one made it past so many people over at Hasbro . The company is offering to replace the extruder tool in its Play-Doh Cake Mountain playset after several complaints that the toy resembles a penis . "  We have heard some consumer feedback about the extruder tool in the Play-Doh Cake Mountain playset and are in the process of updating all future Play-Doh products with a different tool , " the company posted on its Play-Doh Facebook page . "  Should any consumer want a replacement extruder for this item , they can contact Hasbro 's Customer Service Department at 800-327-8264 . " The playset allows users to build and decorate a Play-Doh "  cake . " But some parents were upset over the phallic shape of the extruder tool used to administer the Play-Doh "  icing , " with complaints that it made for an uncomfortable Christmas morning for some . "  What was the concept of this , " one parent posted on the Facebook page . "  Why could n't this be in another form or shape ? " Another tweeted " . @PlayDoh nice job including a dildo shaped implement in cake mountain . Happy holidays ! " CNN affiliate KTUL in Tulsa , Oaklahoma , interviewed some parents about the toy . One said , "  It 's pretty phallic . That 's a pretty phallic-looking cake decorating piece . Not necessary , I do n't think . " Some posting on Play-Doh 's Facebook page have said it 's much ado about nothing . "  We received this for Christmas this year and I 'm sorry only a twisted mind will turn a play-doh toy into anything more then a play-doh toy , " one parent said . "  If your kids old enough to have ANY sort of ` question ' about the shape your kids to old to be playing with play-doh or to old to care what it looks like , seriously some parents create problems where there are none and it 's sad . "	Hasbro received complaints from parents about extruder The toy is part of a Play-Doh cake-making kit Some have said it 's no big deal
CNN  It has all the key points you 'd expect on a birth certificate -- baby 's weight , length and date of birth confirmed with an official insignia . The difference here is the governing authority 's stamp : The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . It 's one of many official documents relating to matters such as vaccination schedules , fishing methods and rent disputes in the areas now controlled by ISIS . For ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law , even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists or defies its medieval interpretation of that Islamic law . The ISIS documents , some shared with CNN by researcher Aymenn Al-Tamimi , give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate . Last summer , ISIS fighters swept through the Iraqi city of Mosul . Once they took power , leaders wanted to show they could bring stability allowing daily life to resume . So , they quickly reopened the University of Mosul , albeit under a radically altered curriculum . Notices went out that classes would resume on 24 Dhu al-Hijjah 1435 in the Islamic calendar  or October 18 , 2014 , in the Western calendar  , about four months after ISIS overran the city . But some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought , also hotel management and tourism and archaeology . Families flee ISIS in Iraq "  The banning of archaeology is not a surprise , " says Al-Tamimi , who is a Shillman-Ginsburg Fellow at the Middle East Forum at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya , in Israel . "  We see that reflected in ISIS destruction of ancient artifacts . ISIS regards pre-Islamic artifacts as relics from the ` period of ignorance ' , jahiliyah . Their main concern with archaeology is that it would become a subject turning to idol worship , which is strictly forbidden in Islam . "  Hotel management and tourism may seem strange as first . But there are no hotels under ISIS . They have all been taken over and shut down , either rented out or become places to house families . " Mosul University still has the same professors and teachers , Al-Tamimi says . "  But now teachers are subjected to Sharia sessions , to learn what is and what is not acceptable to ISIS . So , they have preserved the prior system but within ISIS Sharia law conditions . " The ISIS Health Department runs hospitals for anyone feeling ill , not just wounded fighters . It has maternity wards , health clinics , even a mobile vaccination unit . And while an ancient interpretation of religion remains at the heart of rules , there is more nuance than was seen in Afghanistan and areas still controlled by the Taliban . "  This is one thing that distinguishes ISIS from groups like the Taliban , which forbids vaccinations . Polio is a problem in Pakistan because the Taliban believes the vaccines are a forbidden substance . But ISIS is not that primitive , " says Al-Tamimi . "  This is also reflected in education : The Taliban , forbids all girls ' education . But ISIS allows girls to go to school , albeit in a segregated environment . " However , education for girls is limited to the age of 15 . Reporting from areas controlled by ISIS is near impossible but anecdotes of daily life and death do emerge . Al-Tamimi 's conclusions on ISIS 's governing principles and methods follow similar findings by the Quilliam Foundation , other researchers and social activists . How ISIS makes  and takes  money It is an Islamic principle to care for the environment , so that 's one reason that using explosives to catch fish is banned . And a quote from the Quran saying property owners should lessen the burden on renters to earn spiritual rewards is used at the start of a document outlining a policy on rent control . "  A general theme for ISIS is that they try , initially when they seize control , to portray themselves as more just , more fair to the inhabitants than the previous ruler , " explains Al-Tamimi . "  For example , in Syria , the first thing ISIS did was lower the price of bread . This is as much about winning over the population as it is about religious rulings . " At times , such as taking up the case of renters , the regime can seem almost benevolent , Al-Tamimi says . "  If someone does complain , especially in Syria , ISIS does actually try to deal with it , " he says . "  That 's why they 've been seen by many in Syria as imposing order , especially in areas where multiple parties , rebel factions and the Syrian government were previously in control . " ISIS control of its territory is absolute -- bus schedules show routes from Raqqa to Mosul and Qaim with no acknowledgment of the Syria-Iraq border , just the new provinces created by the group for its territory . Detained ISIS members speak from Iraqi jail And inside that territory , even entertainment is regulated . Foosball can be played , provided there is no gambling and the faces or heads are taken off the figurines to prevent idol worship . A fatwa on entertainment goes on to say that chess , billiards and other "  contemporary games " do not benefit Muslims but may be played if they do not distract from religious obligations . It reaches that conclusion from the Quran and other religious teachings . That 's also part of ISIS strategy , says Al-Tamimi . "  One of ISIS 's goals is to present this very religiously learned image , showcasing their knowledge of Islamic jurisprudence to justify to their following that they are the moral authority . It 's clear that ISIS and their religious clerics and scholars are extremely familiar with religious texts and use them to convince and persuade ISIS followers , which also makes them impervious to any religion-based counterargument . "	ISIS is known for brutal takeovers and medieval justice , but it sees itself as a state Official documents show just how far their rules affect daily life
For the first time , Britain has convicted someone of a terrorism offense related to the Syrian civil war . Mashudur Choudhury , 31 , was convicted of engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorist attacks , the Crown Prosecution Service said . A father of two , Choudhury traveled to Syria in October with the intention of joining a terrorist training camp , the UK 's Press Association reported . "  At times in his discussions with others the defendant described his intention to become a martyr , " prosecutor Alison Morgan told the jury during the two-week trial , the association reported . In one text message , his wife wrote him , "  Go die in battlefield . Go die , I really mean it just go . I 'll be relieved . At last . At last , " the Press Association said . Choudhury pleaded not guilty . He will be sentenced June 13 .	Britain convicts Mashudur Choudhury of a terrorism offense in Syria He was found guilty of conduct in preparation of terrorist attacks Choudhury pleaded not guilty He has not yet been sentenced
CNN  -- It 's hard to think about global warming when it 's so cold that you ca n't suck in the air without pain . I stepped out on my porch in Vermont this morning -- I live in an old farmhouse with a panoramic view of the Green Mountains -- and could hardly breathe . The thermometer had dipped well below zero . I heard on the local radio that it was 70 below zero on Mount Washington , in New Hampshire , taking into account the wind chill . But I 'm used to cold weather , having spent most of my adult life , almost four decades , in New Hampshire and Vermont . In fact , I remember the cold snaps of old , back in the 70s and early 80s , when for weeks on end the temperature would hover around zero , maybe creeping up to 10 or 15 at noon , when the sun looked like a pale and cheerless disc in the sky . There was a strange exhilaration in those sub-zero weeks : the sense of a vacuum , a silence that amounted to noise . You could n't inhale , as it made your lungs ache . Your nose-hairs froze and breathing was difficult . Your glasses steamed up when you stepped into any building . It was important to dress in the most thoughtful ways , with layer upon layer of clothes , including a good set of silk underwear . Earmuffs were essential , as well as big fur hats , thick gloves , insulated boots and wool socks , the works . I have a photo that I love of the old poet , Robert Frost , in a winter hat with long earflaps , in heavy boots , a stick in hand . He is walking through a snowy field not far from where I live . He often wrote poems about being alone in the woods or fields in deep snow . I think , for instance , of "  Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening " or the ferocious "  Goodbye , and Keep Cold , " where he says : "  Dread fifty above more than fifty below . " He 's speaking to a stand of trees that seem not to mind the arctic weather , these resilient "  Maples and birches and tamarack . " I 'm afraid that human beings rarely like it when it gets so cold . Only a week ago , I paid a fleeting visit to Key West , Florida , where it was almost 90 under the palm trees . Coming back to Vermont late one night , only a few days ago , I stepped from the airplane into the dark , icy weather , and I wondered how I could stand it . When I got to my car , the thermometer on my dashboard told me it was 10 below zero . And the wind howled as I drove through the dark snowy mountains to my house . Was I crazy to live in such a climate ? This morning I met a friend , an elderly Vermonter , in a cafe . He said to me , "  I do n't know about you , but I feel comforted by this cold snap . It reminds me of the old days , before global warming . I feel as if the world is n't completely out of whack . " I doubt the world is n't out of whack when , on Wednesday , it was colder in New York City than it was in part of Antarctica . This is imbalance on a global scale , and it does n't provide much comfort to move through a brief cold snap . We know that vast shelves of ice are melting at the poles . We know that this past year was the hottest on record . Only those with their heads buried deep in the sand can believe that climate change is not upon us and that fossil fuels are not changing this planet in ways that will make life difficult for our children and their children . Something has to be done , and quickly , or we 'll be passing along to our heirs a ghastly wreck of a planet . We will have proved dreadful and selfish stewards of this precious earth . I do n't expect the cold to last , not like in the old days . Yet while it does , for a brief while , I plan to enjoy it . I 'm going to bundle up tight today -- silk underwear , hat , gloves , and insulated boots -- and go for a walk in the woods , just to savor the depth of silence , the sense of a world brought to a point of absolute and unimaginable stillness . Like Frost , I will say to my Vermont neighbors with a wry smile : "  Goodbye , and Keep Cold . " I know they will smile back . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	A severe cold front swept across the East Coast and the Midwest this week Jay Parini : It 's hard to think about global warming when it 's so cold He says he 's used to very cold weather and enjoys it despite the discomfort Parini : Only those with their heads buried in the sand do n't believe in climate change
CNN  -- The answer to J. C. Penney 's endless woes is right in front of its corporate eyes . The answer is wearing a plain white T-shirt . And the answer has a name : James Dean . Penney 's -- the century-old chain of midmarket department stores that were once a solid downtown presence in big cities and small towns in every state -- is floundering . It seems to be in utter turmoil , and has been for a while . Some members of its board of directors have been at each other 's throats ; one of those directors , William Ackman , resigned last week after publicly upbraiding the others . The CEO 's office might as well have a revolving door . Last fiscal year , according to The Wall Street Journal , Penney 's lost $ 1 billion as sales dropped 25 % . After a previous CEO was fired , the company took out advertisements apologizing to its customers for what the shopping experience had become . The in-store staff was reported to be demoralized and confused as the once steadfast and prosperous chain struggled to figure out what it even is . What Penney 's needs right now , more than anything else , is some defining . Enter James Dean . He died in an automobile crash in 1955 at the age of 24 . He had made just three movies : "  Rebel Without a Cause , " "  East of Eden " and "  Giant . " But his mystique and glamour have only become bigger over the decades . James Dean , now and forever , is the very picture of youthful cool . He never grew old -- so he never grows old . What does this have to do with J. C. Penney ? For years after Dean 's death , there were young men all over the United States who went to Penney 's for one reason : They believed -- the rumor was widespread -- that the T-shirt for which Dean was known was a Penney Towncraft T-shirt . Plain . White . No logo . No words on it . No special tailoring . It was what James Dean -- born in Marion , Indiana , smack dab in the middle of J. C. Penney country -- favored . Or , at any rate , that was the legend -- what today might be called an urban legend . It was passed from one guy to another , without anyone being quite sure where he 'd first heard it . Back then -- I can vouch for this -- young men fervently believed it , and it brought them to Penney 's . Penney 's , at least in their minds , was James Dean Land . Their conviction about Dean and the Penney Towncraft T-shirt was like the unshakable conviction among young Americans in the early 1960s that the lyrics to "  Louie Louie " were dirty . Because of the pervasiveness of the belief , it became accepted reality . To quote from "  The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance " -- which starred another beloved James , James Stewart -- "  When the legend becomes fact , print the legend . " Penney 's should aggressively embrace this . It should print the legend . It should pay whatever it takes to the estate of James Dean to purchase the rights to an image of him in a classic white T-shirt . And he should become the face of the chain . What has it got to lose ? Nothing else is working . It has struggled with various strategies to lure shoppers , especially young shoppers . It all has failed . But James Dean is everlastingly young , perpetually rebellious . "  Live fast , die young , and leave a beautiful corpse " is a phrase often associated with him , although he did not originate it . If Penney 's were to make Dean the consistent image of the company , the stores themselves might find a fresh chance at life in the victory lane . Let Walmart and Kmart and Target and Sears and Macy 's and Sam 's Club and all the faceless stores in all the faceless malls be just that : faceless . Penney 's needs to separate itself from the pack . James Dean , and that T-shirt , are the antithesis of , even the antidote to , so much of what ails contemporary culture . Frantic self-promotion and garish logos and slogans plastered on every surface and the "  look-at-me " attitude of modern life -- what is a more stark rejection of that than a plain white T-shirt ? If you can get customers into your store to buy one thing , they just may stay to buy other things . The trick is getting those customers to come back through the front door . James Dean did it once for Penney 's , without even trying . The chain ought to roll the dice and see if he can do it again . As it is , the recent face of Penney 's has been the face of its feuding board of directors , bickering with each other as if they are auditioning for a movie called "  Rebels Without a Clue . " As James Dean once cried out from a movie screen : "  You 're tearing me apart ! " That has to come to an end . The stores deserve to survive and thrive , to be the reliable part of American life that they were when they were steady on their feet . Right now , J. C. Penney 's problem is that no one really knows what it stands for . Let it decide it wants to stand for that which is eternal and cool . And let it turn for help to He Who Is Eternally Cool . Would it be a risk for Penney 's ? Would it be taking a big chance ? Sure . But , as Dean himself once reportedly said : "  Dream as if you 'll live forever . Live as if you 'll die today . " That goes for businesses , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : J. C. Penney is in trouble ; could James Dean be the answer ? He says urban legend was that Dean wore Penney 's plain , white Towncraft T-shirt He says Penney should use that ; adopt Dean as face of its brand , win back customers Greene : Penney 's , a stalwart of American retail , could break from pack with Dean 's help
If the crowds under Paris ' Eiffel Tower get you down , try Shenzhen in China . It may not have the history of the French construction , but at least the coffee will be cheaper . Or you could head to Berlin . Or to Las Vegas . Or several other locales with their own "  Eiffel Towers . " The replication of tourist attractions has been gaining traction in recent years . Most recently , a Spanish company has been employed to replicate Egypt 's ancient pharaonic tombs . Opening to the public later this month about half a mile from the original tomb in Luxor 's Valley of the Kings , the replica will be located outside the house of Howard Carter , the expedition leader who disinterred the pharaoh almost a century ago . The reconstruction is a response to the threat posed by the hundreds of thousands of tourists traipsing through the real relic every year . Changes in temperature and humidity caused by their presence in the burial chamber have caused the striking plaster-painted murals on the walls to begin crumbling away . Tut 's new tomb The solution was for the Madrid-based company Factum Arte to create replicas of King Tut 's and the other pharaonic tombs , including Seti I and Nefertari , as a philanthropic exercise granted permission by Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities in 2009 . The firm used minutely detailed , hi-tech techniques honed on reproductions over the past decade , including copies of the pharaoh Thutmose III 's tomb in 2003 and , more recently , of Leonardo 's painting "  The Last Supper " and Caravaggio 's "  Inspiration of St. Matthew . " The replication of King Tut 's and the other royal tombs represents the company 's most ambitious project to date , as well as being the most detailed large-scale facsimile project ever undertaken , Factum Arte says . More : World 's most beautiful bank buildings Special 3D scanning systems were developed for the job , allowing the burial chamber to be measured at 100 million points every square meter . The resulting 3D relief of the tomb was then reproduced on casts that were finished by hand . "  Is it exactly the same as viewing the real tomb ? No . But what you can do is exceedingly high , " Adam Lowe , Factum Arte 's director , told CNN . "  You can ` rematerialize ' the quality of the original at a normal viewing distance , so the experience is visually identical to standing in the tomb . "  It 's not an exercise in faking but -LSB- partly about -RSB- revealing the condition of the original to allow it to be monitored . " It 's estimated that 500,000 visitors a year will visit the replica relics , the resulting funds going in part towards preserving Egypt 's real heritage sites . Cool copy cats Copying an ancient monument has an obvious appeal . You get to keep the original version , as well as all the tourists -- and their revenue -- threatening to destroy it . That same motivation lay behind making giant copies of the Altamira and Lascaux Caves in Spain and France , respectively , when exposure to the elements , and awestruck visitors ' breath , threatened to turn the vast galleries of prehistoric paintings they contain into mold . The motive for replicating other tourist attractions around the world , however , seems less concerned with their heritage value . If you think the Eiffel Tower is intimately associated with Paris , for example , you may be surprised to find more or less life-size versions of it in Las Vegas , Berlin , India , China  two , actually -- in Hangzhou and Shenzhen  and Fez , Morocco . More : 14 great literary hotels The Taj Mahal , one of India 's great tourist sights , is no longer one of just India 's great tourist sights . A full-sized replica of the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan 's monument to his beloved third wife has sat outside the Bangladeshi capital , Dhaka , since 2008 . India has taken revenge , of a sort -- it 's planning an Angkor Wat for the banks of the Ganges . Michelangelo 's "  Davids " When it comes to art , anatomically accurate copies of Michelangelo 's "  David " expose themselves everywhere from the Philippines to the U.S. state of Kentucky and Montevideo , Uruguay . In China , the Xerox of replicating countries , you can even take home your own fairly convincing Mona Lisa or Van Gogh from the Dafen oil painting village , a neighborhood of Shenzhen famed for its fakes . China , moreover , has recreated entire foreign locales with tourist appeal , such as London Thames Town , in Shanghai , and Hallstatt , an "  Austrian " mountain village in that famous yodeling province of Guangdong . What , you can only ask , is next -- a Chinese Belgium or New Zealand ? And would anybody go ? Facsimile tourism -- as good as the real thing ? Let us know in the comments .	Minutely detailed replica of Egyptian boy king 's burial chamber opens to public in Egypt this month Hi-tech reproduction technique involved scanning 100 million points per square meter Monument-copying business seems to be going strong but some copies -- multiple Michelangelos and Eiffel Towers -- are less convincing
Pope Francis has decided not to move into the papal apartment used by Benedict XVI and others before him , preferring instead to stay in a simple suite at a Vatican hotel , a Vatican spokesman said . The papal apartment on the top floor of the Apostolic Palace is ready for the new pontiff to move into , the Rev. Federico Lombardi told CNN on Tuesday . However , he has decided to stay at the Casa Santa Marta , the residence where he 's been staying since the papal election two weeks ago , for the time being , Lombardi said . He 's given no date for when he might move out of the two-room suite , Lombardi added . His presence at Casa Santa Marta , the residence near St. Peter 's Basilica where all the cardinals stayed during the conclave , means Francis will continue to meet his fellow priests for Mass and other communal activities . New pope , old pope meet for lunch Although he 's not moved in to the apartment , Francis is using the Apostolic Palace , including offices in his papal apartments , to carry out his papal duties , such as holding meetings and audiences , Lombardi said . Francis , the first Jesuit to assume the papacy , has become widely known for his embrace of simplicity and humility since he became pope . He 's spoken of his desire to see the Roman Catholic Church be a "  poor church , for the poor , " and his sermons have focused on the need to look after the needy and sick , as well as the natural world . Break with tradition The pope 's decision to remain in Casa Santa Marta , at least for now , is in keeping with his track record . While serving as archbishop in Buenos Aires , he declined to live in the archbishop 's palace , choosing instead to live in a simple apartment . He also passed on a chauffeured limousine , preferring to take the bus with ordinary people , and he cooked his own meals . He 's also bringing this approach to the events of Holy Week , leading up to Easter . Behind closed doors , pope supported civil unions in Argentina On Thursday , Francis will break with tradition by celebrating the Mass of the Lord 's Supper , which includes the gesture of the washing of feet , at the Casal del Marmo youth detention center , the Vatican said last week . The service has in past years been held at the grand Basilica of St. John Lateran , the official seat of the bishop of Rome . "  In his ministry as Archbishop of Buenos Aires , Cardinal Bergoglio used to celebrate the Mass in a prison or hospital or hospice for the poor and marginalized , " the Vatican said in a statement , using the name Francis used before he became pope . "  With this celebration at Casal del Marmo , Pope Francis will continue his custom , which is characterized by its humble context . " 5 things to know about the new pope	Pope Francis has declined to move into the palatial papal apartment He 's happy to stay for now in a suite at the Vatican hotel , says a Vatican spokesman The new pope has adopted a more simple , personal style than his predecessors
CNN  -- Fannie Mae said it will set aside the loan of a woman who shot herself as sheriff 's deputies tried to evict her from her foreclosed home . Fannie Mae foreclosed on the Akron , Ohio , home of Addie Polk , 90 , after acquiring the mortgage in 2007 . Addie Polk , 90 , of Akron , Ohio , became a symbol of the nation 's home mortgage crisis when she was hospitalized after shooting herself at least twice in the upper body Wednesday afternoon . On Friday , Fannie Mae spokesman Brian Faith said the mortgage association had decided to halt action against Polk and sign the property "  outright " to her . "  We 're going to forgive whatever outstanding balance she had on the loan and give her the house , " Faith said . "  Given the circumstances , we think it 's appropriate . " Residents of Akron have rallied behind Polk , who is being treated at Akron General Medical Center . She was listed in critical condition Friday afternoon , according to Akron City Council President Marco Sommerville . U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , mentioned Polk on the House floor Friday during debate over the latest economic rescue proposal . "  This bill does nothing for the Addie Polks of the world , " Kucinich said after telling her story . "  This bill fails to address the fact that millions of homeowners are facing foreclosure , are facing the loss of their home . This bill will take care of Wall Street , and the market may go up for a few days , but democracy is going downhill . " Neighbor Robert Dillon , 62 , used a ladder to enter a second-story bathroom window of Polk 's home after he and the deputies heard loud noises inside , Dillon said . "  I was calling her name as I went in , and she was n't responding , " he said . He found her lying on a bed , and he could see she was breathing . He also noticed a long-barreled handgun on the bed , but thought she just had it there for protection . He touched her on the shoulder . "  Then she kind of moved toward me a little and I saw that blood , and I said , ` Oh , no . Miss Polk musta done shot herself , ' " Dillon said . He hurried downstairs and let the deputies in . He said they told him they found Polk 's car keys , pocketbook and life insurance policy laid out neatly where they could be found , suggesting that she intended to kill herself . "  There 's a lot of people like Miss Polk right now . That 's the sad thing about it , " said Sommerville , who had met Polk before and rushed to the scene when contacted by police . "  They might not be as old as her , some could be as old as her . This is just a major problem . " Watch Polk 's neighbor describe what he saw " In 2004 , Polk took out a 30-year , 6.375 percent mortgage for $ 45,620 with a Countrywide Home Loan office in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio . The same day , she also took out an $ 11,380 line of credit . Over the next couple of years , Polk missed payments on the 101-year-old home that she and her late husband purchased in 1970 . In 2007 , Fannie Mae assumed the mortgage and later filed for foreclosure . Deputies had tried to serve Polk 's eviction notice more than 30 times before Wednesday 's incident , Sommerville said . She never came to the door , but the notes the deputies left would always disappear , so they knew she was inside and ambulatory , he said . The city is creating programs to help people keep their homes , Sommerville said . "  But what do you do when there 's just so many people out there and the economy is in the shape that it 's in ? " Many businesses and individuals have called since Wednesday offering to help Polk , Sommerville said . "  We 're going to do an evaluation to see what 's best for her , " he said . "  If she 's strong enough and can go home , I think we should work with her to where she goes back home . If not , we need to find another place for her to live where she wo n't have to worry about this ever again . " For his part , Dillon hopes his neighbor of 38 years can return to her home . "  She loves that house , " he said . "  I hope they can get her back in . That would make me feel better because I do n't know what they 're going to put in there once she leaves . " He said the neighborhood is declining because so many people have lost their homes . "  There 's a lot of vacant houses around here . ... Now I 'm going to have a house on my left and a house on my right , vacant , " he said . "  That do n't make me feel good , because we were good neighbors , we trusted each other , and we looked out for each other . "  This neighborhood is shot , to me , from what it used to be , " he added . "  When I moved here , if it were like it is now , I would have never moved here . But it was a nice neighborhood . ... "  I 'll just tough it out . I 'm too old to start thinking about buying another house . " Sommerville said that by the time people call for help with an impending foreclosure , it 's usually too late . "  I 'm glad it 's not too late for Miss Polk , because she could have taken her life , " Sommerville said . "  Miss Polk will probably end up on her feet . But I 'm not sure if anybody else will . " CNN 's Jim Kavanagh , Brad Lendon and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Company says it will return home to woman who shot herself during eviction Neighbor climbs through window , finds woman bleeding Congressman mentions incident during House debate on bailout Kucinich : "  This bill does nothing for the Addie Polks of the world "
Washington  CNN  -- At the end of another long and confusing day of political wrangling over extending the payroll tax cut , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi asked a question on everybody 's mind . "  The public has to be concerned and wondering why on Earth are we not getting a payroll tax cut when everybody says they 're for it ? " Pelosi , D-California , said at a news conference Tuesday . The answer involves the usual suspects of partisan divide in Congress and the politics of a coming election year . This time , though , there is another factor : disarray among congressional Republicans that has led to a public rift between GOP members of the House and Senate . On Tuesday , House Republicans pushed their call for further negotiations on a one-year extension of the payroll tax cut . They ridiculed a Senate plan for a two-month extension as irresponsible and unworkable , saying it would create uncertainty by failing to resolve the issue past February . However , the Senate agreement was negotiated by Democratic and Republican leaders and received strong GOP support in passing on an 89-10 vote . In effect , the criticism by House Republicans was directed at their Senate party brethren as well as Democrats , adding another twist to the reasons for the impasse . Rep. Mike Conaway , R-Texas , spoke with disdain on the House floor Tuesday about what he repeatedly referred to the "  wisdom of the Senate " and asked his House colleagues to "  look what the Senate did , " calling the two-month extension plan "  really irresponsible on all levels . " Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , also took issue with the Senate plan , saying he had asked Senate leaders to send the House a proposal but when it arrived , "  the House disagreed with it . " Boehner 's problem is that he initially urged his House colleagues to back the Senate measure , according to a GOP source who spoke of what happened in a conference call of the Republican House caucus Saturday . While Boehner referred to the Senate measure approved that day as the best deal the House would get , his top deputy -- House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia -- opposed it and urged the caucus to reject it , the source said . Boehner disputed that characterization of the caucus meeting , saying Tuesday he let Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell know of his disapproval of a short-term extension as the Senate negotiation approached finality . "  I expressed my displeasure in once again taking the convenient route and not doing the people 's work , " said Boehner , who now leads the House Republican opposition to the Senate plan . Democrats have seized on the Republican disunity , noting that GOP leaders have blocked votes in both the House and Senate on payroll tax proposals backed by their party . "  If we do not have a payroll tax cut , it 's because the Republicans in the House of Representatives have chosen to paint themselves in a different place than Republicans in the country and Republicans in the United States Senate , " Pelosi noted Tuesday . While House Republicans say they support a one-year extension of the payroll tax cut , the fact that they refuse to pass the Senate measure that would provide a two-month extension and more time to negotiate shows they have a different agenda , she said . ` Whatever they say is irrelevant , " Pelosi said of House Republicans . "  What they do is what 's important , and what they 're doing is not giving a payroll tax cut to 160 million Americans . " President Barack Obama joined the Democratic chorus , noting that Senate leaders from both parties had agreed to the short-term extension in order to guarantee that taxes do n't increase for working Americans while negotiations continue early next year on the one-year extension that House Republicans say they support . "  What they 're really holding out for is to wring concessions from Democrats on issues that have nothing to do with the payroll tax cut , " Obama said of House Republicans . Another problem for Republicans is that they have blocked votes in both chambers on payroll tax-cut proposals they crafted or endorsed . House Republicans pushed through a bill extending the lower rate enacted last year through 2012 , but tacked on other provisions opposed by Democrats and some GOP senators . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , was against holding a Senate vote on the House plan , apparently because he knew it would fail . On Monday night , House Republican leaders ruled out a direct up-and-down vote on the Senate 's two-month extension of the payroll tax cut . Instead , the House on Tuesday passed a procedural resolution that expressed disagreement with the Senate plan and called for a conference committee made up of members of both chambers to negotiate a compromise . Obama and House Democrats called for a direct vote on the Senate plan , with Pelosi saying the refusal by GOP leaders to bring it up showed they feared enough Republican members would join the Democratic minority to pass it . To CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , Republicans have been "  outmaneuvered " on the issue . Obama and the Democrats have "  put the Republicans in the House into a position where they look like they are clearly obstructing , " Gergen said . The unresolved dispute continued to pit Republican versus Republican on Tuesday . Five mostly moderate Republican senators have called for the House to support the Senate 's two-month extension . One of them , Sen. Scott Brown of Massachusetts , issued a statement after Tuesday 's House vote that said House Republicans "  would rather continue playing politics than find solutions . " "  Their actions will hurt American families and be detrimental to our fragile economy , " said Brown , who is facing a stiff re-election challenge in heavily Democratic Massachusetts next year . "  We are Americans first ; now is not the time for drawing lines in the sand . " Veteran Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who voted for the Senate 's proposal , told CNN that the reality of the issue is that the payroll tax cut must be extended to help out Americans still struggling in the economic recovery . "  It is harming the Republican Party , " McCain said of the continuing impasse . "  It is harming the view , if it 's possible any more , of the American people about Congress . "	House Republicans criticize Senate payroll tax plan negotiated by GOP leaders Some senators call on the GOP-led House to pass the Senate proposal Gergen : Republicans have been outmaneuvered Sen. McCain says the impasse is hurting the Republican Party
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso has warned his rivals for the Formula One drivers ' championship he is hitting peak form after his stunning victory at the Singapore Grand Prix . The Ferrari driver led from start to finish in Singapore to record his third victory in the last five races and put him firmly in contention for the title . Alonso moved into second in the standings after Sunday 's race , just 11 points behind current leader Mark Webber , of Red Bull , and he says he is operating at his optimum level . "  We are in a sport where you can not be completely fit , focused and motivated 100 per cent at every race , every month . You are up and down , " Alonso was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . F1 standings after Singapore Grand Prix "  But right now , at this point of the championship , I 'm at a peak -- 100 per cent motivated , focused etc. " The Spaniard has now leapfrogged McLaren pair Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button , as well as Webber 's Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel with just four races remaining . And heading into the next race in Japan , Alonso insists he is in good shape as the nine-month long season threatens to offer up a thrilling climax . He added : "  Sometimes in past championships in September , I was getting tired , what with all these long flights , getting very stressed . "  But this year it is different . It feels like the championship is starting now , so I feel very happy we will be going to Japan next race . " Meanwhile , Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has predicted that the championship will be decided during the final race in Abu Dhabi . "  I think it is almost inevitable with the way the season has swung backwards and forwards that this will go right down to the wire in Abu Dhabi , " Horner was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . "  I sincerely hope it does n't and I sincerely hope it is one of our guys who ties it up before that . But the likelihood is that with the quality of drivers and teams involved that it will go down to the wire . "	Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso says he is hitting peak form just at the right time Alonso moved into second in the drivers ' championship with victory at Singapore Grand Prix Red Bull team principal Christian Horner says the title race will go down to the wire
Cairo  CNN  -- The trial of three Al Jazeera journalists held on terrorism-related charges in Egypt was adjourned to May 15 after a brief appearance in the Cairo court on Saturday . Correspondent Peter Greste , producer Mohammed Fahmy and producer Baher Mohamed have been in jail since December 29 . Their request for bail has been denied . The three were arrested at a Cairo hotel room and later charged with joining what the government says is a terrorist group -- the Muslim Brotherhood -- as well as broadcasting false information and working in Egypt without permits . The accused have denied the allegations against them , saying they were simply doing their jobs . Their case has drawn widespread international condemnation from human rights groups . Saturday 's hearing coincided with World Press Freedom Day . "  I would like to remind you that today is the international day for freedom of press . The world 's eyes are on us , " Fahmy said . "  I hope the court is merciful with us . " ` We want to get out ' Addressing the court , Fahmy described the nature of journalism work . He added the journalists were "  tired in prison . " "  We want to get out . We want to get out before the elections , " he said . When the judge asked if the detained team wanted to cover the May 26-27 presidential elections , Fahmy replied : "  No , we do n't want to cover election , just to get out . " Human rights groups have criticized the trial , saying the arrests indicate authorities in Egypt are stifling dissent and freedom of the press . The case comes amid a crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood after the military 's overthrow of Mohamed Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , in July . Morsy , of the Islamist movement , was ousted after mass protests against his rule . He was elected in 2012 , a year after a popular uprising ended Hosni Mubarak 's three decades of one-man rule . The Committee to Protect Journalists ranked Egypt as the third deadliest country for journalists in 2013 . Reporters Without Borders said 80 journalists were arrested from July to September last year .	Journalists were arrested on December 29 at a Cairo hotel The three are being held on terrorism-related charges The trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups Saturday 's hearing coincided with World Press Freedom Day
EW.com  -- Binge-watchers , consider these shows the first five items on your to-do list -- but be ready to lose some sleep . "  Battlestar Galactica " The '70s sci-fi campfest rebooted as a post-9 / 11 allegory , BSG follows the remainder of humanity on a journey to the darkest reaches of space . Along the way , the nascent society contends with the treatment of prisoners of war , whether democracy is an absolute good , religion as a salve or an opiate ... and some really angry robots .  75 episodes Watch It On : Amazon , Hulu Plus , iTunes , Netflix "  Friday Night Lights Maybe you presumed the show , about a small Texas town that gathers in the name of football , would be too earnest ? Wrong ! There are big dreams , breathless action , and broken and mended hearts , with Kyle Chandler and Connie Britton -- each at the top of their excellent games -- as Coach and his guidance-counselor wife .  76 episodes Watch It On : Amazon , Hulu Plus , iTunes , Netflix EW : 4th of July weekend TV marathons "  The Sopranos " Tony Soprano and his family 's hunger for money , sex , power , and delicious-looking plates of pasta launched a new age for TV . Every season is basically self-contained , so hop around depending on which relationship you 'd like to see Tony explore : His mother gets most of season 1 , his wife takes season 4 , and his own tortured psyche lords over season 6 .  86 episodes Watch It On : Amazon , HBO Go , iTunes "  The West Wing " This is the messy , invigorating , absorbing world we like to imagine lurks within the White House 's hallowed walls . Yes , it 's about tough-as-oak President Bartlet and his idealistic staff , but it 's more about a family of colleagues we 'd love to see every day at our own workplaces , and the Aaron Sorkin dialogue we wish would come out of our mouths .  156 episodes Watch It On : Amazon , iTunes , Netflix EW : ` The Getaway ' exclusive "  The Wire " " You have n't seen The Wire ?! " shrieks that guy who wo n't stop talking about how David Simon 's sprawling depiction of urban life in Baltimore is the best drama ever . What can we say ? He 's right . Each season tackles a different institution -- from the police to City Hall to the school system -- and together they form a stunning social tapestry .  60 episodes Watch It On : Amazon , HBO Go , iTunes See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW lists top 5 shows to binge watch List ranges from "  Battlestar Galactica " to "  The Wire " Fans will need plenty of time with so many episodes
A large amount of radioactive water has leaked from a holding tank at Japan 's troubled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , its operator said Thursday . The leak of an estimated 100 metric tons of highly contaminated water was discovered late Wednesday , Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  said in a statement . The tainted water flowed over a barrier around the tank and is being absorbed into the ground , TEPCO said . The plant has shut off the inflow of water into the tank and the leaking has stopped , it added . The company does n't believe that there was any leakage of the radioactive water into the nearby Pacific Ocean . Since the massive earthquake and tsunami that hit northeastern Japan in March 2011 set off meltdowns at three of the reactors at the nuclear plant , TEPCO has been storing the enormous volumes of water contaminated at the site in a steadily growing collection of containers . The company has struggled to manage the vast amounts of radioactive water , with a number of leaks reported last year . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's government vowed to step in to deal with the toxic water crisis at the plant that caused concern in Japan and abroad about the scale of the problem faced by TEPCO . The leak reported Thursday is one of the largest since TEPCO reported last summer that about 300 tons of radioactive water had leaked from a tank . CNN first learned about the latest incident on Twitter .	TEPCO says it discovered highly contaminated water leaking from a tank An estimated 100 metric tons flowed over a barrier and onto the ground , it says The company says it has shut off the flow of water into the tank and the leak has stopped TEPCO has struggled to manage the vast amounts of tainted water at crippled plant
CNN  -- Atletico Madrid had one hand on the La Liga trophy but an unexpected 2-0 defeat Sunday at Levante has thrown the three-way title race in Spain wide open again . At the end of a momentous week which has seen Atletico reach the Champions League final for the second time , Diego Simeone 's men came unstuck against the mid-table team based in Valencia . Even now , hopes of a first domestic championship in 18 years remain in the hands of the Rojiblancos if they win their remaining two games -- at home to Malaga then crucially away to defending champions Barcelona . City rivals and fellow Champions League finalists Real Madrid later failed to take full advantage of Atletico 's defeat and needed an audacious late equalizer from Cristiano Ronaldo in a 2-2 draw against Valencia in the Bernabeu . Real twice trailed to goals from Jeremy Mathieu and Dani Parejo only for Sergio Ramos and Ronaldo with a backheel from a Angel Di Maria cross in injury time to rescue their title hopes . Barcelona , whose 2-2 draw at home to Getafe appeared to have ended their chances , will be hoping Real slip up again in their remaining three matches and that they can achieve a last-day win over Atletico in the Nou Camp to claim the title again . Earlier , Levante went ahead against Atletico after seven minutes through a Filipe Luis own goal but were indebted to goalkeeper Keylor Navas for a string of fine saves to deny the visitors . Desperately searching for an equalizer , Atletico were caught out with a quick break midway through the second half when David Barra converted from Victor Casadesus ' cross . Adrian Lopez , a hero in the midweek win at Chelsea in the Champions League semifinal , hit the post to sum up Atletico 's day in front of goal , but they now face a nervous run-in . In the English Premier League , the three-way title race effectively became two as Chelsea stumbled to a goalless draw at home to relegation haunted Norwich . The draw at Stamford Bridge does little to help either side , with Chelsea now trailing leaders Manchester City and Liverpool by a point , but having played a game more . It was a lackluster display by Jose Mourinho 's men after the 3-1 setback against Atletico , although they were unlucky when Andre Schurrle and David Luiz hit the woodwork with efforts . Norwich battled hard and had a first half penalty appeal turned away , but they are two points from safety and have played a game more than Sunderland , who are safe in 17th after a 1-0 win at Manchester United Saturday . In the other match in the EPL Sunday , fourth-placed Arsenal beat West Bromwich Albion 1-0 with Olivier Giroud scoring the only goal in the first half . The title race in Spain and England will almost certainly go down to the last round of matches , but in Italy Juventus wrapped up their third straight Serie A crown with three games to spare . Juve did not need to take to the pitch as closest rivals Roma suffered a shock 4-1 defeat at Catania Sunday . It left Roma eight points adrift of the leaders with only two more games to be played . Mariano Izco 's double for Catania put them on the front foot before Roma skipper Francesco Totti pulled one back before the break . Goals from Gonzalo Bergessio and Pablo Barrientos wrapped up the win for Catania in the second half to lift them off the bottom of the table . Antonio Conte 's newly-crowned champions will celebrate their latest Scudetto success and 30th in all with a home game against Atalanta Monday .	Atletico Madrid falter in La Liga title race losing 2-0 at Levante NEW : Real Madrid held 2-2 by Valencia in late match Chelsea 's EPL title hopes dashed by goalless draw Juventus seal Serie A after challengers Roma lose
Secretary of State John Kerry raised eyebrows Sunday following comments , caught on an open mic , that left some wondering whether he was criticizing Israeli assurances that its ground offensive in Gaza would be limited . Kerry 's comments occurred between multiple television interviews . He was heard in a phone conversation with a State Department deputy , Jonathan Finer , discussing the deaths of Israeli soldiers killed overnight . "  I hope they do n't think that 's an invitation to go do more , " Kerry said in the unguarded moment . "  That better be the warning to them . " At that point , Finer is heard mentioning the number of Palestinians wounded and killed in the past 24 hours . "  It 's a hell of a pinpoint operation . It 's a hell of a pinpoint operation , " Kerry said , a seemingly frustrated comment aimed at Israel . "  Right , " Finer responded . Noting that the situation is "  escalating , " Finer added : "  it just underscores the need for a cease fire . " "  We 've got to get over there , " Kerry said , adding , "  I think , Jon , we ought to go tonight . I think it 's crazy to be sitting around . Let 's go . " In a later interview with "  Fox News Sunday , " host Chris Wallace played the recording for Kerry . "  When you said ` It 's a hell of a pinpoint operation , ' are you upset that the Israelis are going too far ? " Wallace asked . "  And , in fact , do you intend to go back to the Middle East tonight , sir ? " "  I think it 's very , very difficult in these situations , obviously very difficult , Chris , " Kerry replied . "  You have people who 've come out of tunnels . You have a right to go in and take out those tunnels . We completely support that . And we support Israel 's right to defend itself against rockets that are continuing to come in . Hamas has started this process of rocketing , after Israel was trying to find the people who killed three young -- you know , one American kid , three young Israeli citizens . It 's disgraceful . " Kerry continued : "  And so , yes , it 's tough . It 's tough to have this kind of operation . And I reacted obviously in a way that , you know , anybody does with respect to young children and civilians . But war is tough , and I said that publicly and I 'll say it again . We defend Israel 's right to do what it is doing in order to get at those tunnels . " The State Department said Kerry would travel to Cairo on Monday to meet with Egyptian and other officials about efforts to broker a cease-fire . Photos : Israel 's ground offensive in Gaza	Secretary of State John Kerry 's comments were picked up in between interviews He was talking to an aide about the situation in Gaza It appears he was being critical of Israeli assurances of a precision military operation The White House says Kerry heading to Egypt to pursue an end to the conflict
CNN  -- Some off-duty public safety workers ended up with an unusual catch when they went fishing off the coast of Florida on Saturday morning . They found a man and woman splashing in the water 7 miles from shore who said they 'd spent the last 14 hours treading water , the Broward County Sheriff 's Office said . Sean McGovern , 50 , and Mellisa Morris , 52 , said they 'd fallen off their boat in Key Largo about 6 p.m. Friday . The boat was in gear , and they watched it pull away from them , the sheriff 's department said . "  They are very lucky  $ " they did n't have any signal device , " said U.S. Coast Guard spokesman Mark Barney . "  They were trying to signal people down with their T-shirt . To be located and recovered by off-duty cops and a firefighter  $ " that 's a stroke of luck right there . " About 8 a.m. Saturday , two Broward sheriff 's detectives , a Broward firefighter and one of the officers ' father-in-law noticed splashing in the water from their boat , the sheriff 's department said . "  We saw birds diving , " said Adam White , a detective . "  As we got closer , I saw fish jumping . We saw a white male with his shirt flagging us down . " The men pulled McGovern and Morris onto the boat . They were exhausted after drifting 10 nautical miles and appeared to have mild hypothermia and jellyfish stings , the sheriff 's department said . "  We checked them out , made sure they were stable , " White said . The fishermen passed them over to the Coast Guard , which carried them to the Fort Lauderdale Coast Guard station . Friends picked them up there . "  A lot of people do n't wear life jackets because they do n't have intention of being in water , " Barney said . "  It was a miracle they were able to tread water that long and were safely recovered . " White summed it up : "  They 're pretty lucky . " And what happened to the boat from which the swimmers fell ? The Coast Guard said it washed up on the beach in Fort Lauderdale on Saturday afternoon .	NEW : Boat comes ashore Man and woman said they fell from a boat off Key Largo They were found by fishermen 7 miles off the coast The heroes included two off-duty Broward County detectives , one firefighter
EW.com  -- You do n't need to look very hard to find Neil Patrick Harris these days . The actor-slash-singer-slash-magician has hosted the Emmys , performed at the Oscars , and even headlined the World Magic Awards , which apparently are an actual thing . But despite his menagerie of ceremonial credits , the consummate entertainer admits that it 's the Tony Awards -- which Harris is hosting for the third time on Sunday , June 10 , on CBS -- that hold the dearest spot in his heart . "  I think the celebratory tone of it makes it my favorite show to host , " says Harris , who previously celebrated Broadway 's biggest night with successful hosting gigs in 2009 and 2011 . "  In the Emmys and in observing the Oscars , it 's a bunch of individuals that hardly know each other that all work in their own business bubbles , and I think the opposite is true on Broadway . Most everyone is a  thrilled to be there , b  even more thrilled to be nominated but c  and I think most importantly , they all know and are supportive of each other , so you end up with this great evening where it 's not a lot of sour grapes . " With last year 's "  Book of Mormon " - dominated telecast dabbling in irreverence , this year 's ceremony should be noticeably more family-oriented , thanks in no small part to the heavy presence of a solid handful of mainstream plays representing one of the medium 's best seasons in recent memory . Despite powerful performances , plays typically tend to get short shrift at the musical-focused Tonys  $ " a foregone conclusion of the ceremony that Harris hopes to change this year . "  I 'm really trying this year to figure out a way to get performances by plays somehow in the show , " Harris tells EW . "  Every year you focus mostly on the musicals , because that 's what 's easier to put on the stage , like a three-and-a-half-minute number from ` Anything Goes . ' But with so many amazing James Earl Joneses and Stockard Channings , we 've got some amazing , monologue-talented people that I want to showcase the plays in a legitimate way . " Does that mean we 'll be treated to a brief glimpse of Darth Vader and Rizzo in a monologue mash-up ?  Most likely not , as that 's an awful idea on my part .  But what we can expect on June 10 is a high-energy telecast that commemorates the best of the year on Broadway and cements Harris as a master master of ceremonies . "  The more content I end up doing , then the less time everyone gets to spend watching performances , and really , in addition to doling out awards , that 's the reason you watch , " says Harris , who last year sang a duet with Hugh Jackman , a group performance with the New York Philharmonic cast of "  Company " and a full opening and closing number . "  Not to say I wo n't be around . I 'm hoping for the watercooler-y moments when you have to pause and go back and rewatch . There will be a couple surprises ! " As we count down the days until we can see what NPH has up his sleeve at the Tony Awards , we 'll just have to make do with his opening number from last year . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Tony Awards hold the dearest spot in Neil Patrick Harris ' heart "  I think the celebratory tone of it makes it my favorite show to host , " says Harris "  There will be a couple surprises ! " he says
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A group of Nigerian rebels who wrote a letter to U.S. President George W. Bush , stating that they attacked two oil pipelines Monday , have asked for former President Jimmy Carter and actor George Clooney to help solve issues in the oil-rich Niger-delta . Military policemen patrol the creeks of the Omadino community in Warri South district of the Niger Delta . In a letter written by a group called Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND , the group said they attacked two pipelines they believed are owned by Chevron Corp. and Shell oil . A spokesman for Royal Dutch Shell said its pipeline was damaged last week . The attack will temporarily cut shipments by 169,000 barrels a day as workers try to repair the damage , the spokesman said . The pipeline is owned jointly by Shell and Nigerian , French and Italian oil companies , the spokesman said . Chevron spokesman Kurt Glaubitz told CNN that "  No Chevron pipelines have been vandalized in Nigeria . " There was no immediate comment from the Nigerian government . In the letter the group called themselves "  commandos " and stated that their aim was "  the crippling of the Nigerian oil export industry . " Watch how Nigeria attacks help hike gas prices " "  Today 's attack was prompted by the continuous injustice in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria where the root issues have not been addressed by the illegal and insincere government , " the letter stated . The letter stated that two other letters had been sent to Bush and also actor George Clooney , and the group also asked for President Jimmy Carter to help . Clooney is one of the United Nations ' Messengers of Peace , and has campaigned for an end to the long-standing conflict in Darfur , as well as further humanitarian relief efforts in the region . Carter is currently in the Middle East , where he has met with the exiled militant Hamas leader Khalid Meshaal , on what he calls a "  study mission " to support peace , democracy , and human rights in the region . "  MEND is prepared for talks and will prefer Ex President Jimmy Carter to mediate . Mr. Carter is not in denial as the rest of you who brand freedom fighters as terrorists , " the letter stated . "  The ripple effect of this attack will touch your economy and people one way or the other and hope we now have your attention . " The organization also said they attack was in response to one of the arrest of one of their members , Henry Okah , who was arrested last year and according to local reports , is charged with treason . Since late 2005 , MEND militants have carried out numerous attacks on Nigeria 's oil sector and abducted dozens of foreign workers , releasing nearly all of them unharmed . In the past the organization has said it had ratcheted up its attacks to redress what it says is the unequal distribution of the nation 's oil wealth . E-mail to a friend	Nigerian rebels write to U.S. President George W. Bush , say they attacked oil pipelines Appeal for former U.S. President Carter , actor George Clooney to help mediate Group say they attacked two pipelines believed owned by Chevron Corp. , Shell oil . Adds that their aim was "  the crippling of the Nigerian oil export industry "
CNN  -- Canada is immediately limiting carry-on items for flights to the United States in the aftermath of a failed terror attack on a Northwest Airlines flight . "  Effective immediately , U.S.-bound passengers are not allowed to bring carry-on bags into the cabin of the aircraft , with some exceptions , " said a statement from Transport Canada . According to the agency , carry-ons will be limited to medication or medical devices , small purses , cameras , coats , infant-care items , laptop computers , containers carrying life-sustaining or special-needs items , musical instruments , or diplomatic or consular bags . Crutches , canes and walkers also are permitted . "  These measures are expected to be in place at least for several days , " Transport Canada said . Canada made the change after a botched terrorism attack on a U.S.-bound plane . Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , 23 , is charged with attempting to destroy a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day . He attempted to ignite an explosive device sewn into his underwear , authorities say . AbdulMutallab , a Nigerian who had a multiple-entry visa to the United States , had been added to a watch list of 550,000 potential terrorist threats . But "  the info on him was not deemed specific enough to pull his visa or put him on a no-fly list , " a U.S. official said . AbdulMutallab first boarded a KLM flight from Lagos , Nigeria , to Amsterdam . Both Nigerian authorities and KLM , a Northwest partner , say he received secondary security screening . But a U.S. official said Friday that AbdulMutallab was not checked for traces of explosives using a more extensive test . The Transportation Security Administration had invoked a so-called "  one-hour rule " after the thwarted attack , sources told CNN . The rule prohibited passengers on international U.S.-bound flights from leaving their seats during the last hour of a flight , the sources said . Passengers had to stow pillows and blankets , and maps viewed on in-flight entertainment screens were disabled during the final hour of flight . TSA has since modified the rule , giving airlines and crews discretion over implementation , sources said . "  When we were landing in the U.S. we could n't get up or have anything on our laps , " said Rati Lavanig , who traveled from Thailand with her small child . "  It was difficult because right at the end he wanted some milk , and I could n't give it to him . " Several international airlines posted advisories on their Web sites regarding extra screenings and carry-on bags for international U.S.-bound flights , saying that the U.S. government 's revisions have prompted changes for passengers flying to the United States . Only one carry-on bag is allowed for international U.S.-bound flights , the advisories said . Virgin Atlantic advised passengers to check in early ; British Airways told passengers to check in normally . Passengers traveling across the United States braced for long lines and delays , as well . Barry and Angela Szczesny arrived at the airport in Detroit , Michigan , three hours ahead of their flight to Washington -- far earlier than they 'd usually allow for a domestic flight . In Detroit , long lines at the ticket counters greeted Delta and Northwest passengers early Tuesday , but subsided by around 8 a.m. Security lines were long but moved , forcing passengers to wait only about 15 minutes . CNN 's Allan Chernoff , Taylor Gandossy and Sandra Endo contributed to this report	NEW : TSA modifies rule , gives airlines discretion when passengers may roam Canada changes rules after botched terror attack on U.S.-bound flight Carry-ons with medical needs , laptops , musical instruments will be allowed Measures expected to be in place at least several days , Transport Canada says
CNN  -- "  They tried to forget us , as if we never even lived there , " says Circassian architect Abdullah Makhmudovic Berisov . Now 67 years old , Berisov speaks about the pain he feels when thinking of the 2014 Olympic Games in Sochi , Russia , and how the opening ceremony failed to mention the history of the Circassian people who once called Sochi their capital . Berisov is not alone . Circassian artist Sheomir Guchepshoko , 32 , says far from being a source of pride , the Sochi Olympics are a tragic reminder of what was lost during the Russian-Circassian war that ended in 1864 . "  It was our land , " he says , "  but during the opening of the Olympic Games , they said it was a Greek land , and then after that it was Russian land . They did n't say anything about the Circassian part of Russian history . And it really hurt . " And even more egregious than failing to be recognized , say some Circassian activists , is that the Olympic venue at Krasnaya Polyana was built on what they say is the mass burial site of the Circassians ' final defeat . In these Olympic Games , "  athletes are skiing on the bones of our ancestors , " one activist says , adding : "  It would be like Germany deciding to build an Olympic Park on Auschwitz . " Circassian historian Samir Khotko says the international attention on Sochi as the host city of the Olympics has awakened a movement to push the Russian government to officially recognize what he and others say was the Circassian genocide of 1864 . The Circassians lived in Sochi for millennia , says Frankie Martin , a research fellow at American University 's School of International Service in Washington . In the 19th century , Russia coveted their land -- which is south and east of Russia proper -- and brutally defeated them , decimating entire tribes , he says . Russia killed around 1.5 million Circassians and expelled a similar number . Russian President Vladimir Putin , who personally lobbied for Sochi to host the Winter Olympics , has repeatedly urged observers to avoid mixing politics with sport . But activists say the effort to draw attention to their cause has come at a price . They point to what they say are campaigns of intimidation and detention by Russian security forces in order to silence criticism . Circassian activists say that on February 7 , dozens were detained in the city of Nalchik while trying to peacefully protest the start of the Olympic Games . In Maykop , the capital of the Adyghe region , about 150 miles north of Sochi , Guchepshoko 's sand art exhibit paints a tale of a 101-year-long war and the tragic exodus that he says is in danger of being forgotten . The Russian conquest of the Caucasus is widely documented in Russian literature and history , yet Circassians say their portion of this history -- a story of crushing defeat , widespread killing , and mass deportation to the Middle East and elsewhere -- is strangely absent from Russian history books . Guchepshoko says that as a child growing up in Russia , he knew very little about his ancestry . Learning Circassian history was prohibited in school , he says . "  When I was a child , it was if I was a guest in my own country . But slowly , I found some information about our history , and now I understand . I am a Circassian . " "  I started to think about it . It 's like there was a hole in my heart , and now I want it to be filled . " When asked if he worries about angering the Russian government with his art , he admits there is some risk but adds that it is his duty to show younger generations , like his , what really happened in the Caucasus 150 years ago . "  I want to show the truth , " he says . "  Because some young people , people who live here , they do n't know about their own history . " An attempt to preserve culture Circassian activists point out that there were efforts to preserve parts of their culture when the area was part of the Soviet Union . To this day , there is an autonomous region not far from Sochi reserved for the Adyghe , a subset of the Circassian people . In Maykop , the Circassian language is spoken on the street and shares a place next to Russian on historic landmarks . Last year , workers constructed a monument to the Circassian people in a scruffy park next to a mosque that was built in the 1990s . But the monument is still unfinished , its designer pointed out . It lacks a dozen bronze stars as well as lights to illuminate it at night . Meanwhile , in the Olympic Park in Sochi , authorities had authorized the establishment of an Adyghe cultural exhibit . But Adam Bogus , leader of a Circassian council in Maykop , says Russian Olympic organizers refused a number of specific requests , including the movement of the remains of those lost in the battle at Krasnaya Polyana to a separate cemetery and the creation of a special museum to house precious artifacts that would be recovered during that resettlement . Bogus says those requests were denied , and instead of preserving the graves , construction crews desecrated many of them during the creation of the Olympic ski venue there . Bogus says they also asked for a portion of the cultural program in the Olympic opening ceremony to acknowledge the Circassian chapter of Russian history . And he was hopeful they would honor that request . "  We believed the Olympic tradition would be observed here ... until the very last minute , " he says . "  And that too did not happen . " But even with the heartache Bogus says the Circassian people feel now as a result of these Olympic Games , he goes on to say that "  Circassians are no enemies of Russia . Ever since Ivan the Terrible , Circassians have helped with the development of Russia . " "  We consider ourselves citizens of Russia , but we would like adequate respect for our culture , " he adds . It is a sentiment shared by Guchepshoko . "  I do n't hate Russia , " he says . "  My wife is Russian . It 's complicated . I do not want this war to be repeated . I do want us to have our land , but I understand that is impossible . I do n't want blood . I do n't want wars . And that is why it is so complicated . " "  I want to show people what really happened . It 's a big tragedy for us , for our people . We lost land , we lost a thousand million people . That 's why we ca n't forget . " Dina Filippova contributed to this report .	Focus on Sochi has awakened a push to recognize Circassian genocide , historian says Circassian history was n't mentioned in Olympic opening ceremony , one Circassian says Activists say Russian security forces have used intimidation to try to silence them Leader of a Circassian council in Maykop says Circassians are not enemies of Russia
New York  CNN  -- Can liberals ever be happy ? I keep asking myself this question as I hear an increasing number complaining about President Obama . There seems to be a Greek chorus of liberal whining : "  I 'm disappointed by him . " "  I expected more . " "  I thought he would be different . " Earlier this week , singer Jackson Browne , a vocal 2008 Obama supporter , lamented that President Obama is " ... just as beholden to the people who put him in office as any of the Republicans would be . " Matt Damon , who had very publicly supported Obama in 2008 , has now very publicly attacked President Obama . Damon even went so far as to heap praise on former President Bush , saying : "  I would kiss George W. Bush on the mouth " in appreciation for his work fighting AIDS in Africa . Although Damon did note his kiss of Bush would be limited to : "  Three seconds , no tongue . " Others turning on Obama include John Cusack , comedian/actor Jon Lovitz , and even the distinguished professor Cornel West , who called Obama : "  A black mascot of Wall Street oligarchs and a black puppet of corporate plutocrats . " A new Gallup Poll released this week found that President Obama 's support among liberals was at its lowest point in seven months , although it 's still a solid majority of 70 % . What 's clear is that the liberals speaking out do n't want a president , they want a king . Albeit a liberal king -- but still a king , who would be unrestrained by Congress as well as the checks and balances enshrined in our Constitution . These disenchanted liberals apparently wanted Obama -- upon taking office -- to have instantly transformed every campaign promise into law by the simple wave of a pen . Or maybe they would have preferred Obama to have walked out onto a White House balcony where , in a scene reminiscent of the musical "  Evita , " he would be greeted by adoring throngs waiting below , and on the spot , declare that all his ideas were now the law of the land . But here 's the problem . Barack Obama is not a king , he 's the president of the United States . For those who may have forgotten the "  Schoolhouse Rock " cartoon of "  How a bill becomes a law , " Congress needs to first pass the bill before it has any chance of becoming a law . Our Founding Fathers set up a governmental structure that requires the president to engage in give and take with the legislative branch . Of course , if the Founding Fathers could see the current state of our dysfunctional Congress , they may have instead chosen a dictatorship . But they did n't , instead drafting a system to guard us against tyranny . Consequently , President Obama is required to navigate through myriad vested interests that exercise influence on the 535 members of Congress . Keep in mind most of Congress was in office before President Obama was elected and most will be there when he leaves . Powerful members of Congress are like summer camp counselors and Obama is like the camper . He will only be there a relatively short amount of time , but they will remain to run the camp . And they know it . Thus , as opposed to a king , a president has to engage in activity that some on the left view as a dirty word . That wicked word is : compromise . In fairness , there are many on the far right who also disdain compromise . Who can forget tea party darling Herman Cain 's statement : " ... people are sick and tired of this word in Washington : compromise . This is why nothing ever gets done . "  This is amazing logic , because you would normally think it was the lack of compromise that prevents things from getting done in Washington . To me , the liberals who are so very disappointed with President Obama either had unrealistic expectations for him , viewing him as a messianic figure who would magically solve all of our nation 's woes , or simply refuse to grasp the reality of our American political system . In either case , the answer is : The problem is not Obama , it 's you . Being president requires some degree of compromise due to the very nature of our government . That is the way it has been for more than 200 years . While President Obama may be far from perfect -- and , I , too , have been disappointed with some of his decisions -- I certainly prefer him to a king . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : A growing number of prominent liberals criticize President Obama Jackson Browne , Matt Damon , John Cusack are among the critics Obeidallah says they gloss over the fact that Obama needs Congress to get things done He says critics seem to want a president with dictatorial power to impose his will
CNN Student News  -- April 10 , 2014 Stories covered this Thursday include a mass stabbing at a Pennsylvania high school , a recall by the world 's largest carmaker , and an examination of how the Civil Rights Act made history 50 years ago . We also continue our coverage of Financial Literacy Month and show you how a British company reinvented a set of wheels . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What images would you choose to incorporate into a video about life in the 1960s ? Why ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Fort Hood 2 . APR 3 . Civil Rights Act of 1964 Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What happened yesterday at Franklin Regional Senior High School near Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ? What heroic action by a student may have saved another 's life ? 2 . What is the world 's largest automaker ? How many of its models are affected by its latest recalls ? How many cars are being recalled worldwide ? What car parts may be affected by this recall ? 3 . What was the goal of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ? According to the report , why were some in Congress opposed to it ? What is a filibuster ? Who used this strategy to try to kill the bill ? Who was the U.S. president who worked to get it passed ? How did he accomplish this ? 4 . What is unique about the bicycle seen in the video that is produced by the Brompton Company ? What is innovation ? According to one of the company 's directors , why is innovation important to a business , even if it was first to market a new product ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What images and sounds are often included in memorials for fallen soldiers ? How might the appearance of a president , as commander-in-chief , be important to the families of fallen or injured troops ? 2 . If there were already constitutional amendments addressing civil rights , why do you think that federal civil rights legislation was passed in 1964 ? How might the country have been different had this law not passed ? 3 . What homework would you want to do before applying for college financial aid ? What kind of information would help you weigh the advantages and disadvantages of each option ? If you were in the market for a loan , how would you go about finding one that had a low APR ? 4 . Why do you think that companies strive to innovate ? What companies or businesses would you classify as innovative ? Why do you think they have an edge when it comes to innovation ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
