New York  CNN  What kind of microscopic life lurks in the depths of New York 's sprawling subway system -- on railings , turnstiles , benches , the ubiquitous closing doors ? A team of New York City scientists spent more than a year collecting hundreds of samples of microorganisms . Some DNA samples on subway surfaces matched no known organisms studied before , while others were fragments associated with anthrax and the bubonic plague . In some cases , the germs reflected the diversity of the city 's neighborhoods . Medical students , graduate students and volunteers -- under the direction of senior investigator Dr. Christopher E. Mason of Weill Cornell Medical College -- had the unenviable task of spending 17 months in the New York underground collecting microorganisms from every subway station along the system 's 24 lines , according to a report published this week . There should be a Nobel category for that ? Scientists chose the New York City subway system because it is the largest in the world by station count and transports 5.5 million people per day , according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority . "  This vast urban ecosystem is a precious resource that requires monitoring to sustain and secure it against acts of bioterrorism , environmental disruptions or disease outbreaks , " according to the report . That New York 's underground -- or its surface , for that matter -- teems with all manner of repugnant microbes is no surprise to any longtime resident or newcomer to the city . But the scientists believe the largest and most dense city in the United States is the ideal setting for some of the first ever large-scale microbe studies , according to the report . The goal : to develop new ways to monitor disease outbreaks and guard against bioterrorism threats . After sequencing samples were picked up at subway stations , researchers determined that nearly half did "  not match any known organism " -- a fact that underscores "  the vast wealth of unknown species that are ubiquitous in urban areas , " the report said . Those that were identifiable were studied , however , with researchers determining the effect those microorganisms could have on the general subway-riding public . More than half of the bacteria strands identified were not associated with disease but some 31 % could affect "  immune-compromised , injured , or disease-susceptible populations , " the report said . The researchers tested culture samples grouped by the subway station in which they found and determined that 28 % represented colonies "  resistant to standard antibiotics . " One subway station even produced a "  multi-drug-resistant culture . " "  These results indicate , not surprisingly , that there are live bacterial communities present on the subway , but they also show that a substantive proportion of these possess some resistance to commonly used antibiotics , " according to the report . Even though researchers picked up elements deemed "  infectious agents " by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , such as anthrax and the bubonic plague , subway users are not at risk , the report said . Even low levels of those elements "  will not necessarily confer a risk of acquiring these pathogens . " "  The subway , in general , is primarily a safe surface , " the report said . "  Although evidence of B. anthracis , Y. pestis , MRSA , and other CDC infectious agents was found on the subway system in multiple stations , the results do not suggest that the plague or anthrax is prevalent , nor do they suggest that NYC residents are at risk . " New York City health officials called the study "  deeply flawed . " "  The interpretation of the results is misleading , " the Health Department said in a statement . "  We do n't know what bacteria they found , but for a number of reasons , we 're convinced that it was n't the plague or anthrax . There are other possible explanations for their findings , and it is a common and best practice in scientific papers for authors to acknowledge them . Instead , the Cornell team simply claimed that they had found these bacteria without acknowledging any scientific uncertainty . " Phew ! One subway station in particular yielded fascinating results . The South Ferry Station on the No. 1 subway line , which had been closed for a period of time after being completely flooded during Superstorm Sandy in 2012 , according to the report . In the station on the southernmost tip of Manhattan , scientists picked up species normally associated with the maritime life two years after the flooding . The organisms "  mirror bacteria that are more commonly associated with fish species , marine environments , or very cold Antarctic environments ; yet these species are still distinct from " others sampled from the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn , which was also studied in this report . But it did not take a natural disaster for the microorganism ecosystems of a subway station to vary noticeably from the next station . The study found that DNA swabbed at certain subway stations paralleled the ethnic demographic of the community that lived around it . Researchers studied samples that could be analyzed with "  ancestry-informative markers " and then compared the results to a map of a demographic community compiled from the 2010 census . In one station in a primarily Hispanic/Amerindian area of the Bronx , for instance , the team identified Mexican , Colombian and Puerto Rican as the top three ancestries . There was also an increase in Han Chinese and Japanese indicators at the subway station that matched an area adjacent to the station , according to census data . Mason said the report can have broad and lasting implications . A DNA clue can "  represent a ` genetic history ' of that person 's daily or weekly travels , " which may evoke a fear of privacy invasion in some . But there is also a potential for new forensic tools and methods to those in the criminal justice field . In the immediate future , however , Mason and his team believe their study is a "  first step " towards protecting the health of New Yorkers -- and could be the basis for a "  smart city " where leaders use the data to improve city planning as well as management of mass transit and human health . And leave the latex gloves at home . "  It is absolutely not necessary to ride the subway with gloves on , " Mason , the senior investigator , told CNN affiliate WCBS . "  When we were taking samples , I saw people with paper towels , gloves with plastic on their hands -- all of it is unnecessary . "	New York City health officials say the study is "  deeply flawed " Scientists collected samples of hundreds of microorganisms in New York subway Some DNA samples were associated with anthrax and bubonic plague , report says
New York  CNN  -- A man pleaded not guilty Thursday in the Father 's Day shooting deaths of four people in a Long Island , New York , pharmacy robbery for painkillers , according to Robert E. Clifford , a spokesman for the Suffolk County district attorney 's office . Police said David Laffer has been accused of fatally shooting two employees at Haven Drugs in Medford as well as two customers before leaving with a large quantity of prescription drugs Sunday morning . The attack was allegedly unprovoked , according to Police Commissioner Richard Dormer , who cited surveillance video that captured the shootings on tape . Laffer 's attorney , Mary Beth Abbate , noted that Laffer has no previous criminal record and has asked for a "  reasonable bail , " she said . Police said Laffer later was identified -- despite wearing a phony beard , sunglasses and a cap -- after authorities received more than 400 tips from the public . The 33-year-old Long Island resident had appeared on a list of pharmacy clients who received various drugs from the Haven Drugs store , Dormer said . Laffer was also registered as owning a .45 - caliber handgun , the same type of weapon used in Sunday 's shooting , he added . Dormer noted that evidence found at the scene allegedly linked Laffer to the shooting , but did not elaborate . Laffer has been charged with first-degree murder and resisting arrest . On Wednesday , police removed a bloodied and handcuffed Laffer from his home , and he appeared to have suffered trauma to his face . "  The officers had to use force " because Laffer became "  extremely violent " during the arrest , Dormer told reporters . Laffer 's wife , Melinda Brady , 29 , was also arrested and charged with third-degree robbery and obstructing governmental administration , authorities said . "  He was doing it maybe because he lost his job over my health , " Brady told reporters during her arrest . "  I 'm sorry that he did all this . " Both Laffer and Brady appeared "  strung out " and "  under the influence " at the time of their arrests , Dormer said . Brady has since been hospitalized . The pair was arraigned Thursday at First District Court in Central Islip , Long Island . Police identified the dead as Raymond Ferguson , 45 , and Jennifer Mejia , 17 , both pharmacy employees , as well as customers Bryon Sheffield , 71 , and Jamie Taccetta , 33 . Mejia 's death came days before her graduation from Bellport High School on Thursday , said school secretary Maryann Malcolm . CNN 's Rachel Garrett , Jason Kessler , Max Markham and Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	NEW : Laffer 's attorney has asked for a "  reasonable bail " David Laffer pleads not guilty in killings at Long Island pharmacy , spokesman says Laffer appeared on a list of pharmacy clients , police say Police : Laffer registered owning .45 - caliber handgun , same type used in shooting
CNN  -- On my last day on a visit to Beirut , Lebanon , I participated in a long conversation with a Hamas political leader . I agreed that the conversation would be off the record , but without direct quotation , I can summarize what was said . The peace process between Israel and the Palestinian Authority is dead , in the view of Hamas . Likewise , economic growth in the West Bank is illusory , a product only of Western aid . The Palestinians are divided , and the international community has lost interest in us . That might sound like a negative assessment . Yet my Hamas interlocutor insisted that today 's desperate outlook would soon yield to tomorrow 's glorious victory . With the peace process dead , the Palestinian Authority would break apart . West Bank Palestinians would realign themselves with Hamas . Those who refused would be eliminated as collaborators . The Hamas man did tacitly acknowledge that Palestinian attacks on Israel have failed in the past . He declined to agree that the 2000-2003 intifada was a failure or that Hamas had been defeated in the December 2008 Gaza war . But he did not argue that these wars were successes either . But next time , things would be different , the "  resistance " would be global : Hamas , he suggested , would call Muslims around the world to join the fight against Israel , just as Muslims worldwide joined together in Afghanistan in the 1980s to fight the Soviet Union . This next fight -- he said -- would force Israel to rethink its continued existence . He said that just as his generation was more radical than his father 's , so the next generation would be more radical than his own . The Hamas man asked with sinister humor : "  If you Americans care so much about the Israelis , why do n't you give them California ? " The tone was defiant , belligerent , confident . Yet through it all , I also heard a despairing undertone . The Hamas man lamented that nobody understands Hamas . Those who try to talk to them -- like U.S. president Jimmy Carter -- end up paying a heavy political price . He veered from boasting that they would never negotiate with the Israelis to complaining that Israel had ignored their offer of a truce in 2004 . He claimed the flotilla organizers who tried to bring aid to Hamas-controlled Gaza had achieved a great success -- then later complained that nothing had changed , that Israel controlled the flow of goods into Gaza as tightly as ever . The plan seemed to be : for Hamas and the radical Palestinians to suffer defeat after defeat until finally Israel collapsed . That does not sound like a very good plan . Earlier on the trip , another Hamas representative had explained this point of view very succinctly : "  To emerge from the fight with your steadfastness undiminished : that is victory . " But actually ... no it 's not victory . Fighting and losing , followed by more fighting and more losing is a formula for prolonging the pain of defeat . Hamas promises its supporters a far-off day of apocalyptic retribution and redemption . If my source is right , there will be another outburst of violence soon . Almost certainly it will end the way the previous rounds of violence have ended . Israel will be left standing more strong and secure and prosperous than ever - and its attackers will be more frozen in their refusal to do the thing most necessary to end this conflict : recognize Israel , reject war , and make the best deal they can get based on today 's realities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Hamas political leader expects peace process to fail Frum says Hamas expects next conflict with Israel will attract broader support Hamas ' policy is self-defeating , wo n't change Mideast reality , says Frum He says Palestinians should recognize Israel , make best deal they can
CNN  -- Neenah Pickett is on a mission to find love , and it 's the kind that has a countdown and can be monitored by any curious voyeur . No , she 's not the newest bachelorette to feed America 's reality TV addiction . The New Jersey media consultant is the brains and heart behind "  52 weeks 2 find him ! " a Web site dedicated to the search for her husband . "  This whole process has been me really realizing I need to find new ways to be proactive , " said Pickett , 43 , who might typically get roped into long hours at work or the embrace of a comfortable couch . "  I 'm past the stage of believing it 'll just happen . " So she 's putting it all out there on her site . She 's blogging . She 's asking friends and strangers to weigh in with advice . She 's pushing herself to do things and act in ways she never has before . And a little more than 14 weeks into the self-imposed challenge , she 's pretty exhausted . "  I ca n't believe how hard it is , " she said of the journey so far , which has brought her more dates in two months than she 'd had in two years . "  But that 's why the deadline is so important . " Setting goals and working hard -- no doubt , it 's the American way . Singles scramble to avoid renewing online dating subscriptions . They sign up for "  speed dating " events to feast on a smorgasbord of quick-and-easy first impressions . TV viewers beat up "  The Bachelor " when he regrets selecting the mate he 's chosen after a limited number of episodes . And how-to books that promise , within a set timeframe , discovery of the One , fly off bookshelves . When it comes to matters of the heart , though , does finding love on a deadline make sense ? "  It sounds good from a marketing standpoint , but life does n't work like that , " said Blaire Allison , "  The Love Guru , " who coaches people when it comes to matters of the heart . She should know . About five years ago , when she was 27 , Allison posted a site called "  Marry Blaire , " with the hope -- albeit somewhat in jest -- that she 'd be engaged within six months . Like Pickett , she felt that setting aside time to focus on her personal life was necessary . "  It 's OK to say , ' I want to be a partner in a law firm in three years ' ... but we 're taught to not be open about our desires about marriage , because we do n't want to scare off the guy , " she said . By being honest , "  you end up attracting men who want the same thing as you . " A funny thing happened along the way , though . Allison found "  my One , " as she calls him , ended up living with the guy and felt essentially married . But she walked away when she realized that she had n't taken time to know herself . She was young , caught up in the societal pressures and so worried about finding him that she 'd never bothered to look within . Through self-discovery , she fell "  totally in love with myself , " she said . "  Now , I 'm ready for a partner in my life again , but there 's no rush ; there 's no urgency ; there 's no fear . " And nothing is more attractive than a woman who is happy with herself , said Sam van Rood , a "  Love Doctor " based in London , England . He said that putting a deadline on the search for love sounds like "  a risky approach " and that allowing time for self-evaluation is most important , no matter the gender . To get where he is , personally and professionally , he had to examine and fix his own mindset when it came to love and romance . "  I used to see an ice queen , and I 'd run and impale myself on her cold , bitter heart , " said van Rood , 35 , who 's engaged to be married next year . "  Now I have the loveliest , warmest woman I 've ever met . In helping myself , I 've ended up helping other people . " For 23 years , Janet Page has been offering her own brand of assistance by way of an evening course offered at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia . It was traditionally called "  I Will Be Married in One Year , " but the psychotherapist has changed the course name in recent years to better represent her curriculum and those she wants to reach , including gays and lesbians who ca n't marry : "  Find Your Dream Mate While Finding Yourself : The Twelve-Month Plan . " Too many people are caught up in the fantasy of how love works and happens , she said . They are prepared to work hard on the job or in school , but they have n't done their homework to achieve true and lasting love . Women , for example , think that outward appearances will reel men in , but men do n't give enough attention to how they look , she said . And simple things , like making a conscious effort to smile more often , can make a difference . Get advice from matchmakers on what to wear , where to go "  Women who do n't smile are perceived as hostile . Women perceive men who do n't smile as being unsafe , " Page said . "  But of course , your best smilers in the world are sociopaths , " she added . Though "  love does n't have a time limit on it , " Page said giving people time constraints can be important , especially if what they need to do is some of the hard , looking-within kind of work . If people were told to spend five years on this process , they 'd wait until year four to focus , she said . "  You have to give people deadlines . " And it 's the deadline of 52 weeks that works for Pickett , who had never allowed herself this time to focus on her heart and the search for love . This "  grand effort , " as she calls it , is simply her attempt to see whether she can add to what is already "  a full life " and one that she loves . If she does n't find him by the end of the year , she 's prepared to take a year off to re-evaluate where she is . "  At that point , I 'll probably need a year off from dating , " she said with a laugh .	A woman sets up a Web site for help in her 52-week search to find The One "  Love Guru " and "  Love Doctor " weigh in : Does setting deadlines make sense ? Experts say loving oneself should come first , and fantasies need to go Setting aside time to do self-examination is a , however , a deadline worth making
CNN  -- The question is starting to feel a little old : Whom will Barack Obama pick as his vice president ? Sen. Barack Obama has a big event scheduled Saturday . Will his No. 2 man  or woman  be by his side ? With the clock ticking  the Democratic VP candidate delivers a big speech next Wednesday  the announcement is at most days and at least a few hours away . Everyday seems to be "  the day , " the day the guessing game will finally end . In a poke at all of the VP buzz , the Obama campaign sent an e-mail to reporters Wednesday with the subject line "  Vice presidential ... " The first line of the e-mail : "  Just kidding . " The e-mail contained details about Obama 's schedule with no mention of any of the potential vice presidential candidates . But if the top contenders have any inside information , they 're doing a good job of keeping quiet . Sen. Joe Biden told reporters camped outside his Delaware home Tuesday that it 's not him . "  You got better things to do , guys ; I 'm not the guy , " he said . Asked where he would be Saturday -- when Obama is reportedly scheduled to hold a campaign event in Springfield , Illinois , that may feature his new running mate -- Biden replied , "  here , " pointing to his driveway . He softened up a little later that night , telling reporters , "  I promise you , I do n't know anything . " Along with Biden , Sen. Evan Bayh of Indiana and Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine are considered to be among the top tier of VP contenders . Watch the latest on Obama 's VP selection " Bayh has managed to stay out of the spotlight this week . Does that mean he 's dodging the question ? He hit the Sunday talk show circuit this weekend and tried out the attack dog role , criticizing Republican John McCain for his stance on Georgia , Iraq and national security . When asked about the veepstakes , the former governor said he had "  nothing to report today . " Kaine , on the other hand , seems to have no qualms about taking the main stage this week . A relative newcomer to national politics , Kaine is scheduled to appear alongside Obama on Thursday as the presumptive Democratic nominee campaigns in central Virginia . Could he be introduced as Obama 's No. 2 man ? The pair will host an invitation-only town hall meeting Thursday in Chesterfield County , a suburb of Richmond . Kaine 's sturdy performance in the traditionally conservative Richmond suburbs helped vault him to the governorship in 2005 . Obama has stops scheduled in Virginia on Wednesday and Thursday before returning home to Illinois for the Springfield event , which takes place where he first kicked off his presidential run . The event marks the beginning of a tour of battleground states leading into next week 's convention in Denver , Colorado . The Obama campaign has kept the details on both the timing and selection of the running mate under wraps . They would neither confirm or deny whether Obama would appear with his VP candidate this weekend . iReport.com : Whom do you think Obama should pick ? Although the focus in recent days has been on Bayh , Biden and Kaine , there are quite a few other serious contenders , and a curveball pick could always be in the works . Other big names thought to be in the running include retired Gen. Wesley Clark , New York Sen. Hillary Clinton , Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd , Texas Rep. Chet Edwards , Nebraska Sen. Chuck Hagel , Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , former Georgia Sen. Sam Nunn , Rhode Island Sen. Jack Reed , New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson and Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius . Obama 's campaign says that when he makes up his mind , he 'll send a text message and e-mail to his supporters to let them know who his sidekick will be .	Democratic VP candidate gives big speech next Wednesday at convention Barack Obama 's campaign sends e-mail with subject : "  Vice presidential ... " Evan Bayh , Joe Biden , Tim Kaine considered top tier contenders Obama has big campaign event Saturday ; VP pick could join him
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  What would Katniss do ? The central figure in "  The Hunger Games , " the hit sci-fi series about an oppressed people 's struggle against a totalitarian regime , is being evoked for real , now , in Thailand among university students expressing their opposition to that southeast Asian nation 's military rulers . Several students , from Bangkok to about 450 kilometers  280 miles  away to the northeast , have been detained in recent days after flashing the signature anti-establishment , three-fingered salute from "  The Hunger Games . " By Thursday evening , all of those held had been released , according to lawyers . At that point , according to Human Rights Watch 's Sunai Phasuk , about 100 police and military troops had congregated then at a busy cinema in the Thai capital where "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 1 " was set to debut . ` Prohibited by martial law ' Asked about the arrests of students who flashed the salute and others accused of organizing a protest meeting revolving around the Jennifer Lawrence-starring movie , a government official told CNN that the "  military is working on reducing conflicts from various political groups . " Allowing such political statements , he said , could inflame tensions in the unsettled nation . "  Seeing a movie is a personal thing , and they all have a right to do that , " said Maj. Gen. Sansern Kaewkumnerd . "  But if , after seeing the movie , there are political activities involved , this is prohibited by martial law , which has been imposed since  last May 's  military intervention . " Sansern added , "  If we allow one group to hold political activities , then  other  groups would want to do the same thing . We would never achieve peace and order , which we are trying to restore . " Yet there 's little indication the opposition is going away , nor is there anything like national elections on the immediate horizon suggesting a return to civilian rule . Military takes over in Thailand Opposition uses pop culture Such political turmoil is hardly new to Thailand . Its military has attempted 19 coups -- 12 of them successful -- in the past 80 years . The world , of course , has changed a lot over that time , as have the tools and inspirations of opposition groups . One protest leader , Sombat Boonngamanong , has been especially pivotal in using pop culture references straight out of Hollywood to spread the movement 's message . That includes the story of Katniss Everdeen -- a teenage girl who competes in a spectacle of blood lust known as the Hunger Games and becomes a leader in the revolution against a tyrannical government . A "  Hunger Games " fan club , which consists of university students calling for democracy in Thailand , had planned to meet for the latest film 's showing Thursday at one Bangkok theater . But the showing at that theater and three others that are part of the same Apex chain was canceled -- for "  technical " reasons , according to the chain . Ratthapon Supasopon , from the League of Liberal Thammasart for Democracy , said the theater 's management gave them refunds for tickets they had bought in advance . That meant they could n't watch the movie there , but -- with it opening elsewhere around Thailand -- the group still planned to meet and see the film somewhere else . Some detained students sign agreement A young activist , Bangkok University student Natchacha Kongudom , was taken to a police station and then to a military facility for flashing the Hunger Games salute at a Bangkok cinema , according to her friend Ratthapon . Natchacha was let go hours later , after signing an agreement promising not to take part in future political activities , human rights lawyer Anond Numpa said . Five Khon Kaen University students were asked to sign the same such agreement Thursday , a day after they were detained for eight hours after throwing up the three-fingered salute while wearing shirts bearing the words "  Do n't want a military coup . " Video from CNN affiliate Channel 3 shows students being led away by authorities , a few feet from Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha , after revealing their shirts and holding their fingers aloft . "  It is OK , just gently take them away , we will definitely take care of them , " Prayuth said from a stage , where he was addressing civil servants . "  This just makes things more difficult if we do n't understand each other . " The grinning Prime Minister then elicits laughs by saying , "  Anyone else want to protest ? " Two of the students ending up signing the agreement vowing not to partake in political activities , but the others refused . After intense talks , those three were let go without any conditions -- though by then they did n't want to go home out of fear of the military , according to Phavinee Chumsri , from the group Thai Lawyers for Human Rights . Invited to have an ` attitude adjustment ' Sansern , the military government 's spokesman , said Prayuth -- who was the army 's chief before taking over as prime minister following the May coup -- told him what happened in Khon Kaen was "  very minor " and that he thinks "  they are still very young . " "  When they grow up they will understand in what we are doing , " Sansern said , summarizing Prayuth 's sentiments . As to how the government is handling dissent , the major general insisted the "  military have been very lenient toward these activists . " "  We 'll try to negotiate first , but if they still refuse to listen to us , we 'd try to convince them through their parents , " he said . "  And lastly , we would invite them to have attitude adjustment . " John Sifton , Human Rights Watch 's Asia Advocacy Director , thinks it 's Thailand 's military government that needs an adjustment . "  Life in Thailand is growing more absurd by the day , " he says , and "  all evidence suggests the so-called roadmap to democracy ... is really a roadmap to nowhere . " "  Someone needs to inform General Prayuth that if his system of government is threatened by young people emulating a Hollywood movie , " Sifton adds , "  it is  a  pretty sure sign that things need to change . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	"  Life in Thailand is growing more absurd by the day , " rights advocate says Prime Minister said , "  Anyone else want to protest ? " after students taken away Several students around Thailand detained after flashing "  Hunger Games " salute Official says Thailand 's military government has been "  very lenient " toward activists
CNN  -- Manchester United secured their first victory in this season 's UEFA Champions League with an unconvincing 2-0 victory against Romanian side Otelul Galati at The National Stadium in Bucharest . After a tepid first period the game burst into life in the second half with a string of penalties and red cards following a handball by the Galati defender Sergiu Costin . Wayne Rooney scored from the penalty spot but the relief was short lived . Two minutes later , Manchester United 's Serbian center back Nemanja Vidic was harshly sent off for a high tackle on Gabriel Giurgiu . Galati pushed on but failed to make their numerical supremacy count , with Bratislav Punosevic guilty of missing the target when found unmarked in front of goal . A second red card was flashed , this time for the Romanian side , when Milan Perendija picked up a second yellow card . Deep in injury time Rooney was tripped in the Galati box and awarded a second penalty which he duly dispatched . It was a far from convincing performance from Manchester United , who now sit second in Group C , two points behind Portugal 's Benfica who beat Basel 2-0 in Switzerland . "  We did n't have the penetration first half , " coach Alex Ferguson told the cameras after the game . " -LSB- Wayne Rooney showed -RSB- Composure with his two penalties , he took them well . " He was less convinced by Nemanja Vidic 's red card . "  He 's raised his foot and in the context of the interpretation -LSB- of the rules -RSB- I can see why he -LSB- the referee -RSB- has given it , " he admitted . "  But it 's very harsh . " Manchester City kept up appearances with the neighbors after they too secured their first UEFA Champions League win . City have found life harder in the Champions League compared to the English Premier League - where they are currently top - and soon fell behind to Spanish side Villarreal after Ruben Cani scored within four minutes . A Villarreal own goal leveled the match but Sergio Aguero scored with virtually the last kick of the match to keep City in touch with Group A leaders Bayern Munich , who drew 1-1 with Napoli Real Madrid continued their perfect start to their Group D campaign by thumping French side Lyon 4-0 . Karim Benzema scored against his old club before Sami Khedira , Mesut Ozil and Sergio Ramos completed the rout . With Madrid all but through to the next round Ajax gave their chances of finishing second a boost with a 2-0 victory against Dinamo Zagreb in Croatia . Group B , on the other hand , is much harder to predict . Troubled Inter Milan went top after beating French side Lille on the road thanks to a first half Giampaolo Pazzini strike . Meanwhile CSKA Moscow beat Turkish side Trabzonspor 3-0 . But only four points separate top from bottom at the half way stage .	Manchester United beat Romanian side Otelul Galati 2-0 Wayne Rooney scored two penalties to secure Man Utd 's first Champions League win this season Real Madrid thumped Lyon 4-0 Manchester City score a 90th minute winner to beat Villarreal
Kaufman , Texas  CNN  -- As friends and family attended a private funeral for a Texas prosecutor and his wife who were gunned down in their Kaufman County home , investigators on Friday announced the arrest of a man accused of threatening the safety of a deputy district attorney . The news came after word that police were searching for a person who called in a bomb threat during the visitation Thursday night for Kaufman County District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , at a church in Wortham.The call was made about 6:30 p.m. after the bodies were returned to the church from a public memorial service in Sunnyvale . The news of the arrest and the bomb threat come as federal , state and local authorities search for suspects in the unsolved killings of the county 's district attorney and his chief felony prosecutor , who was killed almost two months earlier . The McLellands ' bodies were discovered on March 30 at their home , almost exactly two months after McLelland 's chief felony prosecutor , Mark Hasse , was killed in a daytime shooting outside the county courthouse . Authorities have been working to determine whether the killings of McLelland and Hasse are connected , scouring their case files and interviewing colleagues for help with potential leads . A day before his body was discovered , McLelland voiced concern about the safety of his staff when he stopped by Helz Firearms , a local gun shop . "  He was in there ... asking about what he should get his co-workers as self-protection , " said O'Neil Kidwill , the gun shop owner . "  I recommended the 38 Smith & Wesson snub nose and perhaps a bulletproof vest . He said he already talked to some of the people about the vest , and he would tell them about the revolvers . " The 63-year-old county district attorney did n't give any indication that he felt personally threatened , only worried for his employees . "  He was concerned for them . For himself , he was at ease , " Kidwell said . But sometime after he left the gun shop , something happened . The couple 's bodies were found inside their home in Kaufman County . They had been shot at least a dozen times , a law enforcement official , who had been briefed on the investigation , told CNN this week . The official was not authorized to publicly release details of the investigation . While authorities have not publicly named any suspects or a potential motive in the cases , Kaufman sheriff 's deputies arrested two men this week and accused them of threatening the safety of public officials . On Friday , the sheriff 's office said it charged Robert Alan Miller , 52 , of Terrell , Texas , with one count of making a terroristic threat . Officials said he threatened a deputy district attorney in a posting on a news website . Miller , who was arrested Thursday , is being held at the Kaufman County Jail on $ 1 million bail , according to the sheriff 's office . Earlier , authorities arrested Nick Morale , 56 , on one charge of making a terroristic threat after he allegedly threatened a county official . An arrest affidavit alleges that Morale called the county 's Crime Stoppers tip line on Monday afternoon , saying a county official "  would be the next victim . " Authorities said there is nothing to link Miller or Morale to the killing of the McLellands or Hasse . They have declined to release the names of those who were threatened . George Howell reported from Kaufman , Texas ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Mike McLelland asked about guns for his staff before his death Robert Alan Miller , 52 , of Terrell , Texas , is accused of threatening a prosecutor Miller is being held on $ 1,000,000 bail Authorities say there is no connection between Miller and the killings
The story has all the traits of a career-ending political scandal : A congressman who recently snagged a top position in party leadership faces accusations that he addressed a hate group run by a notorious white supremacist . And all of that , just a week before his party is set to take the reigns of power in Congress . But the fast rising career of Republican Rep. Steve Scalise , who was tapped as House Majority Whip this summer , may not be in the ditches just yet . There 's a lot to keep track of . Here 's what you need to know : So what happened ? It turns out Scalise addressed an anti-Semitic , white supremacist group back in 2002 run by none other than David Duke , a former grand wizard of the Klu Klux Klan who is well-known in Scalise 's home state of Louisiana because of several statewide campaigns for governor and senator . A liberal Louisiana politics blogger revealed the encounter with the European-American Unity and Rights Organization  EURO  after finding an account of Scalise 's speech to the group on a white supremacist forum . The group is bad news for Scalise : it 's been labeled as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center , which details the group 's anti-semitic , racist views . The next day , reporters in D.C. were asking Scalise 's office about the meeting and after aides first said it was "  probable " and then "  likely " the congressman spoke to the group , Scalise broke his silence in an interview with his local paper , The Times-Picayune of New Orleans . He said he did n't remember specifically addressing EURO , but said that at the time he "  went and spoke to any group that called " in 2002 when he was trying to drum up support in opposing a state tax plan . And then Scalise released the ultimate mea culpa statement Tuesday afternoon , calling his appearance at the event "  a mistake I regret . " "  One of the many groups that I spoke to regarding this critical legislation was a group whose views I wholeheartedly condemn . It was a mistake I regret , " Scalise said . Democrats must be eager to disrupt the Republican leadership . So given his admission , why is n't he at greater risk of losing his leadership position ? Republicans have a lot at stake here and just months after solidifying a new leadership and days before taking on new-found power in Washington , keeping Scalise in the ranks as whip is the ideal for GOP leaders . And details of Scalise 's appearance at the hate group 's forum are n't giving too much credence to the theory that Scalise is a closeted bigot . And Scalise is touting his Catholic faith as a reason he would n't associate with white supremacists . They do n't usually like Catholics either . With only one aide on his staff , Scalise conceded the regular vetting process fell through . And Kenny Knight , a longtime advisor to Duke , said he invited Scalise  who was his neighbor at the time  personally and insisted in an interview with the Washington Post that "  I do n't think Scalise knew anything about EURO . " Knight said he and Scalise were friendly and Scalise knew him as the head of "  our civic association , " but that they "  would n't talk about race or the Jewish question . " Sounds like the dots would n't have been too hard for Scalise to connect given Duke 's notoriety . How could Scalise survive this scandal ? While national Democrats have their targets set on Scalise -- including one statement from House Democrats ' campaign arm that "  Scalise chose to cheerlead for a group of KKK members and neo-Nazis " -- Scalise is getting some much-needed relief from a diverse group of fellow Louisiana politicos . The state 's Indian American Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal was quick to fire off a statement calling Scalise "  a good man " and expressing his confidence that Scalise "  absolutely rejects racism in all its forms . " And Democrats from the bayou state also rose to Scalise 's defense . African-American Rep. Cedric Richmond , who will be the only Democrat from the state serving in Congress starting next week , jumped to Scalise 's defense and said he would not "  let them use Steve as a scapegoat to score political points . " Former Louisiana Gov. Edwin Edwards told the New York Times "  sometimes you end up in front of these groups through no fault of your own " and the state 's former Sen. Bennett Johnston said he knows Scalise did n't mean to address the white supremacist group . "  While it is sometimes fun to see Republicans in trouble , you 'd be wrong to blame Representative Steve Scalise for being racist on account of addressing a meeting of European-American Unity and Rights Organization ` EURO ' in 2002 , " Johnston , who is now a lobbyist in Washington , said in a statement . "  I know a lot about David Duke , who ran against me for the Senate in 1990 , but I never knew that the ` EURO ' was a racist organization . I may disagree with Representative Scalise but a racist he is not . Nor would he have been stupid enough to knowingly address a racist group . " What about Republican leadership ? Are they putting a little skin in the game to save their pal ? It looks that way . After about a day and a half of scrutiny and speculation , Scalise 's superiors in the House Republican leadership showed their support for their now-embattled whip . House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement Scalise has his "  full confidence " as whip despite making "  an error in judgment , " followed shortly by a similar statement by his No. 2 , Rep. Kevin McCarthy . Scalise brings back Boehner 's familiar right flank hangover But wait , are n't there some questions about whether Scalise actually even attended the event , after all ? Remember Kenny Knight 's account to the Post about the event ? Knight has since changed his story considerably in his latest interviews with several media outlets . Knight told Slate that Scalise actually spoke to the local civic association in the same hotel space as the EURO meeting , before that meeting started . And in subsequent interviews with other reporters , details in Knight 's recollection of the event 12 years ago have cropped up or changed . Is there anything else we should know about Scalise 's past in regards to race relations ? Scalise voted twice against making Martin Luther King , Jr. . Day a state holiday in 1999 and 2004 as a state legislator . And in 1997 he voted against a bill prohibiting hate crimes based on race , class or sexual orientation , Politico reported . Scalise is and has clearly been aware of David Duke 's white supremacist views , but that 's not what he pointed to as the "  first and most important thing " in a 1999 interview with Roll Call about why Duke would n't make a good congressional candidate . "  The novelty of David Duke has worn off , " Scalise . "  The voters in this district are smart enough to realize that they need to get behind someone who not only believes in the issues they care about , but also can get elected . Duke has proven that he ca n't get elected , and that 's the first and most important thing . " And New Orleans Advocate politics blogger Stephanie Grace says that Scalise once told her he was like David Duke without the baggage .	Rep. Steve Scalise is the House Majority Whip and a Republican from Louisiana He 's embroiled in a scandal after it was reported he spoke at a White supremacist gathering Leadership and some homestate pols have continued to support him National Democrats however are n't showing any signs of letting this incident go
CNN  -- Every few days since the start of the school year , Scott Bedley has posted a message on Twitter , looking for classes around the country that might want to meet his . His California fifth-graders are hoping to video chat with students from all 50 states and other parts of the world . It 's part of the geography game , Mystery Skype : Students gather before a computer and try to deduce each other 's locations by asking questions and consulting maps . By early January , Bedley had found several teachers in other states . Then , he received a message from a film director , asking to shoot his class during a Mystery Skype session . Bedley was a little wary -- who sends a request like that to a public school teacher ? -- but after a flurry of OKs from parents and Irvine Unified School District leaders , a camera crew arrived . They shot students on both sides of the screen : His students at Plaza Vista Elementary School , and a class from Mexico City . Bedley was delighted ; it was his class ' first foray into international Mystery Skype , and the video might train and inspire other teachers . Maybe , he thought , it would show up on YouTube some time . About two weeks later , he received a text message that said there were , in fact , plans for the footage . It would be in a commercial -- one that would air during the Super Bowl . The revelation was so short-notice , Bedley was calling parents the morning of the big game to suggest they watch . Until he saw it , he was n't even sure it could be real . But when Microsoft 's one-minute "  Empowering " ad debuted , there was former NFLer Steve Gleason narrating over footage of a boy romping on prosthetic legs , a woman hearing her children for the first time , a military member witnessing his baby 's birth over a computer -- and Bedley 's students , waving hello . Weeks after the commercial aired , Bedley still seems dumbfounded . "  You just do n't think they 're going to come film you for a Super Bowl commercial , " Bedley laughs . But those couple of seconds , seen by a record-breaking Super Bowl audience and more than 3.5 million so far on YouTube , are just a sliver of what it 's like to be Bedley 's students . Here 's a peek at the real classroom behind the commercial and the teacher at its helm : He 's willing to take risks Bedley has been teaching for 20 years , 10 of them to fifth-graders , and was named one of the teachers of the year for 2014 in Orange County , California . He says he 's a risk-taker inspired by his father , a long-time educator , and his brother , a teacher of the year for nearby Riverside County in 2013 . "  I 've always been kind of an explorer , somebody that tries some different things , " Bedley said . He 's been lucky to have supportive administrators , he said , but he 's also got results to back him up . As he 's taken more creative approaches in the classroom , test scores have risen -- and his students like it , too . Take Mystery Skype : It was n't his idea , but as soon as he read about it , he knew it could hit several state standards his students needed to learn . There could be glitches and pitfalls , but if they 're going to learn geography , why not try it this way ? "  Just drilling them , that 's not always the best in my mind , as far as teaching pedagogy , " Bedley said . "  I wanted to expose and connect them with kids all over the United States . " Each time they run the exercise , students are assigned particular jobs : Among them , a "  think tank " tracks maps , fact-checkers confirm what 's said , note-takers and runners make sure everyone has the information they need , and "  on-camera talent " asks and answers questions . A student supervisor watches the whole process and looks for ways they can improve next time . A reporter-blogger documents the process . "  Organized chaos , " Bedley calls it . He rarely appears on camera . The whole thing takes about 20 minutes and touches on critical thinking and problem-solving his students need , not to mention geography know-how . Students ' questions have gotten better as they 've practiced more , and they 've actually added new rules to make it tougher : No more Googling and guessing based on a city name they spotted in the other classroom . So far , it 's working . "  They 'll go home and research on their own , without assigning homework or anything , " Bedley said . His students just finished their 17th state , Minnesota . As a reward for all their hard work , they 've recently earned a class pet .  A huge , sometimes smelly , risk , any educator will agree . It 's a tan hamster . Bedley 's students named him Hashtag . Do n't call him a ` techie ' Bedley can understand why teachers and schools are wary of the latest-and-greatest technology : They 've heard it all before . "  The technology that was being provided for schools to use to help kids learn was disastrous . We were limited to word processing or ` Oregon Trail , ' " he said of his early years in education . "  The tools available for teachers now are what I wish I would have had my first year teaching . " Now , he 's got BYOD  bring your own device  classrooms where students can use cell phones , iPods , tablets or laptops from home , as long as they 've passed a course on how to use them appropriately . They have access to a few school computers , and Bedley has raised money or landed grants for big-ticket items , such as iPads , netbooks , a webcam and a desktop computer for the classroom . "  I know  my district  would want to provide the funds , they just do n't have them , " he said . Like a lot of teachers , he relies on free tools , too . He first tried using Skype in 2009 , when budget reductions cut back on arts education for his students . He connected his classroom with working artists in other parts of the country , so they could still had a chance to learn . Last year , his students Skyped with docents from Fort Meigs , a War of 1812 battlefield in Ohio . When they revealed the armory , "  the kids just gasped , " he said . "  Those kinds of moments just drive me to find more learning opportunities . " He 's one of nearly 78,000 teachers using Skype in the classroom , the company reports . Sometimes , yes , there are glitches , technical failures and lessons that do n't go as planned . Often , he can just hop on Twitter to ask for help , and another teacher will offer up lessons from their own experiences . "  I take little steps to integrate technology , " Bedley said . "  I do n't consider myself a techie at all . " He sees opportunities now Exploring , risk-taking -- it 's actually easier than it used to be , Bedley said . As his school shifts from its former curriculum to the Common Core standards , there 's a lot of room for creativity and experimentation in teaching , he said . He teaches science , writing and history , and he 'll make sure the material is covered , but he likes to give students options to show what they 've learned . When they studied the body 's organ systems , students could take a traditional test , or create an infographic using Piktochart software , or record a lesson for another student . They had to share everything they knew about , say , the nervous system . Some students spoke for 10 minutes , and sometimes recalled facts Bedley said even he could n't remember . "  A lot of it aligns with how they best learn -- they learned way above and beyond , " Bedley said . "  They felt like they were experts . " He works outside his classtime , too . With his brother , he hosts an online talk show dedicated to education innovation , the Bedley Bros. #EdChat Show . A couple of years ago , he created the Technology Applied Science Fair , a souped-up science fair that asks kids to identify problems and solve them . Since it launched , it has expanded from his school to 10 . One student designed a social network for charities in India to share extra resources . Another couple of students , "  great kids who always forget their glasses , " created a program that would automatically adjust computer screens so they could read , no matter what . "  It 's all on my own . If you look at the innovations going on , it 's teacher-driven activities , " Bedley said . "  I love that there are some incredible educators out there , teachers and principals taking the lead rather than letting people outside of education define what we do . "  I really , honestly believe we 're in a time that 's going to redefine education . " Are you feeling optimistic about the education your children are receiving ? Tell us why in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	California teacher Scott Bedley 's class was featured in Microsoft 's Super Bowl ad Bedley teaches fifth-grade history , writing and science at Plaza Vista School The class uses Mystery Skype for geography lessons and other technology Bedley : "  I really , honestly believe we 're in a time that 's going to redefine education "
CNN  -- In a region known for its towering skyscrapers , the erection of a modestly-sized greenhouse might not appear worthy of much attention . But this small construction site near the coast in Qatar 's Mesaieed Industrial City could help transform the landscape forever , says its developers , turning desert land into flourishing centers of food and freshwater production . The $ 5.3 million , one-hectare pilot plant opens later this month and is a major milestone of the Sahara Forest Project  SFP  -- a concept that has been developed by a Norwegian company since 2008 . The facility -- built in partnership with fertilizer companies Yara International and Qafco -- will feature a range of green technologies including concentrated solar power  CSP  , photovoltaic panels and a saltwater-cooled greenhouse that mimics the hydrological cycle . Michael Pawlyn , a British architect specializing in sustainable design and founding member of the project , says bringing together clusters of synergistic technologies creates a new paradigm . "  At the start of the project , we were very conscious that a lot of people proposed single solutions addressing one issue at a time , be it water shortage , desertification , climate change . We were very keen to develop integrated solutions that address multiple challenges simultaneously , " Pawlyn said . Infographic : the price of nature "  If you compare man-made systems with eco-systems there are some quite striking differences . We tend to create simple , disconnected , linear systems . Ecosystems are complex , interconnected and interdependent . " This interconnectedness is in evidence throughout the plant 's design . Electricity from CSP helps power pumps bringing seawater to the site where it is used to condition air inside the greenhouse . The effect is achieved by trickling seawater over porous cardboard screens -- called evaporators -- which cool and humidify the dry desert air , creating a favorable growing environment for crops . Some of the evaporated seawater inside the greenhouse also condenses creating freshwater , which will be used to irrigate plants . Any saltwater that ca n't be evaporated is put to use elsewhere , says Pawlyn . "  The saltwater going out of the greenhouses will go to the CSP to cool it -- which makes it more efficient -- and then it will go to the evaporator ` hedges ' which create good growing conditions for crops outside and revegetate areas of desert , " he said . The remainder will end up in salt ponds where various compounds -- sodium chloride , gypsum , calcium carbonate -- can be extracted and potentially commercialized . The opening of the pilot plant is scheduled to coincide with the upcoming United Nations Climate Conference  COP18  which this year takes place in Doha from November 26 to December 7 . It was three years ago at the U.N. 's COP15 conference in Copenhagen that the SFP presented their first feasibility study to the world . It was one of the high points at talks which were widely viewed to have failed and has continued to gain the enthusiastic backing of environmental and political leaders . Olav Kjorven , assistant secretary-general of the U.N. Development Program has called it "  a gold standard , " while Qatar 's Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani believes the project could help improve food security in the Middle East . "  I think this will not be important only to Qatar , but to the whole region and elsewhere where they have the same climate as Qatar , " Al Thani said in a statement . The plant will be open long after U.N. delegates have left town operating for at least a year , possibly two , Pawlyn says , so that all the systems can be thoroughly assessed and optimized . Larger projects look likely to follow the plant in Qatar with a 200-hectare site in Jordan slated for development . Pawlyn believes this is only the start , with certain areas of the world particularly well-suited to the project . Almeria in southern Spain -- with its 20,000 hectares of greenhouses -- is one perhaps and the Qattara Depression , which covers around 7,000 square miles  18,100 square km  of land below sea level in northeast Egypt , is another . "  By bringing these technologies together  we can  address some major problems -- create zero-carbon food in some of the most water-stressed parts of the planet , produce abundant renewable energy , revegetage deserts ... as well as providing food and livelihoods for large numbers of people in parts of the world that are really going to be suffering from climate change over the course of the next few decades . "	Pioneering scheme to turn desert back into green , profitable land trialed in Qatar Sahara Forest Project testing technology on one-hectare site in Mesaieed Industrial City , south of Doha Pilot project using seawater greenhouses and concentrated solar power
CNN  -- No country has a higher life expectancy than Monaco -- and it 's not even close . The average life expectancy in the tiny European principality is 89.73 years , according to the CIA World Factbook . That 's a full five years more than Macau , which was second on the list at 84.41 . It 's also 10 years more than the United States , which comes in at No. 49 with an average life expectancy of 78.37 . The world average is 67.07 . Twenty-nine nations have life expectancies over 80 , but there are also eight under 50 . It might not be surprising that Afghanistan  45.02  is part of that eight . The rest are African countries , including last-place Angola  38.76  , which is still rebuilding from a 27-year civil war that ended in 2002 . Angola also has the highest crude death rate in the world , with 23.4 deaths a year for every 1,000 people , the CIA World Factbook says . More comparisons Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ? Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	Monaco has highest life expectancy in world at 89.73 , CIA World Factbook says Average life expectancy in world is 67.07 years ; the United States is 78.37 years Angola ranks last in life expectancy at 38.76 , CIA World Factbook says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An eighth-grade girl was awarded Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize Thursday for her online diary reporting on the Taliban 's ban on education for girls . Malala Yousufzai , a resident of Swat Valley in northwest Pakistan -- one of the most conservative regions of the country -- wrote about her frustration with the Taliban 's restrictions on female education in her town . Using the Internet , she reached out to the outside world , taking a stand by writing about her daily battle with extremist militants who used fear and intimidation to force girls to stay at home . "  I was scared of being beheaded by the Taliban because of my passion for education , " Yousufzai told CNN . "  During their rule , the Taliban used to march into our houses to check whether we were studying or watching television . " Yousufzai said she used to hide her books under her bed , fearing a house search by the Taliban . Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani announced the award Thursday , which also comes with a 500,000 rupee  $ 5,780  prize . He directed Pakistan 's Cabinet to award the national prize every year to a child younger than 18 who contributes to peace and education in the country , a statement from his office said . Yousufzai , 14 , was also one of the five nominees chosen from 42 countries for the International Children 's Peace Prize for 2011 . That award , presented by Nobel laureate Mairead Maguire Monday , went to 17-year-old Michaela Mycroft of South Africa , for her "  commitment to the rights of children with disabilities , " a statement from that prize foundation said . The International Children 's Peace Prize is awarded annually to a child whose courage and remarkable acts have made a difference in countering problems faced by children around the world . Although Yousufzai did n't win that prize , she said she would still "  fight for girls ' education and work toward creating a society where girls can be educated freely . " She also has big plans for the future . "  I want to be a political leader , as this country needs honest and true leaders , " she told CNN . Swat remained under Taliban control for years until 2009 , when the military cleared it in an operation that also sparked the evacuation of thousands of families . Journalist Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	Yousufzai used to hide her books under her bed , fearing a Taliban search She lives in the Swat Valley , one of the country 's most conservative areas The 14-year-old was also a nominee for an international peace prize
Washington  CNN  -- A new report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office has found "  challenges " in securing thousands of pieces of radiological equipment spread throughout the United States that could become parts of a deadly "  dirty bomb . " The materials , used in the oil , gas , aerospace , and food sterilization industries , can include everything from portable cameras that scan pipe welds to large research equipment . "  In the hands of terrorists , these sources could be used to produce a simple and crude , but potentially dangerous weapon , known as a radiological dispersal device or dirty bomb , " David Trimble , the GAO 's director of natural resources and environment , wrote in the report . There are 4,162 containers of industrial radiological material spread among 498 licensees in the United States , according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . The material can be as small as a grain of rice or rods that are several inches long . To evaluate security , investigators visited 33 industrial sites that use radiological sources in California , Colorado , Hawaii , Pennsylvania , Texas and Wyoming over the last two years . An open door and fences that did not go all the way to the ceiling were found at one location . "  The NRC inspector told us that the licensee was in compliance with NRC 's security controls because the sources were secured through other measures -- such as locks and a motion detector , " Trimble wrote in the report . "  The inspector told us that while the security measures in place were not optimal , there were no apparent security violations . " Unsecured skylights were found at nine of the 33 sites visited , but the NRC inspector told the GAO those did not pose a security vulnerability because the radiological sources were locked in other containers . At oil and gas facilities , the GAO found an apparent loophole that allows companies to place radiological material in separate containers in the same room , thus avoiding stricter regulations than would apply if the material were considered "  collocated " in the same container . When evaluating trucks equipped to carry portable devices that use the radiological material , the GAO found a wide variety of methods used to secure the material , ranging from high-security locks and alarms to simple padlocks and an army surplus container chained to a floor . Four trucks with radiological sources have been stolen since 2005 , the GAO found . All but one of the devices were recovered . "  Officials at seven of the 33 licensees we reviewed said that they have granted unescorted access to high-risk radiological sources to individuals with criminal histories , " the GAO found . In two of the cases , the workers had serious criminal records , including one who was convicted of making terroristic threats against another person . Several efforts are underway to increase radiological security , but the GAO found that "  agencies that play a role in nuclear and radiological security are not effectively collaborating to achieve the common mission of securing mobile industrial sources . " The GAO recommended that agencies work together to provide security , seek input from companies using the radiological material , reconsider collocation rules and evaluate when someone with a criminal history is given unescorted access to radiological material . The NRC and the National Nuclear Security Administration generally agreed with all of the recommendations . Declassified report : Two nuclear bombs nearly wiped out North Carolina	Investigators visited 33 sites in California , Colorado , Hawaii , Pennsylvania , Texas , Wyoming Door , fencing , worker criminal histories , lack of agency collaboration criticized GAO recommends that agencies work together to provide security , seek companies ' input
CNN  -- Not content to sit quietly at home eating their tofu cutlets , more and more vegetarians , it seems , are taking action , trying to get the carnivorous masses to change their ways . Of course , the meat-free have been trying to win people over to their cause since the time of Pythagoras . But lately , activists are trying more in-your-face tactics . For Lierre Keith , author of "  The Vegetarian Myth , " the "  in-your-face " part is quite literal . A former vegetarian who has publicly recanted , she was lecturing in San Francisco , California , last week , when three masked assailants shouted "  Go vegan ! " and lobbed chili pepper-laced pies at her . Even in hard-core vegan circles -- which exclude using animal-based products for food , clothing , medicine or any other purpose -- such borderline-violent exploits are controversial . More common is the approach of folks like newly converted talk show host Ellen Degeneres , who has been sharing recipes for vegan nachos along with her philosophy . Still , recipes only go so far . And , more to the point , they do n't get as much media attention . For many vegan and vegetarian activists , getting coverage is an art . PETA If you 've ever read about a particularly outrageous pro-vegetarian campaign , there 's a good chance that People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals was behind it . The folks at PETA seem to be firm believers in the idea that "  all media attention is good media attention , " and the more shocking or ridiculous the stunt , the more media outlets will pick up the story . PETA was laughed at when it tried to rebrand fish as "  sea kittens , " in hopes that the more cuddly name would make seafood a less appealing mealtime choice . It was criticized for the suggestion that recently deceased Oscar G. Mayer should be buried with his company 's hot dog-shaped Wienermobile . After British celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay cooked up horse meat on his show , PETA UK dumped a ton of manure outside his London restaurant . Plenty of ecological activists cringe at these kinds of prankish maneuvers , but they do get noticed . And that , apparently , is the point . Why else would PETA organize an army of zombies to protest outside of KFC restaurants ? Not content to oppose meat-eating in the real world , PETA also took a swipe at virtual carnivorousness : In response to the Nintendo DS game "  Cooking Mama , " the group released its own bloody version . And , as anyone who 's seen its anti-fur posters knows , PETA is well aware that sex sells . The group got the granddaughter of Argentinean revolutionary Che Guevara to pose wearing nothing but a bandolier filled with carrots . Last , year PETA proposed a too-racy-for-TV "  vegetarians have better sex " Super Bowl commercial , guaranteeing plenty of coverage when -- surprise ! -- NBC rejected the ad . PETA also brings its soft-core approach to the streets with its "  Lettuce Ladies " campaign : young models , clad in a few strategically placed leaves , handing out veggie hot dogs . The group has enlisted Pamela Anderson and Elizabeth Berkley to pose for the Lettuce Ladies Web site  find it yourself  -- probably the best thing that 's happened to their careers in years . Is there tofu wresting ? Yes , there is tofu wrestling . Casa Diablo PETA is not alone in combining feminine pulchritude and an anti-meat agenda . A couple of years back , Portland , Oregon , resident Johnny Diablo got a bunch of media attention when he opened Casa Diablo , the world 's first vegan strip club . Serving veggie burgers with a side of nudity  or maybe the other way around  might seem to be just a publicity stunt .  The fact that Diablo tried to put the club up for sale shortly after opening would seem to suggest that . But Mr. Diablo is an earnest vegan himself , and he 's apparently retained ownership of Casa Diablo , though reviews -- of both the cuisine and the more fleshy attractions -- are decidedly mixed . McVegan As the most public face of our carnivorous culture , McDonald 's is a popular target of vegetarian activism . Back in 1985 , the London branch of Greenpeace declared October 16 World Anti-McDonald 's Day , and every year since , there have been protests and rallies all over the globe . The group Vegan Action , founded by Berkeley students in 1993 , has come up with a gentler -- and tastier -- way to combat the ubiquity of the golden arches . With its help , you can host your own "  McVegan " event . There will be veggie burgers , there will be uniformed servers , and there will even be a costumed clown mascot -- Reggie McVeggie , "  Ronald 's kinder brother . " The slogan : "  Billions and billions saved . " Vegan Avengers Even a green group like Friends of the Earth is n't safe from vegan wrath . Last year , the group hosted a comedy night at the Hammersmith Apollo in London , only to have the event crashed by masked activists wearing enormous artificial testicles . They called themselves the "  Vegan Avengers , " and their crude slogan suggested that the middle-of-the-road members of FoE should grow a similar pair by supporting veganism . The Avengers have not been heard from since their single appearance .	For many vegan and vegetarian activists , getting media attention is an art PETA seems to firmly believe that "  all media attention is good media attention " Manure dumping , zombies , vegan strip club have been used to further the anti-meat cause
CNN  -- With Halloween just around the corner , the weather is giving the northeastern quarter of the United States a taste of the chills to come this winter . A wintery cold front plunging down from Canada is shoving America 's fall weather down toward the Gulf of Mexico and replacing it with frost and in some places snow . Jack Frost is nipping at noses in the Midwest , where temperatures are 10 to 15 degrees colder than average , the National Weather Service says . Thursday night temperatures are predicted to fall into the 20s , and residents from Missouri to Pennsylvania will need to unpack their ice scrapers for their morning commutes , along with winter coats . A belt of hard freezes threatens crops , as it stretches to farmland in the Ohio and Mississippi River valleys , extending possibly into the Carolinas and north Georgia . Moisture from the Great Lakes is predicted to combine with the cold weather to produce snow in areas downwind . Residents of Columbus , Ohio , and Baraboo , Wisconsin , watched flurries come down on Wednesday . Western New York state may see as much as a foot of snowfall in the coming days , but high temperatures will rise into the 40s , making it hard for much of it to stick . The World Series will not turn into a hockey match , but the brisk blast began rolling into Boston 's Fenway Park in time for Game 1 . The first pitch sliced through 48-degree air , making it the third-coldest start to the baseball championship . The blanket of frigid air should roll down over the mountain states by early next week , triggering sleet and snow , the weather service said . An early blizzard in South Dakota killed tens of thousands of heads of cattle and displaced thousands more in early October . A cold snap blindsided ranchers and caught cattle before their winter coats had grown out .	Temperatures in the Midwest are 10 to 15 degrees colder than average , weather service says A belt of freeze and frost is covering a swath from Missouri to Pennsylvania Early freezing temperatures could endanger crops in the Midwest and Southeast The first pitch in first game of the World Series cut through cold air
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's competition watchdog has ordered airport operator BAA to sell three of its seven airports , including two in London . BAA must sell Gatwick Airport first . BAA must sell Gatwick and Stansted airports in London and either Edinburgh or Glasgow airports in Scotland within two years , the Competition Commission said Thursday . In publishing its decision Thursday , the commission said the sale of the airports will encourage competition "  where today there is no competition at all . " BAA owns seven airports in the United Kingdom , including London 's Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted . The Competition Commission says there are competition problems at all seven airports , with adverse consequences for passengers and airlines . Finding new owners for the three airports will result in lower prices and improved customer service , said Christopher Clarke , chairman of the study . All three must have separate buyers , the commission said . "  The precise pace and the precise ways in which the benefits from such competition will emerge may be uncertain , but we are confident that the benefits will build over time , driven by the momentum of the development of competition , and will be significant , " Clarke said . In London , for instance , BAA 's ownership of three airports prevents them from building more capacity and keeps prices high , the commission said . "  The intensity of price competition may initially be limited by current capacity constraints and price controls , but these constraints are themselves at least in part the result of common ownership , " the commission said . BAA said it acknowledged the need to change but did not agree with all of the commission 's findings . "  We believe the commission 's analysis is flawed and its remedies may be impractical in current economic conditions , " BAA said in a statement , adding it needs more time to consider the report before responding further . Carrier Virgin Atlantic , a longtime critic of BAA 's ownership of the airports , welcomed the commission 's decision . "  It will undoubtedly benefit consumers , " said airline spokesman Paul Charles . "  Better airport facilities in the UK and lower prices will be the result . ... The important next step is to ensure that there is adequate oversight of the divestment process . " BAA must sell the airports in sequence , beginning with Gatwick -- which went up for sale in September -- then Stansted and then either Edinburgh or Glasgow , the commission said . The Competition Commission is an independent public group that investigates mergers , markets and regulated industries . The Office of Fair Trading , a government department , asked the commission to look into airport competition in March 2007 . The once-state owned BAA , which used to be known as the British Airports Authority , was privatized in 1986 and floated on the stock market in 1987 . It is now owned by Spanish property group Ferrovial .	UK airport operator BAA told to sell 3 of its 7 airports , including two in London Britain 's competition watchdog said sale of airports will encourage competition BAA must sell airports in sequence , beginning with Gatwick then Stansted
CNN  -- Guatemala 's government has declared a state of siege and sent hundreds of troops to a northern province where officials say a Mexican drug gang is overtaking towns and threatening residents . President Alvaro Colom announced the 30-day emergency rule in Alta Verapaz on Sunday . The rule allows the military to order anyone suspected of conspiring against the government to be arrested and imprisoned without a warrant , the state-run AGN news agency said . "  Starting today , combined forces will retake the streets of Alta Verapaz , " a government statement released Sunday morning said . Government data shows cells of the drug gang known as Los Zetas are in the area to protect drug trafficking paths between Honduras and Mexico , "  intimidating the population with their heavy weapons and threatening farmers to give up their land for criminal activities , " AGN reported . The state of siege also allows the government to place greater restrictions on public gatherings , travel visas and gun licenses , among other things , according to AGN . "  The population should be calm . What we are doing is not intended to persecute honest , working people , " Interior Minister Carlos Menocal told reporters . Menocal said operations in the coming days would aim to boost regional security , regain control of territory , identify criminal gangs and capture their members . In an interview with CNN en Espanol last month , Menocal said his country needed more help from the United States to combat cartels , which were increasingly carving out new drug transport paths . "  In the end , the large majority of drugs travel through Central America , and the assignment of resources or the financial support of the United States government is not the same as Colombia and Mexico receive , " he said . Menocal said clashes between authorities and Los Zetas had notably increased . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration describes Los Zetas as "  a group of Mexican military deserters ... who have kidnapped , tortured , and murdered -- including beheadings -- of law enforcement officials , innocent citizens , informants , and rival drug gangs . " A report released by the Stratfor global intelligence company last week said Los Zetas have also "  long been active in human smuggling , oil theft , extortion and contract enforcement . " Corruption and violence are high in Guatemala , according to the United Nations , which created a committee in 2006 to investigate those issues there . Carlos Castresana , the former head of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala , announced his resignation earlier this year because he felt the country had not made enough reforms to its justice system . More than 200,000 people have been killed in the nation since 1970 , mostly as a result of organized crime , drug-trade violence and a 36-year civil war that ended in 1996 . CNN 's Miguel Escalona contributed to this report .	30-day state of siege allows the military to arrest suspects without a warrant Government data says Los Zetas have overtaken parts of Alta Verapaz province Country 's interior minister says the goal is regaining control of territory Los Zetas led by Mexican military deserters and known for violence , DEA says
London  CNN  -- British Foreign Secretary William Hague pledged Thursday to help Libya improve human rights and boost stability , as rights groups and analysts warned that urgent action is needed to tackle the problem of lawless militia groups . Libya has achieved much in the year since the start of the popular uprisings that helped bring Moammar Gadhafi 's 42-year rule to an end , Hague said in a statement , but challenges remain . Chief among them is how to deal with the many armed groups that took part in the uprising and now continue to exercise power , analysts say . Rights group Amnesty International said in a report Thursday that armed militias are committing human rights abuses with impunity , threatening to destabilize the country and hindering its efforts to rebuild . Detainees at 10 facilities used by militia in central and western Libya told representatives from Amnesty International this year that they had been tortured or abused , and at least 12 detainees held by militias have died after being tortured since September , the human rights group said . The Libyan authorities have not effectively investigated the torture allegations , it added . Hague said Britain would host a conference in the spring to look at ways the government "  can take urgent steps to implement commitments made on upholding human rights and ensure reports of detainee abuse are being addressed . " It will also provide "  practical expertise to promote the rule of law , " he said , with British experts offering advice to the interior ministry , Libyan police and lawyers . Britain will also fund a six-month program to engage young people in civic society , Hague said . "  The work to rebuild Libya is just beginning and there are undoubtedly challenges ahead . But it is important to remember what has been achieved , " he said . However , the armed groups -- mostly made up of young men without regular jobs -- are showing little inclination to give up their weapons , analysts say . Jane Kinninmont , an analyst for the London-based think tank Chatham House , said the militias were one of the main challenges the National Transitional Council , the country 's transitional government , now faces as it tries to extend its authority . "  They are far more important than alleged remnants of pro-Gadhafi forces -- there are more of them , they can legitimately claim that they helped in the revolution , and indeed they can argue that they did more to remove Gadhafi in practical terms than the lawyers and academics that are running the NTC , " she told CNN via e-mail . Kinninmont said militia members now need jobs if they are to be integrated into civic society . "  Most of those jobs will probably have to come from the public sector in the first instance , as Libya is an extremely state-dominated economy , " she said , adding that an estimated 70 % of the workforce is employed by the state at present . "  Of course , westerners are advising Libya to focus on diversifying the economy away from oil and reduce dependence on the public sector , but realistically the experience of other oil exporters in the region suggests this will take a long time , " she said . However , the government has made faster progress than many expected in terms of restoring the functioning of the economy , she said , and oil money could help with the reintegration of former fighters . Noman Benotman , a senior analyst at the Quilliam Foundation and a former leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , which aimed to overthrow Gadhafi , said everything he has heard suggests the militia groups have no real intention of laying down their arms . The thousands of militia members countrywide do not view the NTC as being a legitimate political entity , he said . As a result , they argue that they need their weapons to ensure the future security of Libya . Meanwhile , the transitional government has done too little to speak to the Libyan people and instill confidence in the mostly good work it is doing to establish a functioning state , Benotman said . Some militias are forming powerful coalition blocs , making it even harder for the defense and interior ministries to deal with them and enforce the rule of law , he said . David Pollock , a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and former senior adviser on the Middle East at the U.S. State Department , agrees that some of the competing regional militias have more power than the government itself . They are using that power "  for extortion , for settling scores , tribal or personal , or otherwise generally for asserting their control over parts of the country , " he said . He believes the Libyan government needs to strengthen the centralized military , while at the same time devolving some civic power to the tribal and regional groups and spending oil money to aid development outside the capital . This would help to defuse the long-standing tensions that exist between Tripoli and regional power bases , he said . The authorities ' efforts to integrate militia members into a regular national army were a good step , he said , but much harder to achieve in practice than in theory . Pollock also points out that while any abuse is unwelcome , the large-scale atrocities committed under the Gadhafi regime were far worse than what is now being reported . Shashank Joshi , an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute  RUSI  , a U.K.-based think tank , argues that the transitional government had few options when it assumed power . It lacked the military capability or the cohesion to take on the militias after the fall of Gadhafi 's regime , he told CNN , and still lacks the capacity to force them to disband . "  It 's obviously a major problem that we have abuses committed on this scale ... but at the same time there 's nothing Libyans can really do , " he said . "  All they can really do at the moment is take on some of the most egregious violations , some of the people who have committed abuses on the biggest scale . " A form of post-conflict justice is also needed , so that those militia members who have committed major abuses do not end up in positions of power , he said . The dangers of allowing armed leaders to assume power in a new government can be seen in the experiences of Iraq and Afghanistan , Joshi said . "  Libya should n't allow these people to have a free pass , " he said . "  Even if they ca n't be taken on or disarmed , they can at least be disempowered . " The European Union , United States and other international bodies could aid the Libyan authorities by imposing financial and travel sanctions on those who commit abuses , he added . The international community is guilty of taking its eye off the ball in Libya , Pollock said , and must ensure it backs up the struggling NTC or risk watching Libya "  tip toward more violence instead of getting gradually better . " A spokesman for the Tripoli Military Council told CNN Wednesday that civilian leaders in Libya must do more to assert their authority , holding accountable militia members who perpetrate abuses . "  If the Libyan state is being built , these guys who committed this need to be brought to justice , whether they are revolutionary fighters or not , otherwise the whole world will ask , ` What changed in Libya ? ' The same systemic abuse and torture is continuing , and this is dangerous for the new Libya , " council spokesman Anes Alsharif said . "  The only solution is for the government to take over . You can not let these guys keep holding the prisoners . " Civilian authorities have been slow to step in , Alsharif said , even though some prisoners have been held for months without facing official charges . "  When you talk to the government they say , ` keep them , we do n't have time yet , ' and this is wrong , " he said . A process for government takeovers of prisons has begun , Libya 's interim prime minister said in a televised address last month . Libya 's ambassador to the United Nations , Mohammed Shalgham , told the world body last month that Libya does not approve of any abuse of detainees and was working to stop any such practices . Libyan Interior Minister Fawzy Abdilal told CNN this month that the country 's interim government had not yet succeeded in integrating militias from different cities into a national security force . Other organizations have also raised concerns about the militias . The medical charity Doctors Without Borders said last month it was halting its work in detention centers in Misrata because detainees were tortured and were denied urgent medical care . Human Rights Watch said earlier this month that the torture and killing of detainees is an ongoing practice among Libyan militias and will continue unless the militias are held to account . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contrbuted to this report .	NEW : Foreign Secretary William Hague offers Libya help to tackle human rights abuses Armed militias are one of the biggest challenges for Libya 's government , an analyst says Rights group : Militias torture detainees , target migrants and displace communities Officials have said they are working to stop abuse and integrate militias into a national force
EW.com  -- During an appearance Wednesday morning on "  LIVE with Kelly and Michael , " Jon Hamm announced that he will be hosting the 2013 ESPYS . "  The ESPYS is designed to showcase the year 's best sports moments in a sharp , fun and entertaining manner , and Jon 's the perfect host for this year 's show . His appearances on shows like '30 Rock ' and ` SNL ' show that humor and creativity are two of his main strengths , " ESPYS executive producer Maura Mandt said in a statement . "  The combination of Jon 's dry wit with his passion for sports will give fans a unique and original view of the year in sports . " Jon Hamm spends ' 7 Minutes in Heaven ' with a very lucky guy The 2013 ESPYS will air live on ESPN on July 17 at 9 p.m. ET from Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles . Previous hosts for the show have included Justin Timberlake , Seth Meyers and Samuel L. Jackson . Ever-ready with the jokes , Hamm said of his hosting gig , "  I 'm very excited to be hosting the ESPYS . As a longtime sports fan and a marginally successful high school athlete , I feel my skill-set jibes well with a host 's duties . I now have to figure out what cleats to wear with a tuxedo . " Jon Hamm on the elephant in the room : ` They 're called ` privates ' for a reason ' This year 's Arthur Ashe Courage Award will honor "  Good Morning America "  anchor Robin Roberts , who returned to the show in February following a nearly six-month leave to undergo a bone marrow transplant . See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jon Hamm will host the 2013 ESPYS on July 17 He revealed his new gig Wednesday on ` LIVE with Kelly and Michael ' ESPYS exec : Hamm 's wit and passion for sports will give fans a unique view Prior hosts include Justin Timberlake , Seth Meyers and Samuel L. Jackson
CNN  -- Aksel Lund Svindal thanked his injured teammate after reclaiming his downhill title and making history at the Alpine Skiing World Championships in Austria on Saturday . Svindal is the only Norwegian male still competing at Schladming after Kjetil Jansrud was ruled out for the rest of this season when he suffered a serious knee injury in Wednesday 's super-G event . Svindal was disappointed to finish with bronze in that race , won by American Ted Ligety , but bounced back to become the first man to take golds in four consecutive world championships as he won back the title he claimed in 2007 . "  Crossing the finish line , looking up to see your name at the top of the leaderboard in a finish area with 40,000 spectators . What a day ! " the 30-year-old wrote on his blog afterwards . "  The course was super tough . Pushing my limits the whole way down . I was more mentally than physically tired at the end . Thanks for all the support . I felt like the whole crowd was cheering for me , and there is no way they were all Norwegian . "  So thanks to Austrian fans for making everybody feel welcome . And thanks to my injured buddy Kjetil Jansrud for being a good travel partner on the road and a great training partner . Get that knee fixed and come back ! " Svindal won the fifth gold of his career and his eighth medal overall as he headed off Italy 's World Cup downhill standings leader Dominik Paris by almost half a second , with third-placed Frenchman David Poisson adrift by double that margin . "  For the super-G I was the big favorite everyone was talking about , but in skiing you ca n't just turn up and get your medal . The margins between ultimate success and ultimate failure are too small , " Svindal told reporters . "  I definitely wanted to win the super-G and I did n't . " Boisson , who has never finished on the podium at a World Cup event , claimed France 's first medal in the sport 's premier discipline since Luc Alphand also took bronze in 1996 . Home fans had to make do with fourth place as Klaus Kroll was the top Austrian finisher , with 2011 super-G runnerup Hannes Reichelt skiing out in the first of the two runs . "  I wanted to have a very good result but already did a mistake in the very beginning , " Kroll said . "  I did n't manage to bring down a perfect run at all . "	Aksel Lund Svindal first man to win gold at four successive world championships Norwegian triumphs in prestigious downhill to reclaim title he also won back in 2007 He bounces back from third in super-G , where teammate Kjetil Jansrud was injured Italy 's World Cup downhill leader Dominik Paris is second , with David Poisson third
LINCOLN , Nebraska  CNN  -- Sherry Pierce , who works at a fast food restaurant that does n't offer health insurance , needs a dentist to look at three broken teeth that may be abscessed . Dr. Shawn Semin examines Gotti Water , 6 , at Clinic with a Heart . Gotti had ringworm . Diabetic Shane Stender says his poor health cost him his job as a pizza cook and now he ca n't afford supplies to monitor his blood sugar . Home health aide Nina Forst wants a doctor to check out a rash on her son Gotti 's head . Pierce , Stender and Gotti were among 52 patients who arrived one evening this week at Clinic with a Heart in Lincoln , Nebraska . The weekly clinic offers free care to those falling through the cracks of the health care system , says Dr. Rob Rhodes , a family physician who is president and founder of the clinic . In these tough economic times , business is booming . The clinic expects to see more than 2,000 patients this year , up from 1,400 last year , according to Rhodes . "  The economy has definitely affected the number of patients that we see , " he says . "  We have a large group , and it 's growing , of those that are uninsured or choose not to choose an insurance plan or ca n't afford to sign up a family of four . " The frenetic Tuesday night clinic , staffed by volunteer doctors , nurses and others from the community , offers free medical , dental , chiropractic , optometry and mental health services in offices borrowed from a local charity on the edge of this Midwestern city of 240,000 . Watch more on Clinic with a Heart " Often , patients will try to see more than one type of doctor while they 're there . Patients who need to see a specialist are referred to a network of participating doctors in Lincoln , assigned on a rotating basis , who charge at or below Medicaid costs . Those who need primary care doctors are referred to The People 's Health Center , a federally funded , non-profit community health center that charges a sliding fee scale . Rhodes says his clinic is designed to serve only as a stopgap . Patients are limited to three visits a year . "  When patients come to see us , they do n't know where to go for health care coverage , " Rhodes says . "  Maybe they ca n't afford to see the doctor they used to see , and they 're looking for help . They 're looking for direction , and we try to provide them with an entry point for the health care system . " Pierce learned she needed three teeth removed . She scheduled a visit the following morning at the University of Nebraska College of Dentistry , which would extract them for free . "  No health insurance makes it hard , " says Pierce . If it was n't for Clinic with a Heart Pierce says she would have left her teeth untreated because she ca n't afford a hospital bill . "  I thank the Lord for this place here because they 're a blessing . " A blood test at the clinic showed Stender 's blood sugar was 419 , almost three times what it should be . "  I 'm a chronic diabetic . Insulin dependent . Unemployed . Ca n't afford my supplies , " says Stender . The clinic gave Stender a prescription for insulin and a device to measure his blood sugar , picking up the tab for both . They also scheduled Stender for follow-up with a primary care doctor in Lincoln . "  Had he not had any medical care here tonight , he probably would have ended up in the emergency department or in the hospital in the next several days , " says Dr. Nicole Anderson , a hospitalist who volunteers as the clinic 's medical director . A volunteer doctor diagnosed ringworm , a fungal infection , in Forst 's son Gotti , 6 . He gave Forst a prescription she could fill at no charge . "  It was great . We got in and out . We were n't here very long , and we got a prescription , " Forst said . Rhodes got the idea for Clinic with a Heart after going on a medical mission trip with his church to Reynosa , Mexico , in 2002 . "  I thought , my gosh if we can do that , there 's got to be some way we can provide care to those people back in Lincoln , Nebraska , in our back yard , that are falling between the cracks . " A national survey shows Americans are struggling to pay for health care amid other financial woes . In March , 28.7 percent of those surveyed said a member of the household deferred medical care in the previous 30 days , up from 23.7 percent a month earlier , according to the monthly National Research Corporation Ticker survey . Asked why , 33 percent said they were unable to pay ; 26.8 percent said they had no insurance and 15.1 percent said the treatment was not covered by their health plan , according to the monthly survey of 25,000 households nationwide . In Lincoln , Clinic with a Heart is thriving , Rhodes says , but he wishes it were n't . He says he 'd love to be put out of business .	Free clinic offers care to those falling through the cracks of the health care system Clinic expects to see more than 2,000 patients this year , up from 1,400 last year Founder : Clinic is "  entry point for the health care system "
CNN  -- In late 2012 , some comic book fans were completely outraged . How could Marvel Comics lose Peter Parker , its most famous character , to a brain switch with Dr. Otto "  Octopus " Octavius , so that "  Doc Ock " would take over the role of Spider-Man ? That development in the final 700th issue of "  Amazing Spider-Man " sent shock waves across the comic book industry and gave rise to "  Superior Spider-Man " with the new Spidey , who was secretly "  Doc Ock . " All of that finally comes to an end with the relaunch of "  Amazing Spider-Man . " The first new issue  # 1 of course  hits stores on Wednesday , and the anticipation is so strong that at least 600,000 books have already been preordered  it does n't hurt that it comes with the comic "  Inhuman " # 1 for free  . CNN spoke again to once and future "  Amazing Spider-Man " writer Dan Slott on the new developments surrounding the return of the original Spider-Man . CNN : So why lose Peter Parker and then bring him back ? Dan Slott : With "  Superior Spider-Man , " we took Peter away from everybody for a year . And we showed you how having someone who should never be Spider-Man be Spider-Man , how much you 'd miss Peter Parker . And now he 's back ! Just in time for the movie . It 's almost like we planned it . Originally , when we were planning out Superior Spider-Man , editorial was like "  This is a six-issue arc , " and we said "  No , we can go longer than that . " Then it was "  OK a year , " and then we said , "  You know if we go a little further , we can make it to the movie ! " It was a lot of faith from Marvel editorial , and I 'm grateful they let me try it . CNN : Why do you think Peter Parker is so beloved and important ? Slott : Peter is the one and only Spider-Man . He 's beyond comic book superhero , he is folklore , he is myth , he is legend ! Peter Parker is always gon na be there for us , for every generation , like Robin Hood or Sherlock Holmes or Hercules . This is an enduring hero for all time , the greatest superhero there ever was . It 's weird because when we swapped brains with Doc Ock , one of my editors said "  You 'll know you did your job right , if when they switch him back , everyone goes ` No ! ' " It 's kind of fun that there are so many people out there who have become "  Superior Spider-Man " fans that this has become a tragedy . No matter what you do , something 's gon na be a tragedy ! But there 's also people who are grateful and happy . They 're ecstatic Peter Parker is back . CNN : What 's new about the new Peter Parker and the new book ? Slott : He 's the underdog and when he gives his all , he comes through . And with Peter Parker , he has all the problems we 've had . And for 50 years , he 's whined about it . Now he 's the guy who has a new lease on life . This is his second chance , and he knows it . The mopey Peter Parker , that 's what 's dead . This Peter Parker will try to rise above it to grow up . This Peter Parker is very much a Rip Van Winkle . It 's very much the old Chinese curse of "  May you live in interesting times . " Peter Parker is coming back to interesting times . Doc Ock broke it off with Mary Jane . Mary Jane is now dating this fireman . Also , Doc Ock was dating this scientist , Annamaria . She moved in with him . And suddenly Peter Parker wakes up to that ! What does he do ? We also learn that there was another person bitten by a spider at the same time as Peter . We never knew this all this time , and now this mysterious person is gon na show up . -LSB- Editor 's note : We have now learned that this character goes by the name Silk . -RSB- CNN : What do you say to fans who have seen it all in terms of superheroes dying and resurrecting ? Slott : Let 's be fair . Peter Parker did n't die . They swapped brains . So you 've seen Peter Parker 's physical body up and running for a year and a half . And now he 's got his body back . I do n't think we 've seen a brain-swap in comics last this long ! This is n't death of Superman , Captain America or Human Torch -- there 's been a really weird spin on this . You 've seen that body up and about the entire time . As far as the other Marvel superheroes go , they do n't know he 's been dead or missing . They just think he 's been a colossal jerk . Doc Ock 's body was buried and in "  Superior Spider-Man , " we learned that grave is empty ! Ooooh ... CNN : What else can we look forward to in the new stories ? Slott : The whole world now looks at Spider-Man differently , some good , some bad . Same great power , all new responsibilities ! You 've always dealt with a mopey Peter Parker but now that he 's coming back with this can-do attitude -- when life gives him lemons , he 's gon na make lemon-flavored web fluid . That 's our new positive , upbeat Spidey .	Peter Parker , out of commission more than a year , returns as Spider-Man Peter Parker 's return is one of the most anticipated comic book events of recent years His loss in late 2012 -- and replacement by Dr. Octopus in a brain switch -- was controversial
CNN  -- The crisis in Crimea , though potentially destabilizing to the global economy , may present a silver lining to the U.S. economy : an opportunity to reinvigorate the American shipbuilding industry and Merchant Marine . Even though Russia supplies 30 % of Europe 's natural gas , President Vladimir Putin 's territorial aggression is causing Europe to look elsewhere for its energy needs . The U.S. should be prudent in exporting this natural resource , which has led to resurgence in domestic manufacturing , but I believe that the liquefied natural gas we do send overseas should be shipped on U.S.-flagged tankers and crewed by U.S. licensed and unlicensed mariners . I am pursuing this policy , as the ranking member of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee and a member of the House Armed Services Committee , because it will boost the domestic maritime industry and strengthen our national defense and economic security . U.S. natural gas , globally , is abundant and cheap , making it an attractive commodity for other nations that are net importers of energy resources . The Department of Energy has approved seven liquefied natural gas export applications , and 24 more are pending . To transport gas via the ocean , the world must rely upon two countries to build these tanker vessels : Japan and South Korea . Despite being the early pioneer in gas tanker technology , America is no longer on this list . For decades , the federal government and Congress have largely ignored the health of its own shipbuilding industry , especially the capacity to build large oceangoing tankers , bulk carriers and container vessels . In 1951 , we had 1,200 ships in the U.S. foreign trade . Today , we have 90 ships . Obviously , this is not a good trajectory if we are to maintain our heritage as a great maritime nation . Everyone agrees that the U.S. is the greatest naval power in the world . But our naval superiority may not sustain itself if we fail to make the necessary investments to maintain and enhance our technological edge . We can do that by reinvigorating an innovative shipbuilding industrial base , and by requiring that liquefied natural gas exports be carried on American bottoms , we can provide a new long-term market to sustain this revitalization . Those who oppose such a policy often point to two criticisms . First , recognizing at present that there are no American shipyards building liquefied natural gas tankers , how can we require such exports to be carried on U.S. ships that are not being built ? They are not being built because in some markets , especially strategic ones like shipbuilding and defense , the government must require that we maintain these capabilities through policies such as the one I am proposing . Our shipyards assure me that if we were to adopt such a policy , they could retool their production lines and have liquefied natural gas tankers sliding down the ways within five years , not long after the first export terminal is completed . The other criticism is that it will cost more to use American-built liquefied natural gas tankers than those built in foreign yards and that this cost differential will be an impediment to the growth of the export market . This argument is about the bottom line of energy companies and not the bottom line of America 's shipbuilding industry . Our nation 's economic and national security and the well-being of our middle class would benefit from this new source of high-paying jobs , both in the shipyards and in our Merchant Marine . Opportunities must be seized when they become apparent . We have allowed other nations to wrest away from the U.S. its former dominance in this strategically vital industry . We must seize the exportation of natural gas as an opportunity to reinvigorate the domestic maritime industry and bolster our national defense . We are a maritime nation , and we can build liquefied natural gas tankers in America . But in order to do so , we must act now . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rep. John Garamendi .	Rep. John Garamendi argues that Europe may look beyond Russia for natural gas That , he says , creates an opening for increased exports of U.S. liquefied natural gas It also increases the need for U.S.-flagged transport ships , he writes But the U.S. shipbuilding industry has withered as Japan and South Korea have thrived
CNN  -- In just the past 19 days , an estimated 63,000 people have been displaced from their homes in Somalia by fighting involving government forces and militias , combined with "  general insecurity , " the United Nations ' refugee agency said Tuesday . Some 14,000 of that number were displaced "  from and within " Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , in the past two weeks , U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees spokeswoman Roberta Russo said in a news release . Fighting in the city on January 13 between government forces and members of the Al-Shabaab and Hisb-ul-Islam militias resulted in the death of at least 10 people , some of them children , she said . In addition , the government-aligned Alu Sunna Wal Jamma militia battled Hisb-ul-Islam fighters around Belet Weyne in central Somalia on January 9 , with reports of at least 30 civilians killed and 50 wounded , she said . "  Thousands of people have been forced to flee from their homes and an estimated 11,900 have temporarily settled around Belet Weyne in appalling conditions , " Russo wrote . There are already another 50,000 internally displaced people in the surrounding Hiraan region , bordering Ethiopia , she said . The refugee agency also estimates that about 28,800 people have been displaced in the area around the town of Dhuusamareeb , in the Galgaduud region in central Somalia , and "  are in urgent need of shelter , water and health care , " she said . Clashes between Alu Sunna Wal Jamma and Al-Shabaab have flared up again in recent days in the region , Russo said , referring to "  sketchy reports " of 150 people killed and 80 wounded in the fighting . "  As the struggle for control of the territory continues , insecurity makes it extremely difficult for aid workers to access the area and deliver vital assistance , " she wrote . She did not specify where the other estimated 8,000 people were displaced from . Somalia continues to be one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world , with some 1.5 million internally displaced people and more than 560,000 people living as refugees in neighboring countries , the refugee agency says , mainly in Kenya  309,000  , Yemen  163,000  and Ethiopia  59,000  . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	In past 19 days , an estimated 63,000 people have been displaced from homes by fighting U.N. : Fighting involving government forces and militias , combined with "  general insecurity " Some 14,000 displaced "  from and within " Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu , in the past 2 weeks
CNN  -- The U.S. Marine Corps has disciplined two Marines over a videotape that showed a Marine throwing a puppy over a cliff , the military said Wednesday . YouTube.com removed the video for violating the Web site 's terms of use . Officials did not specify the role that each man played in the incident , which received international attention after a video of it appeared on YouTube.com March 3 . Lance Cpl. David Motari is being processed for removal for his role , the Marine Corps said , and Sgt. Crismarvin Banez Encarnacion also has been punished . The video shows someone throwing a black-and-white puppy off a rocky cliff . The dog makes a yelping sound as it flies through the air . "  That 's mean . That was mean , " someone off-camera is heard saying . YouTube removed the video about a day after it was posted , "  due to terms of use violation , " the site said . The Marines were quick to condemn the video when it surfaced , calling it "  shocking and deplorable . " Marine officials said the disciplinary action followed a thorough investigation , according to a statement that the Marine Corps Base Hawaii released Wednesday . "  The actions seen in the Internet video are contrary to the high standards we expect of every Marine and will not be tolerated , " the statement said .	Lance Cpl. David Motari faces removal ; Sgt. Crismarvin Banez Encarnacion punished Video surfaced March 3 on YouTube showing a Marine tossing a puppy over a cliff The Marines condemned the incident , calling it "  shocking and deplorable "
CNN  -- Few things distract from the discomfort of flying better than a decent roster of films on the seatback in front of you . As technology progresses , however , those imbedded screens may soon go the way of the dinosaurs . The question is , will passengers be better off for it ? At the annual Aircraft Interior Expo in Hamburg next week , exhibitors will showcase the latest innovations in the aviation industry . Front and center is Row 44 , an in-fight internet provider that has recently added live TV and video-on-demand to the list of services it offers airlines . Rather than tune in to a seatback consol , passengers stream the content directly to their personal devices . "  You 're going to see a lot more cases where airlines will opt not to invest in an imbedded in-fight entertainment system , and will say , ` let Samsung or HP do the investment , ' in terms of letting people bring in their own devices , " says John LaValle , CEO of Global Eagle Entertainment  of which Row 44 is a subsidiary  . Row 44 has been nominated for a Crystal Cabin award for its work with Southwest Airlines , which last year became the first in the world to stream live television directly to passengers ' WiFi-enabled devices . Previously , Southwest did n't have any form of in-flight entertainment . Says Katie McDonald , a spokeswoman for Southwest : "  Not only did we save on the expense of installation and maintenance of seatbacks , but we 're saving fuel by avoiding the added weight of the TV hardware . " Understandably , letting passengers bring their own devices on board is an attractive notion to low-cost carriers . In 2011 , Air Baltic became the first European airline to offer customers iPads for in-fight entertainment . Like Southwest , they previously had no system in place . "  If you want to design something in your front seat , you have to go through a rigorous certification process , " explains Janis Vanags , Air Baltic 's vice president of corporate communications . "  You have to design it , produce it , install it ; it takes years and it takes millions . By the time it 's certified and installed , it 's already old . " By comparison , he notes , portable devices "  can be put up fairy quickly , and can be changed quickly without a big investment . " Read more : Airlines cash in as Wi-Fi takes off Unlike the many airlines that have since followed suit  Qantas , Thai Airways , Aeromexico and Jetstar , to name a few  , Air Baltic ultimately dropped the program . Originally , they handed out the devices for free to business class customers , and rented them out for    9  $ 11.55  to those in economy . "  We believe our airline is like a travel megastore , and as a result , we 're not into amenities ; we 're into products and services that we can make money out of , " admits Vanags , adding , "  we found that there was a very small , but negative gain from stocking the product . " Air Baltic seems to be atypical ; Southwest Airlines , which charges passengers $ 5 to enjoy live TV , has witnessed an uptick in their revenue  though they declined to disclose how much  . Any increase is impressive considering the service was only rolled out on a handful of planes , and had received no marketing . Furthermore , live TV has proved particularly popular with sports junkies , many of whom would have to otherwise make a tough choice between catching a game and booking a flight . Anticipating this , Row 44 has worked out a deal with America 's National Football League , allowing passengers to never miss a game . "  There was a popular game between the Green Bay Packers and Chicago Bears at the start of the season , " recalls LaValle . "  Live TV was only available on 25 planes , and not many passengers knew about it , and we still had 600 viewers . Football games last about three hours -- longer than the actual flight -- and still passengers were willing to pay to watch a game they knew they would n't catch the end of . " Some carriers , however , are happy to throw out iPads and live TV as an added perk . Emirates Airlines , which has long prided itself on amenities , last month started offering live TV to all passengers on its A380s , partly to promote Formula 1 , of which the airline is a prominent sponsor . Similarly , Norwegian Air , another Row 44 customer , uses its free Wi-Fi offerings as a means to win customers  though they recently started charging for video-on-demand , which streams directly to passenger 's devices  . Read more : In-flight phone calls to become standard ? "  It 's a big part of their marketing strategy , and it 's been very successful in getting them customers , " admits LaValle , who points out the airline has even introduced the wireless symbol in their decal . Despite its many advantages , though , the content available to passengers on their own devices can be more limited than what 's available on traditional seatbacks . In the last few years , it 's become commonplace for airlines to offer what 's known as "  early window " content , or movies that are still showing in cinemas . At the moment , airlines that rely on passenger-owned devices are forced to eschew this service . "  At the end of the day , studios are always very wary of content protection , and making sure what content they do provide ca n't be abused or copied illegally " notes Andrew Muirhead , the director of innovation at Lufthansa Technik , a subsidiary of Deutsche Lufthansa . "  Early window is high-value content , and they want to keep it in a very controlled environment , " he notes . Muirhead acknowledges that this could change in the future , but says it 's another example of why portable devices will never completely replace imbedded screens . "  Imagine a family of five turns up on a flight . What are the chances all of them will have an iPad ? You still need to entertain people who do n't have such devices on board . "	More airlines are using passengers ' own tech to deliver in-flight entertainment Southwest Airlines , which streams live TV directly to customers ' devices , says they save on fuel and hardware installation Live TV , iPad rental and video-on-demand are a few tactics airlines are using to bolster ancillary revenue In some cases , the content available to passengers is more limited when streamed to their devices
CNN  -- A 16-year-old Pennsylvania boy is facing murder charges , accused of fatally shooting a cab driver who he believed was intentionally taking a longer route to his destination . Aazis Richardson is accused of shooting the cab driver , Vincent Darbenzio , 47 , twice in the back of his head while still in the cab , according to Lackawanna County Assistant District Attorney Gene Talerico . Richardson believed Darbenzio had ignored his route suggestions in attempt to increase the fare , according to Talerico . "  I just told him , ` take this way ; ' he did n't want to listen -- he got his  expletive  shot , " Richardson told CNN affiliate WNEP . Calls and e-mails to the Lackawanna County public defender 's office , which is representing Richardson , were not immediately returned . As Richardson was being taken away , he showed no remorse for the driver or his family telling WNEP , "  my homies died , everybody got ta die . " Richardson was charged as an adult with multiple counts of murder in the first , second and third degrees , as well as robbery and firearms-related offenses , according Talerico . On Sunday , more than 50 of Darbenzio 's friends and family members held a vigil near the spot where Darbenzio was killed , according to the victim 's brother , Chris Darbenzio . Richardson is currently being held without bail at the Lackawanna County Prison , according to the district attorney 's office .	Aazis Richardson , 16 , allegedly shot driver Vincent Darbenzio , 47 , prosecutor says Teen thought driver was taking a longer route to increase the fare , prosecutor says "  I just told him take this way ; he did n't want to listen , " teen told CNN affiliate WNEP The public defender 's office , who is representing Richardson , could not be reached
CNN  -- Actor Ron Palillo , who played class clown Arnold Horshack on the 1970s television comedy "  Welcome Back , Kotter , " has died at age 63 , his agent said Tuesday . Palillo died of a heart attack in the Palm Beach Gardens , Florida , area , where he had moved to live near his mother and was active in the theater , his agent , Scott Stander , told CNN . He was best known for his role as one of the "  Sweathogs " -- remedial students at a Brooklyn high school -- on the 1975-79 show , which starred Gabe Kaplan and launched the career of fellow Sweathog John Travolta . Palillo 's "  Oooh ! Oooh ! " appeals for attention became the character 's catchphrase . Stander called Palillo "  upbeat , fun , a great friend who loved theater , loved the fans and had a great sense of humor . " He taught acting to high school students at the G-Star School of the Arts , a charter school in West Palm Beach , Stander said . Palillo made numerous guest appearances on television in the following decades , including playing himself in three episodes of the Ellen DeGeneres comedy "  Ellen " in 1996 . He also appeared on the reality show "  Celebrity Boxing " in 2002 , losing by a TKO to former "  Saved by the Bell " actor Dustin Diamond . Another of the original Sweathogs , Robert Hegyes , died in January at age 60 . Hegyes , who played Juan Epstein , also played a detective in the late 1980s police drama "  Cagney & Lacey . " Obituaries 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report .	Palillo played Arnold Horshack on "  Welcome Back , Kotter " He died of a heart attack in Florida at age 63 , his agent said He had been teaching acting to high school students
Sapelo Island , Georgia  CNN  -- It 's a culture struggling to survive . Fewer than 50 people -- all descendants of slaves -- fear they may soon be taxed out of the property their families have owned since the days of slavery . They are the Gullah-Geechee people of Sapelo Island off Georgia 's coast , near Savannah . This small , simple community is finding itself embroiled in a feud with local officials over a sudden , huge increase in property assessments that are raising property taxes as much as 600 % for some . Many say the increase could force them to sell their ancestral properties . "  That 's part of the American history . That 's part of what built this country , " said Charles Hall , 79 , a retired U.S. Air Force colonel who was born under a midwife 's care in the same home he lives in today . "  Sapelo being the only intact Gullah-Geechee community in the country that 's left , that is a part of history . It will be a shame not to preserve " it , he told CNN . McIntosh County 's decision to reappraise homes on the island sparked the problem . County Attorney Adam Poppell told CNN that the Gullah-Geechee culture is invaluable , but the properties had been historically undervalued due to errors in previous property appraisals . "  We have to follow the law , and assess at fair market value , " he told CNN . To fix the problem , he said , "  the state has to create a special exemption for cultural communities . " Sapelo Island , about the size of Manhattan , is a short 20-minute boat ride from Georgia 's coast . But in some ways , it seems much farther . The bumpy , unpaved dirt roads are a constant reminder that this is an island with few services . There are no police officers , fire rescue personnel , doctors or hospitals . There is no school or post office . People drive their garbage to a single garbage compactor . There are no grocery stores . The gas station is open only on Tuesdays and Thursdays . Ninety-seven percent of the island is owned by the state of Georgia . Residents live on a small section known as Hog Hammock . A ferry makes three round trips each day , with the last departure from the mainland at 5:30 p.m. Residents ca n't miss that ferry if they want to work or go to school on the mainland . They complain this limits their employment opportunities and prohibits their children from participating in after-school activities . Half of nation 's foreclosed homes still occupied Many have fled the island over the years because opportunity just does n't exist there . Cornelia Bailey has been one of the loudest defenders of the island where she was born and raised . She 's the ninth generation of her family to live on the island , whose slave roots are traced back to Angola . She said the taxes on her one acre property have gone from $ 600 a year to about $ 2,300 . "  All these years of getting nothing , then all of a sudden , they want to lay this tax on your back and still not give you nothing , " she said . "  For the last three years , we 've been paying $ 128 a year for garbage collection . I do n't even have my green garbage can . Where 's my can ? " She added , with a hint of anger in her voice , "  You can call 911 , but nobody gon na squeal up to your front door , so forget it . " Homeowners are hiring lawyers now to have their displeasure heard in state and federal court . Reed Colfax -- a partner at Relman , Dane & Colfax , one of the leading housing discrimination litigation firms in the country -- is heading full speed into court to have the tax bills struck down for at least half the residents of the island . "  The solution is that we freeze the tax assessments , we get the services to this island , so the people can live here , " he said . "  Families can move back in , have children here , have jobs on the mainland , or even develop their own economy here on the island . " Tax Assessors Board Chairman James Larkin suggests the Sapelo residents brought this issue on themselves , as some began to sell their property to developers and non-islanders who built bigger , upscale vacation homes , causing valuations to increase , and along with them their property taxes . "  If they had n't started selling their property , there would n't be a problem , " he told CNN . But Reginald Hall is n't buying that argument . He and his family own three properties on more than seven acres of property on the island . The assessed "  fair market value " of their property went from $ 176,075 in 2011 to $ 910,333 in 2012 . That brought on increase of more than 500 % in property taxes . He is refusing to pay the taxes and he refuses to sell his family land , which he says is worth over $ 3 million . "  Once you leave , you are separated from more family members ... which is a real interruption in the generational teachings on this island of the culture , " he said . "  We leave , and we 're gone . Ca n't come back , because if we try to come back after we sell , you ca n't afford to buy , " he told CNN . Cornelia Bailey said her land may be worth about $ 384,000 , but in reality it is priceless . "  I told one guy it was priceless , and he said everything has a price , and I said , you do n't know me , this is priceless . You do n't have enough money to buy it , so forget it , " she said . "  We have a legacy that most people would die to have . We 're fighting to keep it even for the unborn . "	Fewer than 50 of the Gullah-Geechee people remain on Georgia 's coastal Sapelo Island After property taxes were increased by as much as 600 % , many fear they will have to sell The community "  is a part of history . It will be a shame not to preserve " it , a resident says "  We have to follow the law , and assess at fair market value , " the county attorney says
CNN  -- The enduring symbol of the government shutdown was when World War II veterans stormed the barricades on the National Mall . They reminded those of us in public service that they fought and died so we could resolve our differences peacefully . Nowhere on our monuments will you read the words : "  I will not negotiate . " In fact , our monuments tell the opposite story . Our National Mall is a monument to compromise and sacrificial leadership . As the debate about how to end the government shutdown converges with a debate over the nation 's borrowing limit , the real decision Washington faces is whether to make hard choices now or later . We do n't need short-term extensions as much as we need a long-term spending addiction recovery plan . We are out of control . Congress should do what any responsible parent would do if their adolescent child could n't handle the responsibility of a credit card . We should cut up the credit card and live within our means . If we do nothing , sooner or later we 'll see the White House 's worst fears realized -- a sudden interest rate spike , a collapse of our credit rating and a global economic meltdown . People of good faith on both sides agree on the math . There is no way we can grow fast enough to avoid massive -- and debilitating -- tax increases or structural changes to our entitlement programs . My friend Erskine Bowles , who served as chief of staff to President Bill Clinton , put it best when he said we face the "  most predictable economic crisis in history . " So when Treasury Secretary Jack Lew says failing to lift the debt ceiling would be playing with fire , he 's the one on the wrong side of economics and history . The real danger is not solving the underlying problem of overspending that requires us to raise the debt ceiling . As Moody 's Credit Agency has explained , not raising the debt limit will not cause a default and will leave our "  creditworthiness intact . " Regardless , we can , and should , act now to avoid further crisis in the future . The good news is we have plenty of options . The president 's own budget is a good place to start . In it he proposed $ 435 billion in savings over the next decade that many Republicans would accept . Why would he not work with us to enact those savings ? Specifically , the president proposed using a more accurate way to adjust for inflation with Social Security benefits and other federal payments . His proposal could save $ 230 billion over 10 years . Why should this idea be off limits ? The president also proposed saving $ 50 billion over the next decade by asking wealthy seniors to pay a little more for their Medicare premiums . I introduced a bill with Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill building on this policy . Why should our bipartisan bill inspired by the president be off the table ? This week I released a report with Democratic Sens. Carl Levin and Tom Carper and Republican Sen. John McCain . Featured on "  60 Minutes , " it exposed a "  disability industrial complex " that is riddled with fraud . The Social Security Disability Trust Fund will be bankrupt by 2016 . Millions of disabled Americans will face benefit cuts or middle-income Americans will face an increase in their payroll taxes . Why should we raise the debt ceiling without working to cut the billions in waste and fraud that has been uncovered in our bipartisan investigations ? Meanwhile , the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office has detailed $ 250 billion in duplication in our discretionary budget that both parties have largely ignored . Why would we impose billions of dollars of additional debt on future generations when we could instead find billions in additional savings ? I 'm pleased my colleagues in the House are making similar and additional proposals of their own . The fact is the menu of options from numerous commissions and proposals amounts to trillions in savings . What we need is the political courage to act . The real question is : If now is not the time to negotiate , then when ? Delaying these decisions might be good for our political security , but it will seriously undermine our economic and national security . Our founders understood that politicians and factions would always be tempted to not compromise , and would try to ideologically cleanse the public square of meaningful opposition . This hyperpartisan mentality was on display with both the passage of Obamacare and the counterproductive backlash in my own party . The result has been a government shutdown . As someone with a record of cutting spending and holding popular -- but costly -- bills , I 'm not afraid to say that principled compromise is courageous , and neither should anyone in public office . I believe the very compromises that gave us our nation can be used to save our nation . As much as I would love to see 67 pure conservatives in the Senate , that is n't going to happen . And as much as I would love to cut spending by $ 9 trillion , as I detailed in my own "  Back in Black " plan , I 'll settle for less if we can save America in the process . At pivotal moments , our best leaders have always chosen negotiation and compromise over domination and humiliation . George Washington could have been king but he gave up power . Abraham Lincoln chose reconstruction over retribution . Harry Truman gave our vanquished foes a new beginning with the Marshall Plan , and he even let Japan keep its emperor , and with it secured the peace . It 's time for President Obama , and all our congressional leaders , to do the same . All our problems can be solved , but only if we participate . The time to do so is now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Coburn .	Tom Coburn : We need a long-term deal , not short-term extensions in shutdown crisis Coburn : The real danger is not solving the problem of our spending addiction He says for example , the Social Security Disability Trust Fund will be bankrupt by 2016 Coburn : The president and Congress must show real leadership and compromise
Castel Gandolfo  CNN  -- Pope Francis had lunch Saturday with his predecessor , Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI , in what the Vatican said was the first such encounter in the history of the Roman Catholic Church . Francis , who was inaugurated as the new head of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics on Tuesday , has made some changes since taking the helm -- most notably by adopting a simpler , personal style and calling for the church to focus on serving the poor and needy . The new pontiff was flown to Castel Gandolfo by helicopter for the lunch date . He was greeted at the helipad by Benedict XVI , and the pair exchanged an embrace , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said . They then rode in a car together to the Castel Gandolfo residence . Both men wore simple white cassocks , but only Francis wore the white papal mantle and sash over his robe . The two then prayed together side-by-side in a chapel before meeting in a library at the residence for 45 minutes of talks ahead of lunch . Video footage released by the Vatican after Francis had returned to Vatican City showed the two men warmly clasping hands as they greeted each other . Benedict , who walked with the aid of a stick , looked frail and moved slowly as they entered the chapel to kneel together . Relations between Francis and his predecessor were warm and cordial , said Lombardi . Francis presented Benedict with the gift of a painting he said reminded him of the former pontiff 's gifts to the church . Their meeting was "  a moment of profound and elevated communion , " Lombardi told Vatican Radio . He suggested that Benedict would almost certainly have repeated the promise of obedience to the new pope that he gave in his final meeting with the cardinals before stepping down . The presence of both a pope and a living former pontiff has raised concerns over the potential for split loyalties within the church . Behind closed doors , pope supported civil unions in Argentina , activist says Seen , but not heard Lombardi declined to tell reporters what the pair discussed in the library , saying only that they were private talks . Vatican observers believe that one item on the agenda was the contents of a 300-page dossier presented by three cardinals to Benedict in the wake of the Vatileaks scandal . Benedict passed on the report -- ordered after leaks last year revealed claims of corruption within the Vatican hierarchy -- to his successor . Italian media reports suggested the cardinals had uncovered a series of scandals involving sex , money and power , but the Vatican press office sought to tamp down what it called a rash of "  often unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories . " The pair may also have talked about possible appointments by Francis . The people he chooses to hold key roles may give an indication of his priorities for the church at a time when some are calling for reform and modernization of its hierarchy . They have spoken several times by telephone since Francis was elected 10 days ago , but this was their first face-to-face meeting , the Vatican said . 5 things to know about the new pope Crowds who had gathered in the small town 's central square waved and clapped as the white papal helicopter twice passed overhead before landing . Some chanted "  Francesco , Francesco " -- the pope 's name in Italian . According to police at Castel Gandolfo , the crowds numbered between 1,500 and 2,000 . Many had gathered in the hope of seeing Francis appear at a balcony to wave , but they were disappointed . Life of seclusion Francis was elected on March 13 after Benedict became the first pope in nearly 600 years to resign , citing age and frailty . A new pope usually takes the reins only following the death of his predecessor . The hilltop castle overlooking a lake is the summer papal residence and has been home to Benedict since he left Vatican City on February 28 . Benedict 's last public appearance was at a window of the castle , when he blessed the crowds below before retiring into seclusion . The pope emeritus is expected to move back to Vatican City at the end of April , once restoration work on a small monastery within its grounds is complete . There , he will devote himself to prayer and study . Benedict "  has attentively followed the events of recent days , " including Francis ' inauguration Mass before crowds of well wishers and dignitaries , the Vatican said . When the last pope to resign , Gregory XII , stepped down in 1415 it was to help resolve the worst institutional crisis in the church 's history -- a schism that had led to three rival claimants to the papacy . And when former hermit Pope Celestine V resigned in 1294 after less than six months in office , he was imprisoned soon afterward by his successor , Pope Boniface VIII . Catholics : 5 ways for Francis to move forward Busy week ahead Pope Francis , meanwhile , is starting to get to grips with his new role now that the pomp and ceremony of his inauguration is out of the way . On Friday , he met with the Vatican diplomatic corps and thanked them for the work they do to "  build peace and construct bridges of friendship and fraternity " with some 180 states around the world . "  Through you I encounter your peoples , and thus in a sense I can reach out to every one of your fellow citizens , with their joys , their troubles , their expectations , their desires , " he said . The coming week , which leads up to Easter Sunday , will be a busy one for the new pontiff , starting with Palm Sunday Mass. . On Thursday , Francis will break with tradition by celebrating the Mass of the Lord 's Supper -- which is centered on the gesture of the washing of feet -- at the Casal del Marmo youth detention center , the Vatican said . The service has in past years been held at the grand Basilica of St. John Lateran , the official seat of the bishop of Rome . "  In his ministry as Archbishop of Buenos Aires , Cardinal Bergoglio used to celebrate the Mass in a prison or hospital or hospice for the poor and marginalized , " the Vatican said in a statement . "  With this celebration at Casal del Marmo , Pope Francis will continue his custom , which is characterized by its humble context . " It will not be the first time Francis visits the prison . He was there in March 2007 to celebrate Mass. . Peek inside the pope 's closet CNN 's Hada Messia and Ben Wedeman reported from Castel Gandolfo and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London .	Video shows Francis and Benedict exchanging warm greetings , praying together Vatican : Meeting was "  a moment of profound and elevated communion " The new pontiff and Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI had lunch at Castel Gandolfo Vatican says this is a first , since a new pope is usually picked after the death of his predecessor
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Militants launched a string of bold strikes in Pakistan on Thursday , leaving at least 30 police officers and civilians dead , authorities said . A bomb disposal squad member removes a suicide jacket from a body at the FIA in Lahore on Thursday . At least 10 militants also died in the fighting , while others were missing . The attacks on five targets in two cities were carried out on the same day that U.S. President Barack Obama signed legislation providing an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to the Pakistani government . Among other things , the act promotes a partnership aimed at "  combating the extremism that threatens Pakistan and the United States . " Interior Minister Rehman Malik said the Pakistani Taliban accepted blame for the three attacks against two police training centers and the country 's Federal Investigation Agency in Lahore . At least 25 people died . The three assaults began about 9 a.m. and were nearly simultaneous , police spokesman Rai Nazar Hayat said . The militants stormed each facility before setting off explosives and , in some cases , taking hostages . Watch a rundown of the day 's attacks " "  If  the law enforcement agencies are not safe ... how can the common man feel safe ? " asked Amir Mughal , a civilian witness to the attack on the investigation agency . "  Our children go to school -- even they are so scared , " he added . "  We do n't know that we can get back to our homes after work . " Shakeel Ahmad , a witness to one of the training center explosions , acknowledged he is afraid , but added : "  On the other hand , we are motivated also by seeing these army soldiers . We are with them . " About a half hour after the trio of attacks , a suicide car bomber hit a police station in the Kohat district of northwestern Pakistan , killing at least 11 people -- eight civilians and three police , said Kohat Police Chief Dilawr Bangish . A dozen people were wounded . The offices of several senior police and government officials and several military installations also are nearby . In Peshawar , a remote control bomb exploded inside a car parked in front of an apartment building . A hospital official said an 8-year-old boy was killed and eight people -- four women , two men and two children -- were wounded . One of the children , a girl , is in critical condition . The blast took place in a residential area for government officials and employees . Militant attacks have become increasingly bold in recent days . At least 41 people were killed and 45 wounded in a blast Monday at a security forces checkpoint in northwest Pakistan . The explosion occurred in the Shangla district in the volatile Swat Valley . On Saturday , militants attacked the army headquarters in Rawalpindi , killing 11 military personnel and three civilians , according to the Pakistani military . Nine militants died . A total of 39 hostages were freed Sunday morning after being held by five militants at the army headquarters . Journalist Nazar Ul Islam contributed to this report .	String of attacks target Pakistani law enforcement authorities , killing dozens Police station attacked in northwest Pakistan , coordinated attacks in Lahore On Saturday militants attacked army headquarters in Rawalpindi
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal and defending champion Andy Murray were both knocked out as the upsets continued in the ATP tournament at Queen 's Club on Friday . Murray was the first top go , beaten 4-6 6-1 7-6 by Mardy Fish of the United States in their third round match delayed overnight . Nadal quickly followed as he went down in straight sets 7-6 6-4 to his fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez in their quarterfinal clash . Nadal , fresh from his French Open triumph , was looking for valuable match practice on grass , but a mistake putting away a simple overhead put him under pressure in the first set tiebreak . Lopez took advantage of the second of two set points and a single break was enough to give him victory in the second set . Lopez , who was beating Nadal for the second time in seven matches , netted on his first match point but wrapped it up on the next . Nadal had been the last remaining leading name in the pre-Wimbledon grasscourt tournament , which has seen the top five seeds go out . Four-time Queen 's champion Andy Roddick and Novak Djokovic were casualties on Thursday and Murray came close to joining them as he trailed 3-0 in the deciding set to Fish before recovering to tie it up at 3-3 . Angry exchanges followed as Fish walked off claiming the light was too poor to continue , while Murray , with momentum behind him , wanted to continue . When they resumed on Friday , both men easily held their services as the match went into a deciding tiebreak at 6-6 . Murray gained the early mini-break with a superb forehand passing shot , but then Fish , coming to the net whenever possible , took command . He quickly set up four match points and claimed victory and a place in the quarterfinals as Murray hit a backhand long . Fish later beat Michael Llodra of France 6-4 6-4 in their quarterfinal match to reach the last four . Dudi Sela 's run came to an end as the 14th-seeded Israeli , who had beaten Roddick on Thursday , lost 7-5 6-4 to Rainer Schuettler of Germany . Sam Querrey of the United States continued his impressive passage by beating Belgian Xavier Malisse 6-3 7-5 . Meanwhile , Roger Federer stepped up his bid for a sixth title in Halle , Germany with a 7-5 6-3 quarterfinal win over home hope Philipp Kohlschreiber . Former world number one Lleyton Hewitt also went through with a victory over Andreas Beck of Germany 7-6 6-1 . He will play Benjamin Becker in the semis with Federer taking on Philipp Petzschner .	World number one Rafael Nadal beaten in quarterfinals of Queen 's Club tournament Nadal loses in straight sets to fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez Defending champion Andy Murray goes out in third round defeat to Mardy Fish NEW : Roger Federer reaches semifinals of Gerry Weber Open in Germany
CNN  -- The Indiana high school student who was in danger of missing her graduation ceremony because of a visa mix-up in Mexico returned home early Friday morning . The smiling teen was met at the Indianapolis International Airport by family members , balloons and signs . "  Now I can continue to pursue my dreams , " Elizabeth Olivas , 17 , told reporters . Her attorney , Sarah Moshe , had said the U.S. State Department approved a waiver , allowing Olivas to return home and deliver the salutatorian speech at Frankfort High School on Saturday . An undocumented immigrant who was brought to the United States by her parents when she was 4 , Olivas traveled to Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , last month to beat a deadline to apply for a visa . According to immigration laws , children of immigrant parents have until 180 days from their 18th birthday to leave the United States for their country of origin and apply for a visa . The consulate in Mexico granted Olivas an appointment for May 4 . Moshe calculated on two different legal calendars that the 180th day would fall on April 17 , so Olivas departed for Mexico that day . But at her May 4 appointment , Olivas was told she had left the United States on the 181st day . The calendars Moshe used did not account for the leap year . The mix-up could have meant Olivas would be banned from the United States for three years , living with her grandparents in Juarez until she could apply again . "  The waiver was approved , and we just finished issuing and printing her visa , " read a statement from the U.S. State Department , according to Moshe . "  We gave her the visa packet and I assume she will be leaving the Consulate momentarily  visa in hand !  . Congrats and best of luck to Elizabeth and her family ! She is very lucky to have such a great team working on her behalf . " Olivas ' father is a naturalized U.S. citizen . He filed an immigrant visa petition for his daughter to gain legal status . The petition process began years ago , but the process was slow , Olivas said . She said she had been "  essentially begging for an appointment . " "  The problem was we could n't secure an appointment at the consulate , " Moshe said . In the six weeks since Olivas ' arrival in Mexico , she participated in classes remotely with her laptop and kept her grades up during the final weeks of school . Her only hope to return to Indiana quickly was a 400-page parental hardship waiver that she presented to U.S. consulate officials Thursday . Her appeal argued her diabetic father would suffer from being apart from his daughter . Now back in the United States she plans to apply for permanent resident status . Steve Edwards , principal at Frankfort High School , called Olivas a "  phenomenal kid . " "  She is a mentor to those younger than her , " Edwards said . "  There is just not a bad thing to say about Elizabeth . She 's an awesome girl . " Olivas ' medal and diploma will be waiting for her on Saturday , he said . "  Regardless of this whole process , she 's graduating on Saturday , " Edwards said . "  We expect her to be at the graduation ceremony on Saturday . We expect her to be in front of the crowd and give her speech . We expect to see her at graduation . "	Olivas was granted a waiver Thursday She had faced a three-year ban from the United States Olivas was an undocumented immigrant to the United States
CNN  -- In spite of ever rising tuition and ballooning student loan debts , a large majority of students still desire to attend college . Traditional notions are deeply engrained in the public 's mind . College is considered the path to a better , higher paying job , the best way to make connections and propel a career , and a status symbol , especially for those who go to elite universities . However , given the dismal reality facing college graduates , perhaps the future of higher education will have to change . In some cases , a college diploma may no longer guarantee the high potential lifetime earnings it once did . An online salary ranking system called PayScale.com calculates a student 's 30-year return on investment at the top 1,300 colleges nationwide based on average alumni salary and tuition costs . Their recently issued 2012 report suggests that out of the 4,500 colleges and universities in the nation only the top 800 to 850 give you an annual return on investment greater than 4 % . In pure financial terms , students might be better off investing their tuition money in stocks rather than four years with one of our nation 's many colleges . But this does not stop an overwhelming number of students from paying an exorbitant amount of money or taking on huge amounts of debt in order to attend college . It seems like such conventional wisdom . "  A diploma was n't a piece of paper . It was an amulet , " as columnist Frank Bruni wrote in the New York Times . That may no longer be the case . A college degree does not hold the status and significance it once did . Recent data from the Census Bureau and Department of Labor found that almost 54 % of recent graduates were unemployed or underemployed . As our world becomes more globally integrated and competitive , economic status now turns on many other things , like intellectual capital and skills training , things which colleges are supposed to instill , but many do n't . According to a recent world economic study , about 10 million manufacturing jobs worldwide are going begging because of a lack of skilled workers . In the United States alone , at least 600,000 manufacturing jobs can not be filled . Meanwhile , legions of arts and humanities majors occupy the unemployment rolls . Many students are ill prepared for the labor market , whether by fault of their own or by colleges and universities that are out of sync with the needs of a skilled work force . However , technology may just transform everything . Better , smarter , more adaptable and cheaper education will soon be available to all . Initiatives like the ED-X partnership between Harvard and MIT promise to give non-traditional students elements of a world-class education online , and for free . Coursera , recently founded by Stanford professor Andrew Ng , will offer not only free online courses , but also a great deal of individualized instruction in the form of grading , testing , student-to-student help and certificates of completion . What Salman Khan and his Khan Academy did for elementary and secondary education , offering world-class instruction online for free , will soon be replicated throughout academia . These new ventures will no doubt challenge the traditional four-year residential , physical university model . In the future , access to college may be nearly universal , with little or no tuition costs . We may be on the cusp of a higher education revolution . College may look very different 20 , 10 , or even five years from now . In the meantime , the national and kitchen table conversation over higher education should no longer be looked at in the isolation of student loans . It 's time for parents and students to look at the entire enterprise of higher education and ask -- how , when , where , for whom , in what studies and at what cost is a college education appropriate ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Despite costly tuition , most students still desire to go to college Bennett : In purely financial terms , they might be better off investing in stocks He says a college degree does not hold the status and significance it once did Bennett : Technology challenges traditional models of colleges , could change everything
A 34-year-old father was being held by authorities Wednesday in connection with the deaths of his three daughters , who were found inside his ex-wife 's Wisconsin home with the gas fireplace turned on , officials said . Aaron Schaffhausen of Minot , North Dakota , is expected to be arraigned Thursday , said officials in River Falls , Wisconsin . Formal charges are pending , and Schaffhausen is being held in the St. Croix County Jail , officials said . Schaffhausen and his ex-wife , Jessica , divorced in January , and the three girls were in their mother 's home with a baby sitter Tuesday when the father arrived and the baby sitter left , officials said . Heiress found dead , husband arrested The mother called River Falls police Tuesday afternoon with concerns about her three daughters ' safety following statements made by the father regarding the children 's well-being , officials said in a written statement . Police found the gas fireplace turned on and smelled the odor of an apparent flammable liquid in the basement , officials said . An officer turned the gas off in the fireplace . In the home police found the bodies of sisters Amara , 11 , Sophie , 8 , and Cecilia , 5 . The bodies are being examined by the nearby Ramsey County , Minnesota , medical examiner 's office , officials said , and results were n't available Wednesday . Last March , the father allegedly threatened to harm one of the children in a harassment incident reported to River Falls police , officials said . Police records also show a domestic incident at the River Falls residence in August 2009 , they said . The family had lived in River Falls for several years , officials said . The River Falls School District has arranged for counseling for families and students of Greenwood Elementary on Wednesday and Thursday , officials said . Source : DNA at Occupy protest similar to material on victim CD player The two older sisters attended Greenwood and "  are remembered as bright , happy , friendly children , " Superintendent Tom Westerhaus said in a written statement . "  The entire River Falls school family is shocked by this tragedy and deeply saddened by the loss of the three Schaffhausen girls , " Westerhaus said . Mayor Dan Toland described the incident as a tragedy . "  In these times , it is important for community members to support each other as we grieve the loss and deal with the shock together , " Toland said in a release . Official : Mom leaves mentally disabled daughter at bar , refuses to retrieve her Technology predicts crime Mugshot of the Day : ' I just strangled my girlfriend '	Aaron Schaffhausen , 34 , is being held in connection with the deaths of three daughters The girls , ages 11 , 8 and 5 , were living with their mother in River Falls , Wisconsin The couple divorced in January The father visited his ex-wife 's home while the three girls were there with a babysitter
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- Soldiers in full combat gear move silently through a sprawling shantytown in northern Rio de Janeiro , pointing weapons down narrow alleys and poking through sacks of cement in search of drugs . Residents walk by , barely looking at the troops sent in to occupy the Complexo da Mare as an emergency response to escalating violence in the city 's notorious favelas . Some 2,500 army troops and marines have moved in to reinforce police in an operation aimed at securing the slum , home to 130,000 people , ahead of the World Cup , which runs from June 12 to July 13 . . Seizing control from drug gangs was deemed a priority because the shantytown lies just a few kilometers from Rio 's international airport . "  It 's not a peaceful operation because we have three different criminal gangs here and they are rivals , " Gen. Roberto Escoto told CNN . The Rio state government requested the army occupation after a series of attacks against police posts . The troops will remain until at least July 31 , after the World Cup ends , Escoto said . "  It 's an emergency , " Escoto said . "  The state police so far do n't have enough policeman and enough equipment to operate in all the city . " It 's also the latest campaign in Rio 's so-called "  pacification " program launched in 2008 . Officials say that after neglecting security in the city 's poorest neighborhoods for decades , police have now seized control from drug gangs in dozens of slums . While soldiers have provided support during the initial campaign , they have been replaced by police posts in most operations . But for the Complexo da Mare , officials decided more drastic measures were needed . Unlike many of the favelas that cling to the hills near Rio 's picturesque beaches , the Complexo da Mare is a sprawling , mostly flat shantytown that combines 15 different neighborhoods in the city 's smoggy north zone . Cement-block houses are covered with colorful graffiti and loops of tangled wire hang overhead , evidence of the do-it-yourself electricity that powers most homes . Schoolchildren play soccer on a synthetic-turf court while residents sit at plastic tables set up in the street , drinking beer and listening to music blast over speakers , seemingly oblivious to the heavily armed soldiers who march by . When asked , they refuse to talk about the military occupation . Troops have set up checkpoints at the entrances to the favela and patrol the streets on foot and in armored personnel carriers . Soldiers with metal detectors and trained dogs search for hidden caches of arms or drugs . So far , they have registered more than a half dozen gun battles . The resurgence in violence in some of the favelas already pacified has raised alarms in a city that will host many of the 600,000 international fans attending the World Cup . Rio also will host the Olympic Games in 2016 . Tourists strolling along Copacabana Beach at the other end of the city said they were taking precautions , but not overly worried . Peter , a Belgian businessman in town for a conference , said he was given a brochure with a list of security suggestions when he arrived . "  I feel safe here , but I know where not to go , " he said . Simon , a Danish exchange student , agreed that a little knowledge goes a long way . "  Use common sense , grab a cab in the evening , " he said . "  Do n't use public transportation at night . " In the Complexo da Mare , Escoto said the military will have everything under control . "  I can assure you that Brazil has conducted a very well-planned operation to secure the 12 cities , " he said . "  Rio de Janeiro will be prepared for the World Cup , " he added , before his aides whisked him off , part of their policy never to let their top commander stay in one place for long in hostile territory .	Brazil army tackles drug gangs in sprawling slum Complexo de Mare , home to 130,000 people , is also home to drug rings General in charge says Rio de Janeiro will be prepared for the World Cup Then he is whisked away by guards who do n't let him stay in hostile territory for long
EW.com  -- After months of speculation about who would play the villain in the next James Bond installment , we finally have an answer , friendo : Javier Bardem . During an interview with Christiane Amanpour on Nightline , in which the Spanish actor talked about his involvement with a charity to help west Saharan refugees , Bardem confirmed that he would be playing the bad guy in "  Bond 23 . " "  I am very excited . My parents took me to watch the movies and I saw all of them . So to play that is going to be fun , " Bardem said about his joining the 00-franchise . "  They chose me to play this man , but I can not give you many details . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Spanish actor said he 's excited about the role "  So to play that is going to be fun , " Bardem said "  I can not give you many details , " he said
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- At least 31 people were dead after two days of torrential rains triggered flash floods in northwestern Turkey , sweeping cars into the sea and sending gushing water into homes and businesses , authorities said Wednesday . A Turkish woman awaits rescuers on her balcony following heavy morning rain in Istanbul . Twenty-six people were killed in Istanbul province and five in neighboring Tekirdag province , according to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Nine people were feared missing , he said . Among the fatalities in Istanbul were seven female textile workers who were trapped in their minivan , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported . Witnesses in the city of Istanbul said the flash floods hit at 7:30 a.m. Wednesday , washing through an industrial zone situated in a low-lying valley . Dozens of cargo trucks flipped or were ripped to pieces , the wreckage attracting crowds who watched the chaotic scene from nearby hilltops . See photos of the devastation " At a news conference in Istanbul 's Disaster Management Center , in front of walls of TVs showing live video feeds from Turkey 's largest city , Erdogan expressed condolences to families that lost loved ones during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Watch more about the deadly flooding " He said emergency workers rescued an estimated 1,300 people from the flash floods and pledged billions of Turkish lira for disaster relief in Istanbul and Tekirdag provinces . He also chided developers who built commercial and residential structures in riverbeds that are vulnerable to flooding . "  Our ancestors had a saying : ` The river 's revenge will be heavy , ' " Erdogan said . "  We should remember what our ancestors said . " In the wake of this week 's disaster , the prime minister called for relocating all such settlements from riverbeds and moving them to safer ground . Several roads in Istanbul city remained closed , including the airport road , CNN Turk said . Rescue missions were in full swing , with military helicopters whirring overhead . Residents were advised not to wander from their homes . "  We never had such rain in all the time I have been here , " said Zafer Ercan , deputy mayor of the town of Silivri , an hour west of Istanbul city . View images from iReporters He said that more than 200 cars were washed into the Sea of Marmara and 800 homes and businesses were flooded in the neighboring town of Selimpasa . The rain stopped Tuesday evening but resumed early Wednesday . Heavy overnight rain flooded western neighborhoods in Istanbul city . The amount of rain that has fallen in two days roughly equals what normally falls in six months in the Turkish province , Istanbul Gov. Muammer Guler told the state-run Anatolia News Agency . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Yesim Comert in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report .	At least 31 killed after torrential rains triggered flash floods in northwest Turkey 200 cars washed into Sea of Marmara ; 800 homes and businesses flooded Death toll expected to rise with reports of people being dragged by raging waters
CNN  -- Shamshiri in Tel Aviv is as busy as any restaurant might be during the lunch hour rush . Nestled in a part of the market area known as Little Persia , Shamshiri is run by Jews from Iran , providing a home away from home for other Iranian Jews . Moluk , the matriarch of her family , is just one of tens of thousands of Iranian Jews who immigrated to Israel during the course of the last 60 years . She arrived in Israel in 1964 from Isfahan , where her sister still lives to this day . In Iran there are an estimated 25,000 Jews remaining in the country , making it the largest Middle Eastern population center for the religion outside of Israel . Moluk , like many Iranian Jews in Israel , still keeps in touch with relatives back home . She says there are no problems between Jews and Muslims in Iran . Jews , she explains , can practice their faith freely in Iran and are not persecuted . But for most in Israel , talk of Iran focuses on the country 's nuclear program and what the government here believes is Tehran 's drive to develop nuclear weapons . The Iranian government steadfastly maintains its program is peaceful in nature . For Iranian Jews living in Israel , the debate about their homeland can not be escaped and in their market community in Tel Aviv there 's a keen awareness of the potential for an Israeli strike . Take Mansour , a spice shop owner . He came to Israel from Iran forty years ago . He says the Iran nuclear issue is a big mess , hard to understand with both Israel and Iran waiting to see who will act first . There are between 100,000 and 200,000 Iranian Jews and their descendants in Israel , and despite the hostile relations between Israel and Iran , they 're still able to closely follow events in their country of origin through internet radio stations like Radis In which broadcasts from Tel Aviv . One caller from Iran to the station says he wo n't be voting in the country 's upcoming elections as he believes they will be rigged . Barouch Davidi , one of the station 's presenters , says that after hearing stories from other callers , he believes the economic sanctions are really beginning to hurt the Iranian regime . It 's a view shared by analyst Meir Javedanfar , himself originally from Iran and who is now at the Herzliya Interdisciplinary Center college in Israel . He says the regime in Tehran is in danger because the economic price being paid for its nuclear program as a result of sanctions is actually "  a bigger existential threat to the Islamic Republic of Iran than to the State of Israel . " The sanctions are beginning to bite , says Javedanfar . A strike by Israel , he continues , should be only as a last resort . A strike , he argues , would be "  bad for two reasons . Number one , it would help the longevity of the Iranian regime . Number two , it could motivate it more to build the bomb . " Back at the restaurant , Moluk is not concerned about the tension over Iran 's nuclear program . "  I do n't believe it , " she says . "  It 's a bluff . We believe in good things . God told us to believe in the best . " On her wall , as if a throwback to earlier and presumably better times for Moluk and before the creation of the Islamic Republic of Iran , hangs a portrait of the late Shah and his son . Iranian Jews like Moluk and Mansour may be hoping for the best but preparing for the worst as politicians negotiate the future in the corridors of power , far away from this bustling Tel Aviv neighborhood .	Iran is largest Middle Eastern population center for Jews outside of Israel Jews can practice faith freely in Iran without persecution , says one Iranian Jew For Iranian Jews living in Israel , the debate about Iran can not be escaped
CNN  -- A fire broke out at Damascus International Airport when two mortar shells fired by rebels hit a kerosene tank and a parked plane Friday , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . The blaze was controlled and air traffic returned to normal operation , the agency said . The United Nations estimated in February that more than 70,000 people had died since the Syrian conflict began a little more than two years ago . At least 32 people died in violence across Syria on Friday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees said . Meanwhile , the death toll after a Thursday raid by government troops in the Syrian coastal region of Banias could be as high as 150 people , activists said Friday . Syrian state television said security forces raided the village of al-Bayda to capture terrorists . Footage on state television showed a seized cache of weapons . Activists say the incident as another example of the regime 's fierce clampdown on civilians . CNN can not independently verify reports of casualties in Syria because access by international media is heavily restricted . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Syrian government says the raid targeted terrorists Opposition says the violence was aimed at civilians Dozens of people are killed in a village in the coastal region , activists say
GALVESTON , Texas  CNN  -- Rescuers in Galveston , Texas , were going door-to-door Saturday to check on the estimated 20,000 people who failed to flee Hurricane Ike , which has slowed to tropical storm status . Park benches are strewn about in downtown Houston Saturday during Hurricane Ike . As of Saturday afternoon , the Galveston Fire Department had taken 27 people to a shelter in a high school on the coastal island , which was without electricity or water pressure . No casualties had been discovered so far in the search and rescue efforts , which have been hampered by heavy flooding and scattered debris . Galveston had ordered evacuation of the island , but Galveston City Manager Steve LeBlanc said about 40 percent of the city 's 57,523 residents chose to stay . LeBlanc said the island would be closed while authorities assess damages , including to the causeway , which was in "  bad shape " because of debris and road damage . "  The road buckled in a number of places , " LeBlanc said . "  Even if we opened it up you could n't get through . " LeBlanc said 17 buildings on the island had been destroyed by fires , potent winds and a strong storm surge . "  We are in a recovery mode , " Galveston Mayor Lyda Ann Thomas said in a press conference Saturday afternoon . "  This eye came right over us , stayed a while and went on , but it brought a lot of damage to our city . " Ike was downgraded Saturday to a tropical storm 11 hours after it crashed ashore as a Texas-sized hurricane that walloped southeast Texas and southwest Louisiana . In its wake , Ike -- which smashed into the coast as a Category 2 hurricane -- left four people dead , millions without power and destroyed homes and businesses along the Gulf Coast with powerful winds , rain and floodwaters . President Bush declared 29 Texas counties and parts of Louisianans major disaster areas , making federal funds available for recovery from the storm . View images of places hit by Ike " Many people , like D.J. Knight of Pearlman , Texas , decided to ride out the storm at home , despite voluntary and mandatory orders issued across the region . "  The windows looked like they would explode , " said Knight , a mother of two . "  It just would n't stop . " Now , without electricity and surrounded by flooded roads and wreckage , Knight wonders whether it was worth enduring a sleepless night as the storm shook her home , located about halfway between Galveston and Houston . "  I did n't think it would be as bad as it was , " she said . "  It was horrible . " Knight is one of thousands waiting for assistance as the state rolls out the largest search and rescue operation in Texas history . See pictures of the storm 's destruction " Gov. Rick Perry dispatched a 1,000-strong search and rescue team , including state troopers , pilots and members of the National Guard . Lines of National Guard trucks and ambulances were deployed from San Antonio even as officials are trying to grasp the extent of damage and the number of Texans stranded by the storm . However , flooding and debris have impeded rescue efforts in some areas , adding to the uncertainty about how many Texans actually survived the storm . "  We 're obviously concerned that there may be people we find who did n't get out and who are going to be in the rubble of what we uncover , " said Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff . "  We hope for the best , but I do want to prepare people for the fact they we may have some fatalities . " Chertoff said 40,000 Texans were in 250 shelters , and that food and water would be distributed in about 20 coastal locations as rescue efforts continue . In Galveston , which bore the brunt of the storm , floods filled the historic district with 7 feet of water at the storm 's peak , said Galveston County official Margaret Bunch . Watch how a spunky little girl braved the storm " A foot of water flooded the city 's main courthouse , where many people rode out the storm , she said . Wanda Collins ' garage filled with 5 feet of water , ruining everything inside , including a 2002 pickup truck , two Harley-Davidson motorcycles , a freezer and a washer and dryer . "  I have never in my life seen water like this , " the 30-year Galveston resident said . Burle and Jamie Holmes also refused to leave their Galveston home despite a grim warning from the National Weather Service . Ike forced the couple and their dog , Trouble , into the attic , tossing their furniture like toys across the house . "  We lost everything , " Jamie Holmes . Curfews are in place in Galveston until dawn Monday and in Houston 's Harris County until 6 a.m. Sunday . Houston Mayor Bill White said his city appears to have avoided loss of life , but streets blocked by floodwaters , downed trees and power lines hampered efforts to determine the full extent of the damage . Authorities shut down downtown Houston , where the streets were littered with traffic lights and glass , for cleanup and damage assessment . The city 's tallest skyscraper , the 75-story JP Morgan Chase Tower , was missing many of its windows . See iReporter 's images of destruction " White advised residents to drink bottled or boiled tap water as a precaution after a power outage reduced water pressure , but he said nothing indicated that the water supply was contaminated . Brennan 's , a popular restaurant in downtown Houston for almost four decades , burned down Friday night as Ike battered the city . North of Houston , a 10 - year-old boy died when a falling tree limb hit him in the head , the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office said . The boy 's father was cutting down a dead tree in the family 's yard in preparation for Ike 's heavy winds early Saturday . Nearly 2.6 million customers in Texas and Louisiana lack power because of Ike , the U.S. Energy Department said on Saturday . In Brazoria County , emergency management officials said the main power line for the Texas/New Mexico grid was down . CenterPoint Energy said 90 percent of its customers were without electricity and it could take a month or more to get power restored to all of them . iReporter Jackie Hensler of Houston said her apartment building 's power was restored quickly on Saturday morning after a stormy night . "  There are lots of trees down ; they 've been uprooted or snapped , " she said after venturing outside . "  There 's lots of debris in the streets , like boards and plywood from homes . " Watch how the roof peeled off a building " Hurricane Ike proved to be a huge storm system , 900 miles across at its largest . It remained a hurricane hours after crashing ashore over Galveston at 2:10 a.m. Its maximum sustained winds were near 80 mph , with higher gusts . It was expected to continue to weaken and move into western Arkansas by Saturday night . Track the storm " The storm surge , however , was smaller than forecast . The greatest surge , of 15 feet , happened at Sabine Pass , near the Texas-Louisiana line . Authorities had predicted surges of 20 to 25 feet . Authorities in Orange County , Texas , on the Louisiana line , were using large dump trucks Saturday to rescue residents trapped on their roofs by massive flooding , a county judge told CNN . The city of Orange and the town of Bridge City were flooded , Beaumont emergency official Brad Peneffon said . Watch the storm surge in Beaumont " Rescuers fanned out in boats Saturday in Cameron Parish , Louisiana , after the storm surge flooded 1,800 homes . Gas prices soared across the country amid fears the storm would disrupt fuel supplies . Ike hit a region that is home to about 25 percent of the United States ' oil refining capacity , and the storm 's progress across the Gulf of Mexico shut down crude oil collection from Gulf oil fields . The U.S. Department of Energy said 14 refineries were closed by the storm , along with two Texas strategic petroleum reserve sites . In Knoxville , Tennessee , Sean Kennedy expressed dismay at the difference a day made to gas prices . iReport.com : Evacuees , San Antonio mayor talk about Ike "  I filled up my tank yesterday morning on the way to work for $ 3.59 a gallon , " he said . "  This morning , gas prices at the same station were $ 5 a gallon for regular and $ 5.25 for premium . " The Coast Guard said early Saturday that 22 people aboard a freighter that was adrift in the Gulf of Mexico were safe after the storm . Some good news came out of the region Saturday . About 175 miles west of Houston , a storm evacuee delivered a baby in the ladies ' bathroom at a shelter in New Braunfels . "  The credit goes to the mother , " said Dr. Mark Burns , who helped deliver the baby . "  She did a beautiful job with her delivery . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Rusty Dornin , Sean Callebs , Rob Marciano , Gary Tuchman , Arthur Brice , Deb Krajnak and Elise Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : Wreckage impedes rescue efforts , adding to uncertainty about survivors Texas woman wonders whether it was worth it to ride out storm in home Four deaths in Texas attributed to Ike , now a tropical storm with 45 mph winds 2.6 million affected by power outages , U.S. Energy Department says
CNN  Thailand could soon recognize a third gender category for the first time in the country 's constitution . "  It is a human right if you were born a male or female and you want to have a sex change or lead a life of a different gender , " said Kamnoon Sittisamarn , the spokesperson of Constitution Drafting Committee , which is working on a new draft of the country 's constitution . "  People should have -LSB- that -RSB- freedom to change sex and they should be equally protected by the Constitution and the law and treated fairly . " Third gender means that an individual does not have to identify as either male or female , and gives their right to self-identify . If enacted , Thailand would join several Asian countries , including India , Pakistan and Nepal , that have recently moved to recognize third gender . This week , the Constitution Drafting Committee , a panel tapped by the current Thai military junta , started work on a new draft . The junta , which calls itself the National Council for Peace and Order , took power in May after a military coup . The old constitution recognizes people of different religion , age , gender -- but had not extended to transgender people . "  It is now time to recognize the existence of the third gender in Thai society , " said Sittisamarn . "  So we expand the region of protection as well . " "  Hopefully introducing third gender will help reduce discrimination in society . " The Constitution Drafting Committee is expected to consider various components of Thai law and submit it to review by April . The decision to legalize the Constitution will be made on August 6 . Acceptance in Thailand There 's a perception that transgender people are well accepted in Thailand , due to the availability of gender reassignment surgery . But challenges still exist , several transgender people living in Bangkok told CNN . "  First of all in Thailand , we 're pretty well-accepted , we can walk in the street and we do n't have to fear that someone 's going to shoot you in the head . At the same time , the most difficult thing is at a professional level , that people do n't accept people like us , " said Jenisa Limpanilchart , a businessperson . It 's difficult for transgender people , despite their education level , to get hired and accepted by companies , she added . And matters like which locker room or bathroom to use become a human resources issue . And there is no legal recourse when discrimination occurs , because there have been no laws to protect them , said Kath Khangpiboon , a transgender activist with the Thai Transgender Alliance in Bangkok . Another problem is that the gender marked on government documents does n't match how individuals identify their gender . When Khangpiboon travels , she gets pulled out of immigration lines for questioning by officials because of the gender marked on her passport . "  For trans people , we can not change our title name . I 'm still a ` mister ' in my country . I can not change my title . My name is Mr. Kath , " said Khangpiboon , a transgender woman . While recognizing the third gender would not resolve all the challenges , it would be "  history " for our advocacy work , she added . More nations recognize third gender Earlier last year , India 's Supreme Court granted the country 's transsexual and transgender individuals the right to self-identify their gender . Asian countries including Nepal , Pakistan and Bangladesh have implemented policies recognizing third gender in recent years . Australia started allowing a third gender option in passports in 2011 . According to a 2012 report by the Global Commission on HIV and the Law , 20 countries have passed progressive legislation on the issue , including Argentina , Uruguay , and Portugal . Even as transgender people are no longer forced to conform to specific genders in certain countries , they are still denied acceptance in many societies . Same-sex marriage remains illegal in countries like Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and Bhutan . And Thailand does not have plans to legalize same sex marriages in its constitution , said Sittisamarn .	Thailand constitution looks to recognize third gender People have right to change sex and be protected by Thai constitution , says spokesman
CNN  -- Standard & Poor 's move lowering the U.S. credit rating from AAA to AA + shook global markets over the weekend as traders reacted to the news . Shares dipped across the Middle East Sunday as the region 's exchanges were among the first global markets to open since the historic downgrade . Israel 's stock market fell more than 6 % , and the Tel Aviv 25 Index ended the trading day down 6.99 % . The Dubai Financial Market  DFM  General Index fell 3.7 % on Sunday . And the General Index on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange lost 2.5 % . In Saudi Arabia , the Tadawul All-Share Index gained less than 0.1 % after dropping nearly 5.5 % Saturday . Analysts predict more slides as markets in other countries open Monday at the beginning of the work week there . U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner will participate in a conference call Sunday evening with other representatives of Group of Seven industrialized nations to discuss the downgraded U.S. credit rating , a G-7 official told CNN . The G-7 nations are Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States . The Bank of Israel issued a statement Sunday aimed at reassuring investors . "  So far the debt crises abroad have had a limited impact on Israel , due to its macroeconomic strength , achieved by means of adherence to fiscal discipline , among other things , in the last few years , " the statement said . But one analyst said the U.S. debt crisis may be a symptom of a larger problem Israel faces . "  The United States is in serious trouble , gradually weakening , in a major crisis , " said Pinchas Landau , an independent financial advisor in Israel and the publisher of the Landau Report . "  This constitutes bad news for the state of Israel . It means that the strategic , financial , military , political backup for Israel is weakening . " The move by S&P , one of the leading credit rating agencies , came Friday -- just days after Congress approved a deal to deliver $ 2.1 trillion in savings over the next decade . The deal followed heated debt-ceiling talks in Washington . One person close to S&P 's decision to downgrade the U.S. credit rating told CNN Saturday that the agency expects the action to have "  very mild real-world impact . " Rating agencies such as S&P , Moody 's and Fitch analyze risk and give debt a grade that is supposed to reflect the borrower 's ability to repay its loans . The safest bets are stamped AAA . That 's where the U.S. debt has stood for years . Moody 's first assigned the United States an AAA rating in 1917 . Fitch and Moody 's , the other two main credit ratings agencies , maintained the AAA rating for the United States after last week 's debt deal , though Moody 's lowered its outlook on U.S. debt to "  negative . " A negative outlook indicates the possibility that Moody 's could downgrade the country 's sovereign credit rating within a year or two . Stock market values fell Friday across Europe and Asia , where reaction to news of the U.S. credit downgrade was mixed . A scathing editorial in the Chinese state-run Xinhua News Agency criticized the United States for living outside its means . "  China , the largest creditor of the world 's sole superpower , has every right now to demand the United States to address its structural debt problems and ensure the safety of China 's dollar assets , " the editorial said . "  To cure its addiction to debts , the United States has to re-establish the common sense principle that one should live within its means . " CNN 's Athena Jones , Guy Azriel , Deborah Doft and John Raedler contributed to this report .	NEW : G-7 nations will hold a conference call to discuss the downgraded rating Shares dip across the Middle East as markets open Israel 's Tel Aviv 25 index ends the trading day down 6.99 % The Dubai Financial Market  DFM  General Index falls 3.7 %
CNN  -- A near all-black Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner has been delivered to launch customer Air New Zealand , giving Boeing fans and aviation nerds a dramatic introduction to this latest model of the fuel-efficient plane . The head-turning aircraft , sporting a special edition , mostly black livery , was handed over to the carrier in Everett , Washington , with around 1,000 Boeing employees and Air New Zealand executives attending . "  It 's a big night for us all , seeing the plane come out of the hangar here , " said Air New Zealand captain David Morgan . "  I 'm very excited to be able to get my hands on this aircraft and proudly fly it back to New Zealand . " Newer = bigger The 787-9 is 20 feet longer than its predecessor , the 787-8 , and can hold 40 more passengers . It also has a greater range of 8,000-8 ,500 nautical miles , compared to the 787-8 's range of 7,650-8 ,200 . "  Obviously with their geography they 're the perfect airline to really exercise this airplane -- they 'll really be able to use the amazing performance that the 787-9 has , " said Boeing 's Mark Jenks , vice president , 787 Airplane Development . The manufacturer said it was on track to deliver 10 of the new planes to Air New Zealand by mid-year . Twenty-six customers have ordered 409 787-9s to date , accounting for 40 % of all 787 orders . Due to a lighter , composite body , the plane can operate on 20 % less fuel than other similar sized planes and offers design features such as larger , dimmable windows and in-cabin LED lighting . Flight routes Air New Zealand will begin operating its 787-9 in October 2014 , flying from Auckland to Perth , Australia . In November it 'll begin flights from Auckland to Tokyo and Shanghai . The launch aircraft will offer 302 seats total , with the business premier cabin housing 18 lie-flat seats , a premium economy cabin with 21 seats and two economy cabins with 263 seats total . The plane will also have 14 Skycouch rows -- a design unique to the Kiwi airline that turns a row of three economy seats into a three-seater "  couch . " The plane will arrive in Auckland this Friday , July 11 . Frances Cha contributed to this story .	Launch customer Air New Zealand took hold of the first 787-9 Dreamliner on July 8 , 2014 Aircraft featured a dramatic , limited edition , nearly all-black livery Flights will begin in October 2014 from Auckland to Perth , and then Auckland to Tokyo and Shanghai a month later
New York  CNN  -- Family heirlooms are often packed away for safe keeping . For one man from China , hiding a 26-carat black diamond worth $ 14.5 million was not in his plans . A businessman from Hong Kong commissioned craftsman Stuart Hughes of Liverpool to help him show off his family treasure . The result ? An iPhone 5 boasted by Hughes to be "  the world 's most expensive phone , " valued at $ 15 million . According to Hughes ' website , this iPhone includes 600 flawless white diamonds , a full solid gold dressing and 53 diamonds on the rear that make up the iconic Apple logo . However , the reason this particular iPhone is so valuable is on the face of the phone . The Chinese businessman , identified only as "  Joe , " contacted Hughes and asked to have a rare , black diamond incorporated into the iPhone . "  It 's not often that people get to deal with a very , very rare diamond , " Hughes said . Hughes said he was contacted 18 months ago by Joe , who expressed interest in his gold chassis iPhone handsets . Joe then told Hughes about the black diamond that had been in his family for generations . Hughes spent nine weeks creating the solid gold chassis of an iPhone 5 and then placed the black diamond as the home button . The appraisal Joe had done on the black diamond put its value at approximately $ 14.5 million , according to Hughes , who said he saw the certificate of authenticity . Hughes told CNN that one of the solid gold handsets with the diamonds that he crafts is worth approximately $ 153,000 . "  We had a tech guy in Macau who was able to set the stone , which to this day has never left China , " Hughes said . Hughes set a record in 2011 for crafting an iPhone 4S with 500 individual diamonds , totaling more than 100 carats . That phone was estimated to be valued at $ 9 million . The 42-year-old craftsman is known for making lavish and expensive items , including an iPad made of solid gold he debuted two years ago . "  I am a craftsman , " Hughes said . "  I basically fulfill and make up these ideas . " Throughout the years and his many projects , Hughes said this particular handset is right up near the top of the most lavish projects he 's completed .	The "  iPhone 5 Black Diamond " is estimated to be worth $ 15 million Black diamond in the home button was appraised at $ 14.5 million Lavish UK craftsman Stuart Hughes was contacted by Chinese businessman Rare , black diamond has been in the family for generations
CNN  -- Seven members of the Mexican military were found inside the United States on Friday , telling border agents they had become disoriented while on patrol and accidentally crossed into the country , the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol said . The incident began about 8 a.m. Friday , when the Border Patrol 's Yuma , Arizona , sector was notified that a military-style Hummer was broken down , Customs and Border Patrol said in a written statement . Agents said they found the vehicle about 200 yards from the Colorado River , and the seven individuals were dressed in military-style clothing . Customs and Border Patrol later determined that the troops ' entry was unauthorized . U.S. agents told the Mexican troops they were inside the United States and "  peaceably " took them into custody , the statement said . "  At no time were any hostilities exchanged between the agents and military officials . " Watch how Mexican troops found their way in the United States " The Hummer was equipped with a turret-mounted machine gun , the Border Patrol said . According to Customs and Border Patrol , the soldiers were assigned to the 23rd Regiment Motorized Cavalry of the Mexican Army . The soldiers said they believed that they were still in Mexico because they remained on the south side of a newly constructed border fence . "  The soldiers , weapons and vehicle were placed in Border Patrol custody and transported to the CBP San Luis , Arizona , Port of Entry , where each of the subjects was processed in accordance with Border Patrol policy , " the statement said . None of the seven had any criminal or immigration history , the agency said . The soldiers , weapons and vehicle were repatriated and "  remanded into the custody of their commanding officer , " the Border Patrol said . The incident remains under investigation , however , and the Border Patrol 's Office of Internal Affairs was notified , the statement said . "  This is not an uncommon occurrence , " Rep. Tom Tancredo , R-Colorado , told CNN . "  Often times , it is the result of the Mexican military providing cover essentially for drug transportation across into our country , and/or creating a diversion so it will draw our people away from the place where the drugs are coming across . " In August , the Border Patrol said Mexican troops had crossed the border illegally 42 times since October 2007 . Tancredo said the U.S. State Department lodged a complaint with the Mexican government for the first time over the military incursions a few weeks ago . Attempts to contact the State Department and the Mexican government Friday were unsuccessful . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Mexican troops make accidental incursion into U.S. , border agents say Troops say they became disoriented while on patrol Troops were taken into custody , later returned to their commanding officer
EW.com  -- Rebel Wilson will emcee the 2013 MTV Movie Awards , the network announced Thursday in a "  first look " trailer that aired during the "  Jersey Shore " finale . Set to air on April 14 , this is the "  Pitch Perfect " star 's first time hosting , and the first time a woman has hosted since Sarah Silverman 's stint in 2007 . On top of the delightful news that Amy Poehler and Tina Fey are hosting the Golden Globes this year , we 're hoping the female comedian-as-host trend continues . Take a look at the trailer , featuring Wilson herself , here . After her over-the-top roles in "  Bridesmaids " and "  Pitch Perfect , " we ca n't wait to see her signature comedy style on the annual awards show . In the show 's 20 year history , the hosts have been inconsistent . Remember Jessica Alba in 2006 ? Lindsay Lohan even hosted one year  $ " but her one-off hosting gig in 2004 was during a more innocent time for the troubled starlet . ` Parks and Rec ' : Jenny Slate to guest as ... Since 2007 , single comedian hosts have reclaimed the show , including Andy Samberg , Aziz Ansari , Jason Sudeikis , and Russell Brand . When it comes to keeping an awards show amusing , comedians generally have the advantage over actors . Mindy Kaling for 2014 ? Just a thought . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The 2013 MTV Movie Awards is set to air on April 14 "  Pitch Perfect " star Rebel Wilson will host the event This is the first time a woman has hosted since Sarah Silverman 's stint in 2007
CNN  -- In many ways , Musab Al-Jamal makes for an unassuming rebel . His mission is seemingly innocuous . He merely wants to educate the swarms of college-aged Syrian refugees who have been forced to abandon their studies while fleeing Syria . "  The universities in Syria are basically like prisons for students , " says Al-Jamal . "  They capture or arrest anyone who opposes the regime . On the other hand , universities outside the country often do n't accept Syrian students , or the students ca n't pay the fees or speak the local language . " To some , it may seem like access to higher education is hardly a priority for the 2.5 million refugees that have fled Syria since the conflict started three years ago . To Al-Jamal and his fellow academics , however , it is a seminal component in one day rebuilding a broken country . "  If  the students who left their studies  come back to Syria ignorant and illiterate , they wo n't be able to help their country , " he says . A former law professor from Damascus University , Al-Jamal joined other faculty ousted from the ravaged country to start offering lectures to students in liberated regions inside Syria , and in neighboring countries . In 2013 , he set up the Free Syrian University , an academic institution housed in an apartment building in Reyhanli , a Turkish town near the Syrian border . It offers 13 majors , including law , psychology and business . The university is mainly funded by Al-Jamal himself , and a host of academic volunteers donating their time and expertise to the cause  Al-Jamal gives them a one-time payment of $ 1,500 when they sign up  . Any student with the means contributes $ 280 per semester for their education . "  The amount is mainly symbolic , " admits Al-Jamal . "  It barely covers 10 % of expenses . " It 's difficult to discern how many Syrians have had to abandon their studies since the conflict started , though , according to Keith Watenpaugh , an associate professor at the University of California , Davis , and the co-author of a study on Syria 's refugee university students in Jordan , the number likely exceeds 100,000 . "  Our major concern is that the longer this conflict goes on , the more you 're creating a lost generation of college students , " he says . ` Studying is holy ' Today , Syria 's universities -- like many of the country 's social institutions -- are , essentially , collapsing . Watenpaugh estimates they 're operating at 50 % capacity , hampered by security issues , fleeing faculty , and broken-down infrastructure . Often , he notes , students have to cross battle lines just to attend classes . Male students -- who were once exempt from military service -- are now pressured into it . For those reasons , there is little impetus for those inside the country to continue their schooling . It 's a marked change from how education was treated in recent decades . "  I think something that is often lost on people who are only coming to think about Sryia post-conflict is how important education was as a place where different minorities and genders mixed . Syria was a place in which education could be accessed by anyone who received the requisite score on an exam , " says Adrienne Fricke , a human rights consultant and co-author of Watenpaugh 's study . "  There 's long been a deep commitment to education , and it 's not just window dressing . Historically providing educational access was considered one of the things the Ba'ath party did really well . " For those students forced to give up their schooling , their commitment to higher learning has n't diminished , even if their opportunities to pursue it have . On a research trip to Za'atari refugee camp in Jordan last April , Watenpaugh recalls meeting a group of female engineering students who smuggled their computers out of the country . "  We asked them how supportive their parents were , and if they would let them go abroad to study . They all answered yes . One woman said , ` in our house , studying is holy . ' " Overcoming obstacles ? The challenges facing those who want to continue their education are fierce . "  They range from the prosaic , like not having a transcript , or maybe just having a photocopied one , to the substantive , like having to choose between tuition and taking care of family , " says Watenpaugh . Neighboring countries do n't always make it easy . Jordan , for instance , is hostile to refugee institutions that risk becoming permanent . In Turkey , there 's the added barrier of language . On top of everything else , space is limited , both at foreign universities , and at the Free Syrian University , which can accommodate little more than 800 students -- a fact that keeps Al-Jamal awake at night . "  I regret that I 'm not able to accept the whole Syrian student body , but we do n't have the capabilities . We could only do that if we had more funding , " he says . Furthermore , the refugee population , of both students and faculty , is disparate , with many still stuck in Syria . To remedy this , Al-Jamal offers lessons via Skype , Facebook and email . Interestingly , many of Syria 's fragmented student population seem to have a singular focus , according to Fricke : returning home one day . She says this is evidenced by the fact that courses at the Free Syrian University are taught in Arabic , not Turkish . She also cites the fact that several thousand Syrian refugees in opposition-held areas of Syria and in neighboring countries rallied to take the high school exit exams based on the revised 2011 Syrian curriculum . According to Fricke , several hundred students chose to take the exit exams recognized by the Syrian opposition government in exile in Libya . "  The primary reason to sit for Syrian exams outside of Syria is because you think you can go back and use them there , especially when it is not clear who outside of Syria will recognize the results , " says Fricke . Watch : Zaatari refugees plant their own vegetables	By some estimates , 100,000 Syrians have had to abandon university Analysts say education will be the key to rebuilding Syria Students in Syria risk harassment , jail time and death to go to school A new institution run by academics in exile hopes to save Syrians through education
CNN  -- Pre-order response to the iPhone 5 has been massive , outstripping expectations of analysts , who were bullish on Apple 's latest smartphone to begin with , and apparently of Apple itself . Apple received more than 2 million pre-orders in the first 24 hours , double the number it got for last year 's record-setting iPhone 4S release , the company said . Apple 's initial promise to ship pre-ordered phones in a week , the same day they become available at Apple Stores and other retailers , was pushed back just an hour after pre-orders opened up at midnight Thursday . Now , it could take up to a month for the phones to ship . Wednesday morning , Apple 's online store said a pre-ordered iPhone 5 would be shipped in three to four weeks . Apple has n't released up-to-date pre-order numbers . But Piper Jaffrey analyst Gene Munster estimates the company could announce as many as 10 million sales by Monday morning . His "  worst case " scenario is 6 million . Analyst Shaw Wu of Sterne Agee made light of initial reviews from the tech press that suggested the phone was n't as new or different as Apple claims . "  We find it interesting that many tech blogs and reviewers panned the iPhone 5 saying it ` lacked the wow factor ' similar to the iPhone 4 that was plagued by ` antenna-gate ' and the iPhone 4S which was a relatively ` minor ' and ` disappointing ' update with Siri as the key new feature , " he wrote . "  The previous iPhones went on to sell record number of units and we believe iPhone 5 will likely see a similar result . " Brian White of Topeka Capital Markets agrees , saying his initial prediction of 5.5 million sales over the weekend was probably way too low . Apple 's stock , which crested at $ 700 per share this week , could spiral to a mind-boggling $ 1,100 by this time next year , he said . Some folks were already seeking to cash in on the wave of popularity Friday -- before they even got their hands on one of the phones . CNN iReport : Lining up for an iPhone 5 ? On eBay , an unlocked , 16GB iPhone 5 had been bid up to more than $ 1,200 on Friday , presumably by folks in countries where the smartphone wo n't be released for weeks . Others were selling at prices ranging from $ 650 to $ 1,000 . The iPhone 5 will be available at Apple stores in the United States , which will open at 8 a.m. Friday . Also selling them will be AT&T , Sprint and Verizon stores and some Best Buy , RadioShack , Target and Walmart locations . As the debut nears , Apple has dropped the price of the iPhone 4S to $ 99 and the iPhone 4 is now free with a mobile service econtract .	iPhone 5 pre-sales outstrip expectations Apple has pushed back the shipping date on pre-orders three to four weeks Analysts : 10 million iPhone 5s could be sold by Monday
CNN  -- Nelson Mandela 's willingness to forgive and forget helped peacefully end an era of white domination in his native South Africa . But as news of his death spread , mourners there and around the world professed that he , himself , would never be forgotten . "  Mandela 's biggest legacy ... was his remarkable lack of bitterness and the way he did not only talk about reconciliation , but he made reconciliation happen in South Africa , " said F.W. de Klerk , South Africa 's last white president before giving way to Mandela , the country 's first black leader . South Africa 's current leader announced late Thursday that , after years suffering from health ailments , the man known widely by his clan name of Madiba died at 8:50 p.m.  1:50 p.m. ET  surrounded by family . He was 95 . "  He is now resting . He is now at peace , " President Jacob Zuma said late Thursday . "  Our nation has lost its greatest son . Our people have lost a father . " Special report : Nelson Mandela The official SAPA news agency reported early Friday that Mandela 's body had been moved to a military hospital in Pretoria . It 's expected to be embalmed in the next three to four days , after which there will be a public memorial service at a Johannesburg soccer stadium , according to government sources . Then , his casket will lie in state for several days in Pretoria , and next week -- probably Friday or Saturday -- it will be flown to his ancestral hometown of Qunu for a state funeral and burial , the sources said . Until that funeral , Zuma has ordered flags around South Africa to be "  flown at half-mast , " something that other countries including the United States and United Kingdom are also doing . The African National Congress -- the political party long associated with Mandela -- said "  our nation has lost a colossus , an epitome of humility , equality , justice , peace and the hope of millions . " "  The large African Baobab , who loved Africa as much as he loved South Africa , has fallen , " the party said in a statement , comparing Mandela to a sturdy tree found in Africa . "  Its trunk and seeds will nourish the earth for decades to come . " As news spreads , mourners recall ` remarkable man ' Throngs -- some of them in pajamas , due to the late hour -- gathered outside Mandela 's house in a Johannesburg suburb after word of his death was announced , with people of all races singing , dancing and otherwise paying tribute to the late leader . Some said the news had n't sunk in yet , while others expressed relief that he died peacefully , according to the official SAPA news agency . "  We must pay tribute to Mandela , the best state leader of all time , " said 23-year-old Zaid Paruk . Similar scenes broke out elsewhere in the country including Soweto , southwest of Johannesburg , where some celebrated Mandela 's life draped in ANC and South African flags . Leon Curling-Hope said she was at a work Christmas party when revelers began singing the national anthem upon hearing the news . "  Everyone is emotional but the messages that are going out are of love and happiness , " said Curling-Hope , a CNN iReporter . "  Everyone is holding each other singing and talking about the great memories we all have . " Describing him as "  a remarkable man , " de Klerk told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , "  South Africa , notwithstanding political differences , stands united today , in mourning . " Carrying on the work of Mandela While the pain resonated most in his homeland , news of Mandela 's death echoed worldwide . Moments after Zuma spoke , the U.N. Security Council had a moment of silence in his honor , with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon later calling Mandela "  a giant for justice and a down-to-earth inspiration . " Irish leader Enda Kenny said Mandela 's name "  became synonymous with the pursuit of dignity and freedom across the globe . " "  A great light has gone out in the world , " tweeted British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  Nelson Mandela was a hero of our time . " Reaction from U.S. politicians was similarly swift , with ex-Presidents George H. W. Bush calling Mandela "  a man of tremendous moral courage " and Bill Clinton remembering him as "  a man of uncommon grace and compassion , for whom abandoning bitterness and embracing adversaries was not just a political strategy but a way of life . " Obama : ` He belongs to the ages ' "  We 've lost one of the most influential , courageous and profoundly good human beings that any of us will share time with on this earth , " said current U.S. President Barack Obama , the first black leader of his own country who said his first public activism was an anti-apartheid protest . "  He no longer belongs to us . He belongs to the ages . " Kenyan activist : Mandela saved my life The immensely popular leader largely stayed out of the public spotlight in recent years due to his medical issues , including a hospitalization for a lung infection in June . On September 1 , Mandela was discharged from a Pretoria hospital where he had been receiving treatment since June , according to Zuma 's office . He was moved to a home in the Johannesburg suburb of Houghton , where a bedroom was transformed into something akin to an intensive care unit , according to his ex-wife , Winnie Madikizela-Mandela . Last month , Madikizela-Mandela told South Africa 's Sunday Independent newspaper that tubes used to clear his lungs meant to prevent infections also made it so that he could not speak . She said then that he "  remains quite ill , " with doctors tending to him regularly . "  He communicates with the face , you see , " Madikizela-Mandela told the newspaper then . His history of lung problems dates to his days in Robben Island , where he was imprisoned for 27 years as part of his fight to overturn the country 's system of racial segregation . Tokyo Sexwale , who was incarcerated a few meters from Mandela , recalled him as "  a very formidable and larger-than-life figure " who was nonetheless "  very humble " and loving . "  He was embraced even by white wardens , his own jailers , because he demonstrated that through the power of dialogue ... people on different sides , former enemies can come together , " Sexwale told CNN . Toiled to dismantle entrenched apartheid Mandela emerged from prison more prominent than ever and in 1994 -- four years after his release and one year after earning the Nobel Peace Prize with de Klerk , who was then South Africa 's president -- he became South Africa 's first black president . Statesman , President , ambassador to the world Mandela left the presidency in 1999 , but remained one of South Africa 's most respected and revered international ambassadors , a model for world and particularly African leaders . And a new generation has been introduced to him through movies such as "  Invictus " and "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom . " The latter film was in the middle of its London premiere when news broke of Mandela 's death , though attendees -- Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , among them -- did n't learn about it until producer Anant Singh came onstage as the closing credits ran . He explained that Mandela 's daughters had said the premiere should go on ; there then was a moment of silence in Oden Cinema . "  It was as if he was born to teach the age a lesson in humility , in humor and above all else in patience , " said Bono , the U2 singer and Africa activist . "  In the end , Nelson Mandela showed us how to love rather than hate , not because he had never surrendered to rage or violence , but because he learned that love would do a better job . " Hollywood reacts to loss of a legend His last high-profile public appearance came in 2010 , when South Africa hosted soccer 's World Cup . His family members and South African officials have updated the public on his life since , including numerous hospitalizations and his eventual return to his Mandela has been hailed as a pioneer , a statesman , a hero , someone who maintained his easy smile and demeanor after decades of turmoil . To many South Africans , he was known simply , affectionately as Tata -- the word for father in Xhosa tribe . "  What made Nelson Mandela great was precisely what made him human , " said Zuma . "  We saw in him what we seek in ourselves . " A man of many handshakes CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Faith Karimi , Robyn Curnow , Susannah Palk and Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : State news : Mandela 's body is moved to a military hospital in Pretoria NEW : Producer : Mandela 's kin give their OK for London film premiere to continue 4 years after his release from prison , Mandela became South Africa 's first black president President : After years of health issues , he died Thursday surrounded by his family
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian authorities are investigating six suspicious deaths and at least one car explosion this week about 240 kilometers  150 miles  from the site of next month 's Winter Olympics , they said Thursday . The deaths in southern Russia 's Stavropol territory , which borders the province where the Olympics will be held in Sochi , have prompted security forces to conduct an anti-terrorism sweep there , state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . It 's one of the latest moves to address security concerns before the games . The bodies of three men and explosive material were found Thursday in a vehicle in Maryinskaya in Stavropol province , Russia 's Investigative Committee said on its website . A day earlier , a vehicle containing a body exploded in Tambukan , in the same province , as police approached it , and two other bodies were found in other vehicles in Zolskaya Wednesday , the Investigative Committee said . The latest alert comes amid heightened concern about security following twin bombings on public transit in the southern city of Volgograd at the end of last month . No group has claimed responsibility for those attacks , but suspicion has fallen on Chechen separatist groups . Three people also died last month in a car bombing in the city of Pyatigorsk , in Stavropol territory . Dmitri Trenin , director of the Moscow Carnegie Center , said it appeared that the latest killings may be the work of Islamist militants from the tiny North Caucasus republic of Kabardino-Balkaria , which neighbors Stavropol territory . The militants have carried out similar attacks on taxi drivers and other ordinary people in the past three to four years , he said . They are motivated by a vendetta against the local police and authorities and , more broadly , against the secular Russian state . The latest security incidents are not likely to be directly linked to the Winter Olympics in Sochi but are part of a bigger picture of unrest in the North Caucasus region , Trenin said . They are receiving more attention than usual because of the upcoming games , he added . There has been no official confirmation that militants from Kabardino-Balkaria were involved in the suspicious deaths in Stavropol territory . Cossacks boost Sochi security A special exclusion zone went into force in Sochi on Tuesday , under which access to the Black Sea resort town is heavily restricted . About 400 Cossacks arrived Thursday in Sochi , where they will be deployed to assist the police during the games and provide security for visiting athletes and tourists , RIA Novosti said . They will accompany police patrols in full traditional uniform , including fur hats and swords , the news agency said , in a move that carries echoes of Tsarist Russia . The Cossacks are known for their military prowess . Security analysts have warned that terrorists targeting the games may try to strike elsewhere in Russia against softer targets than those in Sochi . Chechen warlord Doku Umarov , leader of the Islamist Caucasus Emirate group , last summer called on his followers to do what they could to disrupt the games . One month before Olympics , Russia puts Sochi under high security CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Nic Robertson reported from Moscow . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	Russian authorities are looking into 6 suspicious deaths in southern Russia Stavropol territory borders the province where the Winter Olympics will be held in Sochi Explosive material and the bodies of 3 men were found in a vehicle Thursday A vehicle containing a body exploded Wednesday ; two other bodies were found nearby
CNN  -- A man was charged Saturday in Wales with the murder and abduction of a 5-year-old girl , April Jones , who has been missing since Monday . Mark Bridger has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice , prosecutor Iwan Jenkins said . Meanwhile , the police search for April continues in and around the town of Machynlleth , in a remote corner of rural mid-Wales . Bridger , 46 , was arrested on suspicion of murder Friday . He had been in police custody since being arrested on suspicion of abduction Tuesday . He will appear before magistrates in Aberystwyth on Monday morning , Jenkins said . "  I realize that this is an incredibly difficult time for April 's family , friends and the community , " he added . Superintendent Ian John , of Dyfed-Powys Police , said that the force remained "  totally focused and committed " to finding April . Specialist police search teams have been scouring building in and around Machynlleth , as well as the surrounding mountainous and wooded countryside and a nearby flooded river . Hundreds of local volunteers who had been helping police in the hunt were asked to leave the search to the professionals as it became apparent that it was now a murder inquiry . April 's mother made an emotional appeal earlier this week for information leading to her daughter . She was taken from a street near her home as she played on her bicycle with a friend . Chief Constable Jackie Roberts said the investigation had been "  one of the most complex and fast moving " in the history of the police force . She also paid tribute to the efforts of local residents who had rallied round to try to help the little girl . Prime Minister David Cameron earlier this week said the abduction was "  every parent 's nightmare . " CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is an incredibly difficult time for April 's family , " prosecutor says Mark Bridger is charged with murder , child abduction Police continue to search for the missing 5-year-old April Jones was abducted from a street near her home on Monday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- After being laid off from a corporate job , many people might use their severance money to pay bills or buy groceries . Keren Taylor used hers to launch a nonprofit . "  A lot of people were wondering what the hell I was doing , " Taylor said . The former sales executive dipped into her savings and began working 18-hour days to start a creative writing program for at-risk teenagers in Los Angeles . "  Some of our girls face the greatest challenges teens could ever face : violence at home , violence in their community , huge schools with security guards in the parking lot and in the lunchroom , " said Taylor , 50 . "  They need to know that their voice is important . Their stories are important . " In the Los Angeles public schools , nearly one in five students drops out before high school graduation . In the last 12 years , Taylor 's organization , WriteGirl , has helped around 500 girls graduate high school and go on to college . The power of a girl -- and her pen This year , 350 girls from 60 area high schools are participating in Taylor 's program . All the girls receive one-on-one mentoring to work on their writing , speaking skills and academics . This , Taylor says , gives them the confidence to speak up and reach out for help in school , in their relationships and at home . "  There are so many girls with so many heart-wrenching stories , " Taylor said . "  I often wake up in the night thinking about them . " About 150 girls take part in the group 's "  Core Program . " Some meet with a designated mentor every week ; others attend monthly workshops for mentor support . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes Taylor expects all 60 of the seniors in the core program to enroll in college next year . "  We are working feverishly to make sure they all go to college , even though this is the biggest number that we 've ever had , " she said . The other participating students are critically at-risk : Many are pregnant , have children or are incarcerated . "  Our van  takes our volunteers to them , " Taylor said . "  That 's been really exciting to bring the program to girls who otherwise would n't be able to come to us . " Finding their voice Taylor says the program helps the girls improve their grades and their confidence . "  They can walk into a WriteGirl workshop and they 're not going to get criticized , judged , graded , any of that , " she said . "  They can just relax , let their ideas out and grow as individuals . " Anastasia said she was flunking classes until she was paired with a WriteGirl mentor who took the time to work with her every week . "  My grammar improved , my sentences were beyond amazing , so it was amazing how I transformed , " said the 14-year-old . "  I used to get F 's , and now I get A 's , B 's and C 's . " "  A lot of our girls have those ah-ha moments , like , ` Wow , I could be a journalist . ' Or ' I could go on to go to college outside of Los Angeles , ' " Taylor said . "  They have these eye-opening experiences that really give them a lot more hope about their future . " The talent pool WriteGirl mentors include journalists , screenwriters , authors , poets and executives from varied backgrounds and ethnicities . Each is asked to commit at least one hour a week to their mentee . "  Some mentors say it 's the most rewarding thing they 've ever done , " Taylor said . "  They  tell us they get just as much as they give , if not more . " Mentors and mentees also participate in monthly programs that explore subjects such as poetry , journalism and screenwriting . The girls can also receive help with college applications . Each girl has the opportunity to submit their writing for publication . Taylor has directed the production of more than two dozen collections of works by teenage girls and their mentors . WriteGirl publications have received numerous awards . Taylor , who did n't take a salary for two years so the the program could get going , says she has no regrets about her decision to abandon the corporate world . "  I wanted to do something that would be inspiring and something that would have meaning for others , " she said . "  I wake up every morning and I think about how we can make a greater impact . " Want to get involved ? Check out the WriteGirl website at www.writegirl.org and see how to help .	Keren Taylor began WriteGirl , a writing program for at-risk teens in Los Angeles The former sales exec started the nonprofit with severance pay when she was laid off Participants get one-on-one mentoring to work on writing , speaking skills and schoolwork Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Johnson & Johnson announced Friday it is voluntarily recalling a single lot of Aveeno Baby Calming Comfort Lotion after a test by the Food and Drug Administration found it contained more of a form of bacteria than specifications allow . "  That test indicated that the lot exceeded the specifications for common bacteria , though extensive testing by an independent laboratory afterward did not show that specifications were exceeded , " the company said in a news release . "  However , Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies Inc. has voluntarily initiated this recall out of an abundance of caution . This action is not being undertaken on the basis of adverse events and the potential for adverse health effects is remote . " The company identified the bacteria as coagulase-negative Staphylococci , which it described as a family of bacteria that naturally occurs in the environment . "  These are common bacteria often found on the skin and scalp of babies and adults , and found in commonly used household and cosmetic products , at very low levels , " it said . It did not release the amount that was detected . The lot number , embossed on the tube , is 0161LK . The product was distributed in Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Kansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Tennessee and Texas , the company said . It urged consumers who would like a refund to call 877-298-2525 . But Johnson & Johnson Vice President of Communications Bonnie Jacobs said the recall is being carried out at the retail level , and consumers who have bought the affected product can still use it . "  They do not have to take any action , " she said . The company 's news release described the potential for the lotion to adversely affect one 's health as "  remote . " The 2,200 tubes in the lot that is being recalled were produced by a third-party manufacturer in Canada , she said . It did not identify the company .	Consumers "  do not have to take any action , " company spokeswoman says A test found it contained more of a form of bacteria than specifications allow "  The potential for adverse health effects is remote , " Johnson & Johnson says
CNN  -- Once a racist , always a racist ? Will bigots always be bigots ? Or can people truly evolve over time for the better ? And if they do , should we applaud their metamorphosis and welcome them back ? The easy answer -- as we are seeing with Paula Deen -- is to quickly label the person a racist for past insensitive remarks and cast her out to the fringes of society . But that 's not the best answer for our nation . I say this as a person who has been called racist slurs on numerous occasions . I 'm of Arab heritage . I have an inbox full of e-mails from people calling me things like "  sand n -- " or telling me "  Go back to where you are from . "  Which , I should note , is New Jersey  . I 'm also a Muslim , and I do n't even want to describe here the litany of hate-filled insults that have been directed at our community and myself . The worst part is that these slurs do n't come just from ignorant bigots who can easily be dismissed , but often by elected officials and even religious leaders . But I will say this -- if a person who had called me a "  sand n -- " later expressed remorse and sincerely explained that they now understand it was hateful and wrong , I would n't respond with : "  Too bad , you 're a bigot for life . " Do n't get me wrong , I would n't invite them over for dinner , either . However , I would cautiously applaud their change of heart and hope to see it evidenced by not just an apology , but by deeds as well . Carter : Deen should be forgiven And I would do this not just because they did the right thing by me , but also because they did the right thing by our society . They were evolving for the better and this in turn makes us a better nation . Our country 's history is filled with examples of people 's views changing over time for the better -- the most recent example being on the issue of marriage equality . Polls now show support for same-sex marriage is at between 51 and 58 % . But just 10 years ago , only slightly over 30 % of Americans supported it . If 10 years ago supporters of marriage equality dismissed all those who opposed gay marriage -- or who had even had used derogatory terms about gays -- as bigots incapable of evolving , we never would have seen the new acceptance of marriage equality by mainstream America . We also witnessed America evolve for the better regarding interracial marriage . In 1967 , when the U.S. Supreme Court struck down laws that barred interracial marriage in the famous case of Loving v. Virginia , 73 % of Americans actually supported such laws . That was n't a Red State-Blue State divide . The mainstream American view at that time was that blacks and whites should legally be prohibited from marrying each other . When did a majority of Americans finally begin to accept interracial marriage ? The late 1990s -- almost 30 years after the Supreme Court 's landmark decision . In tearful interview , Deen slams ` horrible lies ' Paula Deen recently admission that she used the hateful "  N word " to describe a black man back inthe 1980 's . But could Paula Deen -- as she has claimed -- have evolved over the past 30 years for the better ? It 's possible . Former President Jimmy Carter believes so , noting that Deen 's programs in Savannah , Georgia , benefit "  almost exclusively oppressed and poverty-stricken black people . " And as of the writing of this article , no one else has publicly come forward to say that Deen has used racially insensitive words in recent years . If she is still using racist and bigoted words , I would expect to see at least one other person substantiating such a claim . On the other hand , Deen 's assertion on the "  Today " show earlier this week that she only used the "  N word " one time in her life is so ridiculous that I believe it made her situation even worse -- especially since at her recent deposition she appeared to admit having using it more times in the past . Can Paula Deen change ? Of course she can , just as others have changed their views on issues of race and marriage equality . Clearly it will take more than a few tears on a morning show and a disjointed apology to prove that to us . But in time , if she and others like her do evolve , we should applaud and embrace them . As the Rev. Jesse Jackson stated this week about Deen : "  She should be reclaimed rather than destroyed . " Certainly if someone is spouting racist , homophobic , anti-Semitic or Islamaphobic comments today , they deserve the punishment they receive -- be it losing their job of being cast from mainstream society to the fringes to wallow with the hate mongers . Deen and Southern food : Critics say credit is past due But let 's not close the door on their redemption . If we do , our nation will be frozen in its progress forward on societal and racial issues . And that would truly be unforgivable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Can someone who is a bigot evolve ? And does society then forgive them ? He says people call Paula Deen a racist and cast her out ; that 's not good for society , though He says history is full of viewpoints evolving for the better , such as on gay marriage He says some of Deen 's apology implausible , but public should be open to redemption
CNN  A mammoth wave of snow darkens the sky over Everest Base Camp . Appearing like a white mushroom cloud roaring over the climbers , they scurry as their tents flap like feathers in the wind . Then panic hits . "  Whoa ! Whoa ! " Screams and expletives are heard . The few people in the video scatter and dive into a tent as the deluge of snow falls over them . Cursing and breathing heavily , they wait until the pounding is over . After a while , they scream to each other , "  Are you all right ? " "  Are you OK ? " The camera jostles back and forth as German climber Jost Kobusch heaves to catch his breath . Nearly 4,000 dead in Nepal earthquake When they finally emerge from their avalanche ordeal , their faces are scarlet and their bodies crusted in snow . They trudge away , completely dazed and shocked . "  The ground was shaking from the earthquake and as soon as we saw people running , we were running ourselves to save our lives , " Kobusch wrote in a post on his YouTube video . The harrowing two-minute clip shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into Everest Base Camp on Saturday . At least 17 people have been killed , with dozens injured and several missing -- likely buried beneath the snow and ice . The fates of the climbers and the local hires are one part of the enormous human toll in Nepal from the catastrophic quake that has so far claimed the lives of more than 4,300 people . At least 8,000 people were reported to have suffered injuries . Helicopters brought stranded climbers off the mountain Monday amid growing concern for the groups stuck around 20,000 feet  6,100 meters  high in Camps 1 and 2 . The climbers who were higher up Everest appeared to have avoided the deadly avalanche that struck Base Camp , but many -- estimated to be in the hundreds -- could not descend on their own . The climbers ca n't head down because the dangerous Khumbu Icefall has been ravaged by a series of aftershocks . The aftershocks sent snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts . Tshering Sherpa , who manages the icefall route , estimated that 100 to 200 people were stuck in the higher camps after the avalanche . "  Bottom line , the icefall has been deemed impassable at this point , " said Alan Arnette , a climber and Everest blogger who was at Camp 2 when the avalanche struck . He said that climbers at Camp 2 and others higher up would descend to Camp 1  elevation 19,500 feet  to await helicopters . Arnette was helicoptered down to Base Camp on Monday . Witnesses said three helicopters rescued climbers and Sherpas from Camp 1 , taking two people down at a time . Carsten Pedersen , a Danish climber at Base Camp , said that he heard a steady stream of helicopters ferrying people from the mountains back to Base Camp throughout the morning . "  They land every 10 minutes here , " Pedersen said . "  I estimate half the people have been rescued , and it 's probably less than 200 people in the mountain this morning . I would n't be surprised if 100 people came down already . " The window for helicopter rescue was expected to be between 9 a.m. and noon Monday . The helicopter rescues are heavily contingent on the weather . Jim Davidson , a climber on Everest , tweeted that the evacuations were going well . Down at Base Camp , Jamlins Sherpa said he counted about 22 body bags that were to be transported back to their families in Kathmandu . The death toll on Everest is still unclear . In an audio blog recorded from Camp 2 , Arnette signed off with this message : "  It 's important , it 's not about mountaineering . This is about the earth and it 's a horrible loss of life at Everest Base Camp and down at Kathmandu . "  It 's a massive loss of life . " A member of Arnette 's team , Eve Girawong , a medic from New Jersey who worked on the mountain , was killed at Base Camp , according to her family and employer . Several Everest climbing teams have confirmed deaths . Five Nepali staff members were killed at Everest Base Camp and Camp 1 , according to Adventure Consultants . It did not identify the staffers . Three Sherpas from the 360 Expeditions team died , the company posted on its Facebook page . Their names were also not revealed . The foreign casualties at Everest Base Camp include Dan Fredinburg , an American executive at Google who died after suffering a major head injury , and Tom Taplin , a documentary filmmaker from California . "  He was blown away by the blast rather than being buried in any rubble , " Taplin 's wife , Corey Freyer , told CNN affiliate KABC . The exact number of dead remains unclear . CNN 's Jessica King , Jethro Mullen , journalists Wayne Chang and Naomi Ng contributed to this report .	A YouTube video shows the scale of an avalanche on Mount Everest on Saturday Eight Nepalis are dead at Everest , but not identified ; three Americans are also dead Helicopter rescues are underway to retrieve climbers stranded on Everest
CNN  -- Back when I was a kid , they were called "  whistle-blowers " : employees of corrupt companies or government agencies , who went to the press with shocking stories of criminality or abuse . Daniel Ellsberg risked his life to leak the Pentagon Papers , which destroyed public support for the Vietnam War . Plutonium pellet maker Karen Silkwood was exposing malfeasance at the Kerr-McGee plutonium plant when she was killed in an auto wreck . Jeffrey Wigand exposed Brown & Williamson 's practice of intentionally manipulating the effect of nicotine in cigarettes , forcing Big Tobacco finally to admit the addictiveness of their product . Since the 1960s , dozens of brave , disillusioned Americans such as them have turned against employers who were breaking the law or otherwise harming humanity in some real way . They did so at the expense of their careers and sometimes even their lives . Somehow , the recent spate of similarly public defections of employees from the corporations they work for just does n't feel like quite the same thing . Sure , it 's pretty easy for most of us to agree with Greg Smith , the Goldman Sachs derivatives dealer who quit publicly via a New York Times OpEd because "  the environment now is as toxic and destructive as I have ever seen it . " Still , he 's not complaining that Goldman Sachs is destroying the environment -- as in the air or the water -- through pollution . He 's complaining about the corporate environment , the conversation in the corridors and the way the firm is choosing to make money . Instead of helping its clients make money , Smith says , the firm is now -- legally but unscrupulously -- putting its own needs first and fleecing its clients for whatever it can get . He is upset about the collapse of the corporate culture , its ability to create value for clients and the sustainability of the enterprise . Likewise , computer engineer James Whittaker , who left Microsoft in 2009 to work at Google , returned to Microsoft last month and fired off an angry public blog post about how Google is losing itself in a "  whirlwind of desperation . " He says that when he first went to Google , it was "  a technology company that empowered its employees to innovate . " Now , he complains , thanks to its obsession with promoting its Facebook-like Google + service , "  The Google I left was an advertising company with a single corporate-mandated focus . " These gentlemen are garnering the same sorts of astonished headlines and outcry from their former employers and colleagues as did earlier generations of whistle-blowers . And while it may seem like they are turning against their companies , the real difference here is that they see themselves as speaking for their companies . These are not conflicts over corporate malfeasance , but over business plans ! Smith believes it is not just more ethical , but better business for Goldman to think about serving its clients . He thinks it is a better long-term strategy for Goldman to help its clients make smart investments , rather than convincing them to make bad investments -- and then bet against those very same clients . Whittaker believes Google , the corporation , is turning its back on its greatest assets by focusing on advertising revenues instead of technological innovation . "  The trappings of entrepreneurship were dismantled , " he explained , "  trappings " being a good thing in this context . In short , this is not the way he thinks the corporation can succeed . Unlike whistle-blowers of the 20th century , this new breed of turncoats reveals just how far from questioning the corporate reality we have come . They become dissidents not by challenging corporate power , but by challenging their own corporation 's methodology -- as if they would have been better CEOs themselves . In both cases , they accept the underlying corporate structures and the greater economic operating system in which they function as given circumstances . What they can not see from their vantage point is that these companies are behaving in a manner totally consonant with their corporate agendas . The minute Google went public , its only priority was to serve its shareholders . Google is an advertising company . That 's how it makes its revenue . Any technological innovations that do n't serve this purpose -- and do so quickly -- will be questioned by shareholders and board members looking for big short-term gains . Likewise , Goldman is in the moneymaking business . They always have been . They are operating on a fiscal landscape where innovation is no longer valued , and where it 's easier to make money the old-fashioned way  exploiting people dumber than you are  . Occupy Wall Street kids figured this out months ago , and a few million mortgage-holders and retirees figured it out a few years ago : When you have to keep growing at the rate of interest to stay alive , you are going to start making stupid short-term decisions . In short , the kinds of sustainable , value-creating businesses these corporate escapees are calling for just ca n't happen within a corporate model based on borrowing , leverage and expansion . It 's too little and too late for a few corporate whistle-blowers to tell us how the companies they work for are technically incompetent , distracted by revenues or losing the values that once made them great . It 's time to blow the whistle on the whole thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff says whistle-blowers used to point out company misbehavior But he says recent company trashings by ex-employees were aimed at business plans He says Goldman Sachs , Google -- both criticized recently -- are doing what they exist to do Rushkoff : What the two ex-workers want ca n't happen in the companies ' business model
CNN  -- Riyo Mori is a classically trained ballet dancer who won the 2007 Miss Universe beauty pageant . She talks to CNN about Tokyo , dancing and baseball . Trained ballet dancer Riyo Mori was crowned Miss Universe in 2007 . CNN : What made you decide to enter the Miss Universe competition ? Riyo Mori : My Grandmother . Japan , 50 or 60 years ago , was very conservative . Women had to stand behind men and never talk , never give an opinion -- and my grandma was different . I love her so much . She found out that there was Miss Universe Japan and that 's how everything started . She said , "  Riyo , you 're young , you can dance , you can teach dancing , you love it , it 's good -- but maybe you should see a different world . Just go for it . " And I said , ` OK ' and now I 'm here . CNN : What 's it like for you to be back in Shizuoka ? Riyo Mori : It 's so nice to be back home . I can relax , I can sleep . This is my first vacation , I think -- just having fun with my family , my friends , and talking to my friend in a caf . That was my normal life before and since I became Miss Universe it suddenly stopped . I always have to be in the mood , and I have to be Miss Universe , so this is just perfect for me to be in my hometown of Shizuoka . CNN : How would you describe your relationship with Tokyo ? Riyo Mori : I love Tokyo , like I love New York ; I love big cities . The first time I came to Tokyo was even before becoming a finalist for Miss Universe Japan . I was so excited . Also I was scared too , because people look so fashionable and people look so confident here and I was just a tourist from the countryside . I was very nervous . People from all over the world come to see Tokyo , and so that 's why you can see very unique people here . People speak Spanish , French , German , English , and Japanese ; there 's a very mixed culture here CNN : How would you define Tokyoites ? Riyo Mori : I feel like people are so energetic here , so different from Shizuoka . People keep moving -- they never stop . Tokyo never sleeps . Tokyo people are so busy all the time . I would n't say they are cold , they 're just busy ; they do n't have time to talk to others . I need a balance , I have to be in Shizuoka for maybe 50 percent of the year and I have to be in Tokyo too , because I need this energy . CNN : How did you become a dancer ? Riyo Mori : I started to learn dance in mother 's dance school . My mom is my best friend , of course , my mother and teacher . So we have very unique relationship . We are not just mom and daughter , we 're also teacher and student . My mom teaches jazz dance , tap dance , modern dance , but she does n't teach ballet . I thought I should learn how to teach ballet , so I can have different class than she has . So I went to Canada when I was 16 . I went to high school and professional ballet school in Canada . It was very , very tough , but it was worth it now that I can teach ballet . Now I want to teach young people , through dancing , how to be positive , patient and happy . These three things are very important to me . Dancing means a lot to me , because dancing is my life , part of my life . I have been dancing for a long time -- maybe 17 years . Dancing is great because this is how I express myself ; this is where I learned how to be confident . CNN : What was your mum 's reaction to you winning Miss Universe ? Riyo Mori : She was very happy when I won Miss Universe -- ` my daughter can travel the world and see people ' -- see the culture that she could n't . So she was very happy . CNN : Outside dancing , what else do you enjoy ? Riyo Mori : I 'm a huge fan of baseball . Baseball fans here in Japan are very supportive and crazy . They can go crazy too , but that 's a good part of Japanese people -- if you like something , you 're very into it and support it . CNN : What else do you love about the city ? Riyo Mori : I think Tokyo is the best place to shop . Ginza is a great place and I like the atmosphere too . When I became finalist for Miss Universe Japan , almost every week I went to Harajuko to shop . Also , this is very close to Miss Universe Japan 's office , so I was back and forwards to the office almost all the time . Maybe you have heard about Harajuku girl ; there is a very famous street in Harajuku -- Takeshita-Dori -- and here you can find very crazy people , who dress up like dolls . There 's a very crazy , unique fashion code -- that 's why people like it .	Riyo Mori says her grandmother convinced her to enter Miss Universe She says Tokyo has a very mixed culture and the city never sleeps She wants to teach young people to be patient and happy , through dancing Tokyo is a great place to shop -- especially Ginza and Harajuko , she says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's the latest executive craze sweeping boardrooms across the globe , and a tiny score is becoming as sought-after as a low handicap on the golf course . Nintendo 's DS-Lite : Breaking into markets beyond traditional gamers "  Brain Training , " or "  Brain Age " as it 's known in North America , is a collection of quick-fire maths quizzes , anagrams , music recitals and memory tests developed by Nintendo with Japanese neuroscientist Dr. Ryuta Kawashima . The game is part of Nintendo 's attempt to widen the appeal of its game consoles , especially the cute little DS-Lite , beyond typical gamers -- in this case , to an older audience concerned with its health . "  Exercise is the key to good health both for body and mind , " says the company 's U.S. Web site . "  Playing regularly for just a few minutes a day has been found to stimulate parts of the brain related to thinking , creativity and concentration , " claims the Nintendo Europe Web site . And the tactic is working : with over 10 million copies of "  Brain Training " and "  More Brain Training " sold worldwide , and with celebrity endorsements from Nicole Kidman and Patrick Stewart , Dr. Kawashima and his brain exercises have become a global phenomenon . But does Nintendo 's "  Brain Training " actually make you smarter ? The expert 's opinion I spoke to Dr. Lauren Stewart , a cognitive neuroscientist at Goldsmiths , University of London , to find out what improvements I could expect to see in my brain . She reveals that it is hard to measure the impact that brain training could have on my day-to-day life . "  It is a complex thing to determine whether learning on one thing transfers to another thing , " she explains . But can training on certain tasks make you smarter ? "  It depends what we think being smart is all about , " she says , adding that if the tasks were similar to IQ tests , I might see a small increase in my IQ . Dr. Stewart does point to research that suggests exercising one 's brain does work -- and might even help to prevent those dreaded "  senior moments . " "  Learning of any kind does forge new neuronal connections , " she reveals . "  Evidence seems to support the ` use it or lose it ' mantra with respect to staving off neuronal degeneration in old age . " And Dr. Stewart is keen to dispel the myth that once we 're adults , we 're too old to learn . "  There are numerous examples of learning in adulthood and structural brain changes accompanying this , " she says . So now it 's down to me . Attracted by the prospect of a lean , mean , mind machine , I decided to put it to a three-week test . Watch out Kidman , here I come ... Day 1 The DS-Lite arrives in the afternoon . Mmm , shiny ! I test my brain age : it 's 41 , considerably older than my actual age , and far from a "  perfect " age of 20 . I sigh . Will I ever be as smart as Patrick Stewart ? I work through the exercises . They 're surprisingly fun , pandering as they do to my inner dork tendencies . Day 2 I play the brain training games on the subway and equal or improve my scores . "  What an improvement ! I could almost cry ! " says Dr. Kawashima . I 'm not quite so excited . I become so engrossed in "  Brain Training " that I nearly miss my stop , leap off the train , stylus and console in hand , and stand at the bottom of the escalators trying to complete a game . My fellow commuters -- quite rightly -- throw me pitying looks . I 'm so flustered I leave the tube station by the wrong exit and end up wandering dazedly around central London , trying to find my office . Worse still , my brain age is still a less-than-sprightly 40 . Brain training ? Brain draining ! Day 3 Following yesterday 's mishaps , I rule out brain age checks on the subway . My brain age drops to 30 . Result ! Day 5 After a stressful weekend moving house , I kick back and relax with a glass of wine and Dr. Kawashima . Big mistake ! My tiredness and the alcohol leave me fumbling and just one drink raises my brain age to a wobbly 37 . I cast blameful glances at the Merlot , and resolve to stay sober for testing . Day 6 I fluff the exercises , the new one 's a nightmare and Dr. Kawashima is tormenting me with a 5x5 square of random numbers that I 'm supposed to remember . Woe ! Time to check my brain age . I expect to see it increase to 50 + on stress alone , but am amazed when , for the first time , I break through the 30 barrier ! Brain age of 27 : read it and weep , Kidman . Day 7 It 's a week in ; I zip through the exercises and tackle the test . My brain age drops again to 24 . Woo hoo ! Day 10 I skip a day . Day 11 Dr. Kawashima complains at me for not coming by yesterday . I 'm not in the mood , but do the exercises anyway , stumbling on lots of the anagrams . My score plummets ; elsewhere , I 'm flatlining . I resist the urge to stab his irritating , bouncing face with my stylus and take the brain test . It seems grouchiness does n't impact your score -- I 'm back down to 27 . "  Hmm , a little tired , are we ? " he says . Die , Dr. Kawashima , die . Day 14 Dr. Kawashima introduces me to a new , Tetris-style game that will , apparently , relax my brain . This is important too , I 'm told . While the music is soothing , the game has me hooked . But ideal before bedtime ? I 'm up playing it 'til 4 a.m. Day 15 Exhausted from last night 's small-hours game playing , I skip a day . Day 16 I 've whittled my brain age down to 23 , but by accident , I leave my DS-Lite on my desk -- no brain training in the evening , nor in the morning ! I start to panic . Help ! I 'm addicted ! Day 17 I time how long it takes me to do all the exercises and the brain age test . It 's now taking half an hour a day -- a considerable chunk of my leisure time -- and I 'm starting to resent that . Dr. Kawashima keeps asking me to get my friends to play with me . "  Please be sure to introduce friends and family to the quick play demo , " he says . "  Share it with family and friends who want to try it out with no hassles ! " Sorry Doc , I do n't pimp goods to my pals . Day 18 His patronizing comments are starting to get to me . "  Do n't lose heart ! Just try again tomorrow ! " he says , when my score drops . I want to punch him . Day 20 And then it all goes wrong . I stumble with the stylus and mess up the memory test . My brain age plummets to 37 . I ca n't end like that ! Day 21 The final day of my three week experiment . Can I redeem myself ? I 'm revved up for the tests and my brain age tumbles to 22 -- just two away from a perfect 20 ! But Dr. Kawashima seems less impressed . "  Your brain seems fairly young , " he says . "  But with regular training , you can sharpen that brain even more ! " Is he never satisfied ? I lost 15 years in a day ! Perhaps I should n't have taken brain training quite so seriously -- after all , it 's only a game ... And the results ? "  Brain Training " was more fun than you 'd expect , and left me feeling more confident performing certain tasks , like quick-fire maths , away from the console . My scores quickly improved as I became used to the software and the console , then leveled out . The game was surprisingly addictive and monopolized my attention . My usually yawn-filled commute zipped by ; when I skipped a day 's training I missed it ; and , for a brief spell , my husband became a Nintendo widower . I was most taken aback by my strong emotional response to the game : when my scores improved , I felt jubilant ; when they dipped , I felt distraught and stupid . But did "  Brain Training " make me smarter ? Call me a cynic , but I 'm not convinced it 's anything more than a cunning ploy to get non-gamers like me hooked on Nintendo 's latest little console . And that certainly worked . ... . Do you train your brain ? How do you give your gray cells a workout ? Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend	Nintendo 's "  Brain Training " has sold over 10 million copies worldwide The gaming giant is breaking into new markets with its DS-Lite console Did "  Brain Training " make our reporter smarter ? Well , it got her hooked ...
CNN  Those poor fish must have been wondering what the heck was happening to them . The Oregon Parks and Recreation Department has reported that a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state 's coast this week and has been towed into harbor . The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11 , 2011 . The boat fragment was found this week and towed to Newport , Oregon , where it is moored at a marina . Inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later , if officials ' suspicions are correct -- some specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters . Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University 's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the debris while it was still at sea and determined that the ecological threat posed by invasive species was small . The remnants of the boat will be dried out , inspected further and taken to a landfill . But for the yellowtail jack fish , the journey is not over . They 'll be taken to the Oregon Coast Aquarium .	Debris from boat to be dried , inspected and taken to landfill The debris contained fish normally found in Japanese waters The earthquake and tsunami hit Japan in March 2011
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than 35,000 fugitives across the United States were arrested in June as part of an annual sweep that teams the U.S. Marshals Service with local law enforcement in a summer push to clean up the streets , U.S. Marshals said Thursday . U.S. Marshals director John F. Clark says unregistered sex offenders were a major target . Among the 35,190 fugitives apprehended during Operation FALCON  Federal and Local Cops Operating Nationally  were 2,356 fugitive sex offenders , the service said . "  This might be considered the cream of the crop for the most violent felons that are out there . For example , we arrested 433 murder suspects , " said U.S. Marshals director John F. Clark at a Chicago , Illinois , news conference . In the course of the operation , the marshals also confiscated 582 firearms and 2,400 kilograms of narcotics . "  Often when we find fugitives in hiding , we have other fruits of their crimes : firearms , drugs , some other evidence of some type of criminal activity , " Clark said . Unregistered sex offenders were a major target , Clark said . "  We highlighted one -LSB- case -RSB- here in the Chicago area . It involved an individual who was alleged to have molested a 9-year-old girl . He had violated his parole , and after an investigation he was located , " he said . "  There 's evidence of further crimes that happened since he did n't register as a sex offender . This is typical of the type of individual who is out there , somewhere on the streets of America , and is often harming children or others . " One operation involved a Cleveland , Ohio , Police SWAT team and the U.S. Marshals , who were following a lead on Jeremiah Jackson , 29 , who was wanted for murder , accused of shooting a woman in the back during a robbery . On June 9 , the team surrounded a house where an intelligence surveillance team said Jackson might be . Jackson was reported to be armed and dangerous . But Deputy U.S. Marshal Brian Koerbel said once Jackson saw the team , it had its man . "  When he saw he really had nowhere to go , he gave himself up , " said Koerbel . "  He made the statement , ` I 'm the guy you 're looking for and I 'll come right down . ' " In Cleveland , Koerbel said , the program was a success . "  We were able to arrest 1,211 people in a 30-day period . Five were for homicides , " he said . Typically , the U.S. Marshals office in Cleveland arrests about 100 fugitives in any given month . "  This is just the type of operation that brings us all together and shows we 're a force of one and shows the community we 're here and this is a safe place to raise a family , " Koerbel said . Jackson was jailed on $ 10 million bond . He has not entered a plea on the murder charge , but his father , Willie James Jackson , told CNN affiliate WJW the police have the wrong man .	U.S. marshals team with local law enforcement for annual sweep Nationwide operation apprehends 2,356 fugitive sex offenders , officials say Raids also net 433 murder suspects , 2,400 kilograms of narcotics In Cleveland , Ohio , officials arrest 1,211 people in 30 days
Washington  CNN  -- Wider restrictions on fishing in the Gulf of Mexico are raising fresh concerns in an industry already hard-hit by the massive BP oil spill . With thousands of barrels of oil still spewing out of a damaged undersea well every day , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced Tuesday that it was nearly doubling the portion of the Gulf 's federal waters that are now closed to fishing . The restricted zone now pushes south and east into the heart of the Gulf -- another blow to a $ 2.4 billion industry already reeling from the nearly month-old spill . For Greg Abrams , a commercial fisherman in Panama City , Florida , that means his boats are being pushed further west to chase big catch like bluefin tuna , swordfish and mahi-mahi . "  They 'll have to go in somewhere else , probably around Galveston  Texas  , instead of coming home , " Abrams said . "  That 'll cause some problems , but it 's better to be safe than sorry . " Louisiana fisherman get paid for helping cleanup Abrams owns a fleet of 14 fishing boats and hires another 41 . One of them has caught 80 tuna in a seven-day stretch off the Gulf 's Loop Current , a haul he called a "  great start " to a seven-month season . "  Now he has to leave the current and go farther west , " Abrams said . NOAA 's latest order extends the closed zone to a nearly 46,000-square-mile stretch , about 19 percent of the Gulf . The ongoing spill now threatens to be picked up by the Loop Current , which could spread some oil around the tip of Florida and up the U.S. East Coast . Unconfirmed reports from researchers that large amounts of oil is spreading below the surface , as well as concerns about the effect of chemical dispersants used to break up the spill , also worry people in the industry . Deborah Long , a spokeswoman for the Southern Shrimpers Association , said fishermen could face a "  multi-generational effect " on the creatures from which they draw their living , with shrimp and bluefin tuna the two species with the most to lose . "  We 're not just worried about the shrimp stocks here , " Long said . "  We 're worried about the entire marine food chain . " Many areas off the Louisiana and Alabama coasts remain open to both commercial and recreational fishing as BP , the Coast Guard and volunteers try to battle the spreading slick offshore . But news accounts of the spill have prompted tourists to cancel fishing trips even in waters that are so far unaffected , said Sonny Schindler , of Shore Thing Charters in Diamondhead , Mississippi . "  The oil has n't done a thing to us -- it 's the exposure , " Schindler said Tuesday . He added , "  Our water 's still open , we 're still trying to fish every chance we can , and we 're open for business . " And some of those who are still able to get out on the water are now seeing buyers go elsewhere , said Bobby Lovell , a crab fisherman in Louisiana 's St. Bernard Parish . State-controlled waters near New Orleans were opened for three days starting Saturday , Lovell said . He and his father laid crab traps last weekend in Lake Borgne and came back with an ice chest full of crustaceans -- but he said many of his buyers have turned to suppliers in western Louisiana , which is n't currently threatened by the spill . Tar balls found in Florida Keys not believed to be from Gulf spill "  I 'm stressed . I 'm pacing back and forth , and I 'm normally a calm guy , " he said . However , "  The big wholesalers are in the same predicament I am right now , " he said . The closures follow an April 20 explosion that sank the drilling platform Deepwater Horizon , taking 11 workers with it . Efforts to shut down the well that was ripped open by the accident have failed so far , though well owner BP says it has been able to capture some of the escaping oil and pump it to a ship on the surface . "  The fish will move . They have fins . They will travel , " Abrams said . "  I 'm just kind of upset that they did n't have a plan B to the plan A for the cleanup , and the government was n't doing their job to keep an eye on BP . "	New restrictions cover 19 percent of Gulf Extension hits at deepwater fish like tuna Shrimpers fear ` multi-generational ' impact Spill drives buyers to new sources
Moscow  CNN  -- Three men were convicted and sentenced Tuesday in Russia for masterminding and carrying out an acid attack on the Bolshoi Ballet 's artistic director , Sergei Filin . Star dancer Pavel Dmitrichenko was given six years in prison for masterminding the attack , while accomplice Yuri Zarutsky was sentenced to 10 years and driver Andrei Lipatov got four years , a reporter for the official Russian Legal Information Agency  RAPSI  who was in court told CNN . Prosecutors at the Moscow court had asked for Dmitrichenko to be given nine years in prison , RAPSI reported earlier . Filin was walking to his Moscow apartment in January when a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face , leaving him severely burned and nearly blinded . He has spent much of the past year in Germany , where doctors have been working to save his sight . Curtain falls on Russian ballet director after tumultuous year The case , which has been closely watched in Russia and elsewhere , has exposed the tensions and intrigues simmering below the surface at the world-renowned ballet company . Dmitrichenko argued during his trial that he had wanted Filin to be punished in some way for failing to give him the roles he wanted ; for example , by being beaten up . But , the dancer said , he did not expect Filin to be subjected to an acid attack . The power struggle tearing apart the Bolshoi In his evidence , Zarutsky told the court that the acid attack was his own idea and that he had not told Dmitrichenko about it . Many fellow Bolshoi dancers signed a letter asking the judge for leniency for Dmitrichenko . In his summary , the judge said that in his view , the attack was organized by Dmitrichenko . Bolshoi Ballet star denies masterminding acid attack	NEW : Dancer Pavel Dmitrichenko is given a six-year prison term for masterminding the attack Accomplice Yuri Zarutsky and driver Andrei Lipatov are also convicted The acid attack almost blinded the Bolshoi Ballet 's artistic director , Sergei Filin The case has exposed rivalries and tensions at the world-renowned ballet company
Editor 's note : Actor and director Gary Sinise has appeared on film in "  Forrest Gump , " "  Truman " and "  Apollo 13 " and on television in "  CSI : NY . " He co-founded the Steppenwolf Theater Company in Chicago . Actor Gary Sinise says we ca n't do enough for veterans who sacrifice to protect America . CNN  -- A while back , a friend of mine suggested that I take a look at a film that a buddy of his had made about his two brothers serving in Iraq . Having spent some time there myself , I was eager to see it . Once I did , I wanted to do all I could to help the filmmakers find a distributor and get this wonderful film into the theaters . I was honored to be asked to come on board as executive producer of the film , "  Brothers at War , " an honest and inside look at our military service members . It 's told through the point of view of one brother who is in search of answers as to why his two younger brothers are serving in Iraq and what they and their families are doing during these long deployments . I got involved with the film "  Brothers at War " because I believe it shows a side of our military that is rarely seen . The call to duty that many of our military members share is depicted in the film through Isaac and Joe Rademacher . They are the two brothers who Jake Rademacher , the filmmaker , travels to Iraq to see in order to experience for himself why they serve and what they are doing while deployed away from their families in this dangerous environment . It makes me proud to know we have such men and women willing to give so much in defense of our nation . I felt compelled to support this film because , on the many tours I have been on in support of our troops , I have met so many service members like the two Rademacher brothers in the film . Isaac and Joe are military men . They are both called to serve their country and have endured great hardship . Yet they continue to serve and to serve honorably . And through them , Jake is introduced to other members of the service -- soldiers serving on the Syrian border and Marines training an Iraqi platoon . Jake takes his camera into the middle of a firefight where the Iraqi troops are ambushed and fight back . This footage is unlike anything we have ever seen -- an Iraqi unit fighting back and standing up to a terrorist attack and the pride that their Marine mentors have in them . It is quite moving , and Jake Rademacher captures it all . Several members of my family have served our country . My father , Robert , served in the Navy in the early 1950s . My Uncle Jack was a navigator on a B17 Flying Fortress during WWII . My Uncle Jerry served in the Pacific during WWII and my grandfather Daniel Sinise was in the Army in WWI . My wife 's two brothers served in Vietnam and my wife 's sister served for 10 years in the Army . Her husband , Jack , served as a medic in Vietnam . While serving there he wore his dog tags on a rosary with a St. Christopher medal . I wore that same rosary and dog tags as my character , "  Lt. Dan , " in the movie "  Forrest Gump . " I remember all too well what it was like for our returning military members during the Vietnam conflict . They were caught in the middle of a very divided nation and not only did they have to endure the scars of battle , but upon their return they also were spit on and shamed and ridiculed for their service . Some decided to take off their uniforms in the airport bathrooms when they arrived home so as not to be identified with serving in Vietnam . We can never let that happen again to these men and women who serve this country . They should be able to wear their uniforms proudly . They fight and sacrifice in ways that very few of us can imagine . Many years ago I got involved with Vietnam veteran support groups in the Chicago , Illinois , area . After September 11 , 2001 , once we started deploying our troops to Afghanistan and Iraq , I began a mission to let them know that they are supported and that there are people out there who are grateful for their service . For over 35 years , we have had an all-volunteer military . This is a good thing . We want people to serve this country who want to be there and who do it of their own free will -- not because they are drafted and forced into it . We are lucky we have such people . What would we do if no one wanted to serve to defend the freedoms we all enjoy ? And so , I feel the need to do what I can to thank them for that service in order to help keep them strong in tough times . You would be amazed at what a simple thank you will do . I have been to Iraq four times now , Afghanistan once , and many many other places as well , all to show support of our troops . My goal is always to cover as many miles as possible and to take pictures , sign autographs and shake hands with as many troops as I can in the time I have . Trips have included bases in Kuwait , Qatar , UAE , Bahrain and in Iraq -- Al Asad , Al Qaim , Ramadi , Habbaniyah , TQ airbase , Mosul , Balad , Tikrit and Baghdad . Over the last six years , I have traveled around the world and all over the United States with the USO to visit and perform with my band , The Lt. Dan band , for our troops . I have supported many grassroots troop support efforts as well , and visited our wounded in the hospitals several times . I could not be more honored to play a small part in helping our troops and their families . We can never do enough for our veterans who have sacrificed so much to keep this nation free . But we can always try to do more . It is my goal to continue to visit our troops , wherever they may serve . It is the least I can do for the men and women who continue to do so much for our country . God bless America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Sinise .	Gary Sinise : I agreed to help produce a film made by man with two brothers in military He says "  Brothers at War " shows side of military rarely seen Sinise : We ca n't do enough to honor military for sacrifices on our behalf
Washington  CNN  -- If the threat of underwear bombs became known last Christmas , why did airport screeners only recently begin aggressively checking for them ? The answer is two-fold , Transportation Security Administration Director John Pistole told reporters Tuesday . First , the lack of a permanent leader at the TSA hindered change , he said . Secondly , the agency needed time to train screeners on the new pat-down protocols . The threat of hidden bombs became instantly clear on December 25 , 2009 , Pistole said , when authorities arrested Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , a Nigerian man , after his failed attempt to ignite his hidden explosive on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit , Michigan . TSA officials immediately started looking at what they needed to do to modify technology or pat downs to detect the bombs , he said . But at that time , the top job at TSA was filled by a career official . The White House delayed nominating a TSA chief and then White House and Congressional Republicans feuded for a year over nominees . Much of the debate centered on whether the nominees supported unionization of airport screeners . Two of President Obama 's nominees withdrew from consideration . "  Frankly it just came down to the fact there was not a presidentially appointed , Senate-confirmed administrator in place until I was confirmed at the end of June to make a really significant decision like that , that would have impact on a number of people , " Pistole said . "  That was a big part of it . " Pistole was sworn in as administrator in July and soon thereafter made the decision to go through "  enhanced pat downs . " Training time accounts for the rest of the delay , as the TSA quietly began pilot programs in Boston , Massachusetts , and Las Vegas , Nevada , in August , and rolled the program out nationwide in early November . Pistole consistently has said it was his decision to implement enhanced pat downs . He said he opted not to publicize them in advance because he felt to do so would be to give a "  roadmap " to would-be terrorists . Implementation of the pat downs was further delayed because time was needed to train screeners on the new protocols , he said . Those protocols are considered sensitive security information , and have not been shared with the public . But Pistole said protocols do not allow for screeners to grope passengers . Pistole said some passenger descriptions of the procedures are "  so wildly outside the standard operating protocols that it just absolutely should not be happening . If it is , then we 'll take appropriate action . " "  If we receive any complaints from a passenger about something happening , then we immediately follow up both with that passenger and with our security officers , " he said . Most airport checkpoints have closed circuit television systems , which help investigators find out what happened , he said . Videotape helped dispel one passenger 's complaint that she was handcuffed to a chair and mistreated , he said . "  If there 's a security officer that did something that 's not appropriate , then we take appropriate action . I just want to make sure that I have all the facts , " Pistole said .	The failed underwear bombing last Christmas raised the threat of bombs hidden in clothes Pistole says after that , the pat-down program was delayed by two factors The TSA lacked a permanent leader until July Extensive training also was required before implementation of the program , he says
CNN  -- It 's a good thing he did n't go with " @andrew . " Drew Olanoff wants to benefit the LiveStrong charity because of the support the foundation has given him . Drew Olanoff , cancer-fighter and blogger , is auctioning off his enviable Twitter username " @drew " to benefit the LiveStrong foundation . Since Tuesday , its value has already been raised to $ 1 million , thanks to that other Drew -- last name Carey . "  I thought we would find a Drew who would bid $ 10,000 on the last day and that was it , " Olanoff said . "  I certainly did n't think Drew Carey would get wind of it . " Get wind he did . The Cleveland comedian raised the stakes on Saturday , first tweeting an initial bid of $ 25,000 only to quadruple it , offering up $ 100,000 if his Twitter followers totaled 100,000 by the auction 's closing at midnight on November 9 . Olanoff was taken back by Carey 's generosity , whom he 's never met nor spoken to , but it seems Carey was n't done yet . In the middle of an interview yesterday with CBS  the corporation writing Carey 's checks , as he 's the host of the network 's "  The Price is Right "  , he upped the ante from $ 100,000 to a cool $ 1 million if he gets the same amount of followers by midnight on December 31 . Judging by how quickly the follower count increases every time his @DrewFromTV Twitter page is refreshed -- on Thursday evening , he was rapidly approaching 66,000 followers -- Carey is well on his way to doing so . Of course , if he does n't reach a million followers , the donation will be prorated : If there are 500,000 followers when the clock strikes midnight , then $ 500,000 will be given to LiveStrong . It may seem like Carey 's gotten himself into some sort of popularity game , but it 's not about amassing millions of followers or the Twitter name , Olanoff said . "  There are obviously going to be skeptics , but Drew Carey is new to Twitter . Celebrities can get followers ; Ashton Kutcher has 3 million , " Olanoff told CNN . "  What he 's saying is , ` Follow me ; you 're worth a dollar , and it 's going to LiveStrong . ' " This is n't the first time Olanoff 's stirred up the "  Twitter-verse . " From the minute he was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's disease in late May , he decided his cancer was of the social variety , and turned to Twitter to air his frustrations . "  I 'm a very public person , I 'm a geek , and I 've been on Twitter for years , " Olanoff said . "  I realized this is serious , and I started to blame things on my cancer . I 'm not a whiny person and I did n't want to get negative -LSB- so the site -RSB- it was a nice way for me to focus all of my anger and being upset and worrying . " With the help of a friend who 's also suffered from Hodgkin 's disease , Olanoff set up BlameDrewsCancer.com , where tweeters can blame his cancer for any and everything that 's gone wrong , in 140 characters or less . Lance Armstrong , LiveStrong 's founder , blamed a broken collarbone on it , while Alyssa Milano found Drew 's cancer to be at fault for her inability to resist chocolate drizzled popcorn ; she then tweeted an offer to help out Drew 's cancer awareness campaign in whatever way she could . Famous or not , Olanoff found comfort in those tweets . "  When I would go through my chemo treatments every two weeks , for me it felt like I had a huge support group , because when you 're diagnosed with -LSB- cancer -RSB- you can feel alone , " he said . As a result , Olanoff has decided to keep blaming cancer even though signs are pointing towards improved health ; his last chemo treatment is November 2 . Until midnight on November 9 , his 30th birthday , Olanoff 's resolved to round up as many @DrewFromTV followers as he can , and maybe accept Carey 's invitation to meet up when Olanoff 's back in Los Angeles . For now , Olanoff is resting up and tossing around new Twitter names . One in the running is @TheOtherDrew , but no word on how much that one could go for .	Drew Olanoff has placed his Twitter username up for auction to benefit charity Drew Carey said he 'd donate $ 1 million if he gets 1 million followers by Dec. 31 Olanoff never expected his auction to get attention from other Drews like Carey The L.A.-based blogger is also behind the @BlameDrew ` sCancer username
GLASGOW , Scotland -- World champions Italy clinched qualification for Euro 2008 after goals in the first and last minutes gave them a pulsating 2-1 victory at Hampden Park -- killing off Scotland 's hopes of reaching the finals . Luca Toni celebrates his early goal as Italy won 2-1 in Scotland to clinch qualification from Group B. Luca Toni shot Italy in front but Scotland recovered to dominate and Barry Ferguson bundled home a 65th-minute leveller . However , Christian Panucci headed an injury-time winner after a controversial decision to award Italy a free-kick . The result also means France have sealed qualification , along with Italy , from Group B without playing a game . In a match played in torrential rain , Italy enjoyed the best possible start by taking the lead after just 70 seconds . Gianluca Zambrotta spotted Antonio Di Natale unmarked in the box , and picked him out with a throw-in as Scotland were caught napping . Di Natale swept the ball into the path of Toni who delicately flicked into the top left corner from six meters out . The home side almost conceded a second goal 60 seconds later . This time , Toni turned provider and his cut-back was met by Mauro Camoranesi who fired over from close-range . Toni then shrugged off two challenges before drawing a decent save from Craig Gordon with a well-struck effort that the goalkeeper did well to block at the near post . At the other end , Scotland were denied the opportunity to haul themselves back into the match when a thunderous drive from Lee McCulloch appeared to be handled by Zambrotta inside the area but penalty claims were ignored . Spurred on by a sense of injustice , the hosts cranked up the pressure on their visitors . Ferguson fired over from a James McFadden corner , before Alan Hutton nodded agonisingly wide of the upright following another perfect delivery from the Everton man . Scotland then produced some wonderful passing football , which culminated in a tight-angled drive from Ferguson , but Gianluigi Buffon dived low to smother . Then came another scare for the home side . Gordon was forced to pull a save out of the top drawer to deny a point-blank effort from Massimo Ambrosini , before Di Natale rifled the rebound into the back of the net . The assistant referee raised his flag for offside but television replays suggested the official may have called it wrong . Only last-gasp defending from the Italians prevented the Scots from grabbing a morale-boosting leveller on the stroke of half-time . David Weir rose above everyone else in a packed box to meet Ferguson 's corner and his header appeared to be heading for the top corner before Andrea Pirlo somehow managed to nod off the line . A free-kick in a dangerous area provided Italy with the chance to start the second half as emphatically as they had started the first when Paul Hartley hauled down Camoranesi just outside the box . Pirlo seized on the chance and looped the ball over the wall but , despite a reputation as a dead-ball specialist , his effort was easily dealt with by Gordon . Instead , it was Scotland who found the back of the net as Hampden erupted with 65 minutes gone . McFadden 's free-kick deflected into the path of McCulloch in front of goal . He was denied by Buffon , but the rebound fell kindly to Ferguson and the captain gratefully rifled home from close-range . With just over 15 minutes to go , Scott Brown was withdrawn for Kenny Miller as Scotland went for broke . The Derby striker quickly began to cause the Italians problems and delivered a wonderful diagonal cross to the feet of McFadden but he fired wide when it looked easier score . Scotland 's impossible dream ended in the cruellest possible way when Italy snatched a last minute goal to secure their own qualification for Euro 2008 . Hutton appeared to be barged over in front of the corner flag but the referee inexplicably awarded the free-kick the other way and Panucci rose to meet Pirlo 's cross and nod home the winner . Italy coach Roberto Donadoni said : "  We knew it was going to be a physical match given the atmosphere . "  But through their character and desire , the lads were fantastic . They worked so hard , they deserve this . Qualifying for Euro 2008 is amazing . It 's something positive after all that happened last week  the death of the Lazio fan  . " Captain Fabio Cannavaro : "  This was a victory won with the heart . It was difficult to play in this stadium , with that atmosphere it was like a cauldron . "  We played really well and managed to win . We showed once again that we are a strong and compact team and when we need to win we do everything to show that we are the world champions . "  In Italy we play a high level of football , we 've won the Champions League and the World Cup but unfortunately at this moment we are being noticed for something else . " E-mail to a friend	Italy win 2-1 in Scotland to secure their qualification for the Euro 2008 finals The result means Scotland can not qualify and will now finish third in Group B France will also be reaching the Euro 2008 finals after the result in Glasgow
CNN  -- A man police wanted to question in the abduction of a 4-year-old Missouri girl shot himself as investigators approached him , authorities in St. Louis reported Wednesday . The girl , Alisa Maier , was found alive Tuesday night in the St. Louis suburb of Fenton , about 70 miles south of her Mississippi River hometown of Louisiana , Missouri . Her parents identified her from a photograph sent by police there , her grandfather , Roy Harrison , said Wednesday night . "  You could n't miss the big brown eyes , " Harrison told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " But the search went on for the man who abducted her , who was seen driving a dark-colored , four-door sedan with missing wheel covers and a loud muffler . A tip led police to the town of Hawk Point , about 45 miles south of Louisiana , where police found a car parked outside a home that roughly matched that description , Missouri Highway Patrol Sgt. Al Nothum said . Before police could speak to the man , "  He pulled out a gun and shot himself . " Nothum said . "  We are not saying this is our suspect , " he added . "  We are saying he is a person of interest . " Investigators are still treating the case as open , and will continue to take tips until the facts are nailed down , he said . There were preliminary reports after the shooting that the man had died , but Nothum said Wednesday night that the man was in critical condition . Nothum would not provide any more information about the man or his condition . Alisa was snatched from the front yard of her home Monday evening as she played with her 6-year-old brother . Harrison said his granddaughter is "  a bright young girl " who has talked "  a little bit " with her parents about her abduction . "  As to what she 's relaying to them , we do n't know , " he said . "  They 're staying down there close to the headquarters they 've got down there in St. Louis now , so they 're able to get people to her , to talk to her . " Anita McKlevis , a neighbor , told HLN 's "  Prime News " that the town of about 4,000 was overjoyed by the girl 's safe return . "  It was like someone gave us all $ 1 million , " McKlevis said . "  Everybody is so happy for this little girl and the family . We are going to stick by the family . That 's important . " McKlevis said she sent cupcakes to the family 's home , "  because I know she loves them . " And Harrison said the family was "  ecstatic " over Alisa 's safe return . "  I 've told people earlier , if I could do a backflip , I would , " he said . "  When we get her back and get the family together , we 're gon na have a barbecue and togetherness , and hugs and kisses . I could n't be any happier . " Alisa was discovered near a gas station car wash after witnesses saw her walking away from the sedan . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	Man is wanted for questioning in abduction of 4-year-old Man in critical condition Wednesday night , Missouri State Patrol says A tip led police to town north of St. Louis Family "  ecstatic " over girl 's safe return
CNN  -- For more than a year I 've tried to get Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus to make an appearance on my Sunday morning news show on TV One , the nation 's second-largest black cable network . He has also been invited to appear on my daily segment on "  The Tom Joyner Morning Show , " with 8 million listeners . Although Priebus did tell me "  yes " a year ago , on the day of the GOP primary debate in South Carolina , he has yet to show up and talk GOP politics to either of these audiences . This is no shock to me , because most white Republicans I 've invited appear to be deathly afraid to accept invites to appear on both shows . In fact , it has been tough even getting a callback or an e-mail from GOP staffers . Since the debut of my show , "  Washington Watch , " in September 2009 , we have had an open invitation for any member of the GOP House or Senate Conference to appear on the show . In four years , only four -- Reps. Tom Price  twice  , Allen West , Steve King , and Pete Olson -- have appeared on the show . None was verbally attacked . None was called a bigot or a racist . None was prevented from talking . We had polite , but firm , discourse on multiple issues . Any of them would tell you I was more than fair , providing them with a forum to discuss their policy differences with President Barack Obama and Democrats . Think about that : Even GOP backbenchers who rarely get called to appear on a national TV or radio show seem afraid to show up . You would think they 'd welcome a chance to share their policies with a constituency that routinely does n't vote for them . But Republicans routinely pass it up , and then wonder why they do n't get the votes of blacks and other minorities . What I 'm describing points up a much larger problem with the GOP and its inability to speak to issues that all voters care about . That 's why I find it interesting that at the GOP retreat this past weekend in Virginia , there was a session entitled , "  Coalitions-Discussion on Successful Comms w / Minorities & Women . " Comms stands for "  communications . " If Republicans want to understand how to successfully communicate with minorities and women , it sure would help to actually go to the forums where minorities and women read , listen and watch . When Michael Steele was chairman of the RNC , he appeared on my TV show and radio segments on many occasions . I could call him on his cell phone or at home and book him on a moment 's notice . See , Steele understood that if you want to communicate a policy to black people , it helps to talk to them . Maybe his being black is the reason . The mental block that keeps the GOP from engaging black folks and others could have something to do with its perception of the issues we care about . For instance , a prominent black Republican in Illinois told me about a presentation a few years ago with party elders about how they could attract black voters . When it was all done , this Republican said , the first comment from the floor was , "  We are not going to support welfare . " The group of black Republicans was puzzled : "  We did n't even bring up welfare . What are you talking about ? " The GOP apparently has the idea that minorities do n't care about education , taxes , entrepreneurship , homeownership , and a litany of other issues . When Republicans speak to black folks and the main thing they have to say is that the GOP is the party of Lincoln and he freed the slaves , then you have a problem . Yes , Republicans played a critical role in civil rights legislation during the 1950s and 1960s while Southern Democrats were obstructionists -- but it 's the GOP 's concern for blacks and minorities in the last four decades that has been troubling and problematic . Republican consultants will say that cultivating minority voters is a waste of time . That 's a short-term view . I would think that allowing the opposition party to get 90 % of a group 's vote without lifting a finger -- because your own ineptitude prevents you from making your case -- means trouble long-term . Republicans could compete for minority votes if they were actually interested in listening to the concerns of said voters . But if they just want to talk to minority voters and not listen , they can not compete . I know a bunch of African-Americans who do n't self-identify as Democrats . They , and I am one of them , have voted for both Republicans and Democrats . The issues that we care about vary . It 's not about ideology or party ; it 's about what you can do to be of help to those in need . If the GOP wants to learn how to communicate with minorities , it must listen to and work with the numerous minority Republicans who have been shouting this from the rooftop for years . You want to hear evidence from a couple of white guys ? Pick up the phone and call former U.S. Sen. George Voinovich of Ohio . He enjoyed sizable black support because when he was mayor of Cleveland , he did n't avoid minorities and treat them as outcasts . He sat down with them , shared their concerns , and worked on public policy -- together . Give Mike Huckabee a ring . When he was governor of Arkansas , he earned a lot of black votes for the same reason as Voinovich . He has urged the GOP to reach out . One issue where Republicans are finding themselves working with black civil rights leaders and pastors is in the area of sentencing reform . African-Americans see a legal system that has turned into a moneymaking machine for private prisons . GOP governors see state budgets out of control . A major civil rights leader told me he has found more success working with GOP governors than Democratic governors on sentencing reform . This is an example of what happens when individuals sit down , talk , share their concerns , and find common ground . But as long as the GOP is scared to even sit down with black folks and other minorities , it can expect to keep getting dusted at the ballot box . And do n't look to blame anyone else but yourselves , when you were given the chance and your own ignorance prevented you from reaching across the divide to talk . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : GOP National Committee 's Priebus dodges appearing on Martin shows He says GOP leaders in general avoid interacting with blacks ; they lose black votes this way He says GOP leaders seem to think blacks do n't have same concerns as all Americans Martin : One area where GOP , minority voters might share goals : sentencing reform
CNN  -- It 's that time of year for seasonal trips to the movies , and to celebrate , the Screening Room is taking a look back at our favorite family hits over the years . The best of Spielberg : "  E.T. " is our perfect family movie and perfectly captures childhood . From blockbuster to blockbuster , these are the films with something for everyone . They 've got to be live action -- we 've covered animated films before -- and family friendly . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog and we 'll publish the best . Read other CNN viewers ' favorite and worst family films , and tell us yours >> 1 . E.T. : The Extra-Terrestrial  Steven Spielberg , 1982  Spielberg 's magic captures a perfect moment in childhood . We laughed and wept as his ugly little critter from outer space stole our hearts , while the kids fell firmly on the cute side of annoying . And oh , the music ... 2 . Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory  Mel Stuart , 1971  Gene Wilder 's whacked-out Willy Wonka adds a pinch of sinister to Roald Dahl 's anarchic sweet treat , while the ignoble exits of Veruca Salt , Augustus Gloop and Mike Teevee were delicious . 3 . Babe  Chris Noonan , 1995  "  That 'll do , pig . " Babe is wide-eyed with wonder in Dick King-Smith 's touching tale of a lonely little sheep-pig . Comic relief from the ewes , subtle special effects and a heartwarming turn from James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett make this a magical tale for all . 4 . Bugsy Malone  Alan Parker , 1976  Jodie Foster and Scott Baio  Yes , Chachi from "  Happy Days ! "  star in this glorious escapade set in a musical world of pint-sized gangsters and mini-molls . Al Capone for the kids ; just watch out for the splurge guns ... 5 . Oliver !  Carol Reed , 1968  Jack Wild is delightful as the Artful Dodger , Ron Moody 's devilish Fagin glints with avaricious greed and Shani Willis shines as poor , ill-fated Nancy . But it 's Oliver Reed 's dark and sinister Bill Sykes who stayed with us -- and left us wanting more . 6 . Back to the Future  Robert Zemeckis , 1985  Christopher Lloyd 's mad professor , a Delorean-cum-time machine , rock 'n' roll and a convenient bolt of lightning see Biff the bully get his come-uppance . All that , and a skateboarding Michael J. Fox ? Mr Zemeckis , you spoil us ! 7 . Home Alone  Chris Columbus , 1990  Macaulay Culkin 's abandoned little boy sees off bungling burglars Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern with a series of eye-watering stunts . It proves just how great a child actor Culkin was ; pity the unpopular babysitters who became the victims of copycat pranksters ... 8 . Ghostbusters  Ivan Reitman , 1984  Bill Murray , Dan Ackroyd and Harold Ramis blast ghostly green monsters to oblivion in this slime-filled romp around NYC , while taking time out to annoy Sigourney Weaver en route . Who you gon na call ? 9 . The Muppet Movie  James Frawley , 1979  Kermit and Co. 's roadtrip to Hollywood is a fabulously fuzzy tale of friendship and following your dreams , but the Muppet Movie 's not just for kids : there 's cameos a-plenty  Bob Hope , Steve Martin , Richard Pryor , ORSON WELLES !  for Dad and smart one-liners by the bucketful for Mom . 10 . Harry Potter  Various , 2001-present  The Hogwarts trio 's wizarding adventures , backed by a cast plump with the best of British actors . Fast-paced plots , spellbinding special effects and magical sets , but be warned : it 'll have the li'l critters pestering you to go to boarding school ... And our favorite hide-behind-the-sofa moments ... The Wizard of Oz  Victor Fleming , 1939  "  I 'll get you , my pretty , and your little dog , too ! " Margaret Hamilton 's green , cackling Wicked Witch of the West is hell-bent on revenging the death of her sister and getting those ruby slippers ; she 'll use deadly poppies and flying monkeys to do it . Terror as a rite of passage . Chitty Chitty Bang Bang  Ken Hughes , 1968  With his battered top hat and lank hair , Robert Helpmann 's creepy Child Catcher prowled from Vulgaria into our nightmares , hoping to catch a whiff of his prey with his unfeasibly long nose . The only film character to give the Wicked Witch of the West a run for her money . Star Wars  George Lucas , 1977  Darth Vader may cast a formidable shadow , but it 's the sound of his labored breathing that makes the hairs on the back of your neck stand up -- as it gets closer , closer , closer ... Ghostbusters  Ivan Reitman , 1984  Rule 475 of Surviving the Movies : Never go into the basement ! The thick silence in New York 's Central Library masks a phantom infestation -- and they 're not going quietly . As the gray-haired librarian switched to shrieking ghoul , a generation of children was put off reading for life . Jurassic Park  Steven Spielberg , 1993  And again , it 's the sound effects that make the Velociraptors so scary -- as the frighteningly intelligent pack of lizards hunt for Lex and Tim among the kitchen workbenches , their hissing grows ever nearer ... Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's The Screening Room picks the top 10 live-action family films "  E.T. , " "  Willy Wonka " and "  Babe " head the list Hide-behind-the-sofa moments include "  The Wizard of Oz , " "  Jurassic Park " Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog
CNN  The same superbug that contributed to two deaths in Los Angeles has been reported in North Carolina , where one person has died , a spokesman told CNN . Eighteen people have contracted carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , or CRE , so far this year , said Kevin McCarthy , spokesman with the Carolinas HealthCare System . Of those , 15 had CRE upon admission to the hospital in Charlotte ; three acquired it in the hospital , and one died , the spokesman said . The cause of death was not immediately clear . McCarthy declined to provide details on any of the patients . It was also not clear how any of them became infected . In Los Angeles , seven patients contracted CRE after routine endoscopic procedures . Two of them died , the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center said last week . CRE was a contributing factor in the deaths , but the exact cause of the deaths was n't immediately disclosed in those cases either . Hospital officials there have said the outbreak was caused by two medical scopes that still carried the deadly bacteria even though disinfection guidelines were followed . The UCLA hospital was using a duodenoscope made by Olympus , but the Food and Drug Administration is also reviewing data from the two other U.S. companies that make the devices , Fujifilm and Pentax . The medical center is contacting 179 others who underwent endoscopic procedures between October and January . It 's offering them home tests to screen for the bacteria . In a statement , McCarthy said Carolinas HealthCare System uses standard methods for disinfecting its equipment , saying that all duodenoscopes that have been tested have shown to be negative for CRE . Some CRE bacteria can resist most antibiotics , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website . CNN 's Ben Tinker , Michael Martinez and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Eighteen people have contracted CRE so far this year at a hospital in Charlotte , North Carolina CRE is highly resistant to many forms of antibiotic treatments , the CDC says
CNN  -- Jason Momoa 's audition tape for "  Game of Thrones " is an impressive piece of work . The actor gave a breakthrough performance as Dothraki leader Khal Drogo in the first season of "  Game of Thrones , " and a 35-second audition tape proves that he was pretty much born to play the part . A 2012 YouTube clip of the audition , resurfaced by Time , shows Momoa giving a captivating performance of a haka , a traditional dance done by the Maori people of New Zealand . Momoa was born in Hawaii , but the actor told New Zealand 's Stuff last year that he feels a kinship with the Maori . "  We come from the same  Polynesian  culture , " he said . "  When I found out more about the Maori culture , I fell in love with it and with the people , too . " To win the part of Khal Drogo , Momoa wanted something powerful and irresistible to watch -- and haka fit the bill on both counts . "  It 's very , very powerful , and I wanted to capture that , " the actor told Stuff . "  I just thought it was apt for the role because it 's beautiful and scary . " Unfortunately , Momoa 's imposing Drogo did n't last long in the "  Game of Thrones ' " world , but with at least one flashback planned for the upcoming fifth season , fans can always hope to see his character again . In the meantime , there 's Aquaman . Warner Bros. has confirmed rampant rumors that Momoa will play the hero in 2016 's "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , " in addition to getting his own Aquaman movie in 2018 . Wonder Woman , Aquaman and more headed to theaters At the Walker Stalker Con in Atlanta over the weekend , Momoa was finally able to talk about landing the huge role . "  As a Polynesian , our gods are tied to water , so this means something special , " Momoa said . "  I 'm very excited to be a part of  ` Batman v Superman '  . Zack Snyder is a genius . "	Jason Momoa 's audition tape for "  Game of Thrones " is captivating The actor performs a traditional Maori haka Next up , Momoa will tackle the role of Aquaman
Bali , Indonesia  CNN  -- Nestled among the lush forests of Bali , near the hill town of Ubud , is one of the island 's most remarkable villages . It 's not just that each of the 18 homes of Green Village is constructed almost entirely from bamboo , but the form they take . From vast spiral staircases to a river-spanning bridge leading to the door of the newest house , the designs are more akin to luxury mansions than jungle huts . The exclusive abodes are part of creative director Elora Hardy 's masterplan for sustainable , luxury living . As the daughter of John Hardy -- who set up Bali 's Green School to educate a new generation of environmentally responsible students -- she and her team of designers and architects are also committed to changing common perceptions of what sustainability means . "  The first step  for us  is to create sustainable luxury living and different a mindset , " says Green Village architect Defit Wijaya . Read more : Why emeralds make some of us mad with desire Centered around a communal area but separated by discreet gardens , the villas are open to the elements adding to each of the homes ' sense of space and light and affording some beautiful views of the surrounding forests and rushing Ayung river below . While some families live in the village , some homes are luxury retreats and can cost between $ 500,000 and $ 2million . The latest and largest structure lies on the other side of the river with its five stories towering above the forest canopy . Lucky guests traverse a glass and bamboo bridge to reach the villa 's front door , itself a revolving glass oval . Clever design and roll-down shutters help protect those inside from rainstorms , while banana paper for interior walls and some aluminum for roofing are generally the only concessions to non-bamboo materials . Simplicity then is a key design element but it has n't restricted some non-organic basics , with electricity and high-end kitchen fittings standard throughout the buildings . Wijaya 's next project is to build a house with a 15-meter roof span -- twice as big as the largest so far -- and without any central columns . Read more : Beauty from the crypt - mystery of Europe 's jeweled skeletons "  This is the future . It 's pure architecture ... to breathe fresh air and touch nature , that 's everything . " Much like any other house anywhere , some running repairs have to be made on small non-structural pieces of the homes . But the largest structural bamboo logs could last a lifetime , says Mokoho Sumerta , the chief builder from the nearby bamboo factory . "  We treat each piece of bamboo with a mixture of water and boric acid to stop fungus and insects . Before doing this a bamboo structure would last only seven years , now we 're not sure how long a building can last . " Around 200 farmers across the island are paid to grow bamboo on areas of their land not used for agriculture . Some of the largest logs are 25 meters long but only take 3 years to grow . The angle of the main structural logs is also important to minimize the impact of direct sun and rain , which can weaken them . But the magnificent designs show another side of bamboo that those connected to the project , like Operational Director Patrick How , hope will be a greater legacy . "  Many people still think bamboo is cheap and only for small buildings , but we 're showing it can be used to make high houses and really redefine how the material is used . " Read more : High art meets the high-street at neon-lit Miami Beach	Bali 's Green Village sets a precedent for high-end design and sustainable architecture Locally sourced bamboo used to create million dollar luxury villas Project aims to change mindsets and push boundaries of design and architecture
CNN  -- Ensuring a bustling aviation hub runs like clockwork is a challenging endeavor at the best of times . Doing so under a blizzard of thick snow , ice and freezing fog can only intensify the battle against the clock . Faced with these winter extremities for almost half the year , Oslo Airport has recruited a secret weapon to help meet its scheduling commitments -- the TV 2000 snow-blower . Weighing in at a mammoth 40 tons and with a price tag of just under $ 2 million , the giant snow-plow can clear a three kilometer runway in as little as 15 minutes . The TV 2000 can remove "  about ten thousand tons of snow an hour , " said the airport 's head of services , Henning Bratebeck . "  It pushes the snow with a plow , it sweeps the runway and it blows the snow to the side , " he added . An array of smaller vehicles finish the job . There are only four such devices in the world , he added , and Oslo Airport has snapped up two of them . See also : Iceland bouncing back on tourism boom Employing such advanced weather management systems make sense for an airport situated just a few hundred miles from the Arctic Circle . Winter stretches between October and April in Norway , with snow falling regularly during this period . According to Oslo Airport CEO , Nic Nilsen , this has pushed Oslo to become a leader in airport snow maintenance . "  We have winter six months a year , and we need to be able to handle winter operations more or less like summer operations , " Nilsen says . "  This requires good planning , it requires a lot of resources , good procedures and a lot of training . "  If not  we will more or less be out of business , " he added . See also : The rise of airport dating The TV 2000 is a key weapon in the fight to keep flights on time but , as Nilsen intimates , there are a host of other snow-clearing devices and tactics employed at Oslo Airport . This includes a rigorous de-icing process for aircraft and runways as well as a fleet of giant plows that follow the TV 2000 to clear the snow blown off runways . An extra 90 people meanwhile are hired by the airport just to assist with snow clearance during winter months . "  The idea is this  TV 2000  basically does the grunt work , " Bratebeck explained . "  But we also always  have 27 guys ready in case the snow starts falling . " As soon as "  the first flakes fall down we will drive out ... and  begin  the snow cleaning , " he added . The effectiveness and military-like precision of this process becomes fully clear when compared to winter performance at other European airports . See also : Gulf airlines shaking up alliances Few sites are exposed to the elements with such regularity , yet almost all find it hard to compete with Oslo 's record on punctuality . Around 40 percent of flights were cancelled at Paris Charles de Gaulle and Orly airports on just one day in January this year . Frankfurt meanwhile was forced to close operations , leading to the cancellation of some 500 flights in the process . By comparison Oslo has only ever had to cease operations because of heavy snow twice since opening its doors in 1998 . On both occasions operations were up and running again after a matter of hours -- although Oslo Airport is considerably smaller than those in London , Paris and Frankfurt . "  I think it 's fair to say that after fourteen years we are in the position where we have a very solid and very good operation , " says Nilsen . "  We are well prepared , know how to handle the situation , and we also have a policy of standardizing the fleet of vehicles , so maintenance and renewal is much more easy . "  But  we know that one winter will always play different from the previous ones so we  will always  learn something new , " he added .	Oslo Airport in Norway has a secret weapon in its battle against the winter elements The TV 2000 is hugesnow-blower that can clear a three kilometer runway in 15 minutes Oslo has one of the best records in Europe for on-time departure of flights
CNN  -- A sailor accused of killing another sailor was found dead in his cell in a southern California military jail , officials said Friday . Seaman August Provost , shown on his MySpace page , was killed while on sentry duty at Camp Pendleton . Petty Officer Jonathan Campos was found dead in the brig at the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton in San Diego , a military statement said . The cause of death was self-inflicted asphyxiation , according to the statement . Campos had been charged with murder in the June 30 shooting death of Seaman August Provost . Provost was killed while he was standing guard as a sentry for the Assault Craft Unit 5 compound at Camp Pendleton , officials said . Authorities also said Provost 's body was set on fire at his guard post . Provost 's family believed that he was killed partly because of his sexual orientation . However , a spokesman for Camp Pendleton , where the shooting took place , said there was no indication early in the investigation that the killing was a hate crime . Along with the murder charge , Campos was facing charges of drug use , larceny , burglary , theft , arson and unlawful handling of a deceased individual .	Sailor charged in death of gay sailor found dead in brig , officials say Officials believe Jonathan Campos asphyxiated himself Seaman August Provost was shot , killed during sentry duty in June
South Africa  CNN  -- Competing unions , worker dissatisfaction and multiple reports of violence threaten to weaken the stability of Africa 's largest economy . On Wednesday the world 's top platinum producer , Anglo American , suspended all of its operations in Rustenburg , South Africa due to "  intimidation " of its workers . Lonmin , which saw a week of strike-related violence at its Marikana mine end in 44 deaths in August , reports a meager 1.8 % attendance rate at all of its platinum mines Wednesday . Meanwhile thousands of striking workers are halting operations at select gold mines as well . Currently there is no end or resolution in sight . The mine violence explained Fury over shootings tests Zuma Exacerbating this crisis Tuesday , ousted ANC Youth League President Julius Malema announced to a crowd of striking workers at Gold Fields that , "  There must be a national strike in all the mines , " adding that for five days each month workers should walk off the job in protest and solidarity . He was preaching to workers like Thokozanin Makhasi . Makhasi dedicated 18 years of his life to dangerous work underground for Gold Fields . A team leader of five people , his thumb was once crushed by a falling rock -- only a small nub remains . His monthly pay is roughly 6,000 Rand or $ 730 . As the sole breadwinner in his household , his meager income supports his mother , wife , five children , and two of his sister 's children . He says it 's not enough and like thousands of other striking mineworkers is demanding a 12,500 Rand  $ 1,500  monthly salary or $ 18,000 for the year . Union dissatisfaction lies at the heart of the growing and widening miner strike movement . Makhasi complains that his union , the National Union of Mineworkers  NUM  , cares more about maintaining ties with the majority party -- the African National Congress  ANC  -- than representing the interests of its members . He says this is why his wages have remained so low . Black South Africans were socially and economically liberated thanks to the efforts of Nelson Mandela 's ANC and a coalition of unions . But 18 years later , striking miners feel that political elites and union heads are no longer looking out for the working man 's interests . The NUM breakaway entity , AMCU  Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union  is taking advantage of this sentiment , encouraging NUM members to change allegiances . Witnesses have characterized them as more militant and aggressive , carrying machetes and sticks during strike marches . This AMCU-NUM turf war has complicated matters for workers confused at who can deliver on their wage demands and also for mine operators wanting to negotiate with the legitimate groups . Still , one aspect of this crisis is clear , Malema sees himself as playing a major role . During an interview with CNN 's Christian Amanpour on Tuesday Malema stated , "  We have now taken over the leadership of -LSB- this -RSB- struggle to make sure the mineral resources of this country benefit the people of this country . " It 's a message is resonating with Makhasi . He says he likes what he hears from Malema and prefers the AMCU all because the leaders he trusted for so long have failed him . He pledges to stay off the job with thousands of others , until his wage demands are met .	Anglo American , the world 's top platinum producer , suspended operations in Rustenburg Makhasi dedicated 18 years of his life to dangerous work underground for Gold Fields Makhasi supports five children and his wife on 6,000 Rand or $ 730 a month
Ex-New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez has been charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the July 2012 killings of two men in Boston , authorities said Thursday . Hernandez , 24 , could be arraigned as early as next week . He is currently in jail awaiting trial in a separate case : the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd , who was dating a sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley said at a news conference Thursday that a grand jury returned the indictments in the shooting deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado . "  Mr. de Abreu and Mr. Furtado were ambushed and executed as they drove home along Shawmut Avenue in Boston 's South End in the early morning hours of July 16 , 2012 , " Conley said . In addition to the two counts of first-degree murder , Hernandez also has been charged with three counts of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of assault and battery by means of a dangerous weapon , the district attorney added . The latter four counts reflect shots fired at three people , one of whom was wounded , inside the car that de Abreu and Furtado were in , Conley said . Conley said that Hernandez was driving an SUV that pulled up alongside de Abreu and Furtado 's car near the nightclub and that the former football star fired a .38 - caliber revolver at them . Hernandez has also been charged with unlawfully carrying the gun he allegedly used in the attack , Conley said . The gun has been recovered by authorities . CNN 's calls to Hernandez 's attorney were not immediately returned . He ` may have been the shooter ' Confirmation that Hernandez was suspected in the Boston slayings came when documents were unsealed in court in January . In those records , it is suggested that Hernandez was the trigger man in de Abreu and Furtado 's killings . "  There is ... probable cause to believe that Aaron Hernandez was operating the suspect vehicle used in the shooting homicides ... and may have been the shooter , " reads a June 2013 warrant that was part of the unsealed batch of records . The warrant was used to search a Toyota 4Runner linked to Hernandez that , according to court documents , witnesses saw at the scene of the crime . The warrant gave permission to search for gun residue on the SUV , which was recovered at the home of Hernandez 's uncle in Bristol , Connecticut . In search warrant affidavits , investigators have said Hernandez and another man , later identified as Alexander Bradley , followed de Abreu and Furtado into the club . The former star football player and Bradley are seen on security cameras together inside Cure Lounge and driving an SUV that had been following de Abreu and Furtado when they left the club , according to court papers . Witnesses said that the SUV sped away after multiple shots were fired at the car . In February , the de Abreu and Furtado families filed wrongful death lawsuits against Hernandez , with each family seeking $ 6 million . They said Thursday they were thankful that the justice system was moving forward with criminal charges . "  They have wanted some kind of accountability and they feel as if that is starting to happen , " attorney William Kennedy told reporters while flanked by the fathers of the two men . July 2012 shooting At Thursday 's news conference , Conley described the night that de Abreu and Furtado were killed . About 12:30 a.m. on July 16 , 2012 , de Abreu and Furtado arrived at the Cure Lounge in Boston 's theater district . By coincidence , Hernandez and another person entered the club at the same time , Conley said , adding that the investigation has not uncovered evidence that the two sets of men knew each other . Instead , he said , it seems that their "  chance encounter " inside the club "  triggered a series of events that culminated in these murders . " The victims left the club about 2 a.m. and drove away , unaware , the district attorney said , that Hernandez was driving behind them . When the victims ' car stopped at a red light , Hernandez 's SUV pulled up beside it . "  Aaron Hernandez then fired a .38 - caliber revolver multiple times from the driver 's side of his vehicle into the passenger 's side of the victims ' vehicle , " Conley said . De Abreu , the driver , was shot several times and fatally hit in the chest , and Furtado , who was in the front passenger seat , was struck multiple times and gravely wounded with a shot to the head , the district attorney said . Two backseat passengers escaped injury and ran from the car . A third man remained in the car and suffered a wound to his arm , Conley said . June 2013 shooting Law enforcement has focused on Hernandez since he was arrested in June . He was charged with first-degree murder and weapons charges in connection with the shooting death of Lloyd , a 27-year-old semipro football player , in North Attleboro , Massachusetts , about a mile from Hernandez 's home . On June 17 , a jogger found Lloyd 's body riddled with gunshot wounds at an industrial park . Prosecutors have said that on that day , Lloyd was seen was seen around 2:30 a.m. with Hernandez and Hernandez 's friends , Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace , in a rented silver Nissan Altima . On June 18 and 22 , police searched Hernandez 's home . Days later , the football player was arrested and charged with first-degree murder in Lloyd 's death . Hernandez also was hit with five weapons-related charges . In court on June 26 , First Assistant District Attorney Bill McCauley said that Hernandez "  drove the victim to the remote spot , and then he orchestrated his execution . " "  He orchestrated the crime from the beginning , " McCauley said . "  He took steps to conceal and destroy evidence , and he took steps to prevent the police from speaking to ... an important witness . " Hernandez pleaded not guilty , and a judge ordered him held without bail . The NFL 's Patriots then dropped the tight end from the team roster . On Thursday , Lloyd 's sister , Olivia Thibou , said the new indictment of Hernandez shocked her . "  It 's pretty scary to hear that someone was on the street , in the public eye , and is such an icon , and now we learn that this is  allegedly  happening behind the scenes , " she said . After the July 2012 double homicide , Hernandez continued to play football . During the next season , he had 51 receptions for 483 yards and five touchdowns . The Patriots finished the regular season with 12 wins and four losses and won the AFC East Division . They lost to the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC championship game . At the June 26 hearing , defense attorney Michael Fee said that the evidence against his client was circumstantial and that bail should be granted so that Hernandez could return home to spend time with his fiance , Shayanna Jenkins , and his child , then 8 months old . "  It is a circumstantial case . It is not a strong case , " Fee said , arguing that Hernandez had cooperated with law enforcement and was not a flight risk . While investigators worked , and the former football star stayed in jail , the Lloyd case took several twists and turns . Last month , Hernandez 's associates , Ortiz and Wallace , were indicted on murder charges in connection with Lloyd 's killing . "  Ernest Wallace did not shoot or kill anybody , " Wallace 's attorney , David Meier of Boston , told CNN on April 11 . Wallace pleaded not guilty Thursday to the murder charge in court in Fall River . Among Hernandez 's jail visitors have been his fiance and cousin , Tanya Cummings Singleton , both of whom face charges in connection with the Lloyd homicide , the court papers revealed in February . Prosecutors on Thursday announced that Singleton was charged with criminal contempt of court in connection with the de Abreu and Furtado slayings . The grand jury has also returned an additional indictment charging Singleton with criminal contempt of court , Conley said . Last October , Jenkins pleaded not guilty to perjury charges after prosecutors alleged that she lied to a grand jury and disposed of evidence .	Attorney says fathers of two men killed pleased that case is moving forward Sister of victim in other Hernandez case says indictment shocked her Two men were shot to death near a Boston nightclub in 2012 Associate of Hernandez appears in court in different case , enters not guilty plea
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In a world of celluloid action stuffed with CGI fights and sci-fi gadgetry , thank heavens for Jason Bourne , the amnesiac assassin who 's so lethal that he can turn a hardback book into a weapon . The only foe who 's come anywhere close to trouncing the resourceful hero was Desh Bouksani , the Blackbriar super-assassin sent to Morocco to despatch him in 2007 's "  The Bourne Ultimatum . " Action actor Joey Ansah says the days of martial arts beefcake with no acting skills are over . He 's one of a new breed of multi-talented actors who can act as well as fight . It 's a classic fight in a series celebrated for gritty realism and great stunts . Bourne , played by Matt Damon , and Joey Ansah 's Desh throw each other around the room with primal ferocity : you wonder how they did it without injuring each other . Ansah  JA  puts it down to being a one of a new breed of stunt actors who can play parts just as well as they can fight . He talks to "  The Screening Room "  TSR  about the the stunt tricks that allowed the Bourne team to create unprecedented realism and still be around to tell the story . Video : Ansah explains the secrets of a great on-screen fight TSR  : Your big break came in 2007 when you played Desh in the "  The Bourne Ultimatum . " How did that come about ? Did the fact that you were able to do your own stunts help ? JA  : By then I had been acting full-time for about four years . I had also auditioned for the casting director of "  Bourne " in the past . I had obviously done something right since he remembered me . My role included a big fight against Matt Damon . It is the fight of the movie . There were several rounds of auditions . The first round was physical -- to see if you could ride a motorbike and do choreography . Then there was a dramatic audition and another round for the director . They did n't realize the full extent of what I could do until I got the role . The fight was n't going to look like that if someone else got the role . The flip out of the wrist lock was my idea . I took hits that most people would n't take and performed moves that had n't been done before . It was a great opportunity to showcase something . TSR  : The fight scene in "  The Bourne Ultimatum " is incredibly violent and visceral . How did you make it look so real ? JA  : That 's a good question . You see a lot of fight scenes that are uninspiring , but the "  Bourne " films are known for their gritty realism . Matt Damon 's Jason Bourne is a very everyday type of character , so the fighting has to be very real . I remember telling the fight coordinator that we had to make this the best fight scene in the franchise . We rehearsed and collaborated to get some great stuff . When I met with Matt for the first time I was like , "  We have to get to go all out . " The choreographer , Jeff Amada -- he 's done films such as "  The Crow " , "  Fight Club " , "  Blade , " "  Lethal Weapon " -- was one of my favourite choreographers , so working with him was great . The choreography itself was brilliant , but it 's also how you fill it out with reactions . Actors are n't used to action , so they double-up for painful scenes or they wo n't be able to film them in such a brutal way . But the good thing about Matt is that he is very rough and ready . The fight took six 13-hour days to film . TSR  : You said that you were willing to get hurt . Can you talk a bit more about that ? JA  : My ethos is that it is an art form . If your character is going to take a beating , then you do too . For example , the book scene where Matt picks up a book and rams it into my throat , smashing me into the cabinet -- the book was squishy but the core was solid . We messed around to see if I could hold the book and make it look like he was hitting me . In the end I said , "  Matt , just do it . What is the worst that can happen . " And he was like , "  Are you sure ? " So we go for it and we hit the -LSB- cabinet -RSB- so hard the doors come off . Everyone was worried . But when we looked at the playback we knew we got it . TSR  : Do you see yourself as part of a new breed of action actors ? JA  : During the 80s , films with modest budgets would get cinema distribution and the stars would have predominantly action-orientated backgrounds . But it 's changed . Now audiences demand a higher standard of acting . Gone are the Van Dammes , Schwarzeneggers and Stallones ... the muscle-bound action hero . The modern action hero is Keanu Reeves in "  The Matrix " or ... good actors like Will Smith , Matt Damon . If you reach Jackie Chan 's level you will get something really engrossing to watch . That 's a new breed and I want to be in that niche . Do you prefer muscle-bound tough guys like Arnie or modern action heroes like Matt Damon ? TSR  : You played a ninja in "  Batman Begins . " Did you have to audition to become a stuntman on the film ? JA  : Yes , there was an audition . I was cast as one of the League of Shadows -- the group of ninjas who trained on the mountain camp where Liam Neeson 's character trains Bruce Wayne . -LSB- The audition -RSB- was at Shepperton Studios -LSB- in London . -RSB- We had to do solo performances to show our skills . Then we did choreographed sword work -- alone and in a team . They make you jump through hoops but it was good because my friends and I got on that film together and we had a good laugh . TSR  : How did you first become a stunt actor ? JA  : Well , my story is quite interesting . I started off young , when I was doing a lot of theatre . I caught the martial art bug aged nine and have trained in martial arts , tae kwon do , ninjutsu , capoeira and got into acrobatics . Then I stopped acting for awhile . I thought I could get into showbiz . Maybe with these physical skills I 'd have a quick route in . So originally , I thought I 'd work as a stuntman . That 's what I began working towards and ended up working on "  Batman Begins " and when I decided I wanted to pursue an acting career and do my own action in my films . TSR  : Was it a big transition to go from the acrobatic and martial arts to the skills you have to use as a stuntman ? JA  : Yes . But you can tweak your training to be more stunt-focused . The real difference between martial arts or real combat and screen fighting is that real fights are shorter . But in on-screen fighting you want to extend everything so the audience can see the extension of your techniques . So , a lot of moves are exaggerated . And then there are reactions . In action you have to be able to deliver good technique and give good reactions , because reactions make your opponents ' actions look more powerful . TSR  : What does it take to make it as a stuntman ? JA  : In Britain , to make it as a stuntman , ideally you want to join the British Stunt Register and the British Actors ' Equity Stunt Register . To do that you have to be qualified in six disciplines , such as swimming , horse riding , gymnastics , car racing , martial arts , boxing , fencing . You must also have 60 days of paid work in front of a camera . TSR  : Do you think it is hard to break into the stunt industry ? JA  : It is . Over here it 's a very closed shop . If anything , they almost go out of their way to scare off new people because there are already a lot of stuntmen or women and not enough work . It 's like jumping through hoops to get on the register . So , it will take anywhere from three to five years to become qualified . And it will cost you thousands to do it . TSR  : Do you think that stuntmen are the unsung heroes of Hollywood ? JA  : Yes , in a big way . Moments in the greatest action films and even non-action films are created by very skilled stuntmen . What gets to me is the credits -- there 's just a block of stuntmen 's names . So you do n't know who did the stunt . In "  The Dark Knight " you want to know the name of the stuntman who leapt off a building in Hong Kong and hung onto an airborne helicopter . There is lobbying for the Oscars to have a category for stuntmen .	Action actor Joey Ansah , who plays Desh in "  The Bourne Ultimatum " talks stunts The martial arts master on how they achieved the film 's famous fight Ansah on his on-screen opponent Matt Damon : "  he is very rough and ready " Video : Ansah demonstrates the secrets of a great on-screen fight
CNN  -- With the movie "  Zombieland " sitting on top at the box office , fans of the walking dead got another grisly , ghoulish treat on Wednesday . "  He 's so meticulous , " author Max Brooks said of "  Recorded Attacks " illustrator Ibraim Roberson : "  The Zombie Survival Guide : Recorded Attacks , " the latest in the series of zombie chronicles by author Max Brooks , is a graphic novel that looks at the undead menace throughout history . "  When I wrote ` Zombie Survival Guide , ' I always wanted to come back to the historic attacks at the end of the book , " said Brooks , whose "  World War Z " is in development to become a movie . View a gallery of essential zombie movies In the book , illustrated by Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson , cavemen , the Roman legions and African slaves all battle the undead with varying degrees of success . "  More than a zombie nerd or a science fiction nerd , I 'm a history nerd , " said Brooks . "  I was a history major in college -- history is probably the only subject that allowed me to graduate high school . " And in a move sure to please genre fans -- Brooks might say "  genre nerds " -- there 's even a scrap in feudal Japan between zombies and ninjas . "  It 's never a bad thing to put zombies and ninjas together , " said Brooks , whose father is comedy legend Mel Brooks . In looking for the right artist to set his story to a comic format , Brooks said he reviewed lots of artists before settling on Roberson . "  He 's head and shoulders above most people illustrating today , " Brooks said . "  The book itself is unique and I wanted a unique look . His artwork is unlike anything else I 've ever seen , zombies or otherwise ... . He 's so meticulous . " But turning his work into a two-person job required some extra effort . The former "  Saturday Night Live " writer said he had n't worked with a collaborator since being on the show . Roberson was in Brazil during the writing of the book . "  It was definitely a new world for me to sharpen my communication skills , " he said . "  Usually , the way I worked was brain to pen to paper . Now it was brain to e-mail . " Next up for Brooks , he said , is a writing project he deems "  top secret " and a comic-book mini-series for IDW Publishing detailing the classic comic/action figure characters of "  G.I. Joe . " "  They 're not continuing stories , " he said of the project with the working title , "  Hearts and Minds . "  They 're up-close and personal stories for G.I. Joe and Cobra characters . "	"  Zombie Survival Guide : Recorded Attacks " released Wednesday Author Max Brooks says he 's always been a "  history nerd " Romans , cavemen and ninjas all get a crack at undead in graphic novel Brooks and Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson worked remotely on project
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The judge who presided over the Michael Jackson wrongful-death trial last year issued a final rejection of the Jacksons ' request for a new trial on Monday . The six-month-long trial ended in October with a victory for AEG Live , the concert promoter Jackson 's mother and children had claimed was liable for his death because it hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the death . Lawyers for mother Katherine Jackson argued that the verdict form used by the jury was faulty and that the judge erred by refusing to let them pursue a negligence claim independent of the hiring case . Their motion for a new trial filed in December included sworn statements from four of the 12 jurors saying they feel cheated by the outcome , which they blame on a misleading verdict form . Jackson died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol on June 25 , 2009 , which Dr. Conrad Murray told police he used to treat the pop icon 's insomnia as he prepared for a tour produced by AEG Live . Los Angeles County Judge Yvette Palazuelos issued a tentative ruling earlier in January saying she did not err in her decisions on the verdict form or with the dismissal of the negligence claim . She heard oral arguments on January 3 and filed her final decision denying the request on Monday . Jackson lawyers have indicated they will appeal the jury 's verdict . AEG Live lawyers filed statements from seven other jurors saying they were not confused by the verdict form . The jurors cited by the Jackson motion used the words "  stunned , " "  upset " and "  shocked " when they were told they had to stop deliberations after a majority agreed the answer was "  no " to the second question on the verdict form : "  Was Dr. Conrad Murray unfit or incompetent to perform the work for which he was hired ? " One juror called the question "  a trap that prevented us from deliberating on the real issues of the case . " "  After sitting through almost six months of the trial in this case , I believed that Mrs. Jackson had proven her case against AEG LIve , " another juror said . "  Despite this fact , I had no way of voting in favor of the plaintiffs because of the way that the verdict form was worded . " Jackson lawyers , in their arguments for a new trial , contended that Palazuelos erred by denying their request to add the words "  at any time " to the second question .	Michael Jackson 's mother wants a new trial for the wrongful death suit The six-month-long trial ended in October with a victory for promoter AEG Live Jackson lawyers argue the verdict form used by the jury was faulty The case is expect to be appealed by Jackson lawyers
CNN  -- Planning a road trip vacation can be tricky and downright frightening for people who are susceptible to carsickness . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta says motion sickness is "  paralyzing " and sometimes leaves him "  incapacitated . " Once the illness settles in , even the most soothing scenery whizzing past a car window will be no match for the symptoms : nausea , sweating , racing heart and difficulty breathing . It 's a subject all too familiar to CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta , who spoke with CNN.com about his own history of acute carsickness and how sufferers can treat it . CNN : What happens in the body when someone experiences carsickness or motion sickness ? Watch what you can do to fight carsickness " Gupta : Basically , everything in your body , all your senses are activating at the same time . If there is some sort of mismatch between your senses , say your eyes are telling you that you 're moving -- or not -- and your ears are telling you -LSB- the opposite -RSB- and for some reason they 're not connecting , you start to get what 's called disequilibrium , or motion sickness . And it 's the body 's response of telling you "  something is not quite right here . " CNN : So what part of that disconnect is most likely to make you feel motion sickness ? Gupta : The inner ear is probably the biggest culprit , mainly because you literally have these bones in the inner ear and these fluid-filled canals that detect your motion , and they are constantly giving you feedback right to your brain stem about what your position in space is . It 's called proprioception , and that is the ability to know your place in space . CNN : Are there other circumstances , besides riding in cars , which make people feel motion sick ? Gupta : Certainly there are certain things that are designed to do that , big theaters where you feel like you 're moving but you 're actually stationary in a chair , IMAX theaters for example . Besides car rides , boat rides can certainly do that and are probably the biggest culprit . Amusement park rides , that sort of thing as well . CNN : Can anyone get motion sickness ? Gupta : You know it 's funny , I think that probably anybody could get motion sickness . -LSB- When I rode -RSB- with the Blue Angels , I was talking to some of the pilots ahead of time , because I know that I 'm pretty prone to motion sickness . I have certain techniques that I 've taught myself so that I can ward off some of the awful symptoms . But some of the pilots I was talking to said they never -- and these are Naval pilots they go on boats and they fly planes : two things that you could really be subjected to it -- and they said that they 've never been motion sick , which I thought was kind of interesting . The trainer of the pilots said all of these guys on their first couple of rides lost their cookies , at least once . CNN : Are some people more likely than others to get motion sickness ? Gupta : People who have some sort of inner ear problem , we know that that can be an issue . Someone who has difficulty with their vision is more likely to have that mismatch between what they see and what they 're feeling in their inner ear . Diabetics -- because they have numbness in the feet -- often times wo n't be able to tell if they 're moving when they are , so they 'll get a mismatch . There have been some studies that have shown that genetics play a role so that if your mother gets motion sick , you 're more likely to , but ... there 's a pretty weak association , genetically . CNN : What does carsickness feel like for you ? Gupta : It is an awful feeling . It is paralyzing , really , for me . I go to New York a lot , and the ride from La Guardia to Time Warner Center ... it 's a quick ride . And I need to be ready to go when I get there . If I 'm having a bad ride , I am pretty much incapacitated for a good half an hour , 40 minutes after I get there . And it is all those things : I get sweaty , I feel really sick to my stomach , I feel like I 'm going to throw up , I ca n't think straight , I ca n't even talk on the phone at that time because any kind of stimulus just really throws me off . And what 's interesting is I never know exactly what to do . I think if the symptoms have already started , then a lot of times I 'll try to lie down and close my eyes , basically taking away one of the sensory stimuli , the vision . But you get a lot of starting and stopping and that can make it a lot worse . So it is pretty bad , and it 's actually a real problem . I have to do certain things now . I have to sit in the front seat . Sometimes I 'll ask the guys to let me drive . I 'll drive even in New York , because I do n't get sick when I drive . All your senses are firing on the same level when you 're driving the car . I open the windows , even in the colder weather to get some fresh air . That seems to help . Sometimes I will eat something that 's calming on my stomach beforehand so I at least do n't get the nausea associated with it . It 's very problematic for me . It 's like a migraine . If I get there , if I allow myself to get to the point where I 'm motion sick , then I 'm pretty much toast . I 'm going to have a bad 45 minutes or so . CNN : Why is it best to sit in the front seat as a passenger if you get carsick ? Gupta : I do that because you 're able to look at those things moving around you , you have much more window space , you 're able to have a sense of what the driver 's doing . So if the driver 's hitting the brakes , you see that happening and it matches up with your inner ear . If you 're sitting in the backseat and all of the sudden the driver hits the brakes , you get that queasy feeling in your stomach because your brain was n't expecting that . Your inner ear is telling you that they hit the brakes , you know that it 's happening , you may even clutch the hand rest and stuff , but it takes a second for your eyes to catch up . That whole process can make you motion sick . CNN : Is there any kind of therapy for motion sickness ? Gupta : Being someone who answers that not only as a doctor but a patient , there really is n't . Motion sickness is something that people -- if you 're particularly bothered by it -- might resort to a Dramamine patch , or something like that to get rid of the symptoms , but to have it not actually occur in the first place is a pretty difficult thing to do , particularly through training . The Blue Angels , coincidentally , told me the best therapy for me , was to just throw up . Throw up as quickly as possible . And they were absolutely right , because I tried not to , for the first 30 minutes of the ride , and I was miserable . I kept turning the fans on because I was starting to get that cold sweat , and then I threw up and I felt a thousand times better . CNN : Why are antihistamines and antimuscarinic drugs used for motion sickness ? Gupta : They 're all basically designed to prevent the nausea part of it . For the diaphoresis and the sweating and all that , they 're not going to help you that much . You have different receptors -- histamine and muscarinic receptors . Once you have these chemicals released in your body for whatever reason , they trigger those receptors . Histamine will cause you to release acid into your stomach , it will cause your skin to turn red , it feels like an allergic reaction . Muscarinic is sort of a similar thing , it 's a different type of receptor but it 's similar . But they do the same thing , they sort of quiet your stomach , quiet some of the symptoms associated with motion sickness but they do n't really take care of the cause of it in the first place . CNN : So what can people do to alleviate carsickness on road trips -- either for themselves or for people they 're riding with ? Gupta : I have two kids and we take road trips , and I will tell you that the DVD player can be a double-edged sword . It 's great because it keeps them quiet even for just a little bit . My younger one , I know , is prone to motion sickness , and she wants to watch the DVD , but it 's the worst thing you can do . It 's stationary and everything else around you is moving . -LSB- To avoid getting carsick -RSB- keep your head up as much as possible . Point out the beautiful scenery outside because it 's moving with you , so that 's a good thing . Get as much fresh air as much as possible . Try not to eat any particularly spicy foods , especially when you 're on road trips . Blander , drier foods , those are going to be good things . Soda water is a really good thing , clear sodas if possible . Heat tends to worsen the symptoms , so if it 's too hot to have the windows open and you can afford to have your air conditioning on these days , try and run your air a little bit . And get the kids and elderly people in particular out of the car as much as possible . Get them on terra firma from time to time , that also helps .	Dr. Gupta : Fighter pilots said the "  best therapy for me ... was to just throw up " Car sickness caused by mismatch between senses , Gupta says Big culprit : Watching DVDs during road trips Treatments : Keep head up , get fresh air , drink clear soda water , exit car
CNN  -- Thousands of protesters in cities across the United States waved American flags as they rallied Saturday against Arizona 's tough new immigration law and pushed for national immigration reform . "  Si se puede , " "  Yes we can " and "  Boycott Arizona " were common refrains for groups protesting from Los Angeles , California , to New York City . May 1 is traditionally a rallying day for supporters of immigration reform . But protesters across the country said they were galvanized by Arizona 's recent passage of a law cracking down on illegal immigration . The new Arizona law requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect they are in the United States illegally . Critics say it will lead to discrimination and racial profiling . But Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer has said the law is necessary because the federal government has failed to enforce border security with Mexico , allowing hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants to move into the state . She said changes to the law she approved Friday , which clarify that police could only stop suspected illegal immigrants while enforcing some other law or ordinance , should eliminate concerns about racial profiling . But criticism of the law was clear among tens of thousands of protesters flooding the streets of Los Angeles on Saturday , where organizers said they hoped to send a strong message with the number of people turning out . "  Does my face look illegal ? " one sign read . Karen Rayner , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles Police Department , said 50,000 people marched at the demonstration 's peak . Rayner said the rally was "  very peaceful " and no one was arrested . Police arrested about 20 protesters -- including a U.S. congressman -- at Saturday 's rally in Washington . Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , was among a group of protesters who were arrested for blocking the sidewalk outside the White House in what they said was a planned act of civil disobedience . The protesters wore T-shirts that read "  ARREST ME NOT MY FAMILY " and "  ARREST ME NOT MY FRIENDS . " A smaller group of about 200 people rallied outside the State Capitol in Phoenix , protesting the new law and asking the federal government to step in to stop it . About 1,000 people gathered in New York City 's Union Square on Saturday afternoon . Cesar Mack , an international studies student at City College of New York , told CNN he was an undocumented immigrant from Peru . "  I 've been living in this country six years and I 'm still fighting for immigration reform , " he said . CNN iReporter Julio Ortiz-Teissonniere said he saw signs in Arabic , French , Spanish and English at the New York rally . One sign in the crowd particularly caught his eye : "  Todos somos Arizona " -- "  We are all Arizona . " "  They were trying to convey that message that it 's a city and nation based on immigration . Everybody came from somewhere else , " he said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ted Rowlands , Ione Molinares and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Rallies unfold in cities across the U.S. against Arizona 's new immigration U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , was arrested during a rally in Washington Gutierrez and others were protesting outside the White House on Saturday About 1,000 people gathered in New York City 's Union Square on Saturday afternoon
CNN  -- The battleground of words is a place all mothers of daughters will find themselves . The day that sweet little face looks at you with complete defiance challenging every mother bone in your body , you need to be prepared for the inevitable event . I 'm here with a little advice for the brave ladies who are taking on the most difficult job in the world , raising daughters . It is in the arena of words that the job will be done well . So , here are three effective mother-daughter communication tips that can absolutely bring success . The first : As a mother it is your place to defuse , not to ignite . In the world of females there is a wonderful trait we each possess : That quality is called tenacity . So when we engage with our daughters , we find that characteristic at work . We ask , they respond , we respond , they respond , we react , they react and on and on , with both mother and daughter determined to have the last word . Mom , you 've got to keep your "  feminine side " under control . State your position in a reasoned and controlled way , on expectations and consequences . Then the tenacity you must employ is to stick to it without igniting a firestorm . There will be days you just have to end the confrontation by declaring that each of you will go to your separate corners . I would enter mine , which was usually my bedroom , and stick my head in my pillow . This was to effectively muffle the muted screams of a frustrated mom . After emotionally declaring every word that I wanted to say to my daughter into that bundle of polyester stuffing , I would gather my wits . Leaving my room with my calm and controlled face I re-entered the arena to successfully complete the conversation . The second tip all mothers must remember is to listen . Our goal is to be great mothers , not perfect mothers , so this means  this may come as a surprise  we are not always right . We do n't possess perfect understanding of all circumstances and even our rules may at times need revision . So mom , listen when your daughter is struggling with math and only wants to create art projects . She may be revealing her talents . Listen when you have adamantly declared no way is she doing that  whatever that may be  , when you find out you misinterpreted her intent or the circumstances she was entering . Listen when she wants to bend her curfew rules because she has a world premier movie to see after she gets off work , but to safely deposit her friends to their homes will make her late . She does have a job , mom ; it 's a good time to be persuaded . Really listen when her dreams take her to a college or a city that seems so far away and terribly dangerous . She may be on the life course destined for her and your fears should not be what hold her back . With this understanding , allow your daughter to express her frustrations , feelings and desires . Having her present a valid viewpoint stated in a calm and reasoned manner is a healthy exercise for both mother and daughter . Let her make her case and truly listen . You want your daughter to be persuasive when she is right , so allow yourself to be persuaded , too . The last but most important tip is your daughter will be more attentive to your words if she knows you believe in her . This is demonstrated best in the times you are simply living life . Tell her she has abilities and talents and she will work to develop them . Tell her you are proud of her choices and she will make better ones . Tell her you trust her and she will do her best to be trustworthy . If you tell her something is too hard for her , she will believe it . If you say she can accomplish anything , she will believe that , too . As Pablo Picasso said : "  When I was a child my mother said to me ` If you become a soldier , you 'll be a general . If you become a monk you 'll end up as the pope . ' Instead I became a painter and wound up as Picasso . " Award show acceptance speeches , dinner conversation and Mother 's Day cards all tell of the impact we moms can have on our daughters . So , when you get into the inevitable argument , defuse , do n't ignite . Teach her to defend and persuade . And tell that daughter of yours she can indeed be anything she dreams . Your daughter may be the general , the artist or even the president . Then finally , on those days when all else fails , it is still permissible to look down at that defiant face and say , as mothers throughout time have , "  You will do it because I am the mom and I said so . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Darlene Brock .	Darlene Brock has learned that all daughters try to win battles of words She says to state your position calmly and leave the room to scream into a pillow Remember : Moms are great , not perfect . So listen to daughter -- she might be right As last resort : "  You will do it because I am the mom and I said so "
Johannesburg  CNN  -- The sign language interpreter widely ridiculed for his performance at the Nelson Mandela memorial stands by his work . Thamsanqa Jantjie said Thursday that he is a fully qualified interpreter and has been trusted in the past with other big events . "  It has been many years I have been doing this job " he told CNN . "  My portfolio shows that I have been a champion of what I have been doing . " Not so , says the head of the South Africa Translators ' Institute . There were complaints last year after Jantjie interpreted the proceedings at the ruling African National Congress elective conference , the institute 's chairman , Johan Blaauw , told the South African Press Association . But Jantjie stands by his work . "  I have never in my life had anything that said I have interpreted wrong , " he said . "  For the deaf association , if they think that I have done a wrong interpretation , I ask forgiveness . For Deaf SA , if they are telling me that I was doing a wrong interpretation , then they should answer me why they were silent all the time , all these years , " he said , referring to the Deaf Federation of South Africa , which has criticized his work at the service . Jantjie declined to provide details about his hire for the four-hour memorial , watched by millions around the world , as a government inquiry looks into the matter . He said he had been drawn to the job of interpreting because he was disabled . "  I am suffering from schizophrenia , which is controllable . I am under treatment , " Jantjie said . At a news conference Thursday , Hendrietta Bogopane-Zulu , South Africa 's deputy minister of women , children and people with disabilities , admitted that mistakes had happened at the memorial service but added that Jantjie was not a "  fake . " She said there was no sign language standard in South Africa and deaf people spoke different dialects . She added that the government was looking into the vetting of Jantjie 's security clearance at the memorial . "  But normally when you do provide a service at a particular level , you will be vetted . And as you could see , he had his accreditation , so he did n't just walk through , " she said . Sign educators on Mandela interpreter Questions grow Bogopane-Zulu also said the government tracked down the company Jantjie worked for , but the owners "  seemed to have vanished . " "  We managed to get hold of them and then we spoke to them , wanting some answers , and they vanished into thin air , " she said . "  They have been providing substandard service for years . " Jantjie named his employer as a company called SA Interpreters . He did not give details about his training , saying his qualifications are filed with the company . "  You can look at my portfolio , it speaks for itself from the events that I have done in my country , " he said . As outrage over his interpretation skills have grown , so have questions about who hired him . The ANC said it did not hire Jantjie for the service , as it was the state that had organized the memorial . "  The processes that were followed to procure Mr. Jantjie 's services were thus government processes and not ANC processes , " the ruling party said in a prepared statement , adding that it had used his services before . "  It is important to make the point that , up until yesterday , the African National Congress had not been aware of any of complaints regarding the quality of services , qualifications or reported illnesses of Mr Jantjie . " Interpreter at Mandela memorial a fake , group says ' A dream come true ' Jantjie said he was proud to receive a call saying he would be interpreting at the memorial for the revered statesman , who died last week at age 95 . Asked who had called him to tell him he would be interpreting , he just said : "  It is a lady that I am serving under . " He said the atmosphere on the day was "  wonderful . " "  It was a dream come true , " he said , adding that he felt as if he had reached "  the standard of the champion of the whole world . " At the service , at which world leaders from President Barack Obama to Cuba 's Raul Castro spoke , he said he was doing South African sign language . ` Fake interpreter ' But the national director of the Deaf Federation of South Africa sees it differently . He said Jantjie had been dubbed a "  fake interpreter . " "  The deaf community is in outrage , " said Bruno Druchen . "  He is not known by the Deaf Community in South Africa nor by the South African Sign Language interpreters working in the field . " The man showed no facial expressions , which are key in South African sign language , and his hand signals were meaningless , Druchen said . "  It is a total mockery of the language , " he added . While dignitaries addressed the crowd at Johannesburg 's FNB stadium , Jantjie produced a series of hand signals that experts said meant nothing . "  It was almost like he was doing baseball signs , " deaf actress Marlee Matlin told CNN on Wednesday , through a sign language interpreter . "  I was appalled . " Though each country has its own sign language , all of them entail facial expressions , she said . She called his lack of facial expression "  a giveaway . " "  I knew exactly right then and there that he was n't authentic at all , and it was offensive ; it was offensive to me . " Marlee Matlin : I knew interpreter was fake CNN 's Ed Payne and Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	Interpreter Thamsanqa Jantjie tells CNN that his portfolio "  speaks for itself " He says he 's receiving treatment for schizophrenia "  I have been a champion of what I have been doing , " Jantjie says Owners of the company that supplied interpreter "  have vanished , " official says
CNN  -- The blistering heat wave that has brought stifling conditions to much of the United States broke 55 record highs on Wednesday , the National Weather Service said Thursday . That 's more than 1 % of all temperature records in the country . Another 60 records were tied Wednesday , the weather service said . As many as 22 deaths are blamed on the heat , the service said . Excessive heat and humidity are "  expected to expand into the Ohio Valley and East Coast states for the remainder of the week , " the weather service said in its forecast Thursday . The highest heat index values -- how hot it feels -- "  are expected across parts of the Midwest , Ohio Valley and Mid-Atlantic , where they are forecast to be between 105 and 115 degrees through Friday , with locally higher values possible , " the forecast said . How hot is it where you live ? Share your photos , videos and stories "  Excessive heat watches , warnings and heat advisories are in effect over much of the central U.S. , Ohio Valley and from the Carolinas northward into New England . " Triple-digit temperatures are forecast to remain across the Eastern United States through Saturday before cooling off slightly to the mid-90s by Sunday , according to the National Weather Service . But for some places , relief was already in store Thursday . "  The extremely hot temperatures should begin to subside across portions of the northern plains today , " the National Weather Service said , "  but the intense heat will remain in place through the weekend across the central and southern plains . " Among the records broken Wednesday were temperatures in Walsh , Colorado , at 104 ; Garden City , Kansas , at 108 ; and Gage , Oklahoma , at 107 , according to preliminary reports . Heat drives up emergency calls The heat has affected many outdoor activities , prompting one Minneapolis movie theater marquee to read , "  We have AC . Who cares what 's playing , " and one Canadian couple to forgo their original plans while visiting the Twin Cities . Scott Hoffot and his wife , Colleen , of Saskatchewan , Canada , arrived in Minneapolis Sunday with their camping gear , planning for a vacation spent mostly outdoors at a campground . Instead they 're now doing "  more touristy " things . "  We went from camping in a tent to staying in hotels , so that we could get air conditioning , " said Hoffot . "  We spent a fair amount of time in the Mall of America yesterday because of the heat . " What 's behind deadly heatwave ? The last time Isabella Kulkarni of Minneapolis felt this hot , she was n't even on the same continent . "  I was in India , to be honest , " Kulkarni said Thursday . "  I just have never really experienced this intense humidity . ... You go outside and it 's just oppressive . Breathing in  takes  energy . " Kulkarni started a new job selling natural ice cream for Pick-a-Pelata , a street-vending ice cream company , around Lake Calhoun in Minneapolis . She rides a bike , with the ice cream in a cooler , around one of the biggest and busiest lakes inside the city . One of Kulkarni 's first days at work it was nearly 95 degrees . "  I just went nice and slow , " she said . What a heatstroke feels like In Chicago , the excessive heat has left about 7,000 people without power , CNN affiliate WGN-TV reported . ComEd crews worked through the night , but some residents were resorting to extreme measures to find relief . In one neighborhood , residents Thursday ran wires from one home to another . In Newark , New Jersey , Mayor Cory Booker announced that facilities were available in every ward to help keep citizens cool . "  It is imperative that our residents drink plenty of fluids , stay indoors in a cool climate , and avoid strenuous activity , " Booker said in a statement . "  I urge our senior citizens and Newark residents who lack air conditioning to come to one of our cooling centers . " Why you ca n't sleep when it 's hot In New York , Con Edison called on customers to stay cool and not waste energy . "  Store owners who leave doors open with the A/C running could be subject to fines from the city , " ConEd said . Air conditioner repair experts with Logan AC & Heating in Cincinnati , Ohio , have been working around the clock . "  This is our time of year . The heat wave has been very good for business , " said Amanda Kinsella , director the company 's sales and marketing division . "  Our lines have been flooded with calls for service . " The heat index in the Cincinnati area was expected to reach as high as 115 Thursday . The first confirmed heat-related death in Kansas City was declared Thursday , but it stemmed from a death last month . A 57-year-old man was found dead in his home on June 5 , according to Dan Ferguson , who works for Jackson County . In addition to the man 's death , there are 13 other possible heat-related deaths in Missouri -- the youngest was a woman in her mid-30s , and the oldest were two women in their mid-70s , said Jeff Hershberger , spokesman for the Kansas City Health Department . Heat hurts your insides too It may take six weeks to several months for officials to process toxicology tests to determine whether all 13 died of heat-related causes , Hershberger said . In Wisconsin , a 65-year-old man from Fountain Prairie was confirmed by health officials to have died from heat-related causes Thursday , according to CNN affiliate WKOW . Columbia County Medical Examiner Angela Hinze said the man had underlying medical conditions that were made worse when he was helping a family member outside with housework . In Oklahoma , four heat-related deaths have been confirmed since May , said Cherokee Ballard , a spokeswoman for the state medical examiner . Three of those occurred in the past 30 days , including a 3-year-old boy in a car in Norman and a 69-year-old man from Blackwell , she said . Beat-the-heat advice from a pro An additional eight Oklahoma deaths may potentially be related to the heat , she said , with most occurring in July . CNN affiliate WPXI reported Thursday that a child accidentally locked in a hot car was rescued in Spring Hill , Pennsylvania . The girl 's mother locked her keys in the car and immediately called for help , the report said . The girl was not hurt . The high heat continues to take a toll on animals . Dozens of cattle died south of Harmony , Minnesota , CNN affiliate KTTC reported . And on a cattle farm just across the border in northern Iowa , an estimated 100 cattle died , the report said . At the Brookfield Zoo just outside Chicago , staff kept water misters in exhibits and gave some animals huge blocks of ice filled with meat and fruit . CNN 's Chris Welch , Sean Morris , Jacqui Jeras , Dave Alsup , Phil Gast and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	"  We have AC . Who cares what 's playing , " says a Minneapolis theater marquee In New York , possible fines for stores that leave doors open Air conditioner repair experts ' business booms Brookfield Zoo in Illinois gives some animals big blocks of ice filled with food
CNN  -- During the Olympic Games in London , which will end with Sunday 's closing ceremony , there have been many memorable moments : The triumph of Michael Phelps . The dazzling talent of Gabby Douglas . The countless displays of lustrous skills honed by the world 's finest young athletes over years of arduous practice . But one of the most lasting memories may be the one provided by an 86-year-old woman who was not exactly an obscure footnote to history when the Games began . Queen Elizabeth II , in her now-famous James Bond scene , was a highlight , if not the highlight , of the opening ceremony . Her deadpan grace was something that many an accomplished actor would envy . With four words , delivered to an enormous global audience , she , with an implied smiling wink , humanized herself and embodied winning warmth . The filmed scene will always be a hallmark of the 2012 Olympics  the stunt double jumping out of the helicopter -- who would have imagined that she would have approved it ?  . These vastly entertaining television Olympics really began with those four words from her : "  Good evening , Mr. Bond . " As the queen turned from her writing desk to greet James Bond , played by the current Bond actor Daniel Craig , her calm tone of voice reminded me of the lovely scene in the movie "  The Queen , " in which Helen Mirren , playing Queen Elizabeth , says to Michael Sheen , the actor playing Tony Blair : "  Yes , well , you are my 10th prime minister , Mr. Blair . My first , of course , was Winston Churchill . " London 2012 legacy : Trust the British to get it right In greeting Daniel Craig in the Olympics scene , the real queen , in that utterly polite but manifestly unimpressed voice , could just as well have been saying : "  Yes , well , you are my seventh James Bond , Mr. Craig . My first , of course , was Sean Connery . " For those of you who are already thinking that there have been only six feature-film Bonds -- Connery , George Lazenby , Roger Moore , Timothy Dalton , Pierce Brosnan and Craig -- you are leaving out David Niven , who played Bond in a less-than-officially-authorized "  Casino Royale " in 1967 . And there have been other Bonds in various radio and television productions . Queen Elizabeth has been around for them all . In fact , she was already wearing the crown when , in 1953 , Ian Fleming published his first Bond novel , "  Casino Royale . " The films that were inspired by Fleming 's books have been a strong , hugely popular and endlessly lucrative franchise , but there is a case to be made that the novels are even better . Just reading the opening words of "  Casino Royale " is a lesson in beautiful scene-setting , the flawless introduction of a brand-new character : "  The scent and smoke and sweat of a casino are nauseating at three in the morning . Then the soul-erosion produced by high gambling -- a compost of greed and fear and nervous tension -- becomes unbearable and the senses awake and revolt from it . "  James Bond suddenly knew that he was tired . He always knew when his body or his mind had had enough and he always acted on that knowledge . This helped him to avoid staleness and the sensual bluntness that breeds mistakes . ... " Opinion : London Olympics have redefined how Britain sees itself The novels still read thrillingly today  here 's a tip : the best of them is "  On Her Majesty 's Secret Service "  , but there is no question that when the movies came along , they overshadowed Fleming 's ink-on-paper volumes . This Diamond Jubilee year commemorating Queen Elizabeth 's 60-year reign is also the 50th anniversary of the Bond films , starting with "  Dr. No , " and the series is receiving renewed attention . In the 1980s I spent a day with Connery -- he was filming "  The Untouchables " with Robert De Niro and Kevin Costner -- as he left the set to go to several appointments with doctors . It turned out that for all his daring exploits in the Bond movies , he was deathly afraid of needles  as a child he had seen from eye-level and inches away a girl from his class in Scotland getting inoculated during a diphtheria outbreak , and "  the fear of needles has been with me ever since . " Of Fleming 's Bond novels , Connery said : "  To tell you the truth , I never read them all . " Of the ones he did read , he said , "  I was never all that crazy about the books . " But the author himself ? "  I liked Fleming , " Connery said . "  He was erudite -- and a real snob . Being a genuine snob can be quite healthy . At least you know who you 're dealing with . "  We got along rather well , surprisingly . We had both been in the Royal Navy -- although he was a commander and I was an able-bodied seaman . " By the time Daniel Craig was born in 1968 , Connery had already starred in five Bond films . Connery told me that he approved of the idea of new generations of actors playing Bond as the years went by -- "  The guy should be young . Or at least under 50 " -- and so it was Craig , as the contemporary Bond , who co-starred with the queen in the Olympics film . To look at Craig 's face after the queen turns and sees him -- "  Good evening , Mr. Bond " -- is to see Craig the man , not just Craig the actor . He knows just how indelible a moment this is in his own life . He 's doing a scene with Queen Elizabeth -- and she is the reveal , not him . In the Bond movies , it 's the Bond character who , sometimes literally , always symbolically , makes the turn , and reveals to the audience who he is : "  Bond . James Bond . " But in the Olympics film , the queen , as Craig clearly and delightedly understands , is the actor the audience 's eyes are fastened upon . Not bad , at 86 . And , as enduring Olympic moments go , gold . Pure gold . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : One of the most memorable Olympic moments was n't in a sporting event He says the video of Queen Elizabeth and James Bond actor Daniel Craig was striking This year celebrates the queen 's 60th anniversary on the throne and Bond 's 50 years in films
CNN  In Abidjan , hair can be a contentious topic . Many Ivorians are persuaded to eschew their natural hair in favor of chemical straighteners , wigs and extensions . Afros and dreadlocks are rarely depicted on local television , and those that wear their hair naturally can be shunned from their offices . "  I have one friend who has natural hair , and she has to wear a wig to work . They will not even let her inside the building with natural hair , " says Azi Oyourou , founder of Re-Zen Up , one of the few salons in the capital that specializes in natural hair styles . The tide is slowly starting to turn , however , thanks in part to the efforts of a community movement , Nappys de Babi . The group currently hosts bi-monthly meet-ups where participants exchange stories and tips on how best to care for natural hair . "  My hair was breaking and one day I just decided to clip it . It was something I just did for myself with no motivation to start a movement , " says Mariam Diaby , the group 's founder . "  When I started the group , I just started with three or five friends who were wearing their hair natural . We added another friend , and another , and in three months we were about 200 . Today we are a group of 8,500 . " Since then , the movement has become mainly one of encouragement  Daiby has reappropriated the word "  nappy " to be a mash-up of "  natural " and "  happy " , while Babi is shorthand for Abidjan  . Earlier this year , members around the world sent in clips of themselves dancing to Pharrell Williams ' "  Happy . " Still , those embracing their natural locks continue to face resistance from the community at large . Bibi Gnagno writes a blog on the subject and has launched a natural hair consultancy and product line in Abidjan . American-born , the Ivory Coast transplant was fascinated with local perceptions of natural hair so much that she 's in the process of filming a documentary , titled "  Is that  all  your hair ? " Gnagno has interviewed dozens of women about their attitudes regarding their hair . "  I ask women , ` Now that you 've gone natural , what comments do you get ? ' For some of them , it 's : ` What 's wrong with you ? Do you not have enough money to go to a salon ? Did your husband leave you ? Go get a perm , ' " she says . "  It 's starting to change slowly but surely , but it 's not as rampant as it is in the States . But it 's on its way , " she adds . There is also still a lot of misinformation about what 's involved in caring for natural hair . Many locals concede that the knowledge has been lost , no longer passed down from mother-to-daughter . "  It 's strange , because in Africa , people are supposed to know their own hair , but we do n't most of the time , " notes Oyourou , who says that girls start using relaxer as early as three-years old . Gnagno says reasons for this could be myriad . The media could play a role , as could the colonial legacy  the Ivory Coast was a French colony from 1843 to 1960  . "  Under colonization a lot of things happen . You want to get closer to the colonizer because that 's the person that holds the power , so you let go of a lot of things that resemble your culture , " she surmises . As to why the time is suddenly ripe for a natural hair movement , Oyourou ties it to a larger trend of national pride . "  In the past few years , more people want to know about their traditions and what they have , " she says . "  You see this with people who have been studying in France or the UK . When they come back , some people ask them , ` Why did you come back ? You should have stayed there . ' But the people that came back love their country . They want to develop their own country and learn more about it , and this is the same mind set that 's made it possible for people to change their hair . " Mainly , though , the movement is about empowerment , says Gnagno , and about making women  and some men  feel better about themselves . "  I think hair and self esteem are linked . I know my own self-worth as a black woman has been linked to my hair and I developed more self-confidence when I started wearing it natural , " she says .	Natural hair movement Nappys de Babi is growing in Ivory Coast Though trendy on the street , offices still discourage natural hair Some start relaxing their hair as young as 3
Nintendo on Friday apologized to gamers for leaving same-sex couples out of an upcoming "  life simulation " game that lets players , flirt , date , marry and have children . The statement came as an online movement asking them to change "  Tomodachi Life " was picking up steam . "  We apologize for disappointing many people by failing to include same-sex relationships in Tomodachi Life ... , " the Japanese company said in a news release . "  At Nintendo , dedication has always meant going beyond the games to promote a sense of community , and to share a spirit of fun and joy . We are committed to advancing our longtime company values of fun and entertainment for everyone . " Tye Marini , 23 , is a self-described Nintendo fanatic . The Mesa , Arizona , man was excited to learn that "  Tomodachi Life , " a version of a "  life simulation " game previously only available in Japan , would be released in North America for the Nintendo 3DS next month . He was less excited , however , when he learned that his in-game avatar -- or "  Mii , " in Nintendo-speak -- could only be romantically involved with a female character , as opposed to one representing his real-life fianc . And , thus , was #Miiquality born . Launched last month , Marini 's social-media campaign has begun picking up steam on Facebook and Twitter , where like-minded gamers are asking Nintendo to reconsider . "  By excluding same-sex relationships in a game that 's focused around relationships like this one , they 're really excluding a lot of people , " Marini told CNN affiliate KTVK . In the game , players create or import their Mii  pronounced "  me "  , which then can interact with characters that represent other real-world friends in their network . "  The situation would n't be as big of a deal if it were n't for the fact that relationships and marriage are a huge part of the game , " Marini said in the video he created to announce his campaign . "  The relationships and interactions between the Mii characters in the game , coupled with their relationships to you in real life , are what makes this game so appealing . ... Not being able to date and marry the gender that I 'm attracted to in real life really takes all of the immersion and fun out of it for me . " Nintendo said it 's too late to change the game , and that allowing same-sex couples would be too big and complicated of an update to release for it . But the company promised to do things differently next time . "  We pledge that if we create a next installment in the Tomodachi series , we will strive to design a game-play experience from the ground up that is more inclusive , and better represents all players , " the statement read . At a time when barriers to same-sex marriage are falling across the United States , Nintendo 's stance could have been a public relations problem for a company already facing slumping revenue amid weak sales for its Wii U console . Marini acknowledged to KTVK that "  there are far greater concerns out there " than relationship options in a video game . But he noted that popular games like "  The Sims , " a life-simulation franchise launched by Electronic Arts in 2000 , have allowed same-sex relationships for years . Marini has specifically said he 's not calling for a boycott of the game , saying it would do more harm than good .	Online protests grows over lack of same-sex relationships in Nintendo game "  Tamodachi Life " lets players date , marry and have children Nintendo apologized Friday for the perceived slight Player behind protest hopes game can be updated
CNN  A photo of what appeared to be a homeless person reading a copy of Vogue has been deleted from the Instagram account of the style editor who posted it amid criticism that it showed how "  out of touch " she is . Vogue style editor-at-large Elisabeth von Thurn und Taxis , a member of German royalty who has been with the magazine since 2012 , posted the photo Saturday from Paris , where she is covering fashion week . "  Paris is full of surprises ... and @voguemagazine readers even in unexpected corners ! " the caption read . Style news website Fashionista , which first reported on the picture , called it the latest example showing how "  disturbingly out of touch " she is . " ... The things she writes , both in Vogue and on social media , often straddle the line between entertaining/aspirational and disturbingly out of touch . On Saturday she crossed that line , " the article said . Some commenters on the photo appeared to agree , calling the photo "  shameful , " "  cruel " and "  in poor taste . " In response , von Thurn und Taxis , who often goes by "  TNT , " posted the comment : "  Why cruel ? The person to me is as dignified as anyone else ! " Others started coming to her defense , saying there was nothing wrong with the photo , before it disappeared from her feed about five hours after it was posted . Vogue and TNT did not immediately respond to CNN 's requests for comment . Do you think the photo crossed the line ? Let us know on this Facebook post .	Photo appears to show homeless person reading Vogue "  Paris is full of surprises ... and @voguemagazine readers even in unexpected corners ! " the caption read Photo has since been deleted
Beijing  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton held talks with a string of Chinese officials in Beijing on Wednesday but appeared to gain little traction on the sensitive issue of the competing maritime claims of China and its neighbors in the region . After receiving a hostile welcome in editorials and articles in the Chinese news media when she arrived Tuesday , Clinton also had to contend with the abrupt cancellation of her planned meeting with Vice President Xi Jinping , who is expected to become the next Chinese president . Beijing attributed the decision to unspecified scheduling reasons . China talks tough in Japan island dispute After meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi on Wednesday , Clinton repeated the U.S. position on the territorial disputes between China and other countries in the South China Sea , urging those involved to "  begin to engage in a diplomatic process toward the shared goal of a code of conduct . " Tensions over territorial disputes have spiked this year between China and a string of countries around its coastline -- from Vietnam in the south to Japan in the northeast -- and the United States has been drawn into the fray . But Beijing , which prefers to tackle the disputes bilaterally , has reacted angrily to Washington 's involvement in the matter , accusing the U.S. State Department of "  unfounded accusations " and showing a "  total disregard of facts . " At the joint news conference with Clinton on Wednesday , Yang took a more diplomatic tack , saying that "  freedom of navigation and safety in the South China Sea is assured . " But even while Clinton was in Beijing , the Chinese government was maintaining a heated diplomatic back-and-forth on another territorial controversy , this one concerning a set of small islands in the East China Sea also claimed by Japan and Taiwan . The uninhabited islands are known in Japan as Senkaku and in China as Diaoyu , and are privately owned by a Japanese family . Interactive : Asia 's disputed islands - who claims what ? Some Japanese media outlets reported Wednesday that the Japanese government had agreed to buy the islands from the family , a claim the government 's chief Cabinet secretary , Osamu Fujimura , declined to confirm , saying talks on the matter were continuing . But that was enough to prompt a stern response from Hong Lei , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman . "  I want to emphasize again that any unilateral actions taken by the Japanese regarding the Diaoyu Islands are illegal and invalid , " he said . "  We are closely monitoring the developments and will take necessary measures to defend our territorial sovereignty , " Hong added . Furious anti-Japan protests erupted across China last month when a Japanese group sailed to one of the disputed islets and symbolically waved Japanese flags . And China does n't seem eager for the United States to get involved in the quarrel . The Global Times , a Chinese newspaper affiliated with the ruling Communist Party , said in an editorial published Tuesday that Clinton 's diplomacy in the region "  has fomented frictions between China and some surrounding countries . " It called on her to "  reflect upon the deep harm she is bringing to the Sino-US relationship . " More : Islands dispute reopens old wounds In reality , Clinton is pressing China on hot-button issues like the territorial disputes , human rights and trade . But at the same time , she is seeking China 's cooperation on such diplomatic headaches as Syria , Iran and North Korea . Both the Chinese and the U.S. camps sought to play down the cancellation of Clinton 's meeting with Vice President Xi on Wednesday , saying he had also called off meetings with other foreign officials . Chinese officials said Xi would send a letter to Clinton . Instead of Xi , Clinton met Vice Premier Li Keqiang , who is widely expected to take over from Wen Jiabao as premier at the end of the leadership transition early next year . A meeting with Xi or Li is significant -- at least symbolically -- because they are widely expected to succeed the current leaders at a once-a-decade leadership change later this year . In the coming years , U.S.-China relations are expected to remain contentious . As the United States shifts more of its focus back to the Asia-Pacific region , Beijing suspects that the Washington is trying to contain China 's rise as a global power . Clinton has tried to reassure China about the matter . "  Both President Obama and I have said frequently that the United States welcomes the rise of a strong , prosperous and peaceful China , " she said Wednesday . "  We want China to succeed in delivering economic opportunity to its people , which will have a positive impact on the global economy . We want China to play a greater role in world affairs that strengthens global stability and helps solve urgent challenges . " The territorial disputes over islands in the South China Sea complicate that role . Countries like Vietnam and the Philippines lay claim to some areas of the sea , a 1.3 million-square-mile patch of the Pacific Ocean dotted with hundreds of largely uninhabited islands and coral atolls . But China has declared "  indisputable sovereignty " over large swaths of the area , which is rich in marine life . The stakes are raised further by estimates that potentially huge reserves of natural gas and oil lie underneath the seabed . The potential for conflict was demonstrated in April when a Philippine Navy vessel confronted Chinese fishing boats in a remote rocky outcrop claimed by both countries . Opinion : Why Asia is arguing over its islands The resulting naval standoff between the two countries lasted for more than three months and aroused fears of an open conflict before the Philippines withdrew its ships in June , citing stormy weather . The issue of who the lagoon belongs to remains unresolved . Analysts have expressed pessimism that the disputes in the South China Sea will be defused soon . "  While the likelihood of major conflict remains low , all of the trends are in the wrong direction , and prospects of resolution are diminishing , " the International Crisis Group said in a July report . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz and Chi-Chi Zhang in Beijing , and Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton received a hostile welcome from the Chinese media She urges China to agree to a code of conduct for territorial disputes Beijing continues to exchange barbs with Tokyo in an island quarrel Clinton 's meeting with the presumptive Chinese president is canceled
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Consumers in Beijing 's malls and shops are shunning the milk and poultry sections -- for good reasons . Poultry products , including eggs , may be contaminated with melamine through animal food . They are shocked and scared by the news headlines : some food produced in China is tainted with melamine . "  Of course I 'm worried , " says a woman shopping in Nanxiaojie Market . Stop eating eggs ? "  That 's not possible , " she tells CNN . "  If there 's a problem with eggs , it should be solved fundamentally . " Chinese premier Wen Jiabao says China will take steps to win back consumers . "  We will use our actions and high quality of our food products to win the trust and confidence of Chinese people and people around the world , " he told reporters at the end of a two-day summit of Asian and European leaders in Beijing last weekend . Watch more about the tainted food scandal " "  Three minister-level officials have resigned and a government investigation is going on . Whoever is responsible must be brought to justice . We need to protect the Made in China brand , " said Chinese analyst Victor Gao . But the problem could be more pervasive . The state-run Nanfang Daily published an investigative story saying that adding melamine into animal feed has become an "  open secret . " The report said adding melamine into feed started in the aquatic farming industry five years ago , as a way of faking higher protein levels . Learn more about chemical melamine " It then spread into other agro-industries such as poultry . Even more shocking is the allegation that the melamine added is from industrial waste material . CNN contacted the Ministry of Agriculture about the story , but got no immediate response . Two years ago , reports revealed pet food exported from China to the United States was spiked with melamine and had sickened and killed dogs . Several weeks ago , the food scandal spread to milk , biscuits and candies . Now , it is tainted eggs . So far , no illnesses or deaths have been linked to eggs . Tests in Hong Kong last week showed eggs exported by a Chinese company are contaminated with excessive levels of melamine . In recent days three other brands of eggs have also been found to contain the chemical . Small wonder egg sales at the Xinfadi , a wholesale market in Beijing , dropped by 10 percent this week , according to the state-run China Daily . Chinese officials say the source of the problem is melamine , an industrial chemical used to produce plastics and fertilizer . Melamine is high in nitrogen . Unscrupulous milk suppliers would water down milk and spike it with melamine -- but in amounts that allowed it to still pass quality tests . Agriculture experts speculate that eggs tainted with melamine may be the result of tainted feed given to hens . That begs the question : if melamine was in the animal feed , will it make into the meat , and into consumers ' bodies ? Ingesting melamine in large doses over an extended period of time could cause kidney stones and other illnesses , agriculture and health experts say . But taking in a small amount of melamine poses no such danger . "  If it 's taken over a long period of time , maybe , but if it 's ingested only for short period of time it does not pose harm on animals , " says He Jiguo , a professor of food science and nutrition at the China Agriculture University . He says the animals that end up being slaughtered do not live that long and do not actually ingest enough melamine for it to build up in their systems . The dogs and cats that were sickened in the United States were probably eating treats and meals tainted with melamine over a long period of time , he explains . Until the situation is resolved , worried grocery shoppers in Beijing say they 'll just have to eat fewer eggs and more bean-products , like soybeans .	Chinese premier Wen Jiabao says China will try to win back consumers Melamine is said to have been added to animal food products Report : Adding melamine to feed started in aquatic farming 5 years ago Some grocery shoppers say to eat fewer eggs and more bean-products
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Maybe you 've decided to show your partner love with a new iPhone . But how about 99 of them ? In Chinese , the number 9 sounds like "  forever , " so on Sunday a man proposed marriage to his partner in Guangzhou , China by lining up 99 brand new iPhone 6s into the shape of a heart . The phones cost him around two years worth of savings to buy , but it 's unclear whether she said yes . November 11 is China 's Singles ' Day  it 's the date with the most 1s  . As a bit of inspiration to those who have yet to leap into happily ever after , here 's a quick list of some of China 's most creative and entertaining marriage proposals in recent years . The hot and spicy Dou Ziwang 's romance must be sizzling hot , because on August 29 , he proposed to his girlfriend using two massive hearts made of 99,999 red chili peppers . Now there 's one guy who knows how to spice up a relationship . See the photos .  People 's Daily A frank proposal Here 's one that 'll make you hungry for love -- or maybe just hungry . 28-year-old Wang Han met his girlfriend in a hot dog store while both were vacationing in Thailand and soon fell in love . On August 20 , 1,001 days after their sausage link-up , he asked her to be his wife by presenting her with 1,001 hot dogs spelling out the words "  I love you . " She said yes -- with relish . See the photos .  China News More than meets the eye You have to see this one to believe it . In December 2013 , a young man proposed marriage by building an 8-meter tall replica of Optimus Prime from the movie Transformers , weighing a solid ton . No word on how his girlfriend responded , but we can only imagine she transformed into his wife . See the photos .  iFeng A heroic gesture Two years ago , in Jiangsu province , a young man made a superhuman effort to win his partner 's hand in marriage -- by dressing up as Superman , then using a crane to hoist himself 19 stories into the air while holding 9,999 balloons . As his girlfriend walked by , people shouted for her to look up at the sky . He then gracefully descended from the sky , ring in hand .  She said yes . See the photos .  19lou Coming up roses On Valentines Day 2012 , Xiao Fan wanted to impress his girlfriend -- a lover of clothing -- with more than just a bouquet of two dozen roses . See where this is going ? Yes ; this smooth operator created a beautiful dress for his beautiful girlfriend using exactly 9,999 roses , which she proudly donned while he asked for her hand in marriage . She accepted . See the photos .  CCTV A romance worthy of the big screen One of Beijing 's shopping centers , named The Place , features a jaw-droppingly massive LED-screen "  sky . " It 's one of the largest in the world . In 2007 , one Chinese man surprised his girlfriend by taking her on an innocent trip to the mall , then suddenly dropping to one knee , as photos of the happy couple flashed across the 250-meter long display . See the video .  Youku Proposal goes swimmingly This man won major style points in 2011 . After secretly practicing for months , he rode a dolphin across a pool to his girlfriend as she stood unsuspecting on the other side , before proposing in front of a cheering crowd . The woman was shocked -- but remember , he did it on porpoise . See the video .  AP An address in a dress Finally , one to reverse the gender norms . Last month , a college-aged woman named Lu Huan from Wuhan surprised her boyfriend by delivering a tearjerking speech while wearing a white wedding dress . "  Others all think I am a little too impatient , whether it is too early for us , " she cried to her partner . "  I want to say , when we meet the right person , no matter how early it is , it is still too late . Do you want to marry me ? " He said yes . See the video .  CCTV	Marriage proposals often feature the number 9 , which sounds like "  forever " in Chinese One man proposed using 99,999 red chili peppers Another man rode a dolphin across a pool
CNN Student News -- Welcome to CNN Student News , a daily commercial-free , ten-minute broadcast of the day 's news geared for middle - and high-school students . CNN Student News can be found on air and online , and whether you 're brand new to the program or a longtime viewer , we 've got new things in store for you . CNN Student News anchor Carl Azuz . You 've already found our new homepage , CNNStudentNews.com , where you can access the show and free related curriculum materials , including Learning Activities , Discussion Questions , Newsquizzes and One-Sheets . CNN Student News airs on CNN Headline News at 4 a.m. . You can record the show from 4:00 -4:10 a.m. Eastern time on Headline News .  Check your local listings for channel number  . If you 'd prefer , you can download CNN Student News to your desktop or iPod . Go to the CNN.com Podcast page and look for the Student News podcast . Once you 've signed up for the free subscription , every episode will automatically be downloaded to iTunes . In addition to CNN Student News , each week , CNN offers educators a commercial-free edition of "  CNN : Special Investigations Unit , " "  CNN Specials " or its award-winning documentary program "  CNN Presents , " along with a corresponding free curriculum guide on CNNStudentNews.com . You can record these CNN Classroom Edition programs from 4:00 -5:00 a.m. Eastern time on Mondays on CNN .  A short feature begins at 4:00 a.m. and precedes the program . And if you want to be the first to know what 's coming up on CNN Student News and CNN Classroom Edition programs , you 'll want to sign up for our CNN Student News Daily Education Alert . Registration is quick and simple . Just click here to subscribe .	CNN Student News is the day 's news for middle - and high-school students CNN Student News airs daily on CNN Headline News from 4:00 -4:10 a.m. EST
A high profile member of FIFA 's executive committee , has been provisionally banned from "  football related activity " for 90 days , the world governing body said Monday . Sri Lankan Vernon Fernando Manilal has been suspended at the request of the Michael Garcia and Hans-Joachim Eckert , who chair the investigatory and adjudicatory bodies of FIFA 's Ethics Committee . No details of his alleged trangression were released , but FIFA said the decision was based on an article in its Code of Ethics , "  in order to prevent the interference with the establishment of the truth with respect to proceedings now in the adjudicatory chamber . " The 63-year-old Manilal , who is a lawyer and businessman by profession , has represented the Asian Football Confederation  AFC  on the influential executive committee since 2011 . Manilal 's eventual fate now rests with the Eckert 's adjudicatory body , but he will be barred from attending the next executive meeting in Zurich later this month when further anti-corruption measures are expected to be announced . FIFA strengthened its ethics code after the suspension of former AFC chief Mohamed Bin Hammam , who challenged Sepp Blatter for the FIFA presidency and was also a member of the executive commitee . Manilal accompanied Qatari Bin Hammam on a trip to the Caribbean ahead of that election in June 2011 . It was alleged bin Hamman offered officials , including former North American football chief Jack Warner , cash for votes , at a meeting in Trinidad . There is no suggestion Manilal was involved , but Bin Hammam withdrew 24 hours before the presidential election ballot after being provisionally suspended by FIFA . Manilal 's ban means he can not take play any part in the behind the scenes activity ahead of the AFC presidential elections in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia on May 2 . The AFC will be appointing a permanent successor to Bin Hammam and hoping to put a difficult period of governance behind them . Manilal , who is chairman of FIFA 's Futsal Committee , launched the 2012 World Cup in that mini version of football in Thailand last December . He lists meeting Brazilian legend Pele and being elected to FIFA as his "  fondest football memory " and is also a supporter of English Premier League giants Liverpool .	FIFA executive committee member banned for alleged breach of its ethics code Sri Lanka 's Vernon Manilal Fernando handed initial 90-day suspension His fate will be decided by FIFA 's ethics committee later this year FIFA has vowed to step up the fight against corruption after several high profile cases
CNN  -- A Supreme Court justice Thursday night suggested the legality of National Security Agency activities could be decided by the court . Three days after Pulitzers were awarded to newspapers that revealed the NSA 's surveillance activities , Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg deflected a question about Edward Snowden , who leaked NSA data . When asked , "  Do you believe that Snowden is a whistleblower or a traitor ? " Ginsburg , who was joined by Justice Antonin Scalia , told an audience at the National Press Club in Washington that she could not say . "  It 's also possible , is it not , " she said , "  that the question you raise could come before the court . And we are not at liberty to preview . " If Snowden is extradited to the United States and charged with federal crimes for his leaks , his case could come before the court . In June of 2013 , The Guardian and The Washington Post published reports that revealed the NSA 's bulk collection of U.S. citizens ' phone records and other clandestine surveillance activities . That sparked a firestorm concerning Fourth Amendment protections for U.S. citizens from "  unreasonable searches and seizures " and the issue of where that protection weighs in the balance between national security and personal privacy . On Thursday , the two justices were asked whether The Post deserved the highest accolade in journalism , a gold medal for public service administered by Columbia University in New York City for nearly 100 years . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Scalia said he had "  no idea " why The Post was awarded the Pulitzer Prize . In a Washingtonian 's slight at a newspaper that 's sometimes seen as liberal , Scalia said , "  I do n't read The Post . " "  So I have no idea what they got the prize for , " he said , prompting knowing laughter from the press club . Ginsburg said that it 's "  a question that the journalists in this audience are much better equipped to answer than I am . " Also on Thursday , Snowden , who is in Russia , asked Russian President Vladimir Putin about surveillance activities in his country . In an annual question-and-answer program broadcast on state television , Putin held court for nearly four hours . "  Does Russia intercept , store , analyze in any way the communications of individuals ? " Snowden asked him in a phone call . "  We do not allow ourselves to do this . And , we will never allow this . We do not have the money or the means to do that , " answered Putin . "  The most important thing is we have a special service that 's thankfully under strict state control . " In March of last year , U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , asked a similar question of the director of national intelligence . "  Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans ? " he asked James R. Clapper . Clapper responded , "  No , sir ... not wittingly . " He later clarified his remarks . On Russian TV , Snowden asks Putin about Moscow surveillance Stories about NSA surveillance , Snowden leaks win Pulitzers for two news groups Snowden speaks at SXSW , calls for public oversight of U.S. spy programs	Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Antonin Scalia speak before the National Press Club When asked about the Snowden case , Ginsburg says justices "  are not at liberty to preview " If NSA leaker Edward Snowden is charged with federal crimes , the court could hear his case
CNN  As CNN presents an encore of Roger Ebert 's dramatic story "  Life Itself , " on Friday at 9 p.m. ET , it may strike you how Oscar-nominated director Steve James sprinkles surprising details about the late movie reviewer 's life throughout the film . A lot of folks already know that Ebert wrote the screenplay for the 1970 cult classic "  Beyond the Valley of the Dolls . " They also may remember years ago when he outed himself as a recovering alcoholic . And when Ebert and Gene Siskel launched their TV review show in the 1970s , most people know they did n't get along at first . "  Life Itself , " includes a Siskel-Ebert squabble so snarky it 'll make you squirm with discomfort . The move reminds us that the fame of someone like Ebert , who lost his battle with cancer in 2013 , may fool us into thinking we knew him almost like a friend or a neighbor down the street . But of course fame has always been good at casting illusions . "  Life Itself " jabs viewers with the realization that there were aspects of Roger we knew nothing about . The private details about Ebert in the film paint a warts-and-all portrait of a man who clearly lived a pretty fulfilling and interesting life . With that in mind , here are five facts from the film that may take you by surprise : 1 . Ebert 's drinking years : The ` hired lady ' Ebert 's longtime friend , writer William Knack , shares this story in the film : "  I met Roger one time with a woman that looked like a young Linda Ronstadt ... I said , ` who is that ? ' And he said , ` she 's a hired lady . ' And I said , ' a hooker ? ' And he said , ` Now , you take care of her when I leave . ' And he left town . " 2 . He suspected his cancer was linked to radiation treatments . "  My disease may have been started by childhood radiation treatments for an ear infection , " said Ebert in the film . 3 . Siskel hung out with Playboy founder Hugh Hefner 's inner circle . "  Gene was more of a -- for lack of a better word -- an elegant character , " Siskel 's widow , Marlene Iglitzen said in the film . "  He caught the eye of Hugh Hefner and he was adopted by the clan at the -LSB- Playboy -RSB- Mansion . And he traveled with Hefner in the Bunny Jet . Even though Roger wrote ` Beyond the Valley of the Dolls , ' I think Gene lived the life for a while . " Take the quiz : How ` Ebert are you ? 4 . Siskel -- who died in 1999 -- hid his terminal brain cancer from Ebert until his final days . "  He did n't really want the -LSB- TV show producers -RSB- at Disney to know how sick he was . ... and Roger did n't know . And that really wounded Roger , " said Ebert 's ex-producer Thea Flaum in the film . "  I do n't think it 's that he did n't trust Roger personally . Nonetheless when something like that happens , you take it personally . How else is there to take it ? " Eventually Ebert learned Siskel was sick . But it was too late . Ebert 's widow Chaz Ebert said the timing was tragic . "  I was so sad for Roger for not being able to tell his ` brother ' goodbye . ... We were going to go and visit him that Monday , but he passed away that Saturday . " 5 . A chance meeting with Ebert helped inspire a girl to grow up to be a movie director . When she was 8 or 9 , Ava DuVernay 's aunt took her to see a rehearsal for the Oscars in Hollywood . When she spotted Ebert , she recognized him from TV . "  I remember saying , ` Thumbs up ! Thumbs up ! ' ... And he came over . The two posed for a quick snapshot . After DuVernay directed her first film years later , Ebert 's review "  really got to the heart of what I was trying to articulate , " she said in the documentary . "  The film was about my aunt who took me to the Oscars that day ... and about losing someone that you love . Ebert 's review touched me so much that I sent him the picture from the Oscars . " Later , Ebert honored DuVernay 's aunt in a heartfelt blog post . DuVernay went on to direct the 2014 hit film , "  Selma . " Related : ` Selma ' star 's incredible transformation Read Ebert 's review of DuVernay 's film , "  I Will Follow " Read Ebert 's blog post : Memories of two beloved aunts	CNN 's "  Life Itself " includes surprises about famed film critic Roger Ebert Friends recall Ebert 's early drinking days , including a "  hired lady " Ebert suspected radiation treatments were linked to his terminal cancer
London  CNN  -- Actor Hugh Grant tried to persuade photographers stalking the mother of his child to leave her alone , but they just said : "  Show us the baby , " he told British lawmakers Monday . "  Do you really think this is a way for grown men to be behaving ? " he said he had asked paparazzi staked out at the home of the woman , but they ignored him . Grant was part of a panel of celebrities testifying before lawmakers examining press ethics amid scandals about phone hacking and police bribery by journalists . Comic Steve Coogan and former motor racing boss Max Mosley were also on the panel , alongside member of Parliament Zac Goldsmith . The witnesses were asked how much it cost to fight newspapers "  You 've got to risk a million pounds to get justice , " said Mosley , who successfully sued the now-defunct News of the World tabloid for libel . Coogan said it had cost him 15,000 to 20,000 pounds  $ 23,500 to $ 31,400  to have lawyers get a court order to keep a newspaper from publishing a story about one of his relatives , and he said he had spent "  over 200,000 pounds " over the hacking of his phone by journalists . Mosley also talked about the difference between defamation and invasion of privacy . Mosley sued the News of the World after it ran a front-page article claiming he had organized a Nazi-themed orgy with multiple prostitutes . A court found in his favor , saying there was no Nazi element to the event . "  If the News of the World had been forced to run a front-page picture with the statement ` Actually , this was a private orgy , ' it would n't have done me much good , " he said to laughter . The hearing is separate from a government-backed inquiry into press ethics . The Leveson Inquiry was set up in response to outrage at revelations of the scale of illegal eavesdropping and police bribery on behalf of News of the World , which was shut down in July over the scandal . Police are separately investigating phone hacking , computer hacking and bribery . They say that about 5,800 people , including celebrities , crime victims , politicians and members of the royal family , were targets of the practice by journalists in search of stories . Phone hacking involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely .	The actor says he tried to shame press photographers but they ignored him Former motor racing boss Max Mosley says you have to risk a million pounds to get justice Lawmakers are looking into press ethics in the wake of the News of the World scandal Police and an independent inquiry are also looking into press activity
CNN  -- In April , CNN Business Traveller examines the impact of the global economic downturn on the travel industry 's efforts to go green . What is the airline industry doing to reduce its carbon emissions ? Are companies sacrificing their environmental initiatives in a bid to save money?What is the definition of ` being green ' in the travel industry , anyway ? How relevant are the 3 ` R 's ' of reduce , reuse and recycle in the context of that other ` R ' word -- recession ? AIRLINES The aviation industry has long been criticized for the volume of carbon emissions it pumps into the atmosphere . Airlines and airframe manufacturers are trying to make a difference though . Research and development is underway to find a viable alternative to jet fuel and with the Boeing Dreamliner and Airbus ' A530 aircraft are becoming more and more fuel-efficient . CNN 's Adrian Finighan visits the Aviation and Environment Summit in Geneva , Switzerland to see what airlines are doing to become more green . HOTELS The more visible sign of an environmentally responsible hotel might be a sign in the bathroom asking guests to reuse their towels . But behind the scenes , some hotel chains are more inventive . CNN 's Business Traveller reports from San Francisco , where the Marriott hotel recycles its waste as fertilizer in a vineyard . It then sells the wine produced there under the label "  Trash Wine " in its hotels . It also uses recycled cutlery out of potatoes , called "  Spud Cutlery . " E-WASTE Instead of throwing away your old mobile phones , blackberries and laptops , why not donate them ? CNN Business Traveller profiles Computer Aid , a company that sends refurbished computers to schools , health units and not-for-profit organizations in developing countries . CNN 's Christian Purefoy reports on the program from Nigeria , and highlights the problems of illegal dumping , broken goods being sold on the black market and the risks to locals ' health by handling toxic parts . UNCONVENTIONAL FURNITURE Finally , CNN Business Traveller visits artist Dave Hall of Moto Art in Los Angeles who turns old planes into art . In the Mojave Desert , Hall dismantles parts of a Boeing 737 and brings them back to life ; a wing section may become a desk while a landing gear is transformed into a lamp stand . CNN Business Traveller airs at the times below : Wednesday , April 8 : 0830 , 1730 Saturday , April 10 : 0730 , 1800 Sunday , April 11 : 0430 , 1730 Monday , April 12 : 0300  All times GMT	April 's CNN Business Traveller examines the three ` R 's : reduce , reuse , recycle Is the travel industry sacrificing green initiatives for profit in troubled times ? We see what airlines , hotels are doing to boost their green credentials
