Burmese pythons have been threatening Florida 's ecosystem for years , so the state is turning to the public for help in the form of a hunting contest to cull the population . The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission on Saturday launched the 2013 Python Challenge . "  We are hoping to gauge from the python challenge the effectiveness of using an incentive-based model as a tool to address this problem , " says Florida Wildlife Commission spokeswoman Carli Segelson . A grand prize of $ 1,500 will be awarded to the person who kills the most pythons , and $ 1,000 will go to the person who bags the longest one . According to the rules , road kill will not be eligible . Participants paid a $ 25 registration fee and completed an online training course . The training focuses on safety while hunting pythons . "  It 's very difficult to find these animals and we do n't really have a good strategy on how to contain this population , " said Linda Friar , spokeswoman for Everglades National Park . "  This is a pilot to see if it will gain public interest in areas that you can hunt so that they would be able to remove and capture these snakes . " The Burmese python is native to Southeast Asia and was first found in the Everglades in 1979 , according to researchers at the University of Florida . These snakes were determined to be an established species in 2000 . It is believed that the snakes were originally pets that found their way into Everglades National Park . The Everglades , known as the river of grass , is a vast area with a climate perfect for the pythons to hide and thrive . And thrive they do : The largest Burmese python ever found in Florida -- its 17 foot , 6-inch carcass weighed 164.5 pounds -- was harvested in the Everglades in August . Researchers at the University of Florida found 87 eggs inside the snake . Friar told CNN last year that it is believed "  tens of thousands " of Burmese pythons live in the Everglades . The snakes prey on native wildlife such as the endangered Key Largo wood rat and the endangered wood stork . The largest prey , Friar told CNN , was a 76-pound deer that was found in the stomach of a 16-foot python a few months ago . Earlier this year , researchers at Virginia Tech University , Davidson College and the U.S. Geological Survey reported that populations of rabbits and foxes have disappeared and numbers of raccoons , opossums and bobcats have dropped as much as 99 % . Last January , the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service instituted a ban on the importation of Burmese pythons -- along with three other species of exotic snake -- and their eggs . The Python Challenge has laid out four specific areas where the snakes can be harvested , and the park is off-limits to the general public . "  The park is very restricted on what it can do as far as animal captures and removal , " Friar said . The python problem has spread to other wildlife management areas in the state besides the Everglades . "  We 're supportive of the state exploring various measures in order to reduce the populations outside the park , " Friar said . In the end , she said , "  it will also reduce the population of the snakes that get into the park . " According to the rules of the contest , reducing the population means killing the snakes . "  We want to make sure this is done in a humane way , " Segelson said . The competition 's website lists several ways to kill a python "  in a humane manner that results in immediate loss of consciousness and destruction of the brain . " It suggests shooting the snake in the head with a firearm or decapitating it with a machete . Wildlife officials say the 2013 Python Challenge is not only about killing snakes . "  One of things that is very important to us is to educate the public about the Burmese python and how this species is impacting the state of Florida , " Segelson said . "  We 're hoping to inform people ... if they do have exotic pets that they understand the importance of not releasing them into the wild . " The contest ends at midnight on February 10 .	The state of Florida has launch the month-long 2013 Python Challenge The goal is to cull the exploding population of Burmese pythons , wildlife officials say Participants are given training for safety , instructed to kill the snakes humanely Researchers say pythons have devastated rabbit , fox , opossum and bobcat populations
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Officials monitoring the River Tiber in Rome fear it could break its banks as early as Friday evening after a spate of bad weather in Italy -- but do not expect major flooding . A rescue boat patrols the swollen River Tiber in central Rome early Friday . Guido Bertolaso , the head of the Italian Civil Protection Department said that there is a 20 to 30 percent chance the river could break its banks and cause disruption in some neighborhoods in northern Rome , but not in the historic city center . Two people have died in weather-related incidents elsewhere in Italy . "  We see that the flow is increasing , but it is not reaching a level that could be dangerous for the capital city of Italy , " said Bertolaso about the Tiber , deeming the situation "  crucial but not serious . " Bertolaso , calling the situation "  quite extraordinary , " labeled the flood threat and storms as the "  fifth most serious situation of the past 100 years . " "  But I think it is under control and the secret is to have the technology and the kind of organization to monitor the situation and to intervene if an emergency arises , " he said . Bertolaso noted that authorities have been keeping a minute-by-minute watch because of heavy storms over the past few days . He said the water level would probably increase for a few more hours and eventually peak between 8 p.m. and midnight local time Friday  between 1800 and 2200 GMT  . "  If there will be no more rain , the situation is expected to stabilize , " he said . Rome Mayor Gianni Alemanno said he did not expect a major flood and noted that only a few dwellings have been evacuated -- primarily those inhabited by immigrants and Roma , who have set up makeshift camps on the banks of the Tiber . "  I just recommend people to stay at home and not to rush to the river banks to watch the river swelling , " Alemanno said . Hundreds of volunteers and civil protection officials have been deployed around Rome to monitor the situation , the Civil Protection Department said . Sandbags have been lined up to contain any possible river overflow , and the fire brigade is ready with amphibious vehicles . Police have blocked access to some pedestrian bridges and river banks , while residents are being urged to use their vehicles only if necessary . Firefighters Thursday had to rescue dozens of motorists stranded in their cars . Because of the intense rain , the streets of some northern Rome neighborhoods were already flooded by water and covered in thick brown mud . One woman died near Rome early Thursday when her car was submerged by a wave of water and mud in an underpass . The body of a second victim was found in the southern region of Calabria after a bridge collapsed .	NEW : Official : 20 - 30 percent chance that the River Tiber could overflow its banks Italy has been hit by a wave of bad weather that has claimed two lives One woman died near Rome when her car was submerged by a wave of water Body of a second victim was found in Calabria region after a bridge collapsed
Real Simple  -- Learn how to be plugged in without being impolite .  This is one user manual worth reading . If you run into someone while you 're listening to your iPod , remove both earbuds to talk to her , experts say . 1 . You 're walking down the street and listening to your iPod when you run into someone you know . Do you need to remove both earbuds to talk to her ? Jodi R. R. Smith : If you 're having more than a two-minute conversation , then , yes , both buds need to come out -- whether you turn off the device or not . And that goes for your Bluetooth earpiece , too . Jodi R. R. Smith is the president of Manner-smith Consulting , in Boston , Massachusetts , and the author of "  From Clueless to Class Act : Manners for the Modern Woman . " Joni Blecher : Yes . People want to know that the person they 're talking to is really paying attention to them . Joni Blecher is editorial director of LetsTalk.com . Her blog , Somethin' to Talk About , covers the latest technology . Sue Fox : Remember -- etiquette is all about making the other person more comfortable . How comfortable could your friend be trying to talk to you when you 've got something in your ears ? Sue Fox is the founder and president of EtiquetteSurvival.com , an etiquette consulting firm . 2 . Is it rude to check your PDA at a friend 's house ? Blecher : A little bit . But if you arrive at a friend 's home and explain that you need to check a few e-mails before you visit so you can give her your full attention , she will probably understand . Smith : It depends on how you 're using it . If you 're checking on something relevant to your visit , then no . If you find yourself perusing other e-mails , you will send the message that you 're bored . Will Schwalbe : Think of your PDA as a crossword puzzle . Anywhere it 's acceptable to work on a crossword puzzle , it 's OK to check your PDA . Will Schwalbe is a coauthor of "  Send : Why People Email So Badly and How to Do It Better . " Real Simple : Tips for dealing with obnoxious co-workers 3 . How quickly must I respond to an e-mail ? Are the standards different for work e-mails versus personal e-mails ? Schwalbe : It 's all about consistency . If you 're going to deviate from what you usually do , use your out-of-office assistant or automatic-response setting to let people know why they might not be hearing from you as quickly as they 're used to . You do n't want them to think they 've insulted you somehow or that you are ignoring them . Judith Kallos : Not responding quickly -- within hours and certainly by the end of the day -- to any e-mail might make the other side feel as though she 's being overlooked . It 's particularly important to respond promptly to business e-mails because that is professional and courteous . Judith Kallos oversees NetManners.com , a Web site dedicated to the topics of e-mail and Internet etiquette . Anna Post : The sooner you can reply properly , the better . Never leave someone hanging . Anna Post is the resident technology-etiquette expert at the Emily Post Institute , in Burlington , Vermont . 4 . If someone calls you , can you e-mail the person back or send a text message if you 're not in the mood to talk ? What if you text or e-mail someone and the person calls you back ? Pier M. Forni : Unless the person has requested something specific or you sense a tinge of urgency , there 's nothing uncivil about replying with a "  Can we talk later ? " text message . Pier M. Forni is the author of "  The Civility Solution : What to Do When People Are Rude " and a professor of Italian literature at Johns Hopkins University , in Baltimore , Maryland . Schwalbe : Think about what is the best way to respond . If someone called you to get directions somewhere , for instance , reply via e-mail so you can send along a map . Blecher : If you text someone because you do n't want to talk and the person calls back , do n't answer . If you do answer , the other person will sense your foul mood immediately and might get offended . Just text back that you ca n't talk now but will call later . Your friend will thank you . Real Simple : 18 common phrases to avoid in conversation 5 . Is using BCC  blind carbon copy  on an e-mail considered sneaky ? Schwalbe : Yes , and it 's dangerous too , because your BCC can be exposed if the blind recipient hits Reply All or forwards the e-mail to someone else . To protect yourself from this , forward the message separately with an explanation . Kallos : Using it to make someone look bad or e-tattle on someone is not appropriate . BCC is best used to protect your contacts ' e-mail addresses from being exposed to strangers . Smith : BCC can be sneaky but also useful . If you feel that an e-mail discussion you had could turn into a larger issue , you could BCC your boss to make her aware of the situation . Just do n't inundate her with copies of every e-mail you send . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Remove iPod earbuds when you 're talking to someone , experts say Author : Anywhere it 's OK to work on a crossword puzzle , you can check your PDA The sooner you can reply to an e-mail properly , the better , an etiquette expert says
CNN  -- Deaf actress Marlee Matlin has captivated millions with her film roles over the years . And she 's now giving a new voice to an important issue . Actress Marlee Matlin appears on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Monday night to talk about her sexual abuse . Monday night on "  Larry King Live , " the Academy Award winner opened up to guest host Joy Behar about the sexual abuse she suffered as a child . She says the abuse led to drug use . She also opened up about her volatile relationship with actor William Hurt . This interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Guest host Joy Behar : -LSB- Your -RSB- book is called "  I 'll Scream Later . " Marlee , what does it mean , "  I 'll Scream Later ? " Marlee Matlin  through her interpreter , Jack  : It goes way back to when I was in rehab . ... I got nominated for the Academy Awards while I was in rehab . And Jack asked me over the phone : "  What do you want to say ? " The press wants an answer . ... The counselors were looking at me . I could n't say anything . So I said , "  I 'll scream later . " ... Watch Matalin talk about her new book with CNN.com " Behar : This book tells a lot . Matlin : It tells a lot more than I anticipated I would . ... After I did "  Dancing With the Stars , " so many e-mails came , so many fan letters came saying how inspiring I was . And they saw me on TV dancing and they thought : Well , a deaf person can dance . Good for you . Wow ! She ca n't hear the music . She can dance . Wow ! And that 's fine . But I wanted to pass along the message that there was much more to me than that . Behar : You were -LSB- molested -RSB- at age 11 by a 16-year-old female baby sitter ? Matlin : Unfortunately , yes . Behar : How did that impact your life ? Matlin : I masked it , and I covered it up . And I masked it with drugs . And I masked it at a very early age with drugs . ... I never told anyone . I never told my parents . And yet , I never forgot it . Behar : Who was the first person you did tell ? Matlin : That 's a good question . It was probably my husband . Behar : Your husband that you have now , your present husband ? Matlin : Yes .  Laughter  . I only have one husband . Behar : You 've only been married once . And you 're married a long time , too , right ? ... And he 's a policeman ? Matlin : He 's a policeman , and he 's hot . ... Behar : OK . Now the other thing is you were then molested again , in high school , when you were 14 , by a teacher . Matlin : It was a teacher who I looked up to and became friendly with . At the time ... I wanted good grades , you know , and I wanted his approval . Behar : He sort of lured you into his apartment ? Matlin : Yes . Behar : But then you continued to see him ? Matlin : I did continue . And when I found out 10 years later , after graduating from high school , that other women in school had the same experience . Behar : Did you think it was molestation or did you think you were having a relationship with a teacher ? Matlin : I knew it was wrong . The reason why -LSB- was -RSB- because he was married . ... And I did n't think it was illegal . I mean that did n't even pop in my mind . I was never told what was right and what was wrong about the situation . And at the time , I 'm thinking it 's wrong because he 's married . Behar : Because you were a deaf young girl , do you think that played into all of the molestations ? Matlin : It could be . It 's possible . Behar : Did they see you as easy prey ? Matlin : The baby sitter was n't deaf , so it was possible . ... But it 's all about taking advantage of a child , whether they 're deaf or hearing . Behar : I understand that . I 'm just wondering if it happens even more often to a handicapped child . Matlin : I do n't know . Behar : All right , let 's talk about William Hurt . What 's the deal between the two of you ? Was it love ? Was it lust ? Matlin : You know what , actually , we started our relationship during the end of the screen test process for "  Children of a Lesser God " before I even got the role . And it continued until I got the role . And it continued throughout the film . And it continued after . And I lived with him with for two years . Behar : And you said in the book that the sex with him was spectacular . Now you 've piqued my interest . Can we have a few details here ? Matlin : You know , actually , we were in love . We were truly in love in a relationship , but part of that was love-hate . I mean I was battling my drug addiction at the time . Behar : What kind of drugs were you using ? Matlin : Pot , cocaine , and -- Behar : Alcohol , too ? Matlin : No alcohol . Alcohol was never my thing . Behar : He was doing drugs , too ? Matlin : With me , yes . Behar : Tell me about the abusive part of the relationship with him . Was he physically abusive or verbally ? Matlin : It is not easy to talk about it . Behar : I know . Matlin : But it happened . ... I was 19 , and he was 35 . I did n't understand what this was about . ... There was so much going on with the film , with him being older , me being younger , not seeing eye to eye on a lot of things , and being drunk and being high ... Behar : Was there violence ? Matlin : There was violence . Behar : Sometimes ? Matlin : All the time . Behar : He 's a big fellow . He might have hurt you . You are a small girl . Matlin : But I kick butt . Behar : You kicked him back ? Matlin : Oh , yes . I had to . I had to . Behar : But you stayed . Why did you say ? Matlin : I did n't know how to leave . I did n't have friends in New York . I did n't know that you could ask for help . I did n't know that you could call 911 . I did n't know . Now I know . And for anyone who 's in this kind of relationship , look , it 's hard . It 's hard to get out when you do n't know . Behar : Has he ever apologized to you ? Matlin : No . Behar : You 're very nice to him in the book . You have an acknowledgment in the book for William Hurt . Matlin : Look , he is a very good actor . I have nothing but the utmost respect for the work we had together . I was a fan of his before I met him . Behar : But if he has n't apologized and you still feel that he was very wrong in the way he behaved , why do you acknowledge ... ? Matlin : If he apologized , I would forgive him , but I wo n't forget . Behar : You wo n't forget , no . But you 've forgiven him in this book . it seems to me . Matlin : How else am I going to live ? How else am I going to live ? You have to try to find the heart to forgive . Behar : You are a strong , very talented actress . You are a role model for a lot of young people . ... In this book , are you afraid this is going to change the way people see you ? Matlin : No . ... I hope I can inspire many more people than just being the deaf person dancing on "  Dancing With the Stars . " I 'm not worried about losing fans . Or I 'm not worried about all that kind of stuff . Behar : You were not born deaf . You lost your hearing . Matlin : I became deaf when I was 18 months old . And I learned to sign when I was 5 years old . I went to public mainstream schools -LSB- in Chicago -RSB- with a deaf program in it . And that 's what life was for me . It was a great childhood , actually . Despite what happened , I had a great childhood . Behar : You have a great life now . You 're married to a great guy . You have children . Matlin : I have four wonderful children , 13 , 8 , 6 and 5 . Behar : I want to thank Marlee and Jack . We have this note , "  Larry King Live " reached out to William Hurt seeking a response to Marlee 's memoir and the allegations she makes about him . His representatives declined to comment .	Marlee Matlin says she was 11 when a female baby sitter molested her Actress says she later was molested in high school by a teacher Matlin said she tried to cover up the abuse with drugs and did n't speak of it Matlin tells Joy Behar about her violent relationship with actor William Hurt
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A U.S. helicopter was shot down in Afghanistan on Monday , but none of the 10 soldiers on board were killed , according to a U.S. military spokesman . File image of U.S. UH-60 helicopter in action . The Taliban claimed that its fighters used a rocket-propelled grenade launcher to shoot down a U.S. UH-60 helicopter in the Wardak province , about 30 miles  50km  west of Kabul . Maj. John Redfield , a U.S. military spokesman , told CNN a coalition helicopter went down in the Wardak province after an exchange of fire with enemy on the ground . All 10 soldiers on board were picked up and taken to safety , he said . He could not say if any were injured . Meanwhile , a suicide bomber on Monday killed two soldiers and wounded three others in northern Afghanistan , a spokesman for the U.S. military in Afghanistan said . The spokesman provided no further details . An Afghan official said the incident took place as U.S. officials gathered to meet with the police chief in Pul-e-Khumri in Baghlan province . One American soldier and an Afghan child were killed in the attack , Afghan officials said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Provincial Governor Abdul Jabar Haqbeen said a man wearing a police uniform detonated his explosive-filled vest when Afghan and American soldiers stopped him from entering the police chief 's office . The chief and his American advisers were meeting inside at the time , Haqbeen said . The bomber also died in the attack , which wounded four police officers , said Abdul Rahman Sayed Khaili , the province 's police chief . Pul-e-Khumri is located about 130 miles  209 km  north of the capital , Kabul . Attacks in northern Afghanistan are rare where militants have , until now , been relatively inactive . But officials say they are beginning to see a rise in incidents in the region and believe insurgents are gaining the support of the Pashtun minority there . Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report .	A U.S. UH-60 helicopter has been shot down in Afghanistan None of the 10 soldiers on board were killed , U.S. official says A suicide bomber has killed a U.S. soldier and child in northern Afghanistan
CNN  -- If you placed bets on Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch joining the cast of "  True Detective , " it 's time to collect your winnings . After weeks of rumors , HBO has confirmed that McAdams , Kitsch and Kelly Reilly will also star in the second season of the network 's acclaimed drama . HBO , which shares a parent company with CNN , announced in September that Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn were going to be "  True Detective 's " season 2 leads . The series , created and written by Nic Pizzolatto , follows a new story each season . Its first season , which premiered earlier this year , focused on two detectives embroiled in a years-long hunt for a serial killer . It was an immediate hit , and at the 2014 Emmys "  True Detective " picked up 12 nominations . That included two best lead actor in a drama nods for stars Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson . The second season still involves detective work , but this time around the story is set in California . According to HBO , this season "  three police officers and a career criminal must navigate a web of conspiracy in the aftermath of a murder . " Colin Farrell plays a "  compromised detective " named Ray Velcoro , "  whose allegiances are torn between his masters in a corrupt police department and the mobster who owns him . " Vaughn stars as a criminal and entrepreneur named Frank Semyon , who 's "  in danger of losing his empire when his move into legitimate enterprise is upended by the murder of a business partner . " "  Sherlock Holmes " actress Kelly Reilly will play the wife of Vaughn 's character , and Rachel McAdams will play a county sheriff named Ani Bezzerides , whose "  uncompromising ethics put her at odds with others and the system she serves . " And lastly , "  Friday Night Lights " alum Taylor Kitsch will portray a "  war veteran and motorcycle officer for the California Highway Patrol , running from a difficult past and the sudden glare of a scandal that never happened . " Sounds juicy . Production on "  True Detective " season 2 is already under way in California .	Rachel McAdams , Taylor Kitsch and Kelly Reilly cast in "  True Detective " The trio join Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn for season 2 The new season is currently in production in California
Parenting.com  -- My 3-year-old twin boys and I are camped out on the terminal floor at the Denver airport , halfway through a five-hour flight delay and surrounded by plastic planes , action figures , and lollipop wrappers . Soon another set of young boys is lured to our sticky little campsite by the tinny , baritone catchphrases coming from a Buzz Lightyear toy . "  Twins ? " their mom asks , after the four boys negotiate the rules of engagement  the newbies could play with Buzz but not Spidey  . "  Mine , too , " she confirms . With common ground established , we begin sharing the complaints of our kind  "  I have to buy two of everything ! "  . Parenting.com : Answering kids ' toughest questions As our kids play superheroes , I 'm introduced to her husband , who shares the same strong Boston accent of his wife . We 're all chatting amiably when my wife , Emily , returns from checking on our flight status . "  You guys sisters ? " the mom asks . And here is the moment I hate : the Explaining of the Situation  EOTS  . Most of the time , the EOTS is not a big deal at all , but then again , we live in New York City . Not just New York City , but a liberal enclave in Brooklyn called Park Slope , where , depending on the time of day at the local playground , same-sex parents just might outnumber straight ones . I recognize , though , that not everyone is down with two women or two men raising kids together , so there 's the chance this family might quietly pack up their stuff and build their own campsite somewhere else upon the EOTS . Will our impromptu party suddenly become unbearably awkward ? "  No , we 're not sisters , " I say , as I have hundreds of times before  Emily and I do look somewhat similar  . "  We 're partners . " My new friend brightens and says , "  Oh , who carried ? " Who carried ?! After I tell her that it was me who carried , we swap birth stories . Her husband leans over to tell Emily that he gained 25 pounds worth of sympathy weight . "  Did you have the same problem ? " he asks . Clearly , the only person there with any judgments or preconceived notions was me . I should n't have been surprised . In the five years that Em and I have been married  no , it 's not legal  , and in the three and a half years since we had the boys , that 's pretty much the way it 's gone . Parenting.com : 5 tantrum stoppers that actually work We 've received nothing but love , support or , surprisingly , plain old indifference from friends , family and strangers . That apathy says a lot about how much a part of the social fabric we have become . Truth be told , we 're neither sensational nor worth remarking upon . We 're just the New Normal . At home with June and Jane There are approximately 1 million gay families raising approximately 2 million kids in the United States , according to the Family Equality Council , though it 's hard to know our exact numbers since census data does n't exactly count us . We have the highest population percentages in Los Angeles , San Francisco , New York City , Chicago , and Boston , but we 're not just on the coasts or in major urban centers . Utah , Hawaii , Wyoming , and Nevada all rank as top-ten states with the largest number of same-sex spouses per 1,000 households . In fact , nearly 30 percent of the people who responded to a recent Parenting.com poll have a friend or relative who 's a same-sex parent . "  You can throw a dart at the map and find at least one set of same-sex parents wherever it lands , " says Ellen Kahn , the family project director for the Human Rights Campaign , a lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender civil rights organization . Parenting.com : What to do when your kids is bullied Wherever we live , it turns out that we 're raising some pretty well-adjusted kids . The U.S. National Longitudinal Lesbian Family Study  NLLFS  , which followed the children of 154 lesbian mothers over 25 years , reported that our teens had fewer behavioral problems and better school performance than their peers with straight parents . Nanette Gartrell , M.D. , the lead NLLFS researcher , was not surprised by the results . "  The children we studied were highly desired , " she says . "  They did n't result from a broken condom or too much alcohol . Their parents worked hard to have them and did n't take the privilege of having kids lightly . They took parenting classes and educated themselves . That 's what makes for a good outcome , no matter what the family structure . They built strong communities for their families from the beginning . " I do n't think any gay parent thinks her or his kids are better than anyone else 's . But what the findings do prove is that our offspring are no more likely to be messed up than anyone else 's . We 're not raising freaks . Our kids are totally , boringly normal . And that 's a salient argument against those who think that having gay parents is patently unhealthy for children . The fight to be normal It would be naive , of course , to say that it 's all rosy for gay Americans and their families . Most polls show that about 50 percent of the country is still opposed to legalized marriage for gay couples , and the lack of marital rights has a huge impact on financial and legal status once kids are brought into the mix . Parenting.com : How to teach spirituality to kids your own way Without a federally or state-recognized union , the biological children of one partner have no legal connection to their nonbiological parent . In order for the nonbiological parent to ensure medical benefits for his or her own kids , or to assume custody if , God forbid , his or her partner dies , they have to go through a process called second-parent adoption . Emily and I did this . In a nutshell , you fill out a lot of paperwork with your lawyer , a social worker makes several visits to your home , and then you appear in front of a judge to testify on your own behalf . It 's a humiliating and costly  $ 2,000 to $ 3,000  process . Legal issues are n't the only ones same-sex parents face . Denise Freeman DeCandia and her partner , Cari DeCandia , were both raised Christian and value their faith . So when Denise gave birth to their son , Cortland , eight months ago , it was important to them and their families to have him baptized . They began looking for more liberal denominations near their Cary , North Carolina , home . So far , they 've asked four churches to baptize their son , and received refusals from all of them . One reverend wrote Cari , "  We 'd be delighted to have you visit us ... but unfortunately I would find it impossible to baptize a child being raised in a same-sex partnership . " He closed the note with the words "  Every Blessing . " The rest of U.S. : America 's opinion So , yes , there 's room for improvement . When I wrote a story for Babytalk  Parenting 's sister publication  about my pregnancy , we got a letter from a woman who said she "  threw up in her mouth " when I mentioned Emily . I laughed it off , but it really stung . Fortunately , we received dozens of positive letters to counteract the effect of the handful of negative ones . Parenting.com : The best remedies for rude tween behavior In fact , a recent survey by the Pew Research Center and commissioned by Time magazine found that most Americans ' view of what constitutes a family is loosening . Three out of five people said they view a same-sex couple with kids as a family , too . Kendra Martin , a mom of two in Hayesville , a small mountain town in North Carolina , is a classic example of the shifting attitude . Her cousin is a lesbian who has an 8-year-old son with her partner . Before the boy 's birth , Martin admits she was worried about how he would fare . "  I was concerned it would be hard for a son not to have a father , and I thought he would be teased by his peers . I just thought , ` Why bring someone into the world when you know he 'll have challenges ? ' But I 've realized their son has no more difficulties than any other child . I 've learned all kids get teased , and it 's the parents ' job to help them deal with hardship . All parents have the same issues . " "  Polling clearly shows that Americans are more comfortable than ever with gay people becoming parents , " says Jennifer Chrisler , executive director of the Family Equality Council , who has two kids with her wife , Cheryl Jacques . "  The bottom line is that we are parents first , and that creates a common ground . Bedtime , bathtime , playground , homework : We all speak the same language . To our neighbors , we 're not the ` lesbian moms . ' We 're Jen and Cheryl , raising Tim and Tom . " In other words , with all of the demands they bring and liberties they curtail , our kids -- in the end -- may be what forces us all to simply be what we are : a family . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2010 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	There are 1 million gay families raising 2 million kids in the United States Study : Kids of same sex parents have fewer behavioral problems and better school performance Polls find 50 percent of the country is opposed to legalized marriage for gay couples Survey : Most Americans ' view of what constitutes a family is changing
Editor 's note : The Rev. Robert Barron is Francis Cardinal George Professor of Faith and Culture at Mundelein Seminary and author of several books , including "  Eucharist , " "  Word on Fire : Proclaiming the Power of Christ " and "  The Priority of Christ : Toward a Post-Liberal Catholicism . " Barron is the director of WordOnFire.org , a global media ministry based in Chicago , Illinois . For another view on this topic , read here . The Rev. Robert Barron says celibacy sets the priest apart as a symbol of the world to come . CNN  -- The scandal surrounding the Rev. Alberto Cutie has raised questions in the minds of many concerning the Catholic Church 's discipline of priestly celibacy . Why does the church continue to defend a practice that seems so unnatural and so unnecessary ? There is a very bad argument for celibacy , which has appeared throughout the tradition and which is , even today , defended by some . It goes something like this : Married life is spiritually suspect ; priests , as religious leaders , should be spiritual athletes above reproach ; therefore , priests should n't be married This approach to the question is , in my judgment , not just stupid but dangerous , for it rests on presumptions that are repugnant to solid Christian doctrine . The biblical teaching on creation implies the essential integrity of the world and everything in it . Genesis tells us that God found each thing he had made good and that he found the ensemble of creatures very good . Catholic theology , at its best , has always been resolutely , anti-dualist -- and this means that matter , the body , marriage and sexual activity are never , in themselves , to be despised . But there is more to the doctrine of creation than an affirmation of the goodness of the world . To say that the finite realm in its entirety is created is to imply that nothing in the universe is God . All aspects of created reality reflect God and bear traces of the divine goodness -- just as every detail of a building gives evidence of the mind of the architect -- but no creature and no collectivity of creatures is divine , just as no part of a structure is the architect . This distinction between God and the world is the ground for the anti-idolatry principle that is reiterated from the beginning to the end of the Bible : Do not turn something less than God into God . Isaiah the prophet put it thus : "  As high as the heavens are above the earth , so high are my thoughts above your thoughts and my ways above your ways , says the Lord . " And it is at the heart of the First Commandment : "  I am the Lord your God ; you shall have no other gods besides me . " The Bible thus holds off all the attempts of human beings to divinize or render ultimate some worldly reality . The doctrine of creation , in a word , involves both a great "  yes " and a great "  no " to the universe . Now there is a behavioral concomitant to the anti-idolatry principle , and it is called detachment . Detachment is the refusal to make anything less than God the organizing principle or center of one 's life . Anthony de Mello looked at it from the other side and said "  an attachment is anything in this world -- including your own life -- that you are convinced you can not live without . " Even as we reverence everything that God has made , we must let go of everything that God has made , precisely for the sake of God . This is why , as G.K. Chesterton noted , there is a tension to Christian life . In accord with its affirmation of the world , the Church loves color , pageantry , music and rich decoration  as in the liturgy and papal ceremonials  , even as , in accord with its detachment from the world , it loves the poverty of St. Francis and the simplicity of Mother Teresa . The same tension governs its attitude toward sex and family . Again , in Chesterton 's language , the Church is "  fiercely for having children "  through marriage  even as it remains "  fiercely against having them "  in religious celibacy  . Everything in this world -- including sex and intimate friendship -- is good , but impermanently so ; all finite reality is beautiful , but its beauty , if I can put it in explicitly Catholic terms , is sacramental , not ultimate . In the biblical narratives , when God wanted to make a certain truth vividly known to his people , he would , from time to time , choose a prophet and command him to act out that truth , to embody it concretely . For example , he told Hosea to marry the unfaithful Gomer in order to sacramentalize God 's fidelity to wavering Israel . Thus , the truth of the non-ultimacy of sex , family and worldly relationship can and should be proclaimed through words , but it will be believed only when people can see it . This is why , the Church is convinced , God chooses certain people to be celibate . Their mission is to witness to a transcendent form of love , the way that we will love in heaven . In God 's realm , we will experience a communion  bodily as well as spiritual  compared to which even the most intense forms of communion here below pale into insignificance , and celibates make this truth viscerally real for us now . Though one can present practical reasons for it , I believe that celibacy only finally makes sense in this eschatological context . For years , the Rev. Andrew Greeley argued -- quite rightly in my view -- that the priest is fascinating and that a large part of the fascination comes from celibacy . The compelling quality of the priest is not a matter of superficial celebrity or charm . It is something much stranger , deeper , more mystical . It is the fascination for another world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the Rev. Robert Barron .	The Rev. Robert Barron : Why does Church back practice that seems unnecessary ? He says he rejects the "  marriage is spiritually suspect " defense of celibacy But celibacy sets the priest apart as a symbol of another world , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Flight attendants who have OSHA protections on the ground -- but lose them the minute they board a plane -- may soon retain those protections in the sky . In a move that may also benefit airline passengers , the Federal Aviation Administration and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration announced Friday they plan to share responsibility for the flight attendants ' safety on aircraft . Flight attendants would , for the first time , be able to report workplace injuries and illnesses to OSHA , ending a 37-year era in which the FAA claimed sole jurisdiction for cabin safety . Flight attendants applauded the proposal , saying it would not negatively affect passenger service , but instead would benefit passengers because they share the same environment . OSHA said areas of concern include exposure to noise and blood-borne pathogens and access to information on hazardous chemicals . The change would open the doors for OSHA to investigate complaints about air quality in aircraft , a condition sometimes referred to as "  sick airplane syndrome . " "  This is a validation that the aircraft cabin is our workplace , " said Veda Shook , president of the Association of Flight Attendants . "  Any enhancement for flight attendants would also be an enhancement for passengers . " As an example , Shook said , some airlines provide both training and equipment to deal with bleeding passengers , while others do not . Flight attendants who are not provided equipment or training could enlist OSHA 's help to change airline practices and policies , she said . A spokesman for Airlines for America , an industry trade group , said that while workplace safety is a top priority for airlines , the current FAA oversight is effective . "  A4A believes that expanding the regulatory process across multiple agencies is unnecessary , creates conflicting regulatory authority and a host of logistical problems throughout the industry , " Victoria Day said . The FAA and OSHA said the unusual nature of flight attendant 's workspace necessitates a system of cooperative oversight . When addressing OSHA noise concerns , for instance , several solutions might require the addition of thicker noise panels , which would affect aircraft design and safety . Under federal law , flight attendants are not currently covered by the Occupational Safety and Health Act . The act also excludes employees regulated by another federal agency -- for example , the Mine Safety and Health Administration and the Coast Guard -- as well as family farms and the self-employed . "  The policy announced today with the FAA will not only enhance the health and safety of flight attendants by connecting them directly with OSHA , but will by extension improve the flying experience of millions of airline passengers , " U.S. Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis said in a prepared statement . Friday 's announcement opens up a 30-day public comment period on the proposed policy .	Currently flight attendants are not covered by OSHA regulations on planes The proposed change would extend OSHA 's jurisdiction "  This is a validation that the aircraft cabin is our workplace , " a fight attendant says An industry trade group calls the change unnecessary
Washington  CNN  -- Boston bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev was not on a terrorism watch list or a "  no-fly " list when he traveled to Russia last year , a federal law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday . The source , who spoke on condition of not being identified , noted the FBI found no suspicions of terrorist ties when it interviewed Tsarnaev and his family members and friends in 2011 after Russia asked U.S. authorities for information on the immigrant from the Caucasus region . Because the United States "  never deemed him a threat , " Tsarnaev "  was not on a terror watch list or any ` no-fly ' list , " according to the official . The information added to questions over the FBI 's handling of Tsarnaev , 26 , the older of two brothers accused of setting off two bombs that killed three people and injured more than 260 others near the finish line of last week 's Boston Marathon . Area near Boston bomb scene reopens to residents , business owners Tsarnaev and his brother , Dzhokhar , also allegedly killed a university policeman on Thursday , three days after the bombings , to set off an unprecedented Boston-area manhunt . Tamerlan died after a shootout with police on Thursday night , and Dzhokhar was captured on Friday . Some members of Congress have questioned how someone the FBI questioned two years earlier because Russia was concerned about his shift toward Islamic extremism could have avoided closer scrutiny since then . After being briefed Tuesday by FBI Deputy Director Sean Joyce , the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee said they do n't believe the FBI "  dropped the ball " in its handling of Tsarnaev . Heat is on FBI over handling of bombing suspect However , both Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , who chairs the panel , and its top Republican , Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , said potential problems revealed by the Tsarnaev case needed to be addressed . Chambliss cited an apparent lack of information-sharing between the federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies , a problem he said was believed to have been remedied in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks almost 12 years ago . "  We 're going to continue to look at whether or not all of the information was adequately shared , " he told reporters . Separately , FBI Director Robert Mueller , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Matt Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , briefed House members on the Boston bombings , said Republican Rep. Peter King of New York . None of the legislators who spoke to reporters after the briefings provided details of the ongoing investigation , saying it was too soon to draw conclusions . "  Who knows what will be found tomorrow ? " Feinstein said . A focus of the briefings was Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's six-month trip to Russia in 2012 that family members said included visits to Chechnya and Dagestan , regions known for radical Islamic insurgency . What was Tamerlan Tsarnaev doing in Russia ? At a hearing earlier on Tuesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee , some GOP panel members challenged Napolitano about reported discrepancies in the Tsarnaev case . Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa cited reports that U.S. authorities were unaware Tsarnaev had left the country for Russia in January 2012 even though his name was misspelled on his airline ticket by Russian carrier Aeroflot , which would normally trigger increased scrutiny . Napolitano responded that Tsarnaev 's departure did "  ping " in the homeland security screening system , but she noted that because the FBI 's investigation in 2011 found no suspicious activity , there was no reason to follow up . "  There was a missed match there " involving the incorrect spelling of Tsarnaev 's name , Napolitano said , adding that "  even with the misspelling , in our current system there are redundancies and so the system did ping when he was leaving the United States . " The federal law enforcement official told CNN that such a hit in the system does n't prompt automatic action . In Tsarnaev 's case , the Russian government knew he would be traveling to Russia and had family there , so there was nothing to follow up , the official said . Timeline : A look at Tamerlan 's past CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes , a former FBI official , offered a similar explanation Tuesday . "  By the time he comes back , the FBI case is closed and , again , no additional information comes back from the Russians to keep an eye on him or that he 's on his way back to your country , " Fuentes said . "  Once the FBI case is closed , there is no further monitoring by the FBI of his activity or whether he 's going to these Jihadi Web sites or becoming increasingly radicalized . " However , Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina told CNN on Tuesday that the episode showed that the Department of Homeland Security never notified the FBI that Tsarnaev had left the country . "  It was clear to me that the homeland security shop had information about the travel to Russia , the FBI did not , and they 're not talking to each other and they 're going back to the pre-9 / 11 problems here , " Graham said . He also questioned why the FBI investigation of Tsarnaev in 2011 failed to bring his name up as someone to check out in the immediate aftermath of the Boston bombings . Tsarnaev and his brother were only identified three days later when authorities released photos and video footage of them at the scene of the blasts . "  I just find it really unnerving that we could have had him in FBI custody in 2011 and did a whole profile of him , and after the attack that his name not surface , that we did n't check the database or the database had him missing , " Graham said . Tsarnaev was an immigrant from the volatile Caucasus region of southwest Russia who had legal residence in the United States and sought last year to become fully naturalized , like his brother Dzhokhar , 19 . Bombing suspect 's wife ` very distraught ' However , the Department of Homeland Security rejected the citizenship request due to the FBI questioning before the Russia trip . An FBI statement Friday said a foreign government -- later identified by legislators as Russia -- asked for information on Tsarnaev "  based on information that he was a follower of radical Islam and a strong believer , and that he had changed drastically since 2010 as he prepared to leave the United States for travel to the country 's region to join unspecified underground groups . " In response , the FBI said , it "  checked U.S. government databases and other information to look for such things as derogatory telephone communications , possible use of online sites associated with the promotion of radical activity , associations with other persons of interest , travel history and plans , and education history . " "  The FBI also interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev and family members , " said the FBI statement . "  The FBI did not find any terrorism activity , domestic or foreign , and those results were provided to the foreign government in the summer of 2011 . " In addition , the FBI "  requested but did not receive more specific or additional information from the foreign government , " its statement said . The lengthy travel to Russia by Tsarnaev , who 's ethnically Chechen but came to the United States from Kyrgyzstan , caused some legislators and analysts to speculate he may have received training during the trip . Dead Boston bomb suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis shows Fuentes detailed how the FBI employs what amounts to "  triage " to deal with what he said were tens of thousands of similar inquiries a year that require some level of bureau investigation . "  If you are getting this from a hot place like Afghanistan or the tribal area of Pakistan or places where we have had specific training camps and people deployed on purpose to come and attack us , then that is the highest priority , " he said . "  And even there , many of the people that go back and forth are visiting family . I mean , they are not always going back to be trained to be terrorists or always going back for refresher courses on terrorism . " Regarding Russia , Fuentes noted the ongoing conflict with Chechen separatists that may have caused Moscow 's request for information on Tsarnaev . 5 key questions in Boston bombing probe "  That 's been an ongoing fight , but it 's been localized , " he said , adding that he could n't recall a case in which a Chechen trained at home came to attack the United States . However , Fuentes noted that al Qaeda had sent people to the Caucasus region for training that included bomb building . Lohr : What we know about Chechnya Now U.S. investigators need to find out if the Tsarnaevs "  had connections , were they deployed by a bigger group , and are there other terrorists in the United States , " Fuentes said . "  Are there other explosive devices hidden somewhere or booby traps created , a cache of weapons ? " he wondered . "  That 'll be the task . " de Waal : Suspects ' culture of migration and machismo CNN 's Jim Acosta , Ted Barrett and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NEW : Senators say no indication yet that the FBI "  dropped the ball " NEW : Republican senators cite failure of federal agencies to share information Legislators question the FBI handling of bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev The FBI investigated Tsarnaev two years before the Boston Marathon bombing
CNN  -- Starting Monday , Facebook will no longer allow ads on pages that contain sexual or violent content . The move , announced in a blog post , comes after pressure from advocacy groups . It appears to target content that falls into a gray area -- likely to be deemed offensive by many , but which does n't go far enough to be banned by the site . "  Our goal is to both preserve the freedoms of sharing on Facebook but also protect people and brands from certain types of content , " the post reads . In May , Facebook was targeted by a coalition of women 's organizations complaining about pages or groups that seemed to celebrate or make light of violence against women . As part of the campaign , the groups petitioned Facebook advertisers . The campaign appeared to have some effect . Several advertisers , including Nissan UK and Nationwide , said they were pulling ads from Facebook , while others said they were monitoring the situation . In response , the site announced it was redoubling efforts to stamp out hate speech . Now Facebook says it 's implementing new standards for which pages or groups may have advertising placed on them . "  For example , we will now seek to restrict ads from appearing next to Pages and Groups that contain any violent , graphic or sexual content  content that does not violate our community standards  , " the post reads . "  Prior to this change , a Page selling adult products was eligible to have ads appear on its right-hand side ; now there will not be ads displayed next to this type of content . " The process will begin with potentially offensive pages being flagged by humans but will eventually give way to "  a more scalable , automated way to prevent and/or remove ads appearing next to controversial content . " With more than 1 billion users to monitor and sometimes grumbly investors to please , Facebook finds itself having to satisfy users of the free service as well as the advertisers that provide the vast majority of its revenue . "  Like any digital platform , we 're not going to be perfect but we will be much better , " Facebook said . "  We 'll continue to work aggressively on this issue with advertisers . We are confident the immediate steps we 're taking will result in a significantly improved approach to preventing these instances from occurring , and we are committed to making this process work for everyone who uses Facebook . "	Facebook is pulling ads from pages that contain sexual or violent content Move comes after complaints about anti-women hate speech Facebook 's system for flagging content will eventually be automated
CNN  -- Capt. Kirk was wrong : Space is not "  Star Trek 's " "  final frontier . " A Web-based "  Star Trek " podcast tells the "  continuing mission " of the USS Montana . It 's the Internet . Television seems to have abandoned the 40-year-old franchise for now , leaving fans to create adventures using the Web , high technology and their imaginations . Two seasoned Web producers are rolling out an unofficial audio podcast based on the Trek universe two years after Paramount canceled its remaining "  Star Trek " TV series and a year before producer J.J. Abrams ' much-anticipated "  Star Trek " film . "  People are hungry for new material , " said Sebastian Prooth , co-executive producer of "  Star Trek : The Continuing Mission . " "  But they 're not hungry for McDonald 's . They 're hungry for gourmet . " Interactive : A history of "  Star Trek " " Prooth and co-executive producer Andy Tyrer plan to serve up their pilot episode "  Ghost Ship " on Christmas Day , after 10 weeks of painstaking production via the Internet from the UK and five U.S. states . Tyrer comes to the project after producing "  WhoUniverse , " a podcast about the long-running BBC TV series "  Doctor Who , " and Prooth after working on the technology podcast "  Global Geek . " "  The Continuing Mission " centers on the adventures of the USS Montana , a starship similar to Kirk 's famous USS Enterprise of the original 1960s TV series . Commanded by Capt. Paul Edwards , the Montana is accidentally thrust from the 23rd century into the 24th century , about five years before the time of TV 's "  Star Trek : The Next Generation , " which debuted in 1987 . During the coming year , Prooth and Tyrer plan to produce and post on their Web site 10 half-hour episodes . "  When we committed to this , we made the decision that we were going to treat this like a proper production , " said Tyrer from his home in England . The drama 's cast members perform their lines from studios in Los Angeles , California ; Atlanta , Georgia ; Greenfield , Indiana ; Rochester , Minnesota ; and Knoxville , Tennessee . Tyrer records their performances at his London studio and Prooth directs from Scotts Valley , California . "  Every time an actor records his lines , Sebastian is on the Skype -LSB- audio Web link -RSB- with them , giving them directions about how he wants the scene to be played out , " said Tyrer . Despite Prooth 's distractions from his day job at a printing shop and Tyrer 's gig as an IT consultant , they 've produced a slick , professional-quality drama in a genre that 's threatening to give mainstream TV studios a run for their money . To prove the point , an online "  Star Trek " video series called "  New Voyages " shocked Hollywood this fall by winning TV Guide 's 2007 Online Video Award for best sci-fi Webisode -- defeating Sci Fi Channel 's better-funded "  Battlestar Galactica . " "  I think it shows what can be done on a limited budget on the Internet , " said "  Battlestar Galactica " producer/writer Ronald D. Moore . "  The bar to distribution is much lower than it was in the past . People can , on their own , start doing programming out there that is of a quality that approaches what we can do on air -- not maybe at the moment , but if you compare those ` New Voyages ' episodes to the original series , they 're in the ballpark with what the original series was able to do . " The award for "  New Voyages " is evidence that "  Star Trek " fans have traveled light years from their days at 1970s conventions , where they traded handwritten novellas and rough-hewn screenplays based on the original NBC TV series . Three decades later , they 're producing feature-length dramas complete with "  Star-Wars " - style special effects . Franchise owner CBS/Paramount has traditionally turned a blind eye to these projects as long as they remain nonprofit and do n't harm copyrighted material . "  In order for ` Star Trek ' to survive , it has to change , " said Prooth . "  It has to become something else so it is relevant and people can connect with it -- where they are in 2007 -- rather than where they were in 1987 or 1966 . " Moore -- who cut his teeth in Hollywood writing and producing "  Star Trek " TV and films -- predicts Webisodes ultimately will improve programming quality at TV and film studios . "  I think it 'll spur competition . They 're already aware that they 're in a fight for attention -- for eyeballs out there , " said Moore . "  They 're going to have to continue to supply a product that surpasses that of what startup companies , or people , can do on their own dime . " But do n't expect fan-produced Webisodes to be threatening Hollywood studios anytime soon , said Robert Thompson of Syracuse University 's Center for Television and Popular Culture . He predicts the Web will become a place for entertainment development . "  The Internet is one great big farm team ... offering the opportunity for people to make stuff ... put it out there ... and allow some of it to rise to the top , " Thompson said . "  Then , the best stuff will be co-opted or bought -- and the people will be hired and move into the mainstream area . " Last year , creators of the fictional video blogger lonelygirl15 won a Web deal after attracting fame online . In 2008 , NBC reportedly will begin airing "  Quarterlife , " popular Webisodes of which debuted online . It was created by the producers of TV 's "  thirtysomething . " Royalties for Webisodes are at the heart of the ongoing Hollywood writers ' strike , but Thompson said the television industry should n't be too distracted by what 's available online . "  Television needs to do what made them appealing in the first place , which is good , professional storytelling , " said Thompson . "  What television should be creating now are the next ` Star Trek ' franchises -- not ` Star Trek ' per se -- but the shows that Webisodes in five or 10 years will be based on . "	"  Battlestar Galactica " writer/producer : "  Webisodes " will spur better TV , films Web-produced Trek video beats "  Battlestar Galactica " for TV Guide award Fans "  hungry for new material , " says producer ; TV has dropped Trek series Unofficial Star Trek audio podcast "  Continuing Mission " debuts December 25
The modest clinic on Milpas Street in laid-back Santa Barbara , California , was well known to patients seeking powerful pain medication . They went there to find the "  Candy Man . " Dr. Julio Diaz earned that nickname because , according to court records , he was writing prescriptions for massive numbers of pills -- hundreds , even thousands , at a time . He prescribed medications like oxycodone , a powerful opioid pain killer that is highly addictive . At the nearby Cottage Hospital , emergency room doctors noticed a pattern and sensed a problem . "  We communicate first with our patients and then with the primary care providers . We then began to see that there was a pattern and that clearly by far Dr. Diaz 's prescribing stood out above any of the other physicians in the computer , " Dr. Chris Lambert said . Lambert found that Cottage Health documented more than 400 emergency room visits from Diaz 's patients , according to court documents . Some were clearly dependent on opiates , he said , and others were seeking more pain medication . "  And of course we saw the complications , too , " Lambert noted . Those complications included symptoms of severe drug withdrawal and overdoses . The Medical Board of California , and eventually the Drug Enforcement Administration , were called to investigate . That investigation resulted in a laundry list of charges against Diaz including the over-prescription of narcotics , prescribing narcotics when there was no medical need , and illegal distribution of a narcotic to a person under the age of 21 . According to the DEA , there were a dozen overdose deaths associated with Diaz . Twenty-seven-year-old Adam Montgomery was one of them . Montgomery started seeing Diaz after he injured his back on a construction job . He was seeking pain medication . He got it , and soon he was hooked . As the months went by , Montgomery 's parents noticed a change . "  Well , at some point , he started spending a lot of time in bed . And just watching TV , never doing anything , " Adam 's father , Robert Montgomery said . "  And that seemed to get worse and worse . And then I noticed the color change in his face , his attitude , his love toward his family ... That all went away . " Montgomery slowly became aware that his son was addicted to oxycodone , and he called Diaz . "  I was seeing paperwork with hundreds of oxycodone pills , " Montgomery told CNN . "  I wanted to know why he was giving him so many . " He says he never got an answer . In an affidavit , the DEA alleges that in the six weeks before Adam Montgomery 's death , Diaz prescribed him a total of 2,087 pills , an average of 63 pills a day . On the day after Thanksgiving in 2011 , Montgomery received the news that his son had died of a drug overdose . In Adam Montgomery 's bedroom and car , investigators found bottles of multiple drugs , and some were empty . All were prescribed by Diaz . The autopsy concluded that a cocktail of oxycodone , hydromorphone , alprazolam and methadone was the cause of death . "  Right now we have more people that are dying from prescription opioids than cocaine and heroin combined , " said Robert Hill , a DEA special agent with years of experience on the front lines of the war on drugs . Hill says that in 2011 , the most recent year for which there are statistics , more than 22,000 people died from prescription drugs . Late last year , Diaz signed a plea agreement , admitting to a reduced number of charges . Those charges include the illegal distribution of oxycodone , hydromorphone , alprazolam and fentanyl . The original charges against him carried a maximum sentence of 200 years in prison and up to $ 10 million in fines , but the plea bargain will likely reduce that sentence . CNN contacted Diaz 's attorney , but received no comment . Diaz awaits sentencing . To this day , Montgomery 's parents struggle with the what-ifs . Had he known then what he knows now , "  I might have been able to save him , but I was more disappointed in him -- in making these bad decisions , " Robert Montgomery said . "  But it was n't him , it was the drugs that changed him . So I just turned my back on him , and I would n't do that today . " How safe are your prescription drugs ? Prescription drugs ` orphan ' children in eastern Kentucky	Dr. Julio Diaz awaiting sentencing on charges including illegal drug distribution Adam Montgomery , 27 , became addicted to prescription drugs and later died DEA alleges Diaz prescribed him more than 2,000 pills in the six weeks before his death
CNN  -- The search for two missing hikers on Oregon 's Mount Hood has moved from a search operation into a recovery operation , authorities said Wednesday . "  It was our hope that we might get a window today to take a last look , " Clackamas County , Oregon , Sheriff Craig Roberts told reporters . "  Unfortunately , that has n't happened . " Anthony Vietti , 24 ; Luke Gullberg , 26 ; and Katie Nolan , 29 , set out about 1 a.m. Friday on what was to have been a fairly easy "  semi-technical " hike in which they would have descended the south side of the mountain , Sheriff 's Deputy Scott Meyers has said . Gullberg was found dead Saturday from hypothermia . Authorities said Tuesday they were suspending the search , citing the threat of avalanches . Roberts said Wednesday the mountain was experiencing 60 mph winds and the weather is not expected to clear anytime soon . However , the Sheriff 's Office will continue to monitor weather conditions and will launch an organized recovery mission when conditions improve , he said . "  God has given me a peace about Katie , " Nolan 's father , David Nolan , told reporters Wednesday . "  He 's given me strength . " "  I think there needs to be a time of meeting with my family , and we 're going to talk , and we 're going to cry , and we 're going to hug one another , and then we 're going to turn around and praise God that we know Katie is in heaven , " he said . "  We are confident ... she has led a life that 's been exemplary . " "  This has not shaken our faith , " said John Vietti , Anthony Vietti 's father . "  This has strengthened our faith . " On Tuesday , authorities said there was little hope the two would be found alive . "  Could they be alive ? Yes , " said Dr. Terri Schmidt , physician supervisor for American Medical Response in Clackamas County . "  Is it very likely ? No . " A specialist in emergency medicine , Schmidt noted that "  at about 48 hours -- two days -- the chances of finding somebody alive after that go down to about 1 percent . " Operations coordinator Nate Thompson hypothesized that the hikers may have been involved in an accident and that Gullberg , the most experienced of the three , may have broken away from the others and begun to backtrack in an effort to seek help . Above his body rescuers found a water bottle , a helmet , a harness , a camera and camera case and a mitten belonging to Nolan . "  Maybe Katie lost a mitten in an accident , " Thompson said . If Gullberg did indeed seek to return for help and Nolan lost one of her mittens in an accident , he may have left his gear , his pack and his supplies and gloves with her , taking the lone mitten , he said . But descending can be more difficult than climbing in some places . "  If there was some form of an accident and Luke did downclimb , this is a much more difficult descent , " he said . Vietti 's home is Longview , Washington ; Nolan 's is Portland , Oregon . Gullberg was from Des Moines , Washington . Mount Hood rises 11,239 feet above sea level , with a base that stretches across 92 miles  148 km  . It is the highest mountain in Oregon , a dormant volcano with steam constantly spewing from holes , according to the Web site mthood.org .	"  Could they be alive ? Yes , " expert says . "  Is it very likely ? No " Anthony Vietti , Luke Gullberg , Katie Nolan , started hike about 1 a.m. Friday Gullberg was found dead Saturday from hypothermia He may have been trying to get help for others after an accident , searcher says
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- Norway 's nightmare lasted just over three hours , all in the middle of a summer afternoon . Authorities are still trying to piece together exactly what happened last Friday -- and , perhaps as significantly , why . But they have offered a timeline as to how the bloodshed began in central Oslo and then continued 20 miles away , at a political youth camp on Utoya island . While police have not officially named him , they have arrested a man who has been identified in local and national media reports as Anders Behring Breivik , 32 . A manifesto , purportedly written by a man of that name and posted online the day of the attacks , signals his intent to be part of a "  European civil war " and his distaste for Norway 's leadership . Here is a chronological recap of last week 's violence that left at least 93 people dead across the two sites , compiled from statements and interviews of police , witnesses and government officials : 3:20 p.m. : An fertilizer bomb explodes outside government offices in central Oslo , near the Norwegian parliament and the offices of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg . The government 's leader is not present at the time of the blast . At least seven people are killed . Sometime thereafter , the suspect in the bombing takes a 3/4-mile ferry ride on Tyrifjorden -- Norway 's fifth-largest lake -- to Utoya island . The 26-acre island , about 20 miles from central Oslo , is hosting a youth camp run by the Labour Party . About 700 teens and young adults are attending the camp , and are gathered in a large meeting room where camp organizers share information about the bombing in Oslo . A man dressed in an apparent police uniform asks to address the group , but instead opens fire . The suspect walks around the camp shooting people . Some try to hide or plunge into the water , while others are picked up by boaters passing by and brought to safety . But at least 86 are killed in the attack , according to authorities . 5:27 p.m. : A local police station , situated near Utoya , is alerted . 5:30 p.m. : Authorities in Oslo , home to the national police headquarters , become aware of the youth camp shooting for the first time . 5:38 p.m. : Local police near Utoya request assistance from other law enforcement agents in the Norwegian capital . 5:52 p.m. : Several local police arrive on the lakefront near Utoya . 6:03 p.m. : The first police depart for the island in a boat . 6:09 p.m. : Members of an elite Norwegian police unit arrive on the shore . 6:25 p.m. : These specially trained forces land on the island . 6:27 p.m. : The gunman does not put up a fight as he is taken into custody on the island by the police unit .	An explosion rocked government offices in central Oslo on Friday afternoon Police say the suspect in that blast then headed 20 miles to Utoya Island There he gunned down at least 86 people , in addition to 7 killed by the bomb The 32-year-old man did n't put up a fight when he was arrested , police say
CNN  -- Roman Polanski is regarded as one of the finest directors of his generation , winning an Oscar for "  The Pianist " and nominations for "  Tess " and "  Rosemary 's Baby , " but he is probably as equally well known for his own tumultuous life . Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate are pictured together in London in the 1960s . Polanski , who was arrested Saturday in Switzerland on a U.S. arrest warrant stemming from a decades-old sex charge , had lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if he enters the United States . The 76-year-old declined to collect his Academy Award for Best Director in person when he won it for "  The Pianist " in 2003 . He was en route to the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a tribute to him , when he was arrested by Swiss authorities , the festival said . Polanski was put in "  provisional detention " and now faces the possibility of being extradited to the U.S. , where a warrant for his arrest was issued in 1978 . The director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , acknowledging he had sex with a 13-year-old girl , but fled the U.S. before he could be sentenced . Polanski was accused of plying the girl , then known as Samantha Gailey , with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing , " Huston said . Watch as filmmakers rally round Polanski " She added that Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski was born in Paris in 1933 of Polish-Jewish parents . Aged three , he and his family returned to Krakow in his father 's native Poland . After the Nazis invaded his parents were sent to concentration camps : his mother was gassed at Auschwitz although his father survived the war . The young Polanski survived the Krakow ghetto and "  soared out of Poland on sheer personality , " according to director Marina Zenovich , whose 2007 documentary "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired , " paints a sympathetic picture of the exiled movie legend . Growing up in war-torn Poland , the young Polanski found comfort in the cinema and in acting in radio dramas , on stage and in films . In 1962 , Polanski directed his first feature-length film , "  Knife in the Water . " Poorly received in Poland it was a sensation in the West , and won an Academy Award nomination as Best Foreign Film . See images of Polanski 's life on cellulloid " He later moved to England , co-starring with American actress Sharon Tate , whom he married in 1968 , in the Hammer horror parody , "  Dance of the Vampires/The Fearless Vampire Killers , or Pardon Me But Your Teeth Are in My Neck . " Following his move to Hollywood , Polanski was at his peak : he was one of the hottest directors thanks to the critical and commercial hit Rosemary 's Baby and he was married to the beautiful Tate . "  At a certain point in his life , Roman Polanski had a lot of hope , " Zenovich told TIME magazine in 2008 . "  He was living this great life . He was so talented and everyone wanted to work with him . " But that hopeful period ended when Tate , eight months ' pregnant , was murdered by followers of Charles Manson in 1969 . According to TIME , Polanski spent the first years after her death on a kind of sexual spree , and began spending time with younger and younger women , like 15-year-old Nastassja Kinski . When Polanski was arrested for assaulting Gailey , his case drew the attention of Judge Laurence J. Rittenband , who had earlier presided over Elvis Presley 's divorce , Marlon Brando 's child-custody battle and a paternity suit against Cary Grant . Rittenband , in a manner reminiscent of the one-liner-dropping judge in the Anna Nicole Smith case , was obsessed with the media . He even had a bailiff maintain a scrapbook of his newspaper clippings , according court filings . The case proceeded in a strange manner . Rittenband , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . The judge 's bizarre behavior might have continued had Polanski not fled to France , where he has lived for the last 30 years , ultimately marrying again and having two children . Polanski has continued to make critically acclaimed films , such as "  Tess , " an adaptation of the Thomas Hardy novel "  Tess of the d'Urbervilles " which tells the story of a beautiful country girl  Nastassja Kinski  who is seduced by an older man . In 1981 , he returned to Poland to direct and star in a stage production of "  Amadeus . " And 2002 's "  The Pianist , " re-established Polanksi as a top-flight director . There have been repeated attempts to settle the sex case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " Polanski 's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out , but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request . In doing so , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way the director 's case was handled years ago . Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be thrown out . Now married and known as Samantha Geimer , she filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , now 45 , and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Polanski was arrested two days after one of his wife 's killers died . By her own admission , Susan Atkins held Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , stabbing the 26-year-old actress 16 times . Polanski was filming in Europe at the time . Atkins , 61 , died Thursday . She had been suffering from terminal brain cancer .	Polanski born in France in 1933 . Moved to Poland and survived Holocaust Critically acclaimed as actor and director : Married actress Sharon Tate in 1968 Pregnant Tate later murdered by followers of Charles Manson In 1977 Polanski pleaded guilty to having sex with 13-year-old girl ; fled to France
CNN  -- Roger Federer has vowed to bounce back from his second successive defeat against a man who has gained a recent edge over the 17-time grand slam champion . Juan Martin del Potro made his name by beating Federer in the 2009 U.S. Open final , and won again at that year 's ATP World Tour Finals , but lost seven in a row before toppling the then world No. 1 in the final of his home event in Basel last month . The Argentine , who towers over most opponents at six foot six inches tall , followed that up on Saturday with a 7-6  7-3  4-6 6-3 victory to qualify for the semifinals of the season-ending showpiece in London . "  It 's disappointing , " said defending champion Federer , who was already assured of a place in Sunday 's semifinals after beating David Ferrer on Thursday . "  I had a good feeling going into the match , definitely the right game plan . It 's indoor tennis , he has a big serve and all those things . But still I expect myself to get more returns into play . "  But it 's important to move on right now . Mentally , it 's important to look ahead and rest because it 's a quick turnaround . "  I tried everything I could and was a bit frustrated at times , but it should n't affect me tomorrow . " Dad 's recovery gives Djokovic focus By losing the first set , Federer ended the hopes of 2007 runner-up Ferrer -- who beat Janko Tipsarevic 4-6 6-3 6-1in the final match of the round-robin stage on Saturday . Ferrer 's victory means that Federer faces world No. 3 Andy Murray on Sunday in a rematch of the Wimbledon and Olympic finals , while Del Potro plays No. 1 Djokovic -- who won all three of his Group A games . World No. 5 Ferrer is one of the ATP Tour 's in-form players this season , with a leading seven titles -- including his last two outings in Valencia and Paris , where Federer relinquished his title and the No. 1 ranking when he decided to skip the season 's final Masters event . The Spaniard now has a tour-leading 74 match wins this year , one more than Djokovic . "  I really wanted to give him a chance and give myself the best possible preparation for the semis . I really hoped I could win , " said Federer , who is seeking a record-extending seventh title at the elite eight-man event . "  It 's not that I prefer David over Juan Martin -- not at all -- but I think he 's had a stellar season . "  It was a given I was going to give my very best . But I 'm more disappointed for him than I am about losing today . " Djokovic edges Murray at ATP finals Del Potro is appearing at the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time since 2009 , when he lost in the final in the tournament 's debut year in the UK capital . "  Beating Federer is not easy for sure . But I did n't think about trying to qualify for the next round , " said the 24-year-old , who has battled his way back into the top-10 after long-term wrist problems . "  I was just thinking about my match and doing the same things like Basel . At the end I was thinking maybe it could be my last service game of the year . "  So I put all my concentration into serving and that helped me to make fantastic first serves and many aces . But he 's still the favorite to win the tournament , with Murray and Djokovic . "  Now you have three big names in the semifinals and one big guy . I 'm the number four for sure . But everything can happen . I beat Federer , Novak and Andy a long time ago , so maybe if I am lucky I can repeat that here . "	Juan Martin del Potro beats Roger Federer to claim semifinal place in ATP World Tour Finals Argentine 's three-set victory ends the hopes of Spain 's world No. 5 David Ferrer Ferrer finishes on a high note as he beats Janko Tipsarevic in final round-robin match Federer will face Andy Murray in Sunday 's semifinals , while Del Potro plays Novak Djokovic
CNN  -- The co-pilot of a plane that crashed in Buffalo , New York , in February was feeling ill and had considered backing out of the flight , according to a cockpit voice recorder transcript released Monday by the National Transportation Safety Board . First Officer Rebecca Shaw said before takeoff : "  You know , we 'll see how it feels flying . " "  You know , we 'll see how it feels flying , " First Officer Rebecca Shaw said as the plane prepared for takeoff . "  If the pressure 's just too much , I , you know , I could always call in tomorrow . " She added , "  I 'm pretty tough . " At a safety board hearing in May , NTSB investigators said Shaw had pulled an all-nighter before she got on the plane . After three days off , she had commuted through the night from Seattle , Washington , catching rides on FedEx flights to get to Newark , New Jersey , investigators said . Colgan Flight 3407 crashed February 12 during an instrument approach to Buffalo-Niagara International Airport . The four crew members and all 45 passengers died ; there was also one fatality on the ground . The transcript indicates intermittent sneezes and sniffles during the flight . The report released Monday adds to the factual material connected to the investigation and does not provide analysis into the probable cause of the accident , the safety board said . The other pilot on the flight , Capt. Marvin Renslow had nearly a full day off beforehand , but safety board investigators found that he slept in the Newark Airport crew lounge , against Colgan Air regulations . CNN 's Edmund DeMarche contributed to this report .	Transcripts show that Rebecca Shaw was feeling ill Shaw said that if pressure was too much , she could call out the next day Colgan Flight 3407 crashed February 12 during approach to Buffalo
CNN  -- Florida prosecutors have offered teenager Kaitlyn Hunt a new plea deal -- one that would keep her out of jail , even if she 'd have to admit wrongdoing -- tied to charges she 's facing for having sex with a then-14-year-old girl , a state attorney said Wednesday . Hunt , who turned 19 on Wednesday according to her family , is charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery after the parents of the 14-year-old went to authorities . Hunt 's family says their relationship was consensual , though in Florida a person under the age of 16 is not legally able to give consent to sex . Bruce Colton , state attorney for Florida 's 19th judicial circuit , told CNN that his office offered Hunt the latest plea deal in July . Under its terms , she would plead to two misdemeanor battery counts and one felony count for interference of child custody -- a charge that could be expunged later from her record -- said Colton . In exchange , Hunt would be subject to a curfew , would have to do community service and would be on probation , he added . But she would not face jail time , nor would she have to wear an ankle bracelet or have to register as a sex offender . The state attorney says he feels the plea deal addresses the concerns of Hunt , the younger teenage girl and their respective families . Hunt 's lawyer replied that her client would n't agree to such a deal , according to Colton . But the state attorney 's office is pressing the lawyer further , asking for documentation that shows Hunt talked about the arrangement with her client and that Hunt formally declined it . As of Wednesday , that last part had n't happened , Colton said . If Hunt is convicted on all charges she 's currently facing , she could go to prison for 15 years . No trial date has been set . The current offer is at least the second plea deal offered by prosecutors . Last spring , Hunt rejected one that would have required her to plead no contest to child abuse and , in return , spend two years on strict "  community control " followed by one year of probation . "  If this case involved a boy and girl , there would be no media attention to this case , " her attorney Julia Graves said then in a statement . " ... If this incident occurred 108 days earlier when  Hunt  was 17 , we would n't even be here . " The case generated buzz when Hunt 's family went public on Facebook , detailing their daughter 's case and essentially accusing the victim 's family of going after their daughter because she is gay . The victim 's family said that is n't true ; they are only trying to protect their teenage daughter . Sheriff : Case is about age , not gay rights Jim and Laurie Smith have told CNN affiliate WPEC that they twice warned Hunt , who was then 18 , to stop . They took action after going to their daughter 's bedroom one weekend morning and discovered she was missing . "  We had no other alternative but to turn to the law , use it basically as a last resort , " Jim Smith said . Hunt 's supporters see the case differently , with some accusing the Smiths of going after the teen because of her sexual orientation . And for Hunt herself , she does n't want to pay for a relationship that , in her opinion , was not wrong . "  I 'm scared of losing my life , the rest of my life , " she said earlier this year , "  not being able to go to college or be around kids , be around my sisters and my family . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Kaitlyn Hunt faces 2 felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery in Florida She was 18 when she allegedly had a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old girl Hunt says it was consensual ; the younger teen 's parents say they want to protect their child Prosecutors offer a plea deal involving community service , probation , but no jail time
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Photographer Anton Fury 's hobby of searching weekend garage sales for collectible toys led him to dozens of apparently unpublished photos of a young Marilyn Monroe . Fury has allowed CNN to publish the images just days before what would have been Monroe 's 85th birthday . They apparently were taken during a photo session before she was well known . "  I found an envelope of negatives , did n't know what they were , but I realized they were old , " Fury said . He paid $ 2 for the folder , which contained two envelopes of black-and-white negatives . That was in Parsippany , New Jersey , in 1980 , when Fury says he was "  a fledgling photographer . " "  I took it home , put them on the lightboard with a loupe and , needless to say , these are Marilyn , " he said . "  That was probably my greatest garage sale discovery ever . " The second envelope was filled with about 70 negatives of actress Jayne Mansfield . Fury held onto the photographs for the last three decades , not knowing much about them . "  The only thing we 're sure of is who , " he said . "  We do n't know where , we do n't know why , we do n't know when , we do n't know who shot them . But we do know it is Marilyn . " Fury flew to Los Angeles this week to show the images to David W. Streets , a Beverly Hills art dealer and appraiser experienced with Monroe photos . Monroe was one of the most photographed women ever , but Streets suspects these photos are from her early years , soon after she cut her hair and evolved into the iconic look most people associate with her . "  I 've looked for early photographs , early test shots , magazine shots , books , and have n't been able to find anything yet , so the mystery we 're just beginning to unravel , " Streets said . Streets ' best guess for now is the photos were taken in 1950 , a breakout year for the nearly unknown Monroe because of her minor roles in "  The Asphalt Jungle " and "  All About Eve . " "  I know they were taken here in Los Angeles , " which we know "  from the backgrounds that we see in the photos , " Streets said . "  You see Hollywood Hills , Hollywood 1950s architecture . " There are more questions than answers , though . "  For me as an appraiser and as a researcher , I want people to call , I want people to e-mail and say , ` This is where it is , this is what it is , this is who I think took it , ' " Streets said . One clue that could be important is the coincidence of a man seen in both the Monroe and Mansfield photographs . It is possible he was the photographer for both sessions , Streets said . "  We know that Monroe and Mansfield were here working at the same time , were contemporaries and friends , " Streets said . "  So , there 's an intertanglement there that we 're going to unravel and see where the mystery leads . " Monroe , who would have been 24 in 1950 , wore two bathing suits , including a bikini , and short pants during the poolside photo shoot . One risk Fury runs as he brings his garage sale find to the public , and possibly for sale , is that someone could make a legal claim to the photos , which are possibly still protected by copyright laws even after 60 years . "  That 's kind of what we 're trying to figure out , " Fury said . There 's way more questions than there are answers at this point . We do n't know where this is going to lead . "	Photographer found Marilyn Monroe and Jayne Mansfield negatives in 1980 Who shot them and how they ended up at a garage sale is unknown , man says Finder , art appraiser David Streets welcome public help in solving the mystery
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three 60-foot steel beams fell 40 stories at the World Trade Center construction site Thursday after a crane cable snapped . Authorities said no one was injured when the beams -- each weighing several tons -- came hurtling down from one of the new towers being built at the site of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  The cable of a crane broke , causing the steel it was lifting to fall approximately 40 stories back onto the flatbed truck that had transported the steel into the World Trade Center site , " said a statement from John Gallagher , spokesman for Tishman Construction , which manages the site . "  The incident occurred within an enclosed section of the site , which is not accessible to the public . " The 72-story building , which will face the World Trade Center memorial park honoring the victims of 9/11 , is scheduled to officially open in the fall of 2013 , according to the World Trade Center website . "  Fortunately ... nobody was hurt , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference Thursday . Gallagher said in his statement that the construction company was "  investigating the matter in full cooperation " with authorities including the New York fire department , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and the city 's Department of Buildings . "  The job is partially shut down pending the investigation , " Gallagher said .	Three steel beams fall after a crane cable snaps "  Fortunately ... nobody was hurt , " Mayor Bloomberg says
Laguna Niguel , California  CNN  -- Twitter did not participate in the recent online "  blackouts , " in which Wikipedia and others made their websites inaccessible to U.S. visitors for a day , because it would have been counterproductive , the company 's CEO said Monday night . "  You do n't pull the batteries out of the microphone , " Dick Costolo told audience members during an onstage interview at News Corp. 's D : Dive Into Media conference here . Instead , Twitter proved to be a key platform for people exchanging information about the controversial Stop Online Piracy Act  SOPA  and similar proposed legislation , Costolo said . About 3.9 million messages about SOPA and its sister bill , PIPA , were posted to Twitter on January 18 , the day of the blackout , he said . After a huge outcry online , both bills have since been shelved . Addressing the new censorship policy that Twitter announced last week to much outrage and confusion , Costolo maintained that his company has taken the right approach . He repeatedly said that scholars would one day determine that Twitter had made the right move . "  I think it 's a super-complex issue , " Costolo said . "  It takes a while for the scholars and the people who have studied these issues to chime in . " Twitter 's new rule , which many felt was poorly explained when it was introduced , would allow the company to remove a tweet according to the law in one country while having it remain visible for people in other countries . Previously , the tweet would disappear for everyone . This is n't just for countries with strict censorship rules and human-rights issues . It applies to tweets in the U.S. that are removed as a result of copyright takedown notices , Costolo noted . "  It is simply not the case that you can operate in these countries and choose which laws you want to abide by , " Costolo said . "  There 's been no change in our stance or attitude or policy with respect to content on Twitter . " The first topic of the interview involved Twitter 's battle with Google regarding the latter seeming to favor its own social network in search results over its rivals ' . Google has been under some pressure in Washington recently over charges of anti-competitive practices . Once a Google engineer after the search giant acquired his company FeedBurner , Costolo suggested that Google may have lost its moral compass . "  They 've always been a mission-driven company , " he said . Costolo offered no clear explanation about why Twitter , which now has some 900 employees and more than 100 million active users , and Google could not come to an agreement over including tweets in Google search results . Google indexes 1,300 of Twitter 's pages every second , he said . "  I think they have the data they need , " he said . Toward the end of the interview , Costolo found time to discuss the 2012 presidential campaign , in which Twitter has played an active role . Candidates can mold their public perception through a successful Twitter persona , he said . "  Gosh , I really think 2012 is going to be the Twitter election , " he said . The corny "  spilled milk " joke that fell flat in President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address was instantly panned on Twitter , reactions people could analyze in real time , Costolo noted . And Costolo should know something about a well-timed joke : He was previously an improvisational comedian in Chicago . Costolo won the audience over by sprinkling deadpan gags and self-deprecating humor into the pre-dinner interview . "  Look , I took an Ambien backstage , so we 've got about seven minutes , " he said at the outset . Costolo joked that his and the interviewer 's faces were "  a little too close . " He later told the interviewer , "  First of all , you have a very soothing voice . I 'm picking up on that . " He poked fun at the big red "  dental chair " that the All Things Digital organizers plop every interviewee into at each conference . After making an insightful observation , he told the interviewer , "  You like that ? You swiveled in your chair a little bit . " If he had been a political candidate , Costolo likely would have passed the "  Would I want to get a beer with this guy ? " test that has been informally applied as a measure of a candidate 's likeability .	Dick Costolo weighs in on Stop Online Piracy Act and Protect Intellectual Property Act Twitter did not participate in blackouts because it would have been counterproductive CEO addressed new censorship policy that Twitter announced last week
"  Remember the time Mikey found that massive diamond at that park ? " That 's how one North Carolina family is going to remember this summer . Boy Scout Michael Detlaff , 12 , was visiting an Arkansas park with his family on July 31 when he found a 5.16-carat "  honey brown diamond " in the park 's "  diamond search area . " The park 's response ? "  It is thrilling any time a child finds a diamond here . " The Arkansas ' Crater of Diamond State Park is the only diamond-producing site in the world open to the public and this is n't the first time a diamond has been found , nor is it even close to the biggest diamond discovered at this amazing park . Visitors can dig for diamonds in the park 's 37.5-acre plowed field , which was a diamond mining site before it became a state park in 1972 . John Huddleston , the farmer who originally owned the property , is credited with starting a diamond mining rush when he first found diamonds in Murfreesboro in 1906 . Mystery surrounds Egyptian sphinx unearthed in Israel Free diamonds The park 's policy is finders keepers , which means Michael Detlaff went home with his diamond , which he named "  God 's Glory Diamond . " Mining.com estimated his find to be worth between $ 12,000 and $ 15,000 after being cut and polished . "  Michael had only been searching for about 10 minutes when he found his diamond , " said Park Interpreter Waymon Cox in a press release . "  In fact , Michael 's dad was renting mining equipment to begin his own diamond search when Michael showed the gem to him at the park 's Diamond Discovery Center ! " Michael 's find was the twelfth diamond weighing more than one carat found at the park this year , and the 27th largest diamond found since the opening of the park . One thing we do n't get -- how are there any diamonds left ? Why has n't this place been mobbed tourists on a daily basis going over every grain of sand with a magnifying glass and blunt instruments to ward off greedy fingers poaching their immediate territory ? Underwater discovery of Apollo 11 rocket engines ? Fun facts about the Crater of Diamonds • The three colors of diamonds found at the park are white , brown and yellow . • 40 different types of rocks and minerals other than diamonds can also be found at the park . Other gems include amethyst , peridot and garnet . • Buildings dating to the park 's mining days remain on the premises , such as the Mine Shaft Building and the Guard House . • Due to recent heavy rains , many of the recent finds were right on the surface of the field . • The park says two diamonds a day are found on average . • The largest diamond ever found on site was a white diamond weighing 40.23 carats unearthed in 1984 during the park 's mining days . It 's the largest diamond found in North America to date . • The largest diamond ever found by a park visitor was a 16.37-carat diamond . • Hilary Clinton borrowed the 4.25-carat Kahn Canary diamond , also a park find , to represent Arkansas 's diamond site at a gala celebrating her husband 's inauguration . • Michael Detlaff 's find is the 328th diamond found by a park visitor so far this year . • Most diamonds found in the park are too small to be cut and are kept simply as souvenirs . Crater of Diamonds State Park , 209 State Park Road , Murfreesboro , Arkansas ; +1 870 285 3113 ; 8 a.m.-5 p.m. ; admission $ 7 for adults , $ 4 for children , campsites cost approximately $ 17-21 per night ; rental equipment starts at $ 2.50 per bucket/shovel/knee pads	Boy Scout , 12 , finds 5.16 carat at Arkansas state park Arkansas 's Crater of Diamond State Park is only diamond-producing site in the world open to the public New gem is the 328th diamond found by a park visitor this year
CNN  -- San Francisco police are saying a man they thought was fatally shot by officers actually killed himself . Police earlier said Kenneth Harding was shot by an officer Saturday while trying to run away . But on Thursday , authorities said they found evidence that proved something different . "  We believe that the fatal wound on Mr. Harding was self-inflicted , " said police Cmdr. Mike Biel . Biel revealed the new theory at a news conference Thursday at the city 's medical examiner 's office . Kenneth Harding died Saturday after a confrontation with undercover officers who were doing a fare check on passengers on the city 's Muni bus transit system . Police say when he was approached by the officer who wanted to see his ticket , Harding ran and police pursued him . During the chase , a gunbattle started and Harding was fatally wounded , Initially , authorities believed that San Francisco police shot and killed Harding during the confrontation in the city ' Bayview-Hunters Point neighborhood . The shooting triggered angry protests by some community members who challenged the police version of what happened . The medical examiner said new evidence reveals a different story . "  The bullet which was recovered from his head is not consistent with the service ammunition used by the San Francisco Police Department , " Chief Medical Examiner Amy Hart told reporters . She demonstrated her point with a photo of the bullet removed from Harding 's head . It was a .380 - caliber and San Francisco Police are armed with .40 - caliber ammunition , Hart said . Medical examiner 's staff also found a second , unfired cartridge  .380 - caliber  in Harding 's right jacket pocket . Harding was also wounded in the leg by a round apparently fired by pursuing officers , authorities said . "  Based upon evidence known at this time including : officer and witness statements that Harding shot at the police officers , Shot Spotter data , video tape evidence that depicts a firearm at the scene that was subsequently taken and the location of gunshot residue on Harding 's right hand , it appears that Mr. Harding 's head wound was self-inflicted . It is unknown if Harding 's injury was intentional or accidental . " When the shooting occurred , a crowd had gathered challenging officers , police said in a statement released at the news conference . At one point , a bystander recorded cell phone video of the situation , including a handgun that was laying on the ground near Harding . The Police Department believes that the weapon used by Harding is still outstanding along with a cell phone and bullet casings removed from the scene . Authorities are offering a $ 1,000 reward for the return of the .380 - caliber firearm picked up from the scene . Harding was listed as "  a person of interest " by Seattle Police who were investigating the shooting death of a young woman in that city a few weeks ago , CNN affiliate KGO reported .	The fatal shooting occurs in San Francisco "  We believe that the fatal wound on Mr. Harding was self-inflicted , " police say Police say the bullet found in the man 's head did not match the caliber authorities use
CNN  -- A human head found in a Montreal park this week belongs to Jun Lin , the Chinese university student killed and dismembered in May , police said Wednesday . The remains were discovered Sunday in Angrignon Park , and police had been waiting since then for them to be analyzed and results compiled before confirming their connection to the case . Suspect Luka Magnotta is in Canada awaiting trial on first-degree murder and other charges in the case . Police have said they believe Magnotta filmed Lin 's death and dismemberment and posted the video to the Internet . They say the 10-minute video also shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts and includes evidence of cannibalism . Opinion : The sick fascination with a death video Authorities were tipped to the case after finding Lin 's torso in May behind a Montreal apartment where Magnotta lived . Police say Magnotta mailed other parts of Lin 's body to Canadian politicians in Ottawa and to two schools in Vancouver . Investigators say Magnotta , 29 , fled to France and then Germany after the killing , which they believe happened on May 24 or May 25 . Magnotta was arrested at a Berlin Internet cafe while browsing articles about himself ; He was later extradited to Canada . Lin , 33 , was a student at Montreal 's Concordia University . His family traveled to Canada last month to reclaim their only son 's remains . Donations from the public helped pay for the family 's travel to Canada , and Concordia University has set up an award in Lin 's name to assist Chinese students . Victim 's family recalls his ` love of life ' Montreal teacher fired for showing a killing , dismemberment video Suspect in dismemberment killing arrives in Canada CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	Jun Lin was killed and dismembered in May Luka Magnotta , the suspect in the case , is awaiting trial Police believe Magnotta posted a video of the death online
GONAIVES , Haiti  CNN  -- Four major storms have raked the desperately poor country of Haiti in the past month , leaving at least 341 people dead . A man carries drinking water through the flooded streets of Gonaives , Haiti , on Monday . Nine of the deaths were attributed to Fay , 79 to Gustav , 183 to Hanna and 70 to Ike , said Abel Nazaire , deputy head of Haiti 's Civil Protection Service . The country 's fragile infrastructure was overloaded after the storms and officials were concerned that the floodwaters could spread disease , Sophie Boutaud de la Combe , a spokeswoman for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti , said Tuesday . Gonaives , on the west coast , is one of the hardest-hit cities . This week , Gonaives was knee-deep in filthy water and reachable only by water or air , with many of Haiti 's bridges destroyed and roads flooded . "  My home is destroyed . I have no place to live with my kids . Everything I had just washed away , " Roselene Josef told CNN . Watch desperate survivors in Gonaives " Another survivor said , "  The flood washed away everything . I could n't save anything . They should just move this city . Floods always destroy it . " Aid workers warned of a deepening humanitarian crisis as attempts to deliver aid were frustrated by logistical problems . The U.S. Navy 's USS Kearsarge arrived in the waters off Haiti on Monday to support the U.S. Agency for International Development 's efforts to assist after the devastation . The vessel will help move cargo and equipment between affected cities and will deliver relief supplies , said the U.S. Naval Forces Southern Command . But Monday , the Kearsarge was n't able to deliver anything to Gonaives , because the ship 's scout helicopters could n't find a suitable place for supplies to be unloaded , according to The Associated Press . A U.S. Coast Guard ship carrying 35 tons of relief supplies arrived Saturday in Gonaives . The U.S. cutter was preceded by a ship carrying U.N. relief supplies , including 19 tons of high-energy biscuits , 50,000 bottles of water and water purification tablets , which arrived Friday in Gonaives , said Myrta Kaulard of the United Nations ' World Food Program . CNN 's Karl Penhaul watched as U.N. troops handed out scant supplies of food and water to a long line of Haitians . The line became chaotic , with people fighting over supplies . Watch the devastation Penhaul found in Haiti " Hundreds of people had taken shelter in a school . They told Penhaul they had not received relief aid in a week . An official in Gonaives told the AP on Monday that nine people had died in shelters , including two children . It was not clear if they had died of starvation or some other cause , Daniel Dupiton of the region 's civil protection department told the AP . When floodwaters were at their highest , some residents camped out on their roofs , their clothing and blankets hung over the sides of buildings . Some people "  have lost really everything . ... These are not rich people , these are people who were really struggling -LSB- already -RSB- against high food prices , " Kaulard said . U.S. Navy Capt. Frank Ponds said he had flown over part of southern and northern Haiti . "  I saw towns that were completely flooded , " Ponds said . "  I saw infrastructure , such as bridge -LSB- s -RSB- and roads , totally wiped out . " The eye of Hurricane Ike never touched Haiti earlier this week , but the storm system did bring heavy rains and winds to Gonaives and other towns . Jean Pierre Guiteau , executive director for the Red Cross in Haiti , said 52 people were killed when a river burst its banks in the mountain town of Cabaret near the capital , Port-au-Prince . Another 21 bodies were pulled from sea at Fort-Liberté , Haiti , close to the border with the Dominican Republic . "  It 's a very grim picture , " Guiteau said Sunday . "  Things certainly are getting no better . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Gonaives , Haiti , cut off from rest of country by flooded roads , washed-out bridges Some flood survivors say they have n't received aid in a week Logistical problems prompt aid workers to warn of deepening humanitarian crisis At least 341 people have died in four storms in Haiti
CNN  -- For better or for worse , at almost every major event in the history of modern Israel , Ariel Sharon , the man his countrymen turned to when they thought they had no other choice , was there . "  I can talk and look in the eyes of the citizens of Israel and convince them to make painful compromises , " he declared in August 2001 . "  I saw my friend being killed , I was myself badly injured in battles . I had to take decisions of life or death for others as well as myself and believe me I understand the importance of peace better than many of the politicians who talk about peace . " READ MORE : Ariel Sharon , giant of modern Israel , dies at 85 Israelis called him the "  Bulldozer , " a fearless leader to his supporters who got things done . "  He always worried about the destiny of the Jewish people and it was clear for the Jewish people to survive in this world you have to stand up and fight , " said his senior adviser Raanan Gissin . To his opponents though , like Palestinian legislator Hanan Ashrawi , he was merely a bulldozer in a china shop . "  Sharon was the most bloodiest of Israel 's leaders . No scruples , no compunction -- killing people , men women children , destroying homes , destroying trees and crops , stealing land . " Born on a farm outside Tel Aviv on February 26 , 1928 , the son of Russian immigrants , Sharon took the lessons from working the land to the highest office in Israel . "  When my father saw that I was tired , " Sharon recalled in 2001 , "  he would stop for a minute and say ` Look how much we have done already . ' So from time to time I try and think how much we have done already . " He served bravely during Israel 's war of Independence and the dashing paratrooper quickly rose through the ranks , well liked by Israel 's founding fathers . "  He was tall , he was handsome , he was blonde , and he was thin at the time , " said historian Michael Oren "  and they looked at him : ` This is what we have produced in this land , this new Jew . ' " READ MORE : 5 things to know about Ariel Sharon But controversy was never far away . In 1953 , after a wave of terrorist attacks from Jordan , he established and commanded the infamous Unit 101 , assigned to carry out reprisals . One of those missions was a raid on the border town of Kibya , in which 45 houses were blown up and 69 Arab villagers killed . Sharon said he thought the houses were empty . By June 1967 , he was back at war , now a general , leading his tank battalion to a crushing victory over the Egyptians in the Sinai during the Six Day War . But what he considered his greatest military achievement came during the 1973 Yom Kippur War when a surprise attack by a coalition of Arab states led by Egypt and Syria prompted Sharon to defy his command by surrounding Egypt 's Third Army and leading his troops over the Suez Canal . It was a turning point in the war . "  He was the kind of commander when the going was tough -- uncertainty and casualties -- soldiers always looked up to him to give guidance , to be like their guiding light in the dark , " observed Gissin . "  He was against all those notions of command from the rear . He said the commander must be on top of it with his troops on the front line . " Retiring from the army , he turned to politics . As a member of the conservative Likud party , he served in several Israeli administrations . He was the father of the settlements -- Jewish communities built on occupied Palestinian land -- condemned internationally , and seen as an obstacle to peace by many within Israel . "  That is the land of Israel and we are going to stay there forever , " Sharon declared defiantly . As defense minister he was the architect of Israel 's disastrous 1982 war in Lebanon , ordering the invasion to stop the Palestine Liberation Organization from using Lebanon as a base for attacks on Israel . "  This was a misadventure , an ill-fated invasion , " commented political analyst David Horovitz . "  Sharon was trying to play superpower here and re-arrange the region in a way that would help Israel . " And in 1983 , an Israeli tribunal found him indirectly responsible for the massacre of hundreds of Palestinians at Sabra and Shatila refugee camps in Lebanon . It was carried out by the Christian Phalangist militia group , Israel 's allies , and Sharon was found to have done nothing to stop it . He was forced to resign and was banned from ever being defense minister , a punishment that rankled even with the thick-skinned Sharon . "  He felt betrayed , he felt betrayed by government , " said Gissin . In the Arab world they called him the Butcher of Beirut . "  He was resented , hated , he had not only blood on his hands he had a trail of blood everywhere he went , " said Ashrawi . "  Sharon was the most bloodiest of Israeli leaders . " The 1990s would see his political rehabilitation , eventually becoming leader of his party in 1999 . In September of that year came his notorious visit to the Temple Mount -- the holiest site for Jews , also claimed by Muslims as Haram al-Sharif , the "  Noble Sanctuary . " Violence soon erupted ; Palestinians claim it was the spark that brought about the Second Intifada or uprising . "  You do n't bring thousands of border guards and police onto the Haram al-Sharif ground at a time when it is clear that the situation was simmering ... was a powder keg ready to erupt , " said Ashrawi . But historian Michael Oren said there was more to the move than met the eye . "  Sharon 's visit to the Temple Mount had been co-ordinated with the Palestinian Authority at the time . They knew about it , there was no surprise about it ; they were simply waiting for him to go up to intiate their terrorist war . " In the violence that followed , Sharon was elected prime minister ; and Israelis again turned to the Bulldozer , who promised to bring peace and security . Later he was asked how he managed such a remarkable comeback from the political grave . "  Maybe they try to bury me too early , " he told CNN , laughing , "  and ah , maybe not deep enough -- what can I tell you ? " As a wave of suicide bombings rocked Israel , Sharon unleashed the Israeli military , sending tanks and troops into Palestinian towns , ordering assassinations of Palestinian militant leaders . "  And believe me , we show restraint . I am under heavy pressure to act differently . " Palestinians of course , had a different view . "  I think Sharon will be seen in history as the one who has perpetrated the must cruelty on the Palestinians , " said Ashrawi . Sharon ordered the construction of the barrier through the West Bank and confined Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to his compound in Ramallah -- accusing him of encouraging attacks on Israel . In 2001 , he told CNN , "  no doubt Arafat is a terrorist . " Previously he had said he always regretted not killing his old foe when he had the chance . But Horovitz said Sharon 's decision was made out of fear of what might have happened . "  I think Sharon only refrained from killing Arafat reluctantly only because of a promise he made to the American government that he would n't kill him and because of an assessment by some in the Israeli intelligence community that more Jews would die if Arafat was killed . " As the violence continued , Israelis overwhelmingly re-elected him for a second term in January 2003 . Not long after Sharon made an historic announcement : Israel would give up Jewish settlements in Gaza and part of the West Bank . Sharon sent in the police and army to drag settlers from their homes , a move that earned him plaudits overseas , but derision and death threats from the settlers who once saw him as their champion . A small group of political rebels stirred up trouble within Likud , and by the end of 2005 , Sharon had had enough . He bolted from his party , and established a new centrist group , called Kadima , Hebrew for "  forward . " Early opinion polls showed Sharon on track for a third term in office , but the man who many had thought was unstoppable , unexpectedly suffered a mild stroke in December 18 , 2005 . Characteristically , he tried to brush over his illness . "  He felt he had to come as quickly as he could smiling on his own two feet , " commented analyst Horovitz , "  otherwise he would be a political lame duck . " Two weeks later , he was back in the same intensive care unit at Hadassah University Hospital in Jerusalem , after suffering a second stroke -- but this time it was more serious . He underwent three emergency operations in 24 hours when doctors later tried to wake him from the medically induced coma . There were some signs of life -- slight movement of his hands and legs -- but little else . He has remained in a coma ever since . Questions were asked : did the prime minister receive the best medical treatment , why did he rush back to work after the first stroke ? Eventually though , well-wishers and news crews left the hospital , the business of government resumed , and Israelis accepted that Sharon was not coming back .	Sharon was a force in Israel for decades Many Israelis saw him as a fearless leader Palestinians viewed him as ruthless
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Will the recount state become the re-primary state ? Will voters in Michigan have their say in picking a Democratic candidate for president ? Michigan 's Democratic Gov. Jennifer Granholm , shown in 2006 , called for her state 's delegates to be seated . Political leaders in Florida and Michigan are talking about making sure voters in their states are included when it comes to choosing the Democratic nominee . The discussions are unfolding amid a grueling , delegate-by-delegate fight between Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York and Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois . The national Democratic Party stripped Florida and Michigan of their delegates to the national convention after the states moved up the dates of their primary elections . That means votes that were cast in primaries in those states will not translate into delegates awarded to one candidate or the other in the contest for the Democratic nomination for president . Watch Florida 's mounting frustration " Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean said the states can either come up with a new plan to choose a slate of delegates or appeal to the party 's credentials committee when the convention opens in August . "  The rules were set a year and a half ago . Florida and Michigan voted for them and then decided that they did n't need to abide by the rules . When you 're in a contest you do need to abide by the rules , " he said Thursday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " The national Democratic Party stripped Florida -- epicenter of the 2000 election debacle -- of its 210 national convention delegates as punishment for the state 's decision to move its party primaries to January 29 . Michigan received the same treatment after moving its primary date to January as well , losing its 156 convention delegates . On Wednesday , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican , and Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm , a Democrat , called on the Democratic National Committee to seat their states ' delegations . They accused the party in a statement of silencing "  the voices of 5,163,271 Americans " who voted in their primaries . "  It is intolerable that the national political parties have denied the citizens of Michigan and Florida their votes and voices at their respective national conventions , " they wrote . Speaking on CNN 's "  American Morning , " Crist -- who signed the bill that changed Florida 's primary date -- pointed fingers outside the state . "  People should be heard and not party bosses in Washington , " he said . "  This is about common sense and people having the right to vote . It is unconscionable that people 's votes will not count . They should count . " Wednesday night in Washington , Democratic House members from Florida and Michigan met for about an hour to talk about possibilities that would lead to delegations from those states influencing the outcome of the Democratic nominating contest . "  Both delegations feel very , very strongly -- adamantly -- that our delegations be seated at the national conventions , " said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Shultz of Florida . Rep. Sander Levin of Michigan said he 's not sure of the best way to resolve the dispute but that voters from Florida and Michigan should have their voters counted . "  I think the key is the voice of Michigan and Florida is heard and there 's a procedure that is fair to the residents and fair to the two candidates , " he said . Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan suggested Wednesday that his state could hold caucuses to select its delegates . Participants declined to say whether there is general agreement on a way forward -- for example , whether the two states should redo the votes there or use results from the previous primaries . They pledged to continue discussions , though no formal meeting has been scheduled . The national Republican Party also penalized Florida and Michigan , but cut each state 's allocation in half rather than stripping them entirely . Because Arizona Sen. John McCain clinched the GOP nomination Tuesday night , any fight over seating Florida and Michigan 's delegates will matter little to the GOP race . Clinton , the New York senator and former first lady , was the only leading Democrat to appear on ballots in Michigan and made a handful of allowed fund-raising appearances in Florida in the last days before the vote , while other candidates skipped the state . She won both contests . Now , as she trails Obama by 100-plus delegates , Clinton has called for the Michigan and Florida delegations to be seated at the party 's convention in Denver , Colorado . The Democrats ' next big primary is seven weeks away in Pennsylvania , where 158 delegates are at stake . Adding new contests to the mix could prolong the Democrats ' heated battle for the nomination while giving McCain more freedom to focus on November 's general election . Crist told CNN 's "  Late Edition " on Sunday that he supported holding another primary to resolve the dispute . But Wednesday , he said the state would not pay for a second contest . The Florida Democratic Party estimates that a new primary could cost as much as $ 18 million -- and Sen. Bill Nelson said the DNC should pick up the tab . "  There 's no way the state legislature is going to fund another election when they are in economic cardiac arrest right now , " said Nelson , a Florida Democrat . "  They are cutting payments to health care , education , social services and payments to the cities and counties . "  There 's no way that they 're going find an additional $ 18 million to fund another election , nor should they . This should n't be the burden of the taxpayers of Florida -- this should be the burden of the Democratic National Committee . " Party officials have said they will not pay for Florida to hold a new primary because they warned the state not to move up its primary . "  The Democratic nominee will be determined in accordance with party rules , " Dean said . But he emphasized that his goal was to maintain party unity , and called the statement by Crist and Granholm "  good news . " "  We look forward to receiving their proposals , should they decide to submit new delegate selection plans , and will review those plans at that time , " he said . But Nelson said the party 's stance was unfair , since it was Republican lawmakers in Tallahassee and a Republican governor , Crist , who decided to move up the state 's primary over the opposition of Democrats . If the state 's decision to move the primary remains controversial , it pales in comparison to a bill two Florida state senators are discussing . Sen. Nan Rich , a Clinton backer , is proposing that the state remove the party 's eventual presidential nominee from the state 's ballot unless it seats Florida 's delegates . "  That 's one option , " Rich said . Legal scholars say they doubt removing the Democratic or Republican nominee 's name from the ballot would be constitutional . But state Senate Democratic leader Steve Geller said he had been approached by Republicans promoting the bill . Geller said it is a sign of how bitter the fight over the delegates has become and how deep the self-inflicted wounds are among Democrats , calling it "  a typical Democratic firing squad . " "  We 're lining up in a circle , " he said . "  Maybe we 're aiming low and shooting ourselves in the feet instead , but this makes no sense to me . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ted Barrett in Washington contributed to this report .	Florida , Michigan leaders call on national party to seat states ' delegations Party stripped states of delegates after states moved up their primaries Candidates agreed not to campaign there ; Obama was n't on Michigan ballot Howard Dean : Michigan , Florida knew the rules
CNN  -- For some fans , tailgating is something to do before a football game . For others , a football game is something to do after tailgating . It 's a religion at various schools , complete with copious amounts of food , games and flat-screen TVs . Even though the weather is cooling off , tailgating season is still heating up . We 're months away from the beginning of the Bowl Championship Series , which begins on January 1 with the Rose Bowl and ends on January 10 with the BCS National Championship . Until then , the best college programs in the country are still fighting for a spot in one of the highly competitive bowl games . And the fans are there every game , diligently camped out for hours -- sometimes days -- to show their support for the home team . CNN.com , with the help of experts at Sports Illustrated , chose five football programs with top tailgating institutions worth a trip . 1 . Louisiana State University Tigers -- Baton Rouge , Louisiana Tailgating is of prime importance at LSU , and the ritual continues throughout generations of Tiger fans . "  It 's a tradition we want to pass down to our children , " says Rusty Welch , the creator of Tigertailgating.com . "  We want them to see the camaraderie and spirit that 's centered around the game . " Welch has been tailgating in the same spot before every home game for 19 years . He and his companions prepare everything from fried shrimp to whole pigs to white chili , changing the menu with every game . "  People in Louisiana take very seriously our food and our football , " says Randy Rosetta , a football reporter for The Advocate , Baton Rouge 's newspaper . "  Tailgating is a perfect opportunity to wed those two seven or eight times a year . " The tailgate begins on Thursday night for some diehard fans . Motor homes descend upon Baton Rouge and surround the stadium , setting up camp for the weekend . Season parking sells out quickly , but some spots are available on a game-by-game basis . Walking through the tailgate area offers some of the benefits of actually tailgating . You 'll smell smoke -- either hickory or mesquite -- and bourbon , and if you 're lucky , you 'll get invited to partake in a tailgate already in progress . "  We try to invite the visiting teams to our tailgate as they stroll by , because eventually we 'll be going to their campuses , " Welch says . "  You hope you meet somebody who will reciprocate . " A few hours before the game begins , Victory Hill houses a procession for the team and coaches . Fans press in on both sides , cheering the team as it heads to the stadium . "  It 's a Louisiana thing , " Rosetta says . "  People love to have their parties . It can be a football game . It can be if the sun comes up two days in a row . Football is the heart and soul for a lot of people , and they love to combine an eating party and football . " Check out other great destinations and tips at Five To Go 2 . Auburn Tigers -- Auburn , Alabama There are two types of tailgates taking place at Auburn , though both have the same goal in mind . "  There 's the students who do it in their front yards , then there 's the people who get in their RVs and drive from all over the South and make a whole weekend out of it , " says David Morrison , a sports reporter for the Opelika-Auburn News . "  It 's not just a game here . It 's a cultural happening . " As soon as classes let out on Friday , people begin marking their tailgating areas to claim a spot for the game . Mike Clardy , director of university communications for Auburn , estimates that 20,000 or so people show up on game weekends with no intention of actually going to the game . Morrison says the atmosphere gives off an "  oddly familial vibe for a college tailgating scene . " Even if the University of Alabama , Auburn 's biggest rival , is the visiting team , the Tiger tailgaters invite the opposing fans to come to their cookouts , Clardy says . Fans can expect to find lots of barbecue and souped up RVs , complete with fully functioning entertainment systems for watching the pre-game coverage and other college football games . Two hours before the start of a game , the team arrives on buses and walks through the thousands of people lining the street toward the stadium -- a practice that , due to its popularity , takes place at away games as well . "  I do n't think there 's a better place to tailgate and a better atmosphere for college football than right here at Auburn , " Clardy says . "  I think away teams would agree . " 3 . Notre Dame Fighting Irish -- South Bend , Indiana Though independent of a conference , Notre Dame is steeped in football tradition , and , along with it , tailgating tradition . It 's smaller than many Southeastern Conference and Big 10 schools , but Notre Dame sees a surge of people on campus for game day . "  We have a fairly small student body -- maybe 10,000 people , " says Samuel Warner , a football beat writer and assistant managing editor for The Observer , Notre Dame 's student newspaper . "  But on game days there are as many as 100,000 people on campus . " Game day really kicks off at midnight on Friday with the Midnight Drummer 's Circle , when the drum line plays through the cheers at the Golden Dome on campus . Even before that , however , people are lined up taking pictures of Touchdown Jesus , a nickname given to the Word of Life Mural painted on the side of the Hesburgh Library . "  Jesus has both of his arms raised , " Warner says . "  It looks like he 's signaling a touchdown . " Starting at 8 a.m. on Saturday , the band plays continually around campus . The players attend Mass and are cheered on by fans on their walk from the basilica to the stadium . Many of the pre-game rituals take place around campus , with tailgating interspersed throughout the town . "  Notre Dame is such a legacy school , " Warner says . "  I have friends that are third or fourth generation graduates . ... Tradition is so ingrained in Notre Dame football that it kind of carries over to the tailgating . " 4 . University of Washington Huskies -- Seattle , Washington The scenery of Lake Washington adds a unique element to the Huskies ' tailgating experience : fans can spend their time on the water before a game . "  You can actually tie up to a dock that 's a few blocks from the stadium , " says Kyle Griffith , a Washington alumnus . "  People take big charter boats that can hold several hundred people or they have their own boats . " Tailgaters cook out and make drinks on their boats , interacting with other boaters close by . Some do n't fare as well on the water as others . "  Every year , during at least one game , somebody will fall into the water , " Griffith says . "  Nobody gets hurt ... but that 's a sight to see . " When it 's close to game time , shuttle boats pick up fans that are tied up to buoys and transport them to the docks , which are within short walking distance to the stadium . Of course , there are dry land tailgaters as well -- in greater numbers than the ones using boats . "  It 's more of an adult crowd than you would find at a lot of schools , " says Bob Condotta , a football reporter for The Seattle Times . "  About 7,000 students get tickets to every game out of about 70,000 fans . " Hundreds of RVs are set up in parking lots , where , weather permitting , fans grill out and play typical tailgating games . "  The University of Washington , compared to other Pac 10 schools , is definitely regarded as having one of the most intense and passionate fan bases , " Condotta says . 5 . Pennsylvania State Nittany Lions -- State College , Pennsylvania State College , Pennsylvania , is a small town smack dab in the middle of the state . Surrounded by fields and fields of farmland , Penn State 's grounds make room for plenty of tailgating . "  If you were at Beaver Stadium and looked out toward the farms , you 'd just see cars and cars and cars of tailgaters , " says Brendan Monahan , a football beat reporter for The Daily Collegian , Penn State 's student newspaper . Though State College has a population of just under 40,000 , the stadium seats more than 100,000 , packing the fields with fans . "  There 's a certain escape that comes with the workweek ending , coming up here on a fall weekend and parking in the middle of a grass field to set up your tailgate , " says Greg Myford , associate athletic director for marketing and communications at Penn State . Alumni , students and families make home contests into a weekend event , full of games , cheers and food . "  I think if it goes on the grill , it 's fair game , " Myford says . "  We 're seeing food that at least psychologically is making people stay warmer if they eat it . " The team arrives at Beaver Stadium about an hour and a half before every game , and the quarterback is always the first off the bus . The sound of cowbell clinks alternates with resounding cheers of "  P-S-U ! " Myford says that walking through the fields of tailgaters shows him how committed the fans are to the program and the traditions . "  The amount of prep put into a tailgate is a real statement as to how they feel about the experience , " Myford says . "  We do n't want to lose sight of that or diminish the value of it . How they tailgate outside is a reflection of how they feel about Penn State inside . "	Tailgating is a tradition at many colleges , passed down from generation to generation Many tailgates include games , food and an entertainment system At the University of Washington , fans can tailgate on the water Tigers fans -- both Auburn 's and LSU 's -- invite opposing teams to their tailgates
CNN  -- The U.S. government moved to block the proposed merger of beer giant Anheuser-Busch InBev with Mexico 's Grupo Modelo on Thursday , with a Justice Department official calling it "  a bad deal for American consumers . " ABI already owns about half of Modelo , which brews the popular Corona brand . The Justice Department 's antitrust lawsuit accuses ABI of trying to eliminate "  a significant competitive threat " from Modelo 's Corona brands by purchasing the rest of the Mexican company for a proposed $ 20.1 billion . That deal would boost ABI 's share of the U.S. beer market grow from about 39 % to 46 % , the lawsuit states . Add that to the 29 % already controlled by No. 2 brewer MillerCoors , and two companies would split about three-quarters of the $ 80 billion field , said Bill Baer , the head of the Justice Department 's antitrust division . "  Beer prices have gone up in recent years because of this high concentration , " Baer said Thursday morning . "  ABI and MillerCoors have been able to drive prices up year after year . " Competition from Modelo forces the top two players "  to forego the full extent of the price increases that they would otherwise be able to get out of the market , " he said . Opinion : Do n't let big brewers win beer wars The effect has been particularly strong in states with large Latino populations , like California and Texas , the lawsuit states . And the complaint cites company documents that Justice says show ABI complaining about Modelo hindering their ability to raise prices . So letting the deal go ahead would be "  a bad deal for American consumers , " Baer said . ABI was created by the 2008 merger of the historic St. Louis-based brewer with Belgium 's InBev , producer of European brands like Stella Artois , Bass and Beck 's . A company statement called the antitrust suit "  inconsistent with the law , the facts and the reality of the marketplace . " "  We remain confident in our position , and we intend to vigorously contest the DOJ 's action in federal court , " the company said . But the lawsuit will mean the deal wo n't be completed by the end of March , it said . To avoid antitrust concerns , ABI had proposed selling off Modelo 's half-interest in its U.S. importer . But Justice argued that would produce only "  a facade of competition " while eliminating a "  a particularly aggressive competitor " from the market . Baer said the Justice Department and ABI had "  frank and candid " discussions with the company over the merger , "  but at the end of the day , we were just too far apart . " More beer news on Eatocracy	Justice tries to block Budweiser , Corona brewers from merging Anheuser-Busch InBev already owns half of Grupo Modelo Justice official calls it "  a bad deal for American consumers " ABI calls the case "  inconsistent with the law , the facts and the reality of the marketplace "
SARAJEVO , Bosnia-Herzegovina  CNN  -- The outbreak of war seemed like a joke to Jasmina , then just 19 years old . She dreamed of being an economist and says she played with her toddler son and baby daughter as if they were toys . Jasmina says she was raped repeatedly during the rule of Radovan Karadzic : "  Every day we were raped . " But in April 1992 , the Serb soldiers took over her city of Bijeljina , in northeast Bosnia near the border with Serbia , and began to kill , torture and terrorize the Muslims there in a brutal campaign of ethnic cleansing . "  Whole families were disappearing during the night . Sometimes we could see their bodies in the gardens , sometimes not even that , " Jasmina said . "  The men from my family were beaten up the first day . ... My mother just disappeared . I never found out what happened . " Paramilitaries loyal to Arkan , the Serbian ultranationalist later indicted for crimes against humanity , came to the home Jasmina shared with her husband and extended family to search for valuables and weapons . When they found no guns they started beating her husband , said Jasmina who asked CNN not to use her last name to protect her children . "  Then they started torturing me . I lost consciousness . When I woke up , I was totally naked and covered in blood , and my sister-in-law was also naked and covered in blood . ... I knew I had been raped , and my sister-in-law , too . " In a corner , she saw her mother-in-law , holding her children and crying . "  That same day we were locked in our house . That was the worst , the worst period of my whole life . That 's when it started . "  Every day we were raped . Not only in the house -- they would also take us to the front line for the soldiers to torture us . Then again in the house , in front of the children , " Jasmina said through a translator , remembering the 10 other women who were brutalized with her . "  I was in such a bad condition that sometimes I could n't even recognize my own children . Even though I was in a very bad physical condition they had no mercy at all . They raped me every day . They took me to the soldiers and back to that house . "  The only conversation we had was when I was begging them to kill me . That 's when they laughed . Their response was ` we do n't need you dead . ' " Once at the front line , there were female soldiers who tortured her with a bottle and then slashed at her throat and wrist when it broke . Then the troops cut one of her breasts with a bayonet , said Jasmina , now looking older than her 35 years . "  It lasted for a year . Every day . ... Not all the women survived . " Tens of thousands of women were raped in Bosnia and the other parts of the former Yugoslavia between 1992 and 1994 during the rule of Radovan Karadzic , according to estimates by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . See a timeline of Karadzic 's rule " Karadzic was captured this week after years on the run and now will face war crimes charges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia . The tribunal , set up to try war crimes suspects , established for the first time that rape was a crime against humanity and that rape was "  used by members of the Bosnian Serb armed forces as an instrument of terror . " For Jasmina , some relief came one day in 1993 when a familiar face , an older Serb who had been a friend of her parents , appeared at the house where she was being kept . Jasmina was told he had bought her as a prostitute but , once in a car with him , the man said he was saving her . "  I owe this to your parents , " he said . He drove Jasmina and her children to the front lines , gave something to the Serb soldiers there and directed her toward the Bosnian position , saying , "  now you are free to go . " "  I was very weak . I weighed only 45 kilos -LSB- 99 pounds -RSB- . I carried both my children for more than a kilometer to the Bosnian side . " Jasmina was safe but scarred . "  I felt ashamed . I wanted to die , to disappear somehow . I could n't take care of my children ; others did that . I just did n't have the strength or the will . " A new low came when doctors began to treat her in one of the refugee centers around the city of Tuzla . "  They discovered that I was pregnant , six months pregnant , and I did n't know that . It was too late for any abortion , but I kept saying I did n't want that child . " The gynecologist pleaded with Jasmina to have the child and give it up for adoption , saying it was too dangerous to try anything else . But that was no option for Jasmina . "  I did n't want to hear about that , about giving birth to that child at all . " Finally , medics said they could try to abort the child but it was a very risky operation that only one in 100 women would survive . "  I begged them to do it , " Jasmina said , pausing to remember an 18-year-old girl who had the same operation on the same day as her and died . Jasmina herself continues to have gynecological health problems stemming from her abuse . Months later , her husband arrived at the same refugee center after managing to escape a camp in Serbia . A man he broke out with was killed by a mine . "  It was such a difficult moment for me . I was n't even sure if I wanted him to be dead or alive . I knew that he knew what had happened to me , so it was very , very difficult for me , " Jasmina said . "  I thought he was going to leave me and take my children because of everything that happened . But he told me he was not going to ask me about anything . And that he also went through terrible things himself , so he did n't want to discuss anything . " Yet still she says she can not look her husband in the eye . Jasmina said she was unable to talk to the therapists in Tuzla and tried to kill herself in 1995 , the first of three suicide attempts . "  I will never be OK , " she said , adding that she believes God kept her alive for a reason . She now lives in a modestly furnished apartment in a tower block in Sarajevo , the capital of Bosnia-Herzegovina . She has been there since 2001 with her husband and children . Her dreams now are for her children . She believes it 's crucial she give them some stability but says that 's impossible when she does n't know from day to day whether she will be evicted . She does not own the apartment , and all property must be returned to rightful owners under the terms of an annex to the U.S.-brokered peace agreement that ended the war . The same pact allows for the return of all refugees and displaced people -- more than half of the country 's people left their homes during the war , according to the International Organization for Migration -- and the re-establishment of the mixed ethnic communities that had lived peacefully for centuries before the war . The Office of the High Representative for Bosnia-Herzegovina , an international body set up to oversee the implementation of the peace agreements , says almost all property rights have been restored . But it is impossible to say how many people have gone home and how many have sold their houses , leaving cities and towns like Bijeljina "  ethnically cleansed , " as the warmongers had planned . A law enacted in September 2006 does include a section that says homes should be provided for victims of sexual torture during the war . It is not clear who should implement the act , and there is no agency making sure the law is enforced , according to the Ministry for Human Rights and Refugees . Meanwhile , authorities say Jasmina should return to her mother-in-law 's rebuilt house in Bijeljina . But she says she will never go back to the place where she lost 39 members of her family and where her abuse began . It is a fear shared by other women , according to Alisa Muratcaus , the president of the Association of Concentration Camp Survivors -- Canton Sarajevo -- a group that offers classes and other support to Jasmina and 1,200 other women across the capital , including 150 victims of mass rape . "  Many of our members must deal with the realities of return . Not all members are able psychologically to return to regions in which they suffered such extreme human rights abuses , " she said . "  No one raped woman has returned to their pre-war houses , since it is immoral and inhuman to request their return while the war criminals who tortured them are still free and live in these regions . " The Sarajevo municipality that owns Jasmina 's apartment says that it does not plan to evict her and that any such directive would come from the Ministry for Human Rights and Refugees . Saliha Djuderija , head of the Ministry 's Department of Human Rights , said she was aware of victims who could not face returning to the places where they were tortured and was working on a solution . In the past couple of years , between 15 and 20 women have been given somewhere to live , but lack of funding is restricting the help that can be given . Priority was given to women who testified against their attackers , and Jasmina is not in that group , as her case is still unsolved . But if her future is in doubt , Jasmina 's mind is made up . "  I 'm not going to take my children to Bijeljina . I told my children when I die , do n't take my bones to Bijeljina . I do n't want to hear about Bijeljina . It does n't exist for me , " she said , flashing anger for the first time in a lengthy interview . Then she shows a picture of her daughter , a beautiful young woman , but even that causes Jasmina pain as she remembers how the soldiers picked her out . "  I was beautiful once . It cost me my life . "	Bosnian Muslim woman was raped daily while held by Serb soldiers during war Jasmina says she begged for late-term abortion of attacker 's baby after she escaped Still traumatized , she says she never wants to return to her former home city But Bosnian government policy may send her back there , she fears
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A local court has set free a teenage boy after finding him guilty of stealing a policeman 's sandals in a case that caused furor among Indonesians frustrated with perceived injustices against the poor and defenseless . The 15-year-old could have spent five years in jail for the alleged offense . He is accused of stealing the sandals from a boarding house where the cop was staying in November 2010 but was brought to trial only last month . Indonesia 's Child Protection Commission decried the verdict on Wednesday , noting that the sandals presented as evidence in the court did not belong to the policeman , a fact he affirmed in court . The Commission 's secretary , Muhammad Ihsan , said in a statement to CNN , "  This verdict is controversial and it hurts people 's hearts . The court could not prove it , but they still gave him a guilty verdict . To be on the safe side , the boy was returned to his parents . But the verdict will be a life-long scar on the boy because he will always be considered a sandal thief . "  The judge took a safe stand between pressure between two sides , pressure from the police and prosecutor , and pressure from the public and the media . This is a country with a thousand faces , " the commission said . To protest the charges against the boy , a campaign to gather a thousand flip-flops began on December 28 . Students , teachers , construction workers , public transport drivers and lawyers among others dropped off pairs of sandals at centers set up around the country . "  Two high school students came here , took off the sandals they were wearing and walked home barefoot , " said Budhi Kurniawan , of the non-governmental organization SOS Children 's Villages and who helped start the campaign after hearing about the case . "  We came up with the idea of a thousand sandals which we see as being the symbol of resistance also as compensation for the sandals that was allegedly stolen , " Kurniawan said . The sandals were intended for the policeman who lost his pair "  so he does n't have to buy another pair for the rest of his life , " Kurniawan added . The response was overwhelming . About 1,300 pairs of used and brand new sandals were collected , as calls to donate spread through BlackBerry Messenger , Facebook and Twitter . Organizers had earlier said the campaign would end only when the boy was acquitted . To express disappointment over the verdict , the sandals would be given to different government institutions instead , Kurniawan said on Thursday -- namely the national police , the attorney general 's office , the Supreme Court , the Justice and Human Rights Ministry and juvenile detention centers . The boy 's parents are also considering an appeal , he added . Before Wednesday 's verdict , national police spokesman Col. Boy Rafli Amar told CNN it had been the boy 's parents who wanted to bring the case to trial . "  In this situation , the advice from the police was for the parents to give their son more attention and guidance , but this was n't accepted by the parents , and they wanted the legal action to be taken . " The Child Protection Commission , however , said the parents had filed a complaint with the Palu police after the alleged victim , 1st Brig. Ahmad Rusdi Harahap , and another colleague interrogated the boy . The parents allege the policemen beat up the boy and forced him to admit to the theft . The parents , according to the commission , wanted a case filed against those policemen . Both were given disciplinary action , said Rafli , the national police spokesman . According to Ihsan of the Commission , the police should have prioritized intervention and rehabilitation since the alleged offender is a minor . There have been numerous cases of minors brought to court over petty crimes . Last year a 12 year-old-boy was tried and later acquitted for allegedly stealing loudspeakers from a mosque in West Java . Another 14-year-old was detained and charged for allegedly stealing a cell phone top up card worth $ 1.50 . According to the Commission , in 2011 alone , 6,273 minors were reported to be serving time in jail , some of them in adult prisons . The goal is to get all juveniles out of prison and change the laws governing minor offenders , Ihsan said . A bill on the protection of children 's rights is under deliberation and expected to pass this year in parliament . "  The commission is pushing to abolish juvenile punishment in Indonesia . We hope it will be included in the bill . It means that first the child needs to be returned to their parents for guidance , then given training and education , and the harshest would be rehabilitation with the right intervention . We 're not asking that more juvenile facilities be built . We do n't want minors in jail , " Ihsan explained . This also is not the first time Indonesians have rallied around a victim of perceived injustice . Public pressure from a similar campaign in 2009 , "  Coins for Prita , " helped a housewife escape criminal liability for complaining in a private e-mail about a hospital 's service .	Indonesia 's Child Protection Commission decries verdict Wednesday Commission notes that sandals presented in court were not policeman 's Campaign kicked off last month to donate sandals in protest They were meant for policeman who accused boy of theft
Marsha Shapiro and Louise Walpin married each other for the third time early Monday . But this time , it was especially memorable : They were among the first to tie the knot after same-sex marriage became legal in New Jersey . A rabbi first "  married " the couple in 1992 in a Jewish ceremony . They married a second time in New York in August 2012 after same-sex marriage became legal there . The third time was just after midnight Thursday in the Garden State . The couple helped pave the way there through a 2011 lawsuit that brought about the change . New Jersey now becomes the 14th state to recognize gay marriages . Shapiro and Walpin were married in the home of state Sen. Raymond Lesniak , who championed same-sex marriage in the legislature . Throughout the state other gay couples exchanged vows in early morning ceremonies . At the Newark City Hall , Mayor Cory Booker married seven couples , two of them heterosexual . He had refused to conduct any marriage ceremonies until same-sex marriages were legal in the state . "  It is officially past midnight , " Booker said . "  Marriage is equal in New Jersey . " Chris Christie drops challenge to same-sex marriages High court clears the way On Friday , the New Jersey Supreme Court denied the state 's request to temporarily prevent such marriages . Troy Stevenson , executive director of the gay rights group Garden State Equality , said last week that the high court 's decision means "  the door is open for love , commitment and equality under the law . " "  This is a huge victory for New Jersey 's same-sex couples and their families , " added Hayley Gorenberg , deputy legal director of gay rights group Lambda Legal and the organization 's lead attorney on the case . "  Take out the champagne glasses -- wedding bells will soon be ringing in New Jersey ! " That enthusiasm was not shared by everyone . "  It is extremely disappointing that the New Jersey Supreme Court has allowed the ruling of an activist judge to stand pending its appeal through the court system , " said Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , last week . "  All in all , today 's ruling is another sad chapter in watching our courts usurp the rights of voters to determine issues like this for themselves . " Gov. Chris Christie 's administration appealed , and asked the court to delay , a lower court 's September 27 order that the state must allow same-sex couples to marry beginning October 21 , rather than give them the label "  civil union . " The appeal will be heard in January . But the state Supreme Court on Friday declined to delay the September order in the meantime , writing that "  the state has not shown a reasonable probability that it will succeed on the merits " of the appeal . "  When a party presents a clear case of ongoing unequal treatment , and asks the court to vindicate constitutionally protected rights , a court may not sidestep its obligation to rule for an indefinite amount of time , " the 20-page decision read . "  Under those circumstances , courts do not have the option to defer . " Where sex-same marriage is legal New Jersey has recognized civil unions between same-sex couples since 2007 , after the New Jersey Supreme Court ruled that the state must allow same-sex couples all the rights and benefits of marriage . As far as state rights and benefits went , civil unions and marriages differed only in label . Three states offer civil unions , but not marriage , to same-sex couples . They are Colorado , Hawaii and Illinois . Same-sex marriage is now legal in 14 U.S states -- California , Connecticut , Delaware , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington -- as well as the District of Columbia . Same-sex marriage is banned in every state not mentioned above , except for New Mexico , which has no laws banning or allowing it .	Newark mayor conducts marriages of several same-sex couples A court denied the state 's request to temporarily prevent such marriages last week New Jersey has allowed same-sex civil unions since 2007
San Francisco  CNN  -- In the world of gaming , money does n't necessarily buy respect . Online games designed to be played on Facebook , called "  social games " in industry jargon , have multiplied in the last few years , since the world 's largest social network introduced a Web platform for friend-enhanced applications . But even at a time when Zynga Game Network , which makes the wildly popular "  FarmVille , " is valued higher than software giant Electronic Arts , social games do n't have much street cred among hard-core gamers or industry veterans . A clearer picture of these dynamics emerged at last week 's Game Developers Conference in San Francisco , where CNN attended panels and interviewed designers and programmers . In the natural pecking order of game-making , visionaries like Nintendo 's Shigeru Miyamoto can attract followers that hang on his every word . But at the opposite end , creators of social games struggle to legitimize their work among their peers . This theme was pervasive enough to warrant its own panel at GDC . The hour-plus discussion was titled "  No Freaking Respect ! Social Game Developers Rant Back , " and it attracted a large audience . Scott Jon Siegel , a lead designer for Playdom , Disney 's social-game division , spent his time onstage feeding many of the stereotypes . Something changed two years ago that formed a storm cloud over the land of Facebook games , he said . "  One game changed the entire games industry , " Siegel said , standing in front of a silhouette of a cartoon farmer . "  And this game is ` Farm Town . ' " "  Farm Town " was a precursor to the more popular "  FarmVille " from Zynga . These games earn revenue by encouraging players to click on advertisements , or through micro-payments , in which players cough up real money in exchange for virtual goods , such as barns or livestock . "  This formula instills bad habits , " Siegel said . "  You 're doing ` making lots of money ' right . You 're doing ` engaging lots of users ' right , " he said , addressing developers . "  You 're not making good games . " Playdom introduced two new Facebook games during GDC . The company plans to release "  Deep Realms " -- a story-driven , role-playing game set in a medieval town -- on March 21 . About a week later , Playdom intends to debut a puzzle game called "  Gardens of Time . " One part is a "  hidden object " scavenger hunt , and another is a new take on those popular games in magazines or on bar machines that present two seemingly identical pictures and ask people to spot the differences between them . Eric Todd , the game 's creative director , said he put a lot of thought into themes for his game 's story , which involves members of an organization tasked with protecting the flow of time . Before Playdom , Todd worked on the complex computer game "  Spore , " in which players populate a new world with creatures they create . Mark Pincus , Zynga 's CEO and therefore the veritable king of social gaming , did n't attend his company 's GDC party or appear on any panels . Instead he dispatched chief designer Brian Reynolds , who defended his company 's work , saying that Zynga 's games -- most recently , "  FarmVille " spinoffs such as "  FrontierVille " and "  CityVille " -- help people keep in touch with friends . But that did n't stop other GDC attendees from criticizing the social-games trend . Nintendo President Satoru Iwata , in his keynote speech , commended competitors in the console arena but had no kind words for gaming on smartphones or social networks . Even so , rival Konami , a major Japanese console game company , is moving quickly to add social networking features . And two news media empires are making aggressive plays in the social-game space . News Corp. , which owns Fox , and DMGT , which owns several big UK sites , recently created divisions for publishing Facebook games . Gaming has outpaced other categories in its successful adoption of social networks , said Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg during an October announcement of his support for a venture capital fund dedicated to social apps . "  The games and stuff that have happened on this platform are just amazing . Zynga is a great example of this , " Zuckerberg said . "  Five years out , I think the world is going to look a lot more like Zynga . " For developers of social games , the challenge now is convincing skeptics that becoming Zynga is an honorable goal .	Facebook game developers say they 're sometimes put at the bottom of the pecking order That 's despite the fact that social-game business is very profitable Some critics consider social games money-driven rather than artistic
CNN  -- Norway 's police are facing tough questions over their response to last Friday 's terror attacks , in which 76 people died . First , Oslo was rocked by a huge blast outside government buildings , which left eight people dead . Less than two hours later , a gunman reached Utoya island , some 20 miles away , and proceeded to fire on the mostly teenage participants of a political summer camp for well over an hour . Reporters , particularly from the foreign press , have asked why it took an hour from the police first being alerted for armed officers to arrest the suspect , 32-year-old Anders Behring Breivik . Among their questions have been why a helicopter was not used to take elite officers to the scene , rather than them travelling by road , and whether problems with a police boat -- which meant civilian vessels had to be commandeered -- delayed the response . Some have also asked whether the response to the bombing in the Norwegian capital took priority over the Utoya alert , with emergency phone operators and resources already tied up as frantic calls started to come in from young people under fire on the island . Sissel Hammer , chief of police for the Nordre Buskerud district , which covers Utoya , told reporters Wednesday that her officers and members of an elite police unit had done their best to get to the island quickly . "  I do n't think we had any chance to be there faster than we made it , " she said . Responding to the situation in Utoya was "  the highest priority " for local police , and was not affected by events in Oslo , she said . Her staff had done a "  very demanding job " both during and after the event , she added . At the same press conference , Haavard Gaasbakk , who was a commander on the scene , described how he grabbed his equipment and raced to the embarkation point for Utoya when the alarm was raised . A problem with the engine of the police boat meant the 10 or so emergency personnel who had met there had to take two privately owned motor boats instead , he said . However , these made the 700-meter crossing of the deep Tyrifjorden lake faster than the police boat would have done , he said . As they approached , the police heard "  a lot of shooting " from the southern part of the wooded island , with gunshots "  coming fast and thick , " Gaasbakk said . Officers ran toward the shooting and were about 350 meters away , in very difficult terrain , when they started to shout to the suspect , he said . Suddenly they saw him in front of them with his hands above his head and his weapons -- a rifle and an automatic pistol -- on the ground . The gunman was arrested by one officer as the others sought to find out of whether he was working alone and started to give first aid to a "  conveyor belt " of the injured , Gaasbakk said . He spoke of his pride in the way police and local citizens rallied to help the injured . Hammer said an evaluation of the police response would be carried out later this year . A day earlier , police spokesman Johan Fredriksen rejected criticism of the police response to the massacre in Utoya . "  I do n't think this could have gone faster , " he said . "  I do n't see how that would be possible with the distance and with these conditions . We always try to be better but I do n't see how we could have done this faster . " He said the police had only one helicopter , which is kept at Gardemoen airfield north of Oslo , and that it would not have been suitable to transport a team of counter-terror officers from the capital to the scene . "  It took time to get the staff in . It was filled with irrelevant equipment for the purpose and has never been used for such operations , " he said of the helicopter . "  I am of the opinion it would not have been any quicker to use it . " The former police inspector for Oslo , Finn Abrahamsen , told Norwegian reporters he felt it was a pity the helicopter was on the ground on the day of the attack . Anstein Gjengedal , of Oslo police district -- which pays for the national police helicopter service from its budget -- acknowledged it was flying less hours than it used to because of budget constraints . Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg announced an independent commission of inquiry Wednesday , which he said would take an exhaustive look at what had happened and report back within a year on what lessons could be learned . But he rejected the suggestion that his country was naive and unready for potential attacks , saying Norway 's security forces were aware of the danger of violent attacks and were prepared for them . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Some reporters question the speed of the police response Police officials are defending their decisions The bomb blast in Oslo left 8 dead 68 were killed on Utoya
CNN  -- As the United States gears up for possible airstrikes inside Syria , it should remember one thing : No matter how much planning has gone into U.S. military plans to counter the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the Arab public is n't convinced that anything will change . Indeed , a look at Arab social and online media reveals something quite different : The more blistering the rhetoric from Washington , the more the region 's bloggers and Facebook users burst into laughter . This week , diplomats and leaders met in Paris to discuss the ISIS threat , a meeting that came a week after President Barack Obama 's speech outlining the U.S. strategy to defeat the group . The prevailing view in the Arab world seems to be that the President 's address was long on rhetoric and short on ideas for constructive action . Why this conclusion ? More than three years into Syria 's civil war , the United States has lost credibility after standing by as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad bombed and killed his own people , including the widely believed use of chemical weapons . After drawing a red line , Obama stepped back from military action , saying he needed the approval of Congress . He used similar rhetoric in his speech last week . In the newspaper Asharq al-Awsat , Abdulrahman al-Rashed spoke for many when he wrote : "  Truth be told , regional states have been calling on the international community -- particularly the United States -- for two years , asking them to cooperate in confronting these dangerous groups . Unfortunately , the White House has rejected these appeals . ...  T  he U.S. president was eventually forced to act following international pressure and after the atrocities committed by  ISIS  became too much to ignore . " Arab intellectuals recognize that over the last 30 years Islamist groups have been defeated only after local populations rejected their ideologies and violence . They understand that conventional military intervention and drone strikes are unlikely to eradicate ISIS , and that although ISIS has made enemies , it also could not have made its dramatic gains without at least tacit support from local populations . The United States exacerbated the problem of not winning over locals by upping and leaving before the political task had been completed . "  ISIS would not have become such a strong and widespread entity if the U.S. had n't pulled its troops from Iraq prior to addressing certain issues : Sunnis regaining their rights and dignity , limiting Iran 's interference , and completely eradicating al Qaeda , " commentator Saleh Al Qalab wrote . He is far from alone in this thinking . Many Sunni Arabs blame the United States not only for invading Iraq and creating fertile ground for extremism in the first place , but then making things worse by throwing its support behind the Shiite-led government of Nuri al-Maliki , whose sectarian leadership marginalized Sunnis . Remember , the earlier iteration of ISIS was al Qaeda in Iraq , which was responsible for a considerable share of the sectarian violence that swept the country after the U.S. invasion . "  Only idiots can not see that ISIS was created by the Americans , " Omar Dhahir argued in the Arab Times . "  It was the only way for it to regain the strength and influence it had lost in the Middle East . A closer look at the media indicates that ISIS is present everywhere , in countries where the U.S. has vested interests , but not in the U.S. itself . ... U.S. policy was never ethical or humane but it has now reached unprecedented levels of lack of shame . " Such condemnation has also found its voice through cartoonists and satirists who believe world powers are , quite frankly , impotent in the face of the militant group . Karl Sharro , a London-based Syrian commentator , came up with some humorous takes on the warnings emanating from leaders in Berlin and Paris -- "  We will hit ISIS on the nose with a big sausage and laugh loudly , " he mused as an apt quote for German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and , "  We will smack ISIS on the head and then push them in a puddle of mud , " for French President FranÃ § ois Hollande . Cartoons in the Arabic media have been just as scathing . One of the most popular shows Obama reaching his hand out to an injured Arab , telling him he wants to cooperate with the Islamic world . But the Arab in the cartoon is unable to shake hands because one arm has been severed at the elbow and his other arm is in a sling due to an injury sustained in Iraq . The message is clear : The United States has created so much violence in the region that there is no longer anyone still standing with whom it could effectively work . True -- officially at least -- some Arab governments have been a little more enthusiastic about the U.S. cause . Ten Arab nations signed up last week to join the fight against ISIS . But such vows are likely to meet a weary shrug of the shoulders among much of the public . As far as many are concerned , ISIS is n't go anywhere soon .	Arab public does n't have faith in U.S. military strategy for countering ISIS , authors say View is that President Obama 's speech on ISIS was long on rhetoric , short on ideas , they say Bloggers and commentators have been scathing about Western actions , writers say
CNN  -- Midway through his presidency , George W. Bush was asked by the journalist John Dickerson to name his biggest mistake since 9/11 and what he 'd learned from it . Here 's what he said : "  Hmmm ... I wish you 'd have given me this written question ahead of time so I could plan for it . Uhhh ...  six-second pause "  John , I 'm sure historians will look back and say , gosh , he could 've done it better this way or that way . Uhhh ...  five second pause  . You know , I just -- uhhh - I 'm sure something will pop into my head here in the midst of this press conference , with all the pressure of trying to come up with answer , but it had n't yet . ... " Bush then babbled about how he would not have done anything differently in Afghanistan , how Saddam Hussein was a bad guy and how he was confident the truth would come out about weapons of mass destruction  Well , he was right about that .  . After filling air and killing time with that nonsense , he tried to return to Dickerson 's question . But Bush 's eyes looked like a slot machine that had just hit BAR-APPLE-LEMON . He said : "  I hope -- I do n't want to sound like I have made no mistakes . I 'm confident I have . I just have n't -- heh , heh -- you just put me under the spot here , and maybe I 'm not as quick on my feet as I should be in coming up with one . " You can see it for yourself here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haQzdW7hg4A One of the biggest reasons Barack Obama is president -- and a Nobel Peace Prize winner -- is that he 's not George W. Bush . This week he proved that again . Whereas Bush could n't name a single mistake -- not , say , letting Osama bin Laden escape from Tora Bora , or refusing to allow weapons inspectors to ascertain that Saddam had no weapons of mass destruction , or backing economic policies that took the greatest budget surplus in American history and turned it into the biggest deficit in history -- Obama has stepped up . His statement on Tuesday was close , but no cigar . Refreshingly he acknowledged screw-ups and pledged to get to the bottom of the mistakes and correct them . He said , "  The system has failed in a potentially disastrous way . ... The intelligence community failed to connect those dots . " That was a good start , but it did n't go far enough for me -- nor , apparently , for our president . Because on Thursday he took full responsibility . "  Ultimately , " he said , "  the buck stops with me . As president , I have a solemn responsibility to protect our nation and our people , and when the system fails , it is my responsibility . " Hallelujah ! The president also released a report detailing the failures that allowed a man to very nearly kill 300 people on Christmas Day , he has ordered the government to enhance screening and detection , to increase the use of federal air marshals and to improve the dissemination and integration of intelligence . In short , our president is taking his responsibility to protect us more seriously than his political instinct to protect his own backside . What a change , what a relief , what a difference . In taking responsibility , Barack Obama did the right thing for our country and his presidency . He also showed that a skinny , thoughtful community organizer has a lot more guts than a blustering Ivy Leaguer posing as a cowboy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala recalls that George W. Bush could n't name his biggest mistake He says Bush administration never owned up for grave errors He says Obama set a refreshing tone by saying the buck stops with him Begala : In taking responsibility , Obama did right thing for the country
CNN  Some lawmakers in Oklahoma want to make Advanced Placement U.S. History history . What 's their beef ? The course , which was redesigned by the College Board and implemented in high school classrooms last year , is n't quite pro-America enough . "  In essence , we have a new emphasis on what is bad about America , " said state representative Dan Fisher , the measure 's chief sponsor . "  The new framework  trades an emphasis on America 's founding principles of Constitutional government in favor of robust analyses of gender and racial oppression and class ethnicity and the lives of marginalized people , where the emphasis on instruction is of America as a nation of oppressors and exploiters , " Fisher lamented at a legislative committee hearing Tuesday . Not only does HB 1380 -- which sailed through a committee hearing this week -- bar state funds from being used on AP History , the legislation specifies what should be taught in the classroom by specifically identifying dozens of "  documents , writings , speeches , proclamations and recordings related to the history , heritage and foundation of the United States " in the 10-page bill . What did Fisher single out ? Old standards such as The Gettysburg Address , Madison 's Federalist No. 10 and "  Common Sense " by Thomas Paine . The bill does n't totally avoid what Fisher called America 's "  blemishes " : He included Martin Luther King 's "  Letter from Birmingham Jail " essay and "  I Have a Dream " speech , as well as the "  Ballot or the Bullet " speech made by Malcolm X as part of the replacement curriculum . Fisher , a Republican , also singled out three speeches made by Ronald Reagan and one by George W. Bush as important enough to U.S. history to be added to the new curriculum , but none from from Barack Obama , Bill Clinton , or Jimmy Carter -- the last three Democratic presidents .	Bill would ban AP History in Oklahoma , replace it with new curriculum Sponsor : "  emphasis on instruction is of America as a nation of oppressors and exploiters "
CNN  -- It is when talking about her own children or grandchildren that Dottie Sandusky chokes up with emotion , when the pain of her husband 's conviction for sexually abusing young boys rises to the surface . "  We kept it from the kids as long as we could because we did not know what was going to happen , " said Dottie Sandusky , fighting back tears in an interview with CNN 's Jason Carroll . "  And that was really hard . We had to tell the kids , and the kids questioned their dad . And the kids talked to him and he told them and they believe their dad . " To Dottie Sandusky , the boys her husband Jerry was convicted of sexually molesting were manipulated . She blames a vast conspiracy , which included the media , for the conviction that sent the 70-year-old former Penn State assistant football coach to prison on a 30 - to 60-year sentence . Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted in 2012 on 45 counts , has maintained his innocence . He is appealing . The toll on the children in Sandusky clan , however , seems to preoccupy his wife the most . "  It 's been tough on our family , " she said . "  Two of our kids have lost their jobs during this time ... Our granddkids , some of them are older , old enough to understand what has gone on , and they know who their pop is , what people are saying that he is . But they know who he is . It 's been really hard on them . " The Pennsylvania trial featured the testimony of eight young men who said they were sexually abused by Sandusky -- either groped in a car , soaped by him in the shower or sexually assaulted on a basement waterbed . "  It was n't like he just took boys and took them to the shower , " Dottie Sandusky said . "  It was when he would work them out , and they would shower and it 's a public place . I mean , there 's people that come and go in the locker room all the time . " Asked whether she was deluding herself or unwilling to accept the truth , she said : "  I 'm not that kind of a person and I believe he 's innocent , and if I did n't believe he was innocent , I would not stand by him . " Sandusky ` was found guilty before trial , ' Dottie Sandusky says The scandal gripped the nation and ended a torturous chapter for the victims and Penn State 's vaunted football program -- including the dismissal of the late legendary coach Joe Paterno and one of America 's highest-paid university presidents , Graham Spanier . It also tarnished Penn State 's celebrated reputation in collegiate athletics and erased part of the Nittany Lions ' impressive record under Paterno from the annals of football history . John Ziegler , a Sandusky family confidant and documentary filmmaker , believes Penn State administrators railroaded Paterno by firing him in the wake of the scandal and making it virtually impossible for Sandusky to have a fair trial . "  When Joe Paterno was fired , it is a nuclear explosion that goes through the landscape of this case , " Ziegler told CNN . "  And because of that , Jerry Sandusky loses all presumption of innocence . " At the trial of her husband of 37 years , Dottie Sandusky testified that she never heard or saw anything strange or sexual in the basement of their home , where many of the victims say her husband molested them . The couple 's adopted son , Matt Sandusky , originally denied to a grand jury being abused , but later told his attorney that he , too , was a victim . In the police interview , Matt Sandusky said that he was molested between the ages of 8 and 15 , that he tried to escape from the home and once attempted suicide . Matt Sandusky , who was 18 when he was adopted , had earlier spent time with them in foster care . "  I do n't know whether somebody talked to him , or whether he saw money , " Dottie Sandusky said of their adopted son 's change of story . Asked whether she wanted to reconcile with her adopted son , Dottie Sandusky -- again referring to the family children -- said amid tears : "  I would like to talk to Matt . I really miss seeing his kids . They were a part of our lives . And , the hurt that they must be going through . I would love to talk to Matt just to see why and what . What his thoughts are . " She previously disputed his credibility , referring to Matt 's "  many run-ins with the law " in a letter to the judge who was about to sentence her husband in October 2012 . "  Matt is extremely disappointed that Dottie and the Sanduskys have decided to smear his character in an attempt to deflect attention from Jerry Sandusky 's heinous crimes , " his lawyers , Justine Andronici and Andrew Shubin , said in a statement to CNN at the time . "  Matt has shown tremendous courage and strength . Rather than supporting her son when he made the gut-wrenching decision to come forward and tell the truth about the abuse he suffered at the hands of Jerry Sandusky , Dottie Sandusky has chosen to continue Jerry 's strategy of blaming and attacking the victims , thereby perpetuating the abuse . " Lawyers for two victims recently responded to Dottie Sandusky 's latest comments . "  Mrs. Sandusky is our best recent example of our deep denial of the reality of child sex abuse , " attorney Marci Hamilton said.Â "  Never underestimate the ability of a pedophile to charm and deceive the adults around him or her . " Attorney Tom Kline said , "  Dott  ie  Sandusky , like her husband , remains remarkably unremorseful towards Jerry Sandusky 's victims . One significant and noticeable difference is her dramatic shift from her cold and detached demeanor as a witness for her husband at his criminal trial to an emotional and distraught spouse , which appears to my eye to be an attempt to convey a sympathetic image for herself and husband -- a child molester convicted by overwhelming evidence . " Since the trial , 26 men have settled claims with Penn State totaling $ 59.7 million in connection with the Sandusky scandal , the university announced last fall . A few other claims have not yet been settled . "  I think that they could be manipulated by people , " Dottie Sandusky said . "  I think a lot of them had financial problems . I just do n't believe their stories . I 'm sorry . " At least every week , she visits her husband in his southwestern Pennsylvania prison . "  He 's in his cell 23 hours a day , Monday through Friday , " Dottie Sandusky told CNN . "  And then on weekends its 24 hours . It 's hard . We talk about what he 's doing in prison , what has happened . And I try to cheer him up , but he ends up cheering me up instead of me cheering him up . " During the interview , Dottie Sandusky showed CNN 's Carroll the basement room of the State College , Pennsylvania , home where some of the victims said they were abused . One accuser said his muffled screams went unheard by her upstairs . "  I would have heard it , yes , " she said of his screams for help . Dottie Sandusky was read part of letter her husband wrote to CNN . It said , "  My biggest hope at the moment is that somehow people will realize how unfair everything was and that judges will have the courage to examine everything . " She said : "  I believe God has a purpose and some purpose will come out of this , that he will see us through . " Penn State 's record number of sex offense reports spurs federal inquiry Victim 9 sues Penn State CNN 's Jason Carroll and Sheila Steffan contributed to this report .	Toll of sex scandal on Sandusky children and grandchildren worries Dottie Sandusky the most Jerry Sandusky 's wife maintains her husband 's innocence Former Penn State coach was convicted in 2012 of 45 sex abuse counts Victim 's lawyer says Dottie Sandusky "  remains remarkably unremorseful "
New York  CNN  -- Former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner is hoping to open a restaurant and create jobs , a year after his failed bid to become the city 's next mayor . The Rockaway Restoration Kitchen is still in the planning phases , but part of its stated mission is to aid the unemployed residents of Rockaway , Queens , a neighborhood that was devastated by Hurricane Sandy in 2012 . In its current state , Rockaway is a "  food desert " according to Weiner , with pizzerias and other fast food joints dominating the landscape . Bagel shop rises after Hurricane Sandy "  It 's more than just opening a restaurant , " Weiner told CNN . "  We want to do something sustainable for the community , while also providing healthy , local food options for the Rockaway population . " There is no indication yet of what will be on the menu . A thirteen week training program for prospective employees will cover not only kitchen and serving skills , but also professional appearance and life skills , according to Weiner . "  Our hope is to train people and give them skills to be able to go on and work in other restaurants , " Weiner said . "  They 'll be able to write on their resume that they worked at Rockaway Restoration Kitchen . " The program 's target population is unemployed residents who have had trouble finding work "  because of history of substance abuse , incarceration or health problems , " according to the restaurant 's website . "  It 's ridiculous that these people are not able to find jobs because of one blemish on their records , " Weiner said . Anthony Bourdain : Eat out and tip big to save NYC restaurants after Sandy Weiner says he 's still raising money for the non-profit , and that he hopes the restaurant will be operational "  in about a year . " The eatery is currently seeking an executive director , according to a post on Idealist.org . This wo n't be the first restaurant endeavor for the family ; Weiner 's brother Jason is the chef and co-owner of Almond restaurant in New York City 's Flatiron district . An Anthony Weiner timeline Weiner gained national attention in 2011 when he resigned from Congress after admitting to sending inappropriate pictures and messages to several women . In 2013 Weiner again made headlines when lewd text messages surfaced between him and a 22-year-old woman while he was running for mayor of New York City .	Former mayoral hopeful Anthony Weiner announced plans for a new restaurant Rockaway Restoration Kitchen is slated as a non-profit with a mission to serve its community "  We want to do something sustainable for the community , " said Weiner Rockaway , Queens was devastated by Superstorm Sandy in 2012
CNN  -- With all the scary stuff happening in the world -- ISIS , Ebola , take your pick -- it would n't be surprising if audiences steered clear of horror . But in fact , they 're doing just the opposite . Two of the most popular TV premieres in October were in the horror genre -- "  The Walking Dead " and "  American Horror Story , " to be exact -- and one of those premieres rivaled the biggest comedy on TV .  That premiere was the season 5 start of "  The Walking Dead , " to no one 's surprise , and it was right behind the viewership for the fall premiere of CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory . " And the list of horror successes could go on . So what 's behind our bloody fascination ? There are a few theories . For one , the genre is an excellent antidote to boredom . It 's obvious that the first thing viewers are looking for is "  enjoyment of thrill , " said Mary Beth Oliver , a Penn State professor of media and psychology . Watching a show in which your favorite character 's survival is far from guaranteed can bring about anxiety , she says , but that 's also part of the fun . "  In a lot of horror films , the beloved protagonist ultimately gets away , if only for that particular episode or that particular movie in a series , " Oliver said . "  The anxiety we feel when we 're watching the show is palpable ,  and  when that protagonist escapes , even by only a hair , then that  anxiety  feeds into our joy at this person 's survival . So we do n't feel a little bit happy , we feel really happy . It 's like watching a close sporting event ; it 's a lot more thrilling if your team wins after a really close game than after a landslide . " And what if we 're feeling anxious before we even sit down to watch a show ? Something that 's resonated with "  Walking Dead " executive producer David Alpert is Chuck Klosterman 's idea that zombies are a lot like email : "  You kill one , and it 's going to draw two more in its place , " Alpert said . "  I can work on my email all day , and at the end of the day , I might have more emails than I had when I started . ... You get this looming sense of dread that despite however hard you work , that it 's only going to make more work for yourself . Ultimately , you 're forced to rethink the way in which you live your life , " he continued , not unlike one would have to if faced with a zombie apocalypse . "  I say that kind of sarcastically , but it also has real resonance with me , " Alpert said . "  When my dad came home from work as a kid , he was done . Unless his office was on fire , no one was calling him . There was no email ; no one expected you to respond . Technology has put us in a state where we 're constantly reachable , which is great if you 're looking to hook up or communicate , but the idea that you 're constantly available leads people to expect you to constantly respond , and I think that leads to a heightened state of anxiety . Whether you want to call it globalization and economic fears coming off the economic collapse a few years back , I think we 're looking at this situation where people have ... this real sense of unease . " If that 's the case , one could imagine that would make that payoff Oliver talks about even greater . Another part of it , says horror disciple and "  Hannibal " showrunner Bryan Fuller , is that the genre lends itself well to a communal experience . "  At the movies , part of the fun is going and sitting with the crowd and jumping in unison and hearing other people as frightened as you are and finding safety in collective fright , " Fuller pointed out . Translate that experience to TV , especially in the era of social media , and watching a series that has a few jump scares , tension and "  OMG " moments can make you feel like you 're part of a massive viewing collective , even if you 're the only one in front of the screen . It helps , too , that in horror , "  the stakes are as high as they get , " Fuller added . "  It 's life and death . " The stakes were also pretty high for networks to air horror shows before series like "  The Walking Dead " and "  American Horror Story " proved to be audience magnets . Yet this current captivation with horror is n't just about scares and thrills .  And , it should go without saying , it 's far from the first time we 've had some great horror concepts on TV .  What the latest wave of genre-inspired series has been able to do is tap into the classic material in a fresh way and reimagine the methods for telling horror on TV . "  When you talk about horror , often people think about the gore , the gross-outs , the jump-scares and the tension , and we have those , " Alpert said . "  But I do n't think people stay for that . It gives you those great moments where you reach over to the other person sitting next to you on the couch and you have that  shocked  reaction , but the reason why you go back is because you care about what happens to the character . " FX realized the appetite for horror shows when it took a chance on "  American Horror Story " in 2011 , the network 's first foray into the genre . "  Having a great concept and having Ryan Murphy 's execution on that concept made us feel confident about it , " said Eric Schrier , the president of original programming for FX Networks and FX Productions . "  I do n't think we ever thought it would be the hit that is ; the show 's huge now , and it 's grown over the years . It took a little bit of getting used to for audiences , but once they caught on , they became enamored with it . " That adoration opened the door for Guillermo del Toro 's gruesome vampire saga "  The Strain " and , according to Fuller , for shows like his own "  Hannibal . " "  I do n't think NBC would have rolled the dice on ` Hannibal ' if it were n't for the successes of ` The Walking Dead ' and ` American Horror Story , ' where they thought , OK , let 's try our own brand of horror , which is different from those two but still in the same trough , " the showrunner said . "  As with any sort of pioneering show , it just takes one to ... expose the audience to the quality of horror storytelling . " NBC is n't the only network eyeing horror ; MTV just added an adaptation of the 1996 slasher "  Scream " to its 2015 roster . But thankfully , instead of getting 12 "  Walking Deads , " we got the "  Psycho " - inspired "  Bates Motel " on A&E ; "  Sleepy Hollow " on Fox ; "  Penny Dreadful " on Showtime ; and "  Hannibal , " an elegant but deadly psychological thriller that 's amassed a rabid following . "  Horror films have been one of the earliest staples of cinematic storytelling ... so it 's been around as long as cinema has been around . All of those things have been in our vocabulary , " Fuller said . Now , "  all those classic tropes of genre that some would argue are too tired or too stale " are being given "  fresh blood for a new audience , and really reinvigorating our taste . "	Horror on television is drawing monster ratings The current wave is being credited with elevating the genre Shows like "  The Walking Dead " and "  American Horror Story " paved the way
Six months ago , the finish line of the Boston Marathon was a scene of smoke , blood and death . On Saturday , tragedy became triumph when the victory parade of the World Series champions Boston Red Sox crossed the same line surrounded by crowds , which were expected to reach 1 million people over the entire celebration route . What the Red Sox mean to Boston In a crowning moment , Red Sox player Jonny Gomes rested the World Series trophy on the finish line , draped with a team jersey whose back declared "  Boston Strong 617 , " the slogan created to overcome April 's terror attacks . Led by an announcer , the team and crowd sang "  God Bless America " at the line , which remains painted on the street . The championship parade marked the restoration of a city 's soul , darkened during bombings that killed three people and wounded more than 260 others who gathered last spring to watch the marathon near the finish line . But on Saturday , the pall cast over that line was vanquished . A great American city found its spirit returned . And it rejoiced . See the parade 's best moments "  The last time I was standing on the streets of Boston was the day of the marathon , and I 'd just like to say thank you to the Red Sox for bringing all these people back to the streets for something so great to celebrate , " said parade attendee Laurie Delaney of Dedham , Massachusetts . In fact , on the day of the bombings six months ago , Delaney was on Boylston Street where the explosions occurred , and earlier that day , she was at a Red Sox game . Saturday 's celebration was emotional , she said . Every Bostonian attending the parade remembered where they were the day of the bombings . Ryan Sedlacek was in his Boston home less than a mile from the finish line . "  It does n't fix what we went through , but it helps cover it up , " Sedlacek said of the collective rejoicing . What made the moment doubly triumphant was how the Boston Red Sox finished in last place in 2012 . In a city passionate about its baseball , the team went from worst to first , despite the attacks on the city . The Red Sox won the World Series on Wednesday night , defeating the St. Louis Cardinals . The team won it at home , in Fenway Park , the first time they 've done so since 1918 . The victory seemed a godsend . "  It feels like it should have happened , " Sedlacek said . The Red Sox team met with bombing survivors over breakfast , just before the fanfare of vehicles and about two dozen amphibious duck boats began the motorcade at the team 's stadium at 10 a.m. Saturday , said Heather Abbott , one of the survivors who attended the gathering . The parade ended in the Charles River when the duck boats took to the water and motored along the shore .	Crowd and team sing "  God Bless America " at finish line Six months ago , terrorist bombers struck near the Boston Marathon finish line But on Saturday , a Boston Red Sox player rests the World Series trophy on that line Bostonians are cheering again on the finish line
CNN  -- Toyota 's third-generation Prius , due at dealerships this spring , will have an optional solar panel on its roof . The panel will power a ventilation system that can cool the car without help from the engine , Toyota says . Solar Electric Vehicles in California makes a roof-mounted solar panel for a standard Toyota Prius . But it 's a long way from the 2010 Prius to a solar-powered car , experts told CNN . Most agree that there just is n't enough space on a production car to get full power from solar panels . "  Being able to power a car entirely with solar is a pretty far-reaching goal , " said Tony Markel , a senior engineer at the federal government 's National Renewable Energy Lab in Golden , Colorado . In the new Prius , the solar panel will provide energy for a ventilation fan that will help cool the parked car on sunny , hot days . The driver can start the fan remotely before stepping into the car . Once the car is started , the air conditioning wo n't need as much energy from a battery to do the rest of the cooling . "  The best thing about using solar is that regardless of what you end up using it for , you 're trying to use it to displace gasoline , " added Markel . The question is , how much gasoline can solar power offset ? Markel said his lab has modified a Prius to use electricity from the grid for its main batteries and a solar panel for the auxiliary systems . He believes the car gets an additional 5 miles of electric range from the panel . According to recent articles in Japan 's Nikkei newspaper , Toyota has bigger plans for harnessing power from the sun . Nikkei reports that Toyota hopes to develop a vehicle powered entirely by solar panels . The project will take years , the paper reported . When contacted by CNN , however , a Toyota spokeswoman denied the existence of the project . "  At this time there are no plans that we know of to produce a concept or production version of a solar-powered car , " said Amy K. Taylor , a communications administrator in Toyota 's Environmental , Safety & Quality division . Motorists do n't have to wait for a 2010 Prius to drive a solar-enhanced car , however . Greg Johanson , president of Solar Electric Vehicles in Westlake Village , California , said his company makes a roof-mounted panel for a standard Prius that enables the car to travel up to 15 additional miles a day . The system costs $ 3,500 , and it takes about a week to make one , Johanson said . Billy Bautista , a project coordinator at the company , said Solar Electric Vehicles gets so many requests for the system that there is a backlog of several months . The company 's Web site says motorists can install the panels themselves , although it recommends finding a "  qualified technician . " The system delivers about 165 watts of power per hour to an added battery , which helps powers the electric motor , Johanson said . But others said it would take a lot more power than that to replace an internal combustion engine . Eric Leonhardt , director of the Vehicle Research Institute at Western Washington University , said that even if solar cells worked far better than they do today , they would n't generate enough power for driving substantial distances . The best cells operate at about 33 percent efficiency , but the ones used on vehicles are only about 18 percent efficient , he said . Leonhardt said it would be more practical to use solar power to help charge a car 's battery and use the more efficient panels mounted on a roof or over a parking area to supply the rest of the electricity needed to drive the engine . "  Solar panels really need a lot of area , " he said . Leonhardt thinks Toyota 's new Prius is a good first step toward using renewable energy . Some cars get hotter than 150 degrees inside when parked in the sun , so reducing the temperature could mean Toyota could use a smaller AC unit , he added . Johanson of Solar Electric Vehicles said he 'd like to see Toyota bring the weight of a Prius down from 3,000 pounds to 2,000 . He also hopes for a small gasoline engine and a larger electric motor . That will probably come in the future , when Toyota unveils a plug-in engine . In the meantime , Solar Electric Vehicles sells its version of a plug-in Prius , with a solar panel installed , for $ 25,000 , Bautista said . Toyota is the largest automaker to incorporate solar power into a mass-produced car . But its solar panel is not the first for a car company . Audi uses one on its upscale A8 model , and Mazda tried one on its 929 in the 1990s . In addition , a French motor company , Venturi , has produced an electric-solar hybrid . The Eclectic model costs $ 30,000 , looks like a souped-up golf cart and uses roof-mounted solar panels to help power an electric engine . It has a range of about 30 miles and has a top speed of about 30 mph . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	The 2010 Toyota Prius , due this spring , will have an optional solar panel on its roof The panel will power a cooling system without help from the engine One company also makes a roof-mounted solar panel for current Prius models But it 's a long way from the new Prius to a solar-powered car , experts say
CNN  -- Former Illinois congressman Dan Rostenkowski , who rose through the ranks of Chicago 's rough-and-tumble political scene to become one of the most powerful men on Capitol Hill , has died , according to the office of Chicago Alderman Richard Mell . He was 82 . He died in Wisconsin after an extended illness , Mell 's office said . Rostenkowski first entered Congress in 1959 , during the second half of the Eisenhower administration . Known for his booming voice and reputation as a power broker , he became chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee in 1981 . During his tenure as chairman , the powerful Democrat played a key role in passing major reforms of both Social Security and the tax code , among other things . Read more about Rostenkowski 's life and career In 1988 , Rostenkowski helped pass a controversial expansion of Medicare designed to protect seniors against catastrophic medical expenses . Senior citizens became livid over the higher monthly premiums and surtax tied to the bill . The measure was repealed a year later . Rostenkowski was defeated in the Republican landslide of 1994 , however , after becoming mired in scandal . Among other things , prosecutors alleged he used public funds for personal matters and to pay employees who did little actual work . Rostenkowski pleaded guilty to corruption charges in April 1996 , and ultimately served over a year in federal prison . He was pardoned by President Bill Clinton in 2000 . "  Dan Rostenkowski devoted his life to his community , Chicago and the state , " Illinois House Speaker Michael Madigan said Wednesday . "  His efforts on behalf of the regular people who needed a friend to wade through the tangle of government are unparalleled . " CNN 's Charles Riley contributed to this report	Rostenkowski first entered Congress in 1959 He became chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee in 1981 Rostenkowsi was defeated in the Republican landslide of 1994
CNN  -- Bill Haslam , the mayor of Knoxville and considered a moderate Republican , easily won the Tennessee GOP primary for governor Thursday , the Tennessee Department of State 's website reported . With all of the state 's precincts reporting Haslam had 47.5 percent of the vote as he defeated Congressman Zach Wamp and Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey . Halsam , who helped fund some of his own campaign , will now face Mike McWherter , a Democratic businessman and son of a former governor . The race is to succeed Gov. Phil Bredesen , a Democrat , who is prevented by term limits from running for a third term . Political handicappers think Republicans have a good shot at winning back the governor 's office . Republican Governors Association spokesman Tim Murtaugh in a statement : "  Bill Haslam emerges as a strong candidate headed toward November , having beaten a pair of qualified office holders in a spirited primary . As Tennessee faces great economic challenges , Bill Haslam will be a strong voice for job creation , fiscal restraint and individual freedom . "  A successful mayor and businessman , he has the leadership experience necessary to create jobs and grow the economy . We look forward to seeing him elected the next governor of Tennessee . " Democratic Governors Association executive director Nathan Daschle said , "  Mike McWherter has spent his career growing jobs and strengthening the economy . The only thing Bill Haslam has increased in his career is Knoxville 's taxes and unemployment rate . " "  Voters are looking for someone with the know-how to move the state in the right direction , and that candidate is Mike McWherter , " Daschle added . The race grabbed national attention last month because of controversial comments by two of the challengers . Wamp appeared to suggest that Tennessee should consider secession in light of mandates forced on the states by the Obama administration 's health care bill . The eight-term congressman later stepped back from those comments . Ramsey also drew attention to himself last month after he was seen in a YouTube video questioning whether Islam is a religion . He was expressing his opposition to the expansion of a mosque in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , which has become a hot-button issue in the city about 35 miles southeast of Nashville . Ramsey , who has been endorsed by 20 Tea Party organizations , said he is a supporter of religious freedoms , but such protections may not extend to bringing "  Shariah -LSB- Islamic -RSB- law into the state of Tennessee ... into the United States . " "  Now , you could even argue whether being a Muslim is actually a religion , or is it a nationality , way of life , a cult , whatever you want to call it , " he continued . "  But certainly we do protect our religions , but at the same time , this is something we are going to have to face . " Following criticism , Ramsey defended his comments , saying , "  My concern is that far too much of Islam has come to resemble a violent political philosophy more than peace-loving religion . " In a high-profile Congressional primary , two-term Democratic Rep. Steve Cohen overwhelmingly defeated former Memphis Mayor Willie Herenton . The campaign in the 9th District , which covers Memphis and has a large African-American population , was dominated by race . With all precincts reporting , Cohen had 78.7 percent of the vote to Herenton 's 21.3 percent . Herenton has been urging voters to elect him as the only African-American member of the state 's congressional delegation , saying , "  It is as if only white people live in the great state of Tennessee . No African-Americans . I believe that it is very clear to the majority of the citizens of this community that we lack representation . " Cohen , who served as a state lawmaker in the area before being elected to Congress , has campaigned on what he 's done for education and health care in the area . "  I represent everybody and I work hard for people to get them opportunities . And I just think that race should not be an issue in 2010 , " he said . President Barack Obama and the Congressional Black Caucus backed Cohen . Stephen Fincher won the 8th District Republican primary . Fincher collected 48.5 percent of the vote over Ron Kirkland at 24.4 percent and George Flinn at 24 percent . The race , for Rep. John Tanner 's seat , is noteworthy because the Center for Responsible Politics has called it the most expensive House primary in the country , Fincher will face Roy Herron , who easily won the Democratic primary .	Cohen is winner of 9th District Democratic primary Knoxville Mayor Bill Haslam has nearly 48 percent of the vote in the GOP governor 's primary The GOP winner will face Democrat Mike McWherter The GOP race grabbed national attention last month
CNN  -- All three presidential debates are now in the books and the race to the White House is taking its final shape . Looking back , the first debate was undoubtedly the watershed moment of this campaign and the most powerful inflection point in the race to date . President Obama regained some lost ground in the next two debates , including Monday night 's event , but the damage had already been done . Mitt Romney now carries the momentum into the home stretch . Like in the second debate , Obama came out Monday night more aggressive and more provocative . He threw more punches and landed more punches , centering his attacks on trying to characterize Romney 's foreign policy as amateur and reckless . But there was an air of desperation in his delivery . It was as if he knew he needed to not just defeat Romney , but to destroy him . He fell far short of that bar . Opinion : Obama in command ; Romney plays it safe Obama was helped , however , by Romney 's peculiar pass on contesting Libya and the Benghazi catastrophe while also not taking Obama to task for the timetable and withdrawal from Afghanistan . Romney 's repeated agreement with Obama on issues like drone strikes and keeping U.S. forces out of Iran and Syria in any way may upset some conservatives . But we are at a different time and place in the foreign policy psyche of most Americans . The country is war-weary , wants the troops to come home and does n't want any form of intervention in another country . Romney had to reassure voters that he was not interested in nation-building and provoking or initiating foreign conflicts . He accomplished that very well . It was a different test for a different time for a Republican candidate . He distanced himself from President George W. Bush and offered his own vision for the Middle East . Or as he put it , the United States should "  help the - the world of Islam and other parts of the world , reject this radical violent extremism . " Perhaps foreshadowing the last two weeks of the presidential race , Romney used the debate to move to the center . He emphasized peace and diplomacy and avoided at all costs any hint of sending U.S. forces to future wars . Romney also looked and acted presidential . He had a steady , levelheaded confidence and avoided any snarky , patronizing "  horses and bayonets " moments . Obama used the final debate to go to the left and energize his base , attacking Romney at any opportunity while throwing in comments about teachers and classroom size -- a clear signal to his strong base with the teacher 's union . Obama offered little on his plans for a second term and spent much of the debate hammering Romney . Opinion : Was Obama too relentless with Romney ? That may be why some commentators think Romney acted and appeared more like the president and Obama the challenger . One of the central facets of the Obama campaign was to define Romney as an unacceptable candidate , which they did relentlessly in states like Ohio . Yet , Romney 's first debate performance shattered that image . And through the rest of the debates , he proved that he is not the man they said he was ; he is not a warmonger or greedy vulture capitalist . Now , Obama is racing to put the genie back in the bottle . The electoral map is shrinking for him while expanding for Romney . Paul Begala recently admitted the Obama campaign has given up on North Carolina . Meanwhile , GOP vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan recently campaigned in Pennsylvania , a state once thought to be totally out of the reach of Romney and Ryan . According to RealClearPolitics.com 's electoral map , Wisconsin , Michigan and Pennsylvania are now toss-up states and North Carolina is leaning Romney . With the wind at this back , Romney can now consolidate his resources in the most crucial states -- Ohio , Virginia , Colorado and perhaps even Wisconsin and Pennsylvania . And with the foreign policy debate in the rear view mirror , he can get back to the economy -- his strongest issue and advantage over the president . Opinion : So , who 's going to win ? In the latest WSJ/NBC poll Romney has a six point advantage on which candidate is better at dealing with the economy , a seven point lead on jobs and unemployment and a whopping 13 point lead on fixing the deficit . Romney has the momentum . Barring any October surprise , he will likely keep the momentum . With less than two weeks to go , it may matter less what Romney and Obama say but where they say it . That will tell us all we need to know about how the campaigns feel heading into the home stretch . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : President Obama was aggressive in final debate , but it may be too late Bennett : Some pundits think Mitt Romney acted more presidential than Obama He says the electoral map is shrinking for Obama while expanding for Romney Bennett : Barring any surprises , Romney will likely keep the momentum
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff arrived in Pakistan on Tuesday amid tensions between the two countries about U.S. military incursions into Pakistan 's tribal areas . Adm. Michael Mullen will meet with Pakistan 's new prime minister and its military chief . Adm. Michael Mullen will meet with Pakistan 's newly elected prime minister , Yousaf Raza Gilani , and Pakistan 's military chief , Gen. Parvez Kayani , Mullen 's office said . Relations between the United States and Pakistan have been tense since the U.S. military sent ground forces into Pakistan 's tribal regions earlier this month without Islamabad 's permission . The incident prompted the Pakistani government to summon the U.S. ambassador to voice its disapproval , as well as deliver a "  demarche "  a diplomatic petition or protest  through its ambassador in Washington . Last week , Kayani announced no foreign forces will be allowed to conduct operations inside Pakistan in light of the "  reckless " U.S. military ground operation . Kayani said Pakistan 's "  territorial integrity ... will be defended at all cost and no external force is allowed to conduct operations ... inside Pakistan . " His announcement came amid media reports that several months ago , President Bush authorized U.S. special forces to carry out ground assaults inside Pakistan without first seeking Islamabad 's permission . Meanwhile , a suicide attack late Tuesday evening in the restive area of Swat killed three soldiers and wounded six others , the Pakistani military told CNN . Pakistan army spokesman Major Murad Khan said the driver of the suicide car bomb tried to ram the gate of a military checkpoint at a school in the Swat District . Troops shot from the check-post before the attacker reached his target , Khan said . The car exploded , and militants shot back as they ran away . The incident happened at a time when Muslims break their fasts in the month of Ramadhan . Swat militants loyal to banned religious leader Maulana Fazlullah have claimed responsibility for the attack , according to the military . The suicide attacker in the car was killed . A few others were also believed to have been killed or injured , but Khan said there were no confirmed numbers because it was dark and the militants removed the bodies of their dead and wounded . The explosion occurred at the Tutano Bandai school of Tehsil Kabal in Swat District in the North West Frontier Province . A military spokesman offer no additional details . CNN 's Jamie McIntyre and Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Adm. Michael Mullen to meet with Pakistan 's new prime minister and military chief Relations between U.S. and Pakistan tense since U.S. raid in Pakistani tribal region Suicide attack kills 3 soldiers , wounds 6 others in Pakistan region of Swat
CNN  A South African university is celebrating the removal of a British colonialist 's statue after weeks of protests . University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes ' statue come down , saying his legacy is tainted with racism . Using the hashtag #RhodesMustFall , students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month . Four weeks later , the hashtag is now #RhodesHas Fallen . The university said Wednesday the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus . "  These steps are being taken to ensure the safety of the statue while matters concerning its future are resolved , " the university said in a statement . Rhodes ' statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university , which also has a scholarship and memorial in his name . #RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March . "  He represents the former colonial representation of this country -- supremacy , racism , misogyny , " says Ramabina Mahapa , president of the students ' Representative Council , which led the fight to remove the statue . "  Students are saying these are n't the ideals that we want to have here , " Mahapa says . "  The statue represents what is wrong with society . " But in Pretoria , another group of protesters disagreed . "  This is n't confronting history , this is erasing it , " says Steve Hofmeyr , a singer who participated in a campaign Thursday that involved activists chaining themselves to the Paul Kruger statue in response to #RhodesHasFallen . Days earlier , Kruger 's statue was pelted with green paint . The Afrikaner is known for his opposition to the British . Afrikaner groups also chained themselves to the statue of Dutch colonizer Jan van Riebeeck in Cape Town . "  I do n't want fewer monuments , " Hofmeyr says . "  I want more monuments erected . But do n't defile the ones that exist -- we are the sum total of all the history , not just the fun parts . " Mahapa said removing a statue should n't be equated with removing history . "  People down the years will be looking at the statue and at his history and what he did , " Mahapa says . "  We need to be moving toward becoming an Afrocentric university where African thought can be appreciated . " Hofmeyr said the statue is a race issue . "  There are huge gaping differences between people in South Africa and that is why you need dialogue , which you ca n't have without its monuments and statues , " he says . Students marked the removal of Rhodes ' statue with a celebratory march . They held signs that said "  we 're not done yet . " With the statue removed , some asked what 's next for the movement .	Cape Town students demand Cecil Rhodes ' statue come down They use the hashtag #RhodesMustFall School takes it down
CNN  -- Howard Unruh , a World War II veteran accused of killing more than a dozen people in a deadly shooting spree in New Jersey 60 years ago , died Monday , authorities said . He was 88 . Howard Unruh died Monday in a nursing home in Trenton , New Jersey . Although he was never found competent to stand trial , authorities and witnesses say Unruh methodically walked Camden 's 32nd Street on the afternoon of September 6 , 1949 , targeting several business owners on a hit list and firing at others who crossed his path , including children . The weapon of choice was a German-crafted Luger pistol . The last victim was 2-year-old Tommy Hamilton , who happened to be looking out the window , according to accounts of the 20-minute spree compiled by TruTV 's Web site .  TruTV , like CNN , is a part of Turner Broadcasting . Another boy was killed while getting a haircut . The barber , 33-year-old Clark Hoover , had been on the list . Though the case never went to trial , Unruh was considered by some as the first single-episode mass murderer in the United States . Unruh 's mental status was reviewed by the courts , reviews that always resulted in his continued commitment , according to the Camden County prosecutor 's office . He died Monday at Providence Nursing Home in Trenton at 3:35 p.m. after an extended illness , officials said . Ron Dale was inside a shoe shop off 32nd when the gunman came through the door and fired twice at shoemaker John Pilarchi , 27 , who died instantly . "  He shot the shoemaker , turned around , looked at me and walked out the door , " Dale , who was 8 at the time , told CNN Radio . "  It just was n't my turn . " It was the weekend before school started . Dale said he ran home but knew that his big brother and other kids would be getting haircuts and doing other stuff for first day of school . "  Back in those days , there was no such thing as people going around with guns like they do today , " said Dale , now a military veteran and retired ironworker . Even as police scrambled to catch the gunman , he reached his apartment , where he barricaded the door . Witnesses had identified the shooter as Unruh , described as 28-year-old recluse and "  religious nut , " according to the accounts compiled by TruTV . Dozens of police officers surrounded the two-story building that housed Unruh 's apartment , which sat next to the pharmacy owned by Maurice and Rose Cohen . The couple and Maurice Cohen 's mother were all killed in the spree , but their 12-year-old son , Charles , survived by hiding in a closet . Officers , armed with rifles and machine guns , riddled the building with bullets . He finally surrendered after police tossed cans of tear gas through a bedroom window . During questioning , he gave County Prosecutor Mitchell Cohen a play-by-play of the massacre , according to the Tru TV accounts . Unruh had left his home that day , he told Cohen , with one bullet in the chamber , 16 loose bullets and two clips of eight , because his neighbors "  had been making derogatory remarks about my character . " After a battery of tests were conducted , Unruh was diagnosed with "  dementia praecox , mixed type , with pronounced catatonic and paranoid coloring " and was ruled criminally insane , making him immune from prosecution . Ron Franscell , a Texas-based author , has researched the Camden massacre for a book about victims who have survived mass killings in modern American history . He 's walked Unruh 's "  walk of death " and interviewed several witnesses of the shooting . Franscell described Unruh as a strange character who was a good soldier in World War II . "  But he does odd things while he 's there ; he keeps detailed notes of the Germans he kills , " he told CNN Radio on Monday . He returned home a changed man . Unruh was an introvert in his neighborhood , known to dress up in a suit and tie , with combat boots and a Bible tucked under his arm . He would walk around the streets and quote scripture , Franscell said . "  He 's not right . ... He just came back a little different . " Among the Camden survivors Franscell spoke with was Charles Cohen , the son of the slain pharmacist . Franscell said Cohen coped by stashing scores of newspaper clippings on the 1949 shooting into a suitcase . Through the years , Cohen "  really saw a day in the future when Howard Unruh would die and he saw it as a release for him , " Franscell said . "  His hope was to see Howard Unruh 's day come so he could take that suitcase out and bury it . Cohen never saw that day . He died two months ago . CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Howard Unruh accused of killing more than a dozen people in New Jersey in 1949 Courts ruled that WWII veteran was not competent to stand trial Witnesses and survivors of shooting recount day 's horror , aftereffects Unruh was considered first single-episode mass murderer in U.S. history
London  CNN  -- The Thames became a sea of red , white and blue Sunday , as tens of thousands celebrated the diamond jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II -- so perhaps it was only fitting that alongside all the flags , another great British tradition was very much in evidence : Gray skies and rain . Some 20,000 people took to the water aboard 1,000 vessels for a river pageant featuring dragon boats , a floating belfry and the royal barge . The event -- inspired by regal riverside celebrations of the past -- was the largest such celebration on the Thames for hundreds of years . Around a million people were expected to line the route to cheer on the queen , at the head of a seven-mile long flotilla . But bad weather meant a planned fly-past was canceled . Follow CNN 's live blog Isabella Hales and her family staked out their claim to a spot near Tower Bridge -- where the festivities reached a climax on Sunday evening . "  It 's cold , but I do n't mind , " the 10 year old , wearing a cardboard Duchess of Cambridge mask that was rapidly dissolving in the drizzle , told CNN . "  It was raining for the queen 's coronation too . I 'm just really excited , I ca n't wait . " "  It 's only the second time someone has reigned for 60 years , " her aunt Laura Hales added . "  It 's a big accomplishment , and we wanted to celebrate that . "  There are about 20 of us -- we 've come well prepared , " she said , pointing out picnic supplies , party masks of the royal family -- including a corgi -- and pink champagne , "  And we do n't care what the weatherman says . "  Here 's to Liz ! " she toasted , raising her glass . iReporters celebrate Queen Elizabeth II Margaretta Soulsby , from Dorset , was the first to arrive at Tower Bridge on Saturday . She had planned to camp out , but when it began raining , stewards persuaded her to spend the night in a tent nearby . Soulsby told CNN it was "  well worth it -- I 'm in the perfect position , " and said such events made her very proud to be British . "  In 1935 , when I was 10 , my father took the family to The Mall to watch the silver jubilee celebrations for King George V and Queen Mary , and I 've been privileged to be present at all of the major royal events since then . " After gathering upriver in west London , the flotilla made its way from Battersea Bridge to Tower Bridge , passing through the heart of Britain 's capital city over the course of several hours . At the front were 300 man-powered boats , with thousands of volunteers propelling them down river , flags and streamers fluttering around them . A barge carrying the eight Royal Jubilee Bells -- the largest of which , at nearly half a ton , is named for the monarch -- led the way , with peals of bells ringing out from church towers along the river . Bumming a smoke from the queen : When the security bubble bursts Next came passenger boats , pleasure boats , historic wooden vessels -- the oldest built in 1740 -- and boats carrying members of the armed forces , police and fire services . One of the boats taking part , the Amazon , also took part in the 1897 Diamond Jubilee celebrations for Queen Victoria , Britain 's longest-serving monarch and the only other to reach the landmark 60 years on the throne . The biggest cheers were reserved for the present queen , who was carried aboard a specially-converted royal barge , opulently draped in red and gold . Sailing boats that were too tall to pass under the 14 bridges along the river pageant route lined the river from London Bridge to Wapping , in the east , creating an avenue of sails set against the Tower of London and the city 's financial center . The queen disembarked at Tower Bridge and looked on as the remainder of the river pageant passed by in a riot of color and noise . Excitement grew as a gun salute rang out from the Tower of London . Nearby , those not lucky enough to get a riverside spot before the area was locked down , watched the pageant on a big screen . Cheers , whistles and the odd chorus of "  God Save the Queen " rang out , and the crowd stayed jolly despite the rain . Helen McKee , from Kent , said she bought her family along to enjoy a once-in-a-lifetime spectacle . "  We 're never going to see this sort of thing again . I 've got a little boy and I thought it was important for him to see it . I still remember the Silver Jubilee in 1977 . It 's a great atmosphere here , everyone is so friendly . " To Jamie Newell , from London , events on the river were just a forerunner of the main attraction of the day - the after party he was planning at home . Newell , decked out from head to toe in Union flags , and sporting red , white and blue contact lenses , said simply : "  I love the queen . " Not everyone was of the same opinion . In a street behind the London Assembly building , scores of pro-republican campaigners had gathered , waving placards reading : "  Make monarchy history " and "  Do n't jubilee-ve it " and chanting "  Monarchy out , republic in . " Today though , they seemed resigned to the fact that they were well and truly in the minority . As the queen 's barge approached and Tower Bridge lifted in salute , red white and blue streamers were tossed from the crowd . And then , as if on cue , the heavens opened , rain lashing those gathered on the riverbanks below . Hoods and umbrellas went up , coats and ponchos went on , quickly followed by shouts of "  brolleys down " from those behind . Some of those who had gathered fled to shelter , but others remained determined to see out the whole seven-mile flotilla , even in torrential rain . Patrick Gunning had been waiting for the flotilla since 11 a.m. on Sunday . It was well worth the wait , he said . "  I 've had my son Saul , who 's 8 , on my shoulders so we saw the whole thing , and we 'll be staying a little longer . " London 's Metropolitan Police said as many as 6,000 extra officers were on patrol during jubilee events . The huge security operation comes as London prepares to host the 2012 Olympic Games , which open in late July . Outside the capital , Britons gathered for thousands of jubilee-themed street parties and barbecues Sunday . Stores have been filled for weeks with an array of patriotic paraphernalia , from flag-adorned teapots to aprons to picnic sets , to help hosts set the scene for what is billed as a national celebration . The celebrations continue on Monday and Tuesday , which have been declared public holidays to mark the diamond jubilee . An afternoon garden party at Buckingham Palace will be followed Monday evening by a televised pop concert outside the palace grounds . At the end of the concert , the queen will take to the stage to light the "  National Beacon , " which will be on the Mall . She will use a diamond made from crystal glass , which has been on display at the Tower of London from the beginning of May , to light the flame . More than 4,000 beacons will then be lit in communities throughout the United Kingdom , along with the Commonwealth and UK Overseas Territories . Tuesday will be a day of pomp and ceremony , as the queen attends a service of thanksgiving at St. Paul 's Cathedral , followed after lunch in Westminster by a carriage procession back to Buckingham Palace , where she will appear on the balcony , flanked by members of the royal family .	Diamond Jubilee of Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II marked with river pageant Tens of thousands celebrate along the banks of the Thames Royal family led flotilla of a thousand boats up river to Tower Bridge Music and fireworks , street parties and festivals to mark 60th anniversary
Washington  CNN  -- Two Washington Wizards basketball players drew guns on each other during a heated Christmas Eve gambling debt dispute , the New York Post reported Friday . Law enforcement authorities said they were investigating an incident but gave no details . Wizards teammates Gilbert Arenas and Javaris Crittenton both brandished firearms in the team 's locker room , the Post reported , citing NBA league sources . The dispute erupted when Arenas , a three-time NBA all-star , refused to pay up on a debt owed to Crittenton , the Post stated , citing an anonymous league source . Multiple sources said Arenas drew his gun first , the Post reported . Arenas denied the charge , saying he never pulled a weapon . Neither Arenas , 27 , nor Crittenton , 22 , could be reached for comment Friday . The incident , according to the Post , occurred during a Wizards practice day at the Verizon Center , the team 's arena in downtown Washington . It is unclear whether any other Wizards players witnessed the alleged confrontation , the Post said . NBA spokesman Tim Frank said Friday that there is "  an active investigation " being conducted by Washington law enforcement authorities . "  We are not taking any independent action at this time , " he said . The Wizards also released a statement Friday saying that the team takes "  this situation and the ongoing investigation very seriously . We are continuing to cooperate fully with the proper authorities and the NBA . " A Washington Metropolitan Police Department statement earlier in the week said local law enforcement was assisting the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the District of Columbia "  with an investigation into an allegation that weapons were located inside a locker room at the Verizon Center . " "  There are a lot of rumors going around , " Washington Police Chief Cathy Lanier said Friday . "  We need to get it right . " CNN 's David Close and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	New York Post : Washington Wizards teammates drew guns on each other Gilbert Arenas , Javaris Crittenton argued over gambling debt , paper says Authorities say they are investigating incident but gave no details
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- When Wanda Barzee shared her story of an abusive marriage in a church-sponsored counseling session in 1985 , Brian David Mitchell took her hand to comfort her . "  And we 've held hands ever since , " Mitchell 's wife testified Thursday . Barzee , 65 , scanned the room , bit her lip , and breathed heavily as she waited for her testimony to begin . When she raised her right hand to take the witness oath , the heavy chain of her shackles appeared . Barzee struck a deal with state and federal prosecutors last year and is serving a 15-year prison sentence for her involvement in the 2002 abduction of Elizabeth Smart . In spite of Barzee 's agreement to testify , prosecutors in Mitchell 's federal trial did not call her to the stand , and she instead began her testimony for the defense Thursday afternoon in a Salt Lake City courtroom . In a flat voice and sometimes rambling , Barzee recounted the start of her relationship with Mitchell ; a journey that eventually led her to the mountainside camp where she watched over a tethered teenage girl her husband said was his chosen bride . "  I was married to my first husband for 20 years , raising six children , and it was a very abusive situation . And I never healed from that situation , " Barzee said of her first marriage . "  Brian was so supportive of me , he became my best friend , " she said . "  He said he was abused , also . " "  We were both going through a divorce , so normally it was n't approved by the church that we date , " Barzee continued , but she said they received rare consent from leaders at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to pursue the relationship . The two wed nine months later , on the day Mitchell 's divorce became final . The first year of marriage , she said , was "  hellish , " with a volatile and possessive Mitchell often storming off from their apartment in fits of anger . He told her he was "  consumed by fear and doubt , " and sometimes simply screamed into a pillow for long periods . She struggled through , because of a bishop 's blessing that said Satan would do everything in his power to separate the two , but that the Lord would give Barzee the strength to fight back . Religious counsel and Bible readings gave her the remedy : "  I started to be more silent , and I learned to be submissive and obedient . " Also called to testify Thursday was Tim Mitchell , Brian Mitchell 's younger brother by six years , who described the defendant as an intelligent and resourceful big brother who built model airplanes , devised flying rockets , and endeavored to build a roller coaster in the family 's back yard . Once , Tim Mitchell recalled , Brian constructed a hot-air balloon from cloth and sent it flying ; it landed squarely on top of their home and set the roof on fire . As Brian grew , he struggled with failed relationships , smoked marijuana and drank . That changed one night when the brothers discussed their religious beliefs by a campfire , and the younger one professed his devotion to the Mormon faith . "  He became a little bit tearful and said , ' I think what you 're saying is true ' and ' I kind of lost my way . ' I remember he had a pack of cigarettes and he tossed them in fire and said he wanted to change his life , too . " For a time , Brian did change , said Tim Mitchell , though his relationships with family members were often strained and laced with suspicion . Then , Barzee entered his life . "  All of a sudden we heard he does n't have a job anymore , and he 's moved up to Idaho , and he 's living in a trailer up there . " After a chance encounter in a Salt Lake City grocery store sometime later , Brian explained he and Barzee were wandering the country , ministering to the homeless . Tim Mitchell expressed his concerns : "  I said , ' I think you 're going off on the wrong way , I think you 're drifting away from the church . I think maybe you 've been deceived by a false spirit . ' " Their contact was limited after that , until it ceased entirely about five years before the kidnapping of Smart . The brothers encountered each other at their mother 's house , and Brian asked to be called "  Daveed . " His younger brother refused . "  I just kept calling him Brian . " "  I started feeling that this is really starting to look like a mental illness and I sent a letter encouraging him to get some help , " said Tim Mitchell , who works as a mental health counselor . Defense attorneys are mounting an insanity defense for Brian Mitchell , 57 , hoping to prove that mental illness clouded his mind to such a degree that he did not understand that his actions were wrong when he abducted and held Smart . Their case has so far consisted of family members and friends of the defendant , and could include Mitchell himself . Barzee will continue her direct examination Friday morning .	Wanda Barzee testifies for the defense in the trial of Brian David Mitchell Mitchell faces federal charges in the 2002 abduction of Elizabeth Smart Barzee testifies of a "  hellish " first year of marriage to Mitchell Religious counsel , Bible readings taught her to be more submissive , she says
CNN  Israel 's ruling Likud Party pulled off a victory in Tuesday 's election -- and it was a stunning one . During the campaign , incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had come in for heavy criticism from across the political spectrum , for reasons ranging from concerns over his frosty relationship with the White House , to his fixation on the Iran nuclear issue , to allegations over Netanyahu 's household expenses . Yet despite this unpromising backdrop , Likud is on course to win 30 seats in the Knesset , six seats more than the main opposition Zionist Union -- headed by Isaac Herzog and Tsipi Livni , and an obvious favorite of the Israeli media establishment and Europe , Washington , and the West Bank . The blow to the Zionist Union is particularly painful because some opinion polls had actually had the party leading Likud as the campaign drew to a close .  Likud was n't the only winner of the night -- the new center-right party Kulanu  All of Us  , which focuses on the economy , also had a good showing , securing 10 seats  . Still , Likud 's resounding has n't settled the eventual makeup of the government -- in the coming weeks , the work of negotiating a coalition will begin . With this in mind , there is a good chance that President Reuven Rivlin will ask Netanyahu to form a national unity government , either with the Zionist Union , or as the head of a right-wing coalition  although the bitter rivalry between Herzog/Livni and Netanyahu during the campaign makes the latter more likely  . Overall , the election results seemed to reflect the rightward shift of the electorate , with even voters who self-identify as centrists consistently expressing conservative positions on both the Palestinian issue and broader questions of national security . Meanwhile , the numbers for the left in Tuesday 's election -- a four seats for Meretz , 24 for the Zionist Union and 14 for the Arab List suggests the bloc is some 20 seats short of a viable coalition . As a result , the international community and the Palestinian leadership will have to face the reality that negotiations over the Palestinian state will be conducted with the center-right . So , what can we expect from the new Netanyahu government ? Issues that dominated the campaign , namely security and the economy , will likely dominate . For a start , Netanyahu will try to improve his record on domestic and social issues by introducing more proactive policies tied to housing and land reform . The issue of housing requires especially painful economic and bureaucratic changes over the Israel Land Authority and planning and zoning processes . But to address these Issues properly , Netanyahu will have to confront land owners and the housing constructors , meaning key structural reforms are unlikely in the short term . In addition , Netanyahu will also have to repair the fractured relationship with Washington , something that may not be easy given that ties with the Obama administration will largely depends on whether a nuclear deal over Iran is reached , and what shape such a deal takes . That raises the question over what direction the government will take over national security , and on this , the government can probably be expected to pursue the status quo . This is despite the fact that growing instability and the proliferation of non-state hostile actors suggests that Israel should instead move beyond a short-term approach and toward building a long-term , comprehensive national security strategy that could make it an integrated regional power . Making such a change would require a political process capable of resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , rather than merely kicking the can down the road . Restarting communication with the West Bank leadership and properly engaging with the Arab Peace Initiative would be steps in the right direction . All that said , this will be Netanyahu 's fourth term in office , and so there is plenty of evidence with which to judge his likely trajectory . And that suggests that he will find it easier to focus on issues tied to the economy than making any real steps forward on building a comprehensive long-tern national security strategy . Those hoping that the prime minister might rethink his national security policies are likely to be disappointed again .	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu won re-election in Tuesday 's poll Olena Bagno-Moldavsky : Netanyahu unlikely to rethink national security policies
CNN  -- Best known for quirky rom-coms like "  Say Anything , " "  High Fidelity " and "  Grosse Pointe Blank , " John Cusack returns this weekend in a gothic murder mystery entitled "  The Raven . " Cusack plays author Edgar Allan Poe . But instead of treating the story like your standard biopic , the author finds himself at the center of a serial killer investigation , where the killer is using Poe 's work for inspiration . In a rare instance in which a film portrays a writer as an actual hero , the downtrodden Poe becomes integral in solving the case , with Cusack portraying the famed writer in a very serious and dark manner . CNN recently spoke with Cusack about channeling Poe and the mash-up styles "  The Raven " uses as inspiration . CNN : Edgar Allan Poe is quite insane at times . Do you relate to him at all ? John Cusack : It 's funny , we were talking to people and somebody says that Poe reminded them of Kurt Cobain . Everybody has some tangential relationship to -LSB- Poe -RSB- . He represents this singularity and a defiance , intellectually so rebellious , and so tragic and sad . He 's almost like an archetype of a young shadow ... he 's the Godfather of Goth . The reason he 's so famous and stands the test of time ... he led an eccentric life , and a really sad life ; tormented , but he represents some sort of collective sorrow . Poetic , luminous quality . Anybody who wants to be an artist in any way , an actor or a writer , in trying to express the world in some way , Poe is the blasted soul , the perpetual orphan out there who houses all of those feelings . He 's become that . I think that 's what he represents in the collective way . CNN : You mentioned Cobain -- both died and their work has lived on , assimilating in different ways into the collective consciousness . Cusack : Yeah , I can see -LSB- Poe 's -RSB- writing influencing Hunter Thompson , who I knew and was a friend . His influences are all over : From literary , music , fashion , everything with this writing about the space between life and death , between being awake and dreaming . When he was 20 years old , he said "  I could not love , except where death was mingling his with beauty 's bated breath . " So he 's always juxtaposing almost idolatry -- the eternal feminine and the harshness of the world . He 's always caught in that space . CNN : And although he was published , he was poor mainly because copyright is n't what it is today in terms of royalties and paying artists . Cusack : There was no copyright at all , so he got paid $ 6 for "  The Raven " and then it went all over the world . He was one of the first persons to try and make a living as a writer . It was almost impossible . Writing for pennies per word . He was really destitute and struggling . At one point he was eating dandelion salads . CNN : "  The Raven " itself is very dark and gruesome at times . Cusack : Well , we always went back to the source material . We thought the construct was very Poe-like , where Poe becomes a part of one of his stories and swept up in one of his genres . I thought that conceit was very smart ; you have to have Poe deconstruct his own stories to find the killer . So , not only do you get to use all the attitudes about his own work , but you also have the other thing , "  Am I going insane ? " bit . The dance with the abyss , the madness , the mental illness . You have all those things and try to do a story that is fiction that tries to get you inside the head of Poe . It allows for more scope than I think a biopic would . CNN : It 's a very meta-treatment of his life and work . Cusack : It 's one of these weird things , if you go into it thinking this is "  The King 's Speech " or a "  Masterpiece Theater " version of a really depressed guy ... if you do the research , he was very brutal and mercurial in his moods . He was n't this inward looking sorrow master . If you understand his writing , he was an esoteric poet on a master level , but also writing pulp for Saturday afternoon thrillers . Someone said , "  Why has n't the story of Poe been done ? " I do n't think anyone 's figured out how to get the breadth of him . This was a way to get into him , his stories and mix it with some fantasies . You 're right in when you describe it as a meta-treatment . That is what we were going for . People need to understand what they 're seeing or looking at is the film that we intended to make . It does need a little bit of context ; you need to have read Poe a little bit more than English class to get what we were going for . CNN : Poe was alive when horses were the main source of travel . Do you feel comfortable acting while riding on horses ? Cusack : Yeah , yeah , I do n't mind doing that stuff . I love it all . I 'm good with horses . CNN : How would you classify "  The Raven " ? Cusack : I think it 's a mash-up of a few things : Horror , thriller , a bit fantasy , but it 's also a character study and a look at the creative process . Styles and genres that Poe made . There 's a tendency to put things in these boxes , but I think Poe was doing a lot of things . He created a lot of these genres .	John Cusack plays author Edgar Allan Poe in "  The Raven " Poe is at center of a murder investigation , where the killer gets inspiration from Poe 's work Cusack : "  A story that is fiction that tries to get you inside the head of Poe "
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russia has deployed a surface-to-air missile system in the breakaway Georgian territory of Abkhazia , the Russian air force commander said Wednesday . The S-300 system will help "  ensure the security " of Abkhazia and South Ossetia , another breakaway territory in Georgia , Russian Air Force Commander Col. Alexander Zelin told journalists Wednesday , the Russian Air Force told CNN . It is also designed to protect the Russian military base in Abkhazia , a Russian-backed territory , he said . The systems are intended to "  prevent violations of the state borders in airspace , as well as to destroy any aerial vehicles , regardless of their mission , that cross into the airspace over the protected territories without permission , " Zelin said , according to the Air Force . Russia and Georgia fought a five-day conflict in 2008 that began when Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia . The following day , Russian tanks , troops , and armored vehicles poured into both South Ossetia and Abkhazia and soon advanced into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions . A total of about 850 people were killed on all sides and untold numbers of others were wounded or left missing , a European Union fact-finding mission concluded last year . Russia and Georgia each blamed the other for starting the conflict , though the EU mission said it was rooted in a "  profusion " of causes . Moscow has since recognized South Ossetia and Abkhazia as independent regions . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Russia deploys a surface-to-air missile system in Abkhazia Abkhazia is a Russian-backed breakaway region of Georgia Moscow recognizes Abkhazia as an independent region
CNN  -- A man shot and killed seven patients and a nurse at a Carthage , North Carolina , nursing home Sunday before being wounded during a shootout with a police officer , authorities said . Relatives of the nursing home 's patients gathered at a nearby church , where they learned details of the shooting . Three other people , including the police officer and a visitor to the nursing home , were wounded in the attack , Carthage Police Chief Chris McKenzie said . The police officer was treated and released , McKenzie said . The slain patients ranged in age from 78 to 98 , Moore County District Attorney Maureen Krueger said . The man accused of carrying out the attack , 45-year-old Robert Stewart , was in custody , and his condition was unknown Sunday night , McKenzie said . Stewart was not an employee of the Pinelake Health and Rehab Center , and he did not appear to have been related to any of the patients , she said . "  There is still more to be uncovered as far as his purpose in being there , " she said . A witness told CNN affiliate WRAL-TV that Stewart was armed with a rifle , a shotgun and other weapons . The officer who stopped him , Justin Garner , "  acted in nothing short of a heroic manner " and probably stopped the carnage from being worse , Krueger said . Watch stunned community react " Jerry Avant Sr. told WRAL that his son , Jerry Avant , a 39-year-old registered nurse , was the employee who was killed in the shooting . He said a doctor told him that his son had been shot more than two dozen times . Watch father of slain nurse and ex-wife of suspect react " The doctor "  said he undoubtedly saved a lot of lives , " Avant Sr. said , speaking of his son . Stewart faces eight counts of first-degree murder and one count of felony assault on a police officer , and other charges are pending , she said . Carthage is about 60 miles southwest of Raleigh . See map showing Carthage , Raleigh " Sunday 's slayings were the latest in a series of high-profile in March , including the killings of 10 people by an Alabama man who was then killed by police . In addition , a man shot and killed a pastor in a southern Illinois church and stabbed two parishioners , and a 17-year-old in Germany killed 15 people in two small towns before dying in a shootout with police . In Carthage , crisis counselors were setting up in the town 's First Baptist Church to aid survivors of the latest killings . "  I do n't know the emotion entirely has set in , " McKenzie said . "  This is a small community built on faith , and faith will get us through . "	Slain patients ranged in age from 78 to 98 , district attorney says Nurse also among those killed at nursing home in Carthage Man suspected of carrying out attack was shot ; condition unknown , police say Police officer also wounded in shooting
WEST HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- The date was October 13 , 2007 . In four hours , T.I. was scheduled to appear at the BET Hip-Hop Awards in Atlanta , Georgia , where he was nominated for nine trophies . "  I have a lot of people to make proud , " T.I. says . Instead , the hip-hop superstar found himself handcuffed in a downtown parking lot for attempting to buy machine guns and silencers in an undercover sting . He pleaded guilty to illegal weapons possession and was sentenced to seven months of house arrest , 1,500 hours of community service and one year in jail -- which he begins serving next March . In the meantime , T.I. 's new CD , "  Paper Trail , " has become his third consecutive No. 1 album . And if that is n't enough , he sits at No. 1 and No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart with "  Live Your Life " and "  Whatever You Like . " CNN Senior Producer Denise Quan spoke with the multiplatinum rapper , born Clifford Harris Jr. , backstage before a recent show at the Key Club in West Hollywood , California . CNN : When I first heard about the charges , I said , "  You have got to be kidding . WHY ? " T.I. : Well , in order to fully understand the answer to that question , you will have to put yourself in my shoes . You know how many attempts have been made against my life ? There are people out there that would rather kill you than to tell you "  Good luck " or "  I am happy for you . " So until you understand that , you would n't understand my train of thought . iReport.com : What do you think ? Share thoughts on video Not to say it was right . It 's just my best explanation . CNN : What scares you ? T.I. : Federal court dates .  Laughs CNN : Are you scared about going to jail for a year ? T.I. : I would n't describe it as fear . I would describe it more as concerned . Concerned , and I am a little anxious . Sooner I get started , sooner I get finished . Watch T.I. talk about his hope for redemption " CNN : What do you think is the biggest misconception is about you ? T.I. : The biggest misconception is that I am a hotheaded thug . Ignorant , cold-hearted , just another ignorant rapper who had a chance at success and has done nothing but horrible things with it . Nothing can be further from the truth . CNN : Do you think you have a lot to prove ? T.I. : A lot to prove ? No . I have a lot of people to make proud . Even the government -- the people in the government who stood up for my conditions to be the way they are , rather than the way a lot of people wanted them to be . The last thing I want to do is let them down . You know , they kind of stepped outside of the norm , as far as allowing me to be at home on a house arrest situation , whereas charges like mine would have normally been no bond , no consideration for bond . When I saw that they were trying to give me another chance , that kind of showed me something -- like , "  You ca n't blow it . " You got ta meet God halfway . You have to help him help you . CNN : You 've done the seven months of house arrest . And you 're in the midst of completing the 1,500 hours of community service ordered by the court . T.I. : Absolutely , yeah . Getting people to register to vote , encouraging young kids to respect one another , and stressing the value of an education , and trying to do away with teen-on-teen violence as much as possible -- using my experiences to keep them from going down a similar path . CNN : The hip-hop community seems eager to get involved in registering young people to vote . T.I. : I think that the hip-hop community should definitely become more involved in the political process , because we are the most influential genre of entertainment in the world . CNN : But it seems as though some artists are holding back in terms of their involvement because they do n't want to hurt their candidate . T.I. : Absolutely . You know , when you look at the situation with Ludacris -LSB- who wrote a pro-Barack Obama song that was condemned by the Obama camp for its negative lyrics about other politicians -RSB- , I would not want my support of someone to hinder their chances . I think you have to know what helps and what hurts . CNN : You ca n't vote because you 're a convicted felon . T.I. : As far as I know , that is the case . CNN : How much does that hurt ? Is there a candidate you want to support ? T.I. : Well , man , it is n't necessarily about a candidate that I want to support . I feel like I owe that to my kids , my little cousins , everybody in the generation under me , to try to make this world a better place , this nation a better place . I am not going to focus on what I ca n't do . I am going to focus on what I CAN do . CNN : How many kids do you have now ? T.I. : Six . CNN : Six ?! How many kids do you want ? T.I. : I 'll have as many as the Lord blesses me with . So be it , as long as I have enough money to take care of them . I do n't ever want to have kids who do n't know their brothers and sisters . I want them all to grow up together , knowing each other , living together . I do n't ever want to have some secret children . CNN : That 's very Bob Marley of you . T.I. :  Laughs CNN : Do you think there 's been a price to pay for your success ? T.I. : Absolutely . Absolutely . There has definitely been a price to pay . So far , it has cost me my best friend -LSB- T.I. 's 26-year-old personal assistant , Philant Johnson , was killed in a freeway shooting after a 2006 concert in Cincinnati -RSB- , it has cost me time in jail , it has cost me time away from my family . I have missed four birthdays , two first days of school , four football games and a few more other things . Important outings that I would have liked to be home for . But I mean -- I 'm not going to complain about it , you know what I 'm saying ? I prayed for this for so long , and now I got it , you know ? So I am going to maintain my position . CNN : How have the experiences of the last couple of years changed you ? T.I. : In many ways . I think I have a calmer spirit . I think I have become a man of thought , rather than a man of action . I think I have evolved as a person . I think I have grown . I have stepped outside of the tough exterior shell I used to have . I am still myself . I still know how to get down with the best of them , but it ai n't necessary to show that . There is no room in my life for that part of me . CNN : Do you ever worry you are going to get into trouble again ? T.I. : Nope . That is not a slight -- I do n't even consider this . I got it now . I got it now .	T.I. was found guilty of weapons possession , will serve prison time Hip-hop star has No. 1 album in country as well as No. 1 single T.I. is reflective : "  I think I have evolved as a person "
CNN  -- Severe weather 's assault on middle America continued Tuesday , as tornadoes and thunderstorms pulverized communities and claimed at least six lives in Oklahoma and Kansas . Twisters also brewed in Dallas and several northern Texas counties , according to the National Weather Service , with at least one tornado reported on the ground . There was no rest for the weary and grieving . Joplin , Missouri , where 124 died in a tornado Sunday , was briefly under a tornado warning late Tuesday , but it was later lifted . Still , the city braced for high winds . Two motorists died when an uprooted tree slammed into their van in Stafford County , Kansas , according to the state adjutant general 's office . The deadly string of tornadoes that rampaged through central Oklahoma killed at least four people , injured dozens and destroyed homes and vehicles , officials said . Canadian County , Oklahoma , Sheriff Randall Edwards told CNN a large tornado that crossed I-40 near El Reno destroyed residences and caused a gas leak at an energy plant west of the state capital . Four people died in the county , said Cherokee Ballard , spokesperson for the state medical examiner . The twister injured motorists on I-40 and U.S. 81 , Canadian County Emergency Management Director Jerry Smith said . There were reports of property damage in the area . El Reno city spokesman Terry Floyd said 20 workers were injured at a drilling rig . Police and fire crews are searching for a missing 3-year-old old child in Piedmont , northwest of Oklahoma City , according to an emergency services worker who asked not to be named because she was not authorized to speak to the media . "  Our town is totally leveled , " she said . "  All you can find now is debris and foundations , " said the emergency services worker , her voice cracking with emotion . "  We 're still searching for survivors . We 'll be here all night . " Another tornado was seen at Chickasha , about 40 miles southwest of Oklahoma City . It later reached Newcastle , before pushing through Moore and Norman , suburbs of Oklahoma City . The National Weather Service warned residents and I-44 drivers to take precautionary action . About 1,200 people packed a shelter in Newcastle , a bedroom community near Oklahoma City , during the storm , said City Manager Nick Nazar . "  That saved lives . " "  We have been extremely lucky , " he said . "  Minor injuries so far . " About 100 people were displaced , and 50 homes were rendered uninhabitable , Nazar told CNN . Two or three businesses were damaged , as was an elementary school . Statewide , at least 60 people were hurt and nearly 58,000 homes lost power , according to the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management . The tornado that passed through Chickasha also damaged several other communities , including Newcastle . "  It came right past the store , " said Chickasha AutoZone employee Nathaniel Charlton . "  They had a little debris thrown across the parking lot . It was on the ground , but it was n't bad . " Sirens went off about 20 minutes before the storm pushed through , Charlton told CNN . State officials received reports of damaged businesses in Chickasha . "  This is an extremely dangerous and life-threatening situation , " the National Weather Service said during the storms . No tornado damage was immediately reported within Oklahoma City 's borders . Some employees at the weather agency 's Storm Prediction Center in Norman briefly took shelter as a tornado approached , a spokesman told CNN . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin cited the storms ' intensity . "  We 're still not out of the woods yet , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper as strong storms moved across her state Tuesday evening . First responders were heading toward communities that have reported damage to homes , Fallin said . Randy McCown , administrator at First Baptist Church of Piedmont , said the church was operating as a shelter for residents . CNN Oklahoma City affiliates broadcast images of funnel clouds that dumped rain as they moved into more populated areas . KWTV broadcast images of destroyed and damaged homes in El Reno . The University of Oklahoma , based in Norman , on Tuesday afternoon suspended classes at its three campuses . At Norman 's Tarahumara Restaurant , which specializes in Mexican food , all 20 employees showed up for work , though none of the customers did for nearly two hours preceding the storm 's arrival , said manager Juan de Leon . As the storm struck at about 5:45 p.m. , he and the wait staff watched news programs on the restaurant 's 10 television sets in fear , he said . But when it hit , they were unimpressed . "  Just rain , " said de Leon in a telephone interview . "  It looked like normal rain . " Hail was mixed in , but the bits of ice were nothing special , "  little bitty ones , " he said . Two hours later , he said , the restaurant had filled up and it was business as usual . Tornado watches were in effect Tuesday evening in Texas , Missouri , Arkansas , Oklahoma and Kansas . In anticipation of the severe weather , American Airlines canceled 126 arriving and departing flights at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport , spokesman Ed Martelle told CNN . Operations were suspended late Tuesday afternoon at Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma City . A tornado was reported Tuesday in the Texas community of Bedford . The tornado that struck Joplin on Sunday killed at least 124 people , authorities said Tuesday , making it the deadliest single U.S. tornado since modern record-keeping began more than 60 years ago . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Matt Smith , Tom Watkins , Phil Gast , Dana Ford , Rick Martin , Sean Morris and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Tornado warning lifted in Joplin , Missouri A young child is missing in Oklahoma city Two are killed during Kansas storms 1,200 people jam into shelter in Oklahoma City suburb
CNN  -- The South Carolina Ethics Commission has charged Gov. Mark Sanford with 37 counts of violating state ethics laws , according to a complaint released by the commission on Monday . The complaint follows a three-month investigation into Sanford 's use of taxpayer money . Sanford is accused of using tax money to buy business-class airfare on domestic and international flights , flying on a state-owned aircraft to political gatherings or events "  which involved no official business , " and spending campaign funds for personal use such as buying a ticket to attend President Obama 's inauguration in January . South Carolina law requires state officials to buy the lowest fares available for flights , and bars the use of state aircraft for personal use . Sanford 's office did not respond to requests for comment about the charges . The governor , once a rising star in the Republican Party before he revealed an extramarital affair in June , faces a hearing along with his legal team before a three-member ethics panel . Cathy Hazelwood , general counsel to the state Ethics Commission , said no date has been set for the hearing . After arguments are presented , the panel will determine if Sanford broke any state laws . The ethics case involves civil charges that are punishable by fines , and Sanford can appeal decisions up to the state Supreme Court . Only the state attorney general , Henry McMaster , can decide to pursue criminal charges against the governor . McMaster is reviewing the allegations to determine if any laws were broken . The new charges compound Sanford 's political problems , which have been simmering for months as investigators scrutinized his finances . State legislators already have filed an impeachment resolution against the governor for leaving the state this summer to visit his Argentine mistress without installing a proper chain of command or informing his staff . A special House subcommittee will meet in Columbia on Tuesday to formally consider the resolution for the first time . State Rep. Greg Delleney , a Republican and one of the sponsors of the impeachment resolution , said he expects the subcommittee to look over the ethics commission results during the Thanksgiving holiday and decide whether to adjust the measure to include material from the ethics complaint . Delleney said he thinks Monday 's report will give new momentum to the impeachment push . "  The sheer volume of the violations might be useful in bringing some more representatives over to the side of impeachment , " Delleney said . If the special subcommittee decides to move forward with impeachment , the resolution will be passed onto the Judiciary Committee , which will then vote on whether to bring it to the floor of the legislature when lawmakers return to the state capital of Columbia in January . For Sanford to be forcibly removed from office , two-thirds of the South Carolina House and and two-thirds of the state Senate must vote to impeach him .	Sanford is accused of using tax money for personal travel Sanford announced affair with Argentine woman in June Ethics case involves civil charges that are punishable by fines Legislators already have filed an impeachment resolution against Sanford
CNN  Embattled NBC News anchor Brian Williams may have some more explaining to do . On May 3 , 2011 , just two days after the daring U.S. Navy SEAL Team 6 raid that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan , Williams said on his NBC News show , "  Now , people might be hearing about SEAL Team 6 . I happen to have the great honor of flying into Baghdad with them at the start of the war . " With this statement Williams asserted that he was embedded with one of the most covert units in the U.S. military and flew with the SEALs into Iraq in March 2003 as the war there began . When asked about this claim , a Special Operations Command spokesman Ken McGraw told CNN : "  We do not embed journalists with that unit or any other unit that conducts counterterrorism missions . Bottom line -- no . " Could Williams have simply hitched a ride into Iraq with SEAL Team 6 outside of the formal embedding process ? This seems quite unlikely . A SEAL officer told CNN , "  That early in the conflict , there were only missions taking place , not bouncing between outstations . " Williams was suspended this week for six months without pay as anchor of "  NBC Nightly News " after it emerged that he had embellished the tale of a helicopter ride in Iraq , claiming incorrectly to have been on a chopper that was hit by rocket fire . NBC is conducting a fact-checking investigation of Williams ' statements . The Huffington Post first reported that there were questions about Williams ' statements about the SEALs . William has made further claims about his purportedly tight relationship with the men of SEAL Team 6 , saying on the "  Late Show With David Letterman " in January 2013 , "  About six weeks after the Bin Laden raid , I got a white envelope and in it was a thank-you note , unsigned . And in it was a piece of the fuselage of the blown-up Black Hawk in that courtyard . Sent to me by one of my friends . " The SEAL officer says this seems unlikely given that "  there 's no connection between the guys that went in early  ' 03  and the guys at A-bad , " an abbreviation for the city of Abbottabad , Pakistan , where the bin Laden raid was carried out . Also , why SEAL Team 6 would want to thank Williams after the bin Laden raid is inexplicable as he had nothing to do with any element of it . In the course of reporting the book "  Manhunt : The Ten-Year Search for bin Laden -- From 9/11 to Abbottabad , " I interviewed dozens of the key officials who played a role in finding bin Laden or planned or executed the raid that killed him . None of them mentioned Williams as having any role in any of this . Two of the key players I interviewed for the book had been given mementos by SEAL Team 6 . One was Leon Panetta , the CIA director who oversaw the successful hunt for bin Laden . And the other was Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the former commander of Joint Special Operations Command that oversees SEAL Team 6 , who was presented with an American flag that members of the unit had taken on the bin Laden mission . But what makes Williams claim that he was given a piece of the helicopter that went down at the compound in Abbottabad where bin Laden was living even more implausible is what happened the night of the raid . Members of SEAL Team 6 were flying in "  stealth " helicopters that radar ca n't detect . One of those helicopters crashed at bin Laden 's compound in the first minute or so of the raid . After the helicopter crashed , the SEALs killed both of bin Laden 's bodyguards , his son and bin Laden . They then went around the compound picking up bin Laden 's computer hard drives and documents . What else has NBC News dug up on Williams ? All of this took about 30 minutes . By now there was great anxiety that Pakistani army units or others unknown would arrive at the scene , and there might be a firefight . The SEALs decided to leave as soon as possible . The SEALs set explosives on the downed helicopter to blow it up so that its stealth technology would not fall into the wrong hands . They detonated a massive charge inside the downed helicopter and immediately departed the scene . If Williams ' story is true , then during all this intense drama one of the SEALs took the time to pick up a piece of the damaged helicopter fuselage that he would later send to his favorite news anchor . Three weeks after the raid , the helicopter tail , which had survived the crash , was returned to the United States by Pakistan . It 's also implausible that a SEAL Team 6 member would have then acquired a piece of this tail fuselage to send to Williams . How Williams ' Iraq story changed CNN asked NBC News to comment on Williams and the SEALs , but the network is not publicly discussing the issue while it conducts its investigation of a number of claims he has made that also relate to his coverage of the Iraq War as well as of Hurricane Katrina . Williams also has not been commenting . In the news business there is a sardonic phrase about stories that do n't quite pass the smell test . They are called "  a story too good to check . " Unfortunately , for Williams his SEAL Team 6 stories , among others , that may have been "  too good to check , " are now being checked .	Brian Williams said he traveled with SEAL Team 6 , got memento from Osama bin Laden raid Peter Bergen says claims may require review since SEALs took great pains to be covert
CNN  -- A man charged in the beheading death of his seatmate on a Greyhound Canada bus last summer is not criminally responsible because he is mentally ill , a judge ruled Thursday , said CNN affiliate CBC News . The ruling means that Vince Weiguang Li will be hospitalized at a psychiatric facility until he undergoes a review by Manitoba 's Criminal Code Review Board in 90 days , CBC said . "  The goal of criminal law is to punish criminals , not persons who have a severe mental illness , " Manitoba Court of Queen 's Bench Judge John Scurfield wrote in the ruling , CBC reported . However , the ruling angered relatives of Tim McLean Jr. , 22 , who died on the bus July 30 . "  The bottom line is , he is getting away with murder , " Vana Smart , McLean 's sister , told CBC . Watch how the verdict angers the victim 's family " Prosecutors told reporters Thursday they had no choice but to ask the judge to find Li not criminally responsible . "  This was justice because the correct conclusion was reached , " prosecutor Joyce Dalmyn said , according to CBC . "  Mr. Li is a schizophrenic . Mr. Li had a severe mental disease . Mr. Li , in my opinion and in the opinion of the psychiatrists , had no idea what he was doing was wrong . " Li , 40 , was charged with second-degree murder in McLean 's death . A witness on the bus , which was headed from Edmonton , Alberta , to Winnipeg , Manitoba , said a passenger repeatedly stabbed and then decapitated McLean as horrified passengers watched . Just before his death , the victim had been sleeping with his head leaning against the window . "  There was a blood-curdling scream . I was just reading my book and all of a sudden I heard it , " Garnet Caton , who was sitting in front of the two men , told Canadian TV at the time . She said the knife-wielding man shouted at the other passengers to get off the bus , and they did . "  Me and a trucker that stopped and the Greyhound driver ran up to the door to maybe see if the guy was still alive or we could help or something like that , " Caton said . "  And when we all got up  to the door  , we saw that the guy was cutting off the guy 's head . " Thirty-four passengers were on the bus . Police said at the time it was unclear what prompted the attack . Witnesses said Li 's weapon was a large butcher knife . Li was arrested after an hours-long standoff , during which he remained in the bus with McLean 's body . Police said he was seized after he broke a window and attempted to jump from the bus . "  Mr. Li is also a victim here , " said Ruth Ann Craig of the Canadian Mental Health Association , according to CBC . "  What 's going to happen to Mr. Li is not a cakewalk . " He will be housed in a locked psychiatric ward , Craig said , while he undergoes assessment and treatment to determine whether he is a risk to himself or society . But Tim McLean 's mother , Carol deDelley , said she will fight to change the law regarding these types of crimes . "  I 'm going to do everything I can to make a change here , " she said , CBC reported . McLean 's father said he is also disappointed with the ruling . "  We 've all lost a family member , " he told CBC . "  This is n't the right result . "	Vince Weiguang Li will be hospitalized at a psychiatric facility Ruling angers relatives of the victim , Tim McLean Jr. , 22 "  This was justice , " prosecutor tells Canadian television station
CNN  -- Russia is in the midst of its biggest war games since Soviet times , with 160,000 troops , 130 planes , 70 ships and thousands of tanks and armored vehicles participating in the country 's Far East , according to media reports . Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the drills last Friday and they began that night , according to reports from the RIA Novosti news agency . Putin flew to Sakhalin island off the eastern coast to oversee the games on Tuesday , Russia 's presidential press service reported . "  The main purpose of the activities is to check the readiness of the military units to perform assigned tasks and evaluate of the level of personnel 's training and technical preparation as well as the level of equipment of units with arms and military equipment , " the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement reported by Russian Television . "  The Sakhalin part of the maneuvers was intended to simulate a response to a hypothetical attack by Japanese and U.S. forces , " Konstantin Sivkov , who is retired from the Russian military 's General Staff , told the Nezavisimaya Gazeta newspaper , according to a report from the BBC . But Russia 's deputy defense minister , Anatoly Antonov , said the games were designed to "  enhance the army 's combat readiness " and were not directed against any specific nations , the BBC reported . Some of the units involved in the exercises moved more than 3,000 kilometers  1,800 miles  from their bases to participate , according to the Russian media reports . The current drills , which are expected to last through the week , are the latest in a series of snap exercises conducted by the Russian military this year , Russian Television reported . Similar drills have been conducted in the country 's west , south and central military districts , the report said .	President Putin oversees games from Sakhalin island 160,000 troops involved Games began last Friday
Atlanta  CNN  -- A winged piece of history sits parked at a small airport . It 's 70 years old , and in a few minutes , I 'll know firsthand if this old warbird can still fly . In all , nearly 13,000 B-17 Flying Fortresses rolled off the assembly lines . Now , only about a dozen flying B-17s remain -- in the entire world . These are the famous bombers that helped the Allies win World War II . Every year planes like these are retired to aviation junkyards , destined for a rusty demise . But there 's a group out there working to preserve the precious legacy of these planes by keeping them flying . OK , that 's all nice and everything -- but it 's not really at the top of my mind . Right now , I 'm just trying to fit inside this thing , along with seven other passengers . Getting aboard involves stepping up a short ladder and ducking through a small hatch in the back of the plane . Seat cushions ? Surely you jest . Instead , the B-17 offers webbed , canvas seats bolted to the side walls of the cabin . They make seating on a small regional jet comfortable by comparison . Seat belt : check . Camera : yep . Ready for an unforgettable flight ? You bet . I need to pay attention . Bill , our host , is announcing something important . "  Whatever you do , " Bill tells us , "  do n't touch the overhead cables . " There they are -- just a couple of feet above me . The wire cables directly connect cockpit controls in the front of the plane to the tail rudder and "  elevators " in the back . Basically , they help steer the plane . So yeah , we kind of need those to work . Note to self : Do n't touch the cables . Tip No. 2 : Stay away from the bomb bay doors . They can probably hold no more than 110 pounds . Any heavier than that , Bill says , you 'll be doing some unplanned skydiving without a parachute . By the way , there ARE parachutes on this ancient plane , right ? Nope , says Bill . As the plane 's four propeller engines sputter to life , I 'm tweeting  with misspelled words  about how LOUD they are and how they 're spewing the smell of oil . "  A great sound and smell , " Stephen L Avery tweets back . Inches from my head sits a replica machine gun . Near that , a side window with a view of the plane 's whirling propellers . Before I know it , the pilot is gunning the engines and we 're accelerating down the runway . It 's bumpy , deafening -- and we 're airborne ! Bill indicates it 's safe to stand up and walk around -- although there is n't much to grab on to . This waist gunner station -- because gunners stand up in the middle of the aircraft -- was the most dangerous job on the aircraft because they were so easily targeted . Images of faceless military crew members who 've flown aboard this plane cross my mind and -- WHOA ! -- the plane takes a surprise left bank 1,600 feet above Atlanta ! Hold on ! Keep in mind no one is shooting at us . Combat conditions here were uncomfortable at best : no temperature-controlled , pressurized cabins . Imagine trying to fight off enemy planes amid the overwhelming roar and the freezing cold seeping in from outside . I 'm not the only aviation geek who 's awestruck . I look around to see other passengers who clearly get it : Flying aboard this plane puts them a little closer to history -- and a lot closer than they 'd feel in a dimly lit aviation museum . They 're trading smartphones and taking photos of each other , to treasure the moment . "  I ca n't wait to tell my dad about this , " one avgeek tells me . At one point I step carefully across a gun ball turret embedded into the floor , where a small gunner would fire on enemy planes . A stiff wind whips into my face through a quarter-inch-wide gap between the turret and the plane 's body . Waaaaay down below I can see the trees and homes of Atlanta rushing by at about 160 mph . That 's solid ground down there ! Despite the windy gaps , the B-17 was named the Flying Fortress for a reason . Its resilient design gained a reputation for taking a beating and still bringing its crew home alive . As for this crew , the pilot starts lining up with the runway and we 're told to buckle up . We touch down on the runway . The old-fashioned tires give a weird little yelp . Our 20-minute adventure is over . For me , the stories I 'd read in history books had come to life . The experience was nothing short of thrilling . These refurbished warbirds are as close as most of us will ever come to understanding the horror and stress of aerial combat during WW II . Amazingly , some are still able to fly across the nation , visiting air shows from coast to coast . Last weekend , "  Sentimental Journey " -- the plane I flew on -- traveled from its home base in Arizona to Atlanta 's DeKalb Peachtree Airport . The planes are operated by the Commemorative Air Force , a national group which has been working to restore and maintain flying warbirds since 1957 . Events like these offer younger generations a living , breathing , real-world lesson about these planes ' contribution to history . "  Unlike static museums , you can go out and see them in their natural state , " says Steve Brown , CAF president . "  You get the oil , the smoke , the smell . You can ride inside them and imagine . " During battle , P-51 Mustangs often escorted B-17s for protection -- engaging in dogfights with enemy fighters , if need be . They were among the fastest and most nimble fighter planes of the era . Less than a few hundred are still flying today . "  You do n't really have time for emotions " during dogfights , says ex-Mustang pilot Robert "  Punchy " Powell . Powell escorted B-17s during the 1944 D-Day Allied invasion of France . "  You 're not thinking too much about what you have to do . You do it because you 've been trained to do it , and your experience makes you do what you 're supposed to do . " Now 93 , Powell destroyed six enemy planes between September 1943 and August of '44 as part of the U.S. Army Air Force 's 352nd Fighter Group "  Bluenosed Bastards of Bodney , " out of Bodney , England . Mustangs were made for two things : shooting and speed . They bristled with guns and boasted a top speed of about 300 mph . "  It was n't hard to fly , " Powell says . "  It was a very stable , easy airplane . " On D-Day , Powell took off from England toward France during a night mission to escort B-17s . Later that day , Powell 's squadron was among more than 1,000 fighters in the air shooting up "  convoys , tanks and trains and buses and motorcycles -- whatever moved toward the beaches . " When he first sat down inside a Mustang cockpit , Powell was only 21 years old . "  All of us can reflect on what were doing at age 19 , 20 , " says the CAF 's Brown , a former Army aviator . "  Now put yourself in these complex airplanes , flying thousands of miles over water , away from home to drop bombs while you 're being attacked . It 's pretty amazing to think about . " Related story : D-Day paratrooper jumps again , 70 years later The CAF operates 162 restored warplanes from WWII and beyond and shows them at air shows and airports across the U.S. "  to educate Americans about what these aircraft did -- and what role they played in our freedom , " says Brown . The air shows help fund its $ 24 million yearly budget , along with membership fees and donations . Its members number about 12,000 . By next year , the CAF plans to move its headquarters from Midland , Texas , to a small executive airport southwest of downtown Dallas . There , the group plans to build a $ 40-million , world-class aviation museum . "  We expect to attract a quarter million visitors a year or more , " Brown says . "  And we 'll have aircraft on display in a unique venue . " Powell says "  the glamour days are over . " He knows dogfighting is all but obsolete as more aircraft attack by using precise , long-range guided missiles . "  In the future , most of the air combat will be what they 're beginning to do today : long-distance firing and drones , " Powell says . "  Recently , I heard a general say that the last fighter pilot has already been born . It takes about 20 years to raise and train a fighter pilot . Imagine what the technology will be in 20 years . In the future , there wo n't be any dogfighting . " As the "  greatest generation " passes on , Brown says America 's youngest generation has no understanding of WWII and what it was like to defend the nation during those dark times . With that in mind , the CAF sees itself as much more than a group of warplane enthusiasts . "  We 're here to inspire , " Brown says . "  We can use the inspiration of what they accomplished then to inspire us accomplish great things in the future . "	Only about a dozen WW II-era B-17 bombers still fly Nearly 13,000 "  Flying Fortresses " were made , starting in 1935 The Commemorative Air Force restores and flies B-17s and other classics The CAF plans a $ 40-million , world-class aviation museum in Dallas
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Kurdish lawmakers announced Monday they would submit their resignations from Parliament , three days after Turkey 's highest court banned their political party on charges that it was a "  focal point for terrorism . " Ahmet Turk , the co-chairman of the now-defunct Democratic Society Party -- known by its initials in Turkish , DTP -- made the announcement in a statement to the media Monday evening in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir . Last Friday 's closure by the Constitutional Court stripped Turk and fellow co-chair , Aysel Tugluk , of their parliamentary seats and banned them both from politics for the next five years . The announcement that the remaining 19 elected lawmakers from their party would now resign in protest may exacerbate simmering tensions between the state and Turkey 's minority of some 12 million ethnic Kurds . "  The decision of the constitutional court might deprive a significant segment of Turkish voters from political representation , " said a spokesman for the European Commission , in a dispatch from the French news agency AFP . Earlier Friday , Ahmet Turk denounced the court ban in a speech before a crowd of some 10,000 supporters in Diyarbakir , the unofficial political capital of Turkey 's Kurds . "  I know the mentality of the state and the politicians of this country , " he said . "  We did not expect anything different because they can not tolerate the existence of the Kurds . They can not tolerate our identity . They can not tolerate our language . " After the speech , several hundred Kurds took to the streets , throwing stones and clashing with Turkish riot police , who retaliated by firing tear gas and water cannons . The banning of the DTP came after more then a week of riots and clashes between police and Kurdish protesters in cities and towns across Turkey . Tensions have rapidly escalated , amid reports that the jailed leader of the Kurdish separatist movement -- the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , known as the PKK -- was moved to a smaller prison cell , and after the PKK claimed responsibility for a deadly ambush last week that killed seven Turkish soldiers . In Istanbul on Sunday , Kurdish protesters threw rocks and Molotov cocktails and clashed with police in a central commercial district . At one point , gun - and club-wielding Turkish ultranationalists joined the fray . Explosions of ethnic anger were not limited to Turkey 's largest city . In the eastern Turkish town of Malatya , Turkish nationalists were filmed scuffling with Kurdish demonstrators Sunday . Police struggled to keep the two groups apart as they kicked and cursed at each other in the street . Clashes also erupted on Monday in the coastal city of Adana and in the border town of Dogubayazit , Turkey 's official Anatolian news agency reported . Anatolian reported that nine demonstrators were detained and that one demonstrator and five police officers were injured in the Dogubayazit clash . Signs identifying the now-defunct DTP have been removed from the front of the 19th-century , four-story building where the party 's Istanbul headquarters is located . Two prior incarnations of the DTP have been shut down by the Turkish state within the last decade . Mustafa Avci , the chairman of the party 's Istanbul branch , said the Turkish state is forcing conflict on the country 's Kurdish minority . "  They are forcing this on us , " Avci said in an interview with CNN on Monday . "  Therefore , they are the ones who practice terrorism , not us . ... Those who want war are terrorists . "	NEW : Kurdish lawmakers say they 'll resign seats , days after court banned their party NEW : Struggle may leave many voters without representation , European Commission says Turkey 's highest court banned DTP last week , calling it "  focal point for terrorism " Police , Kurdish protesters , and Turkish nationalists have clashed in streets recently
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli troops Thursday killed a Palestinian militant trying to cross into Israel from Gaza and wounded another , according to Palestinian security sources . Israeli soldiers stand in front of the Kerem Shalom crossing Thursday on the Israel-Gaza border . Three armed militants tried to infiltrate into Israel near the Kerem Shalom crossing along the southern Gaza border , according to the Israeli military . Israel Defense Forces said it fired at the militants , hitting two of them . It was unclear what happened to the third . In a separate operation , Israeli forces killed another Palestinian militant Thursday near Jabalya in northern Gaza , Palestinian security sources said . The militant was part of a group trying to launch a mortar shell , sources said . On April 9 , Palestinian militants infiltrated Israel through the Nahal Oz border crossing in northern Gaza and fired on the fuel terminal there , killing two Israeli civilian workers . In response , Israel halted already reduced fuel shipments to Gaza . It restarted some shipments on Wednesday but shut down the terminal again Thursday because of Palestinian sniper fire , according to the Israeli military . During the brief time the terminal was open , Israel sent 437,000 liters of diesel fuel and 93 tons of gas to Gaza via Nahal Oz , the only transit route for delivering fuel supplies to Gaza . Israeli forces also clashed early Thursday with Palestinian militants in the West Bank village of Qabatiya , killing the local Islamic Jihad leader and his deputy , the Israeli military said . Bilal Hamuda Machmud Zaalah and his deputy , Adin Machmud Hasani Avidot , were hiding in a vehicle when Israeli soldiers and security forces spotted them and surrounded the vehicle , the military said . "  After confirming that the two men were armed , forces fired at the wanted men , killing both , " according to an IDF statement . Israel blames Zaalah for attacks against Israeli forces in the West Bank town of Jenin as well as other planned strikes inside Israel . But Palestinian medical sources and witnesses said Israeli forces surrounded a house around 3 a.m. , ordering the two members of Islamic Jihad to surrender . The militants would n't come out , the sources said , and they died in an exchange of fire with the soldiers . The violence came a day after Israeli airstrikes and ground battles with Palestinian militants in Gaza left 21 dead -- 18 Palestinians and three Israeli soldiers -- according to Palestinian security sources . A Reuters cameraman and two bystanders were killed in an apparent airstrike near El Bureij refugee camp in central Gaza , according to Hamas security sources and Palestinian medical sources . Other civilians and Palestinian militants also were killed in an Israeli strike on El Bureij . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , in a statement through his spokesman , said he 's "  gravely concerned at the escalation of violence in Gaza and southern Israel " on Wednesday . "  He condemns the reported civilian casualties among Palestinians , including children , during Israeli military operations , and calls on Israel to abide by its obligations under international humanitarian law and human rights law , " the statement said . "  The secretary-general also reiterates his condemnation of rocket fire against Israeli civilian targets . He urges all parties to exercise restraint . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Israel closes fuel terminal on Gaza border after sniper fire , military says Israel says its troops fired on militants from Gaza trying to infiltrate border One killed , one wounded , Palestinian security sources say In separate incident , Israel says two Islamic Jihad militants killed in West Bank
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- Gunmen attacked a convoy Sunday in Somalia and took several hostages , including two foreign aid workers from the group Doctors Without Borders . Medecins San Frontieres workers , shown here , were abducted and released in March in Sudan . Local staff said a three-car convoy was traveling from Rabbure to Hudur in southwestern Somalia , escorted by local bodyguards , when gunmen seized the group . The district commissioner of Rabbure said the only people released were elders accompanying the staff , with the local and international staff kept as hostages . Doctors Without Borders , widely known by its French name Medecins Sans Frontieres , did not immediately release the identities or nationalities of the hostages . MSF is an international medical group that works in more than 60 countries . It says it helps people "  threatened by violence , neglect , or catastrophe . " Michel Peremans , international coordinator for operational communications for MSF Belgium , which operates in the region , confirmed that the organization had lost contact with two of its staff in Somalia . Rabbure is in the Bakole region , which is under the control of the group al-Shabaab , considered a terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department . Al-Shabaab was once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union , which took over most of southern Somalia in the second half of 2006 . The United States says the group is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network , and the U.S. backed an Ethiopian invasion that drove the ICU from power in 2006 . The ICU 's former leader , Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , became president after Ethiopian troops withdrew in January . Al-Shabaab rejected the peace agreement that led to the Ethiopian withdrawal and is now fighting Sheikh Ahmed 's government . Attacks on aid workers in the region are common , and U.N. staff came under attack this year . In Sudan , on the other side of Ethiopia , four workers from Medecins Sans Frontieres were abducted in March and released a few days later . All four -- an Italian doctor , a Canadian nurse , a French coordinator and a Sudanese guard -- worked for the Belgian section of the humanitarian organization Medecins Sans Frontieres . Sudan last month ordered 13 major aid groups to leave the country after the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , accusing him of war crimes and crimes against humanity . CNN 's Mohammed Amin and Carol Jordan contributed to this report .	Gunman seized convoy in southwestern Somalia , let elders go , abducted workers Doctors without Borders has not yet released the names of those abducted Attacks on aid workers are common in the region
CNN  Rescuers on Saturday refloated 66 pilot whales stranded on a remote beach in New Zealand as a race to save their lives continued . Nearly 200 whales were beached Friday in Farewell Spit on New Zealand 's South Island . Scores got back in the water , only to return to land -- leaving more than 100 dead . When the incident started , 140 conservationists and experts rushed to water down the giant mammals , cover them and try to refloat them back into the water . "  Refloating stranded whales is a difficult and potentially dangerous job , " said Andrew Lamason , the department 's services manager for Golden Bay . The stranding of large sea mammals is nothing new to New Zealand , where the Department of Conservation responds to an average 85 such incidents a year . But most of the time , it 's just one or two whales or dolphins . Mass strandings are rare , especially on the scale of what 's happening around Golden Bay . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jethro Mullen and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Pilot whales have been stranded on remote New Zealand beach since Friday More than 100 have died
CNN  -- A late equalizer from Jo ensured Manchester City got the draw they needed at Italian giants Juventus to top their Europa League group , but holders Atletico Madrid are out . The English Premier League side , deprived of Argentina striker Carlos Tevez who handed in a transfer request last week , fell behind on 43 minutes when Niccolo Giannetti tapped home Alessandro Del Piero 's cross . But England winger Adam Johnson found Jo with a defence-splitting pass in the 77th minute and the Brazilian made no mistake from inside the penalty area . It meant Juventus , who were already out of the competition , drew all six of their matches . After the game City manager Roberto Mancini told reporters : Mancini said : "  I am very happy , because we wanted this , and it was very important to finish top of the group . "  We have a chance to go all the way , but it is important to have a good draw for the next round , and after that we will see . " City 's point sees them finish top of Group A , ahead of Lech Poznan on goal difference . The Polish side won 1-0 against Salzburg , of Austria , thanks to Semir Stilic 's goal . Atletico Madrid , who won last year 's Europa League , were knocked out after a 1-1 draw in Germany with Bayer Leverkusen . Patrick Helmes put the hosts in front before Fran Merida leveled shortly after . The Spanish club had to better Aris Salonika 's result against Rosenborg to go through but failed on both counts after Aris triumphed 2-0 and clinched second place . Lille took second place in Group C from Belgian side Gent with a 3-0 victory in France . Ludovic Obraniak , Pierre-Alain Frau and Moussa Sow all found the net . Levski Sofia , from Bulgaria , claimed their second victory in the competition with a 1-0 win over Sporting Lisbon . The Portuguese club had already qualified as group winners . In Group G , Russian outfit Zenit St Petersburg maintained their perfect record with a 3-0 win over AEK Athens of Greece . Alexander Bukharov , Alessandro Rosina and Igor Denisov were all on target . Belgian club Anderlecht compounded AEK 's misery by securing qualification in second place after a 2-0 victory over Hadjuk Split of Croatia . They went through by virtue of a better goal difference . Matters had already been decided in Group H and German side VfB Stuttgart maintained their impressive form with a 5-1 thumping of Odense , from Denmark . Russian striker Pavel Pogrebniak was on target as they finished top . Switzerland 's Young Boys were beaten 1-0 in Spain by Getafe thanks to Adrian Corpa 's goal but finished two points clear in second place . In Group I , Sampdoria 's miserable run continued as the Italian side went down 2-0 to Debrecen of Hungary . Peter Kabat grabbed both goals . Dutch side PSV Eindhoven finished top of the group after a 0-0 draw with Metalist Kharkiv . The Ukrainian club go through in second place .	A late goal from Jo ensured Manchester City a 1-1 draw with Juventus English club City finish top of their Europa League group as a result Holders Atletico Madrid are dumped out of the competition at Bayer Leverkusen Zenit St Petersburg make it six wins out of six with a 3-0 victory over AEK Athens
CNN  -- From humble feature phones to souped-up tablets , mobile devices have become a major player in America 's media landscape . New research from comScore shows that nearly half of all Americans now access some kind of mobile media : browsing the mobile Web , using mobile apps or downloading content via a mobile device . Furthermore , mobile users increasingly own multiple mobile devices that they use in various ways over the course of a day or simultaneously , making them what comScore calls "  digital omnivores . " "  Not too long ago , consumers depended solely on their desktop computer or laptop to connect online , " the report says . "  Now , a growing number of consumers are likely to access a wide variety of digital content across a multitude of devices on a daily basis . "  With smartphones , tablets and other connected devices , consumers have become digital omnivores -- not just because of the media they consume but also in how they consume it . Cross-platform consumption has created a vastly different digital landscape , and it is one that requires insight into both the individual usage of devices as well as the nature of their complementary use . " Digital omnivore ? Guilty as charged . Here 's how this works in my life : On a typical workday , while I 'm making my morning tea , I 'm also downloading that day 's audio podcasts to my computer . I sync these up with my iPod so I can listen to the news while I make breakfast and hit the gym . While I 'm walking to the gym , a podcast news story captures my interest . I stop on the sidewalk for a minute , pull out my Android phone and do a Google search to find the version of that story on the podcast 's website . I scan the first few paragraphs and realize I 'll want to read the story later in-depth . So from my phone , I share that story to my Instapaper account  a free service that saves and delivers long-format text content in a format easy to read on a variety of mobile devices  . Later that afternoon , on my lunch break , I pull out my Kindle and sync it via wi-fi to my Amazon account . The Kindle downloads my latest Instapaper archive : a few articles I 've recently saved , including the article from that morning . I read these while having lunch . One story in that Instapaper batch mentions a new film that sounds interesting , a remake of "  The Thing . " So I pull out my phone , launch the Internet Movie Database app and watch the trailer . I like it so much , I tweet about it and post it to a group of friends on Google + , all from my phone . By then , I 've finished my soup , and it 's time to get back to work . Notice that I have n't turned on a TV or radio or opened a printed newspaper or magazine at all that day . That 's normal for me . Still , I 'm accessing comparable  and arguably more useful , flexible and actionable  kinds of content via devices that I can easily carry around anywhere I go . Also : No trees were harmed in the making of this content experience . I do n't personally own a tablet  I have n't found one that suits my needs at a price I 'm willing to pay  , but according to comScore , the emergence of tablets is making the media landscape ever richer and more complex -- and more fragmented . While tablets are still a very small part of the mobile market , comScore says three out of five tablet users get some kind of news on this device , and 25 % do so daily or most days . As a journalist , I take that as potential good news -- in the long run . But for now , even though half of Americans are already accessing some kind of mobile content , this contingent is still a long , long way from taking over digital media as a whole . The comScore report notes , "  The share of non-computer traffic for the U.S. stood at 6.8 % in August 2011 , with two-thirds of that traffic coming from mobile phones and tablets accounting for much of the remainder . " This traffic measurement includes only browser-based page views -- just a subset of all Internet traffic  which encompasses everything from e-mail to app support to streaming video to cloud computing and storage  . But still , 6.8 % is a soberingly small figure , considering how much media attention mobile technology is getting . In the big picture , for now , digital media still exist mainly in the realm of computers that rely on wired broadband connections . But this is changing fast : IDC recently predicted that by 2015 , more Americans will access the Internet via wireless connections  wi-fi and wireless carriers  than "  wireline " connections  cable modem , DSL , etc.  . Where is this trend heading ? Among its conclusions , comScore notes , "  Devices influence the way people consume content and it is important to remember that they do not exist in isolation of one another , but have a complementary relationship in consumers ' lives . " In other words , it 's a bit like drug interactions : different media and communication devices affect us in different ways , especially in combination . For instance , I would have gotten less value from the news podcast on my iPod if I had n't had my Android phone handy while I was listening -- and less value still if I had n't been able to read the article I 'd encountered that way on my Kindle , when and where that experience was more convenient .  And note that this total benefit did not hinge on me committing solely to any single platform or manufacturer . In the coming year , I 'd expect to see more online publishers , advertisers and service providers experimenting with multichannel cross-platform offerings that support complementary types of engagement through your various  and mostly mobile  devices . Similarly , activists , organizations and communities of all types will develop their own multichannel strategies , both intentionally and organically . We 'll probably see some strange bedfellows and blatant missteps along the way . But the ultimate goal will be to create a more coherent yet customized experience that feels ambient , not tied to specific devices . Which is probably good , since this technology keeps changing so fast . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Mobile devices have become a major player in America 's media landscape Mobile users increasingly own multiple mobile devices which they use in various ways The emergence of tablets are making the media landscape richer , according to comScore
CNN  -- Mexican federal police have arrested a man who authorities say could have been involved in the March shooting deaths of three people with ties to the U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , the country 's public safety ministry said . Jose Guadalupe Diaz Diaz , known as "  El Zorro , " is also suspected in the slaying of a federal police officer , the ministry said in a statement Thursday . Authorities are investigating the 32-year-old 's "  likely participation in the killings of three people linked to the U.S. Consulate " in Juarez , the ministry said . The statement did not specify how Diaz allegedly participated in the shootings . Thursday 's statement from Mexican security officials described Diaz as a leader of the Aztecas gang , a street gang affiliated with the Juarez cartel . Mexican authorities have arrested several others they accuse of being connected to alleged killing of three people with ties to the Juarez consulate . The shootings occurred March 13 when consulate employee Lesley Enriquez and her husband , Arthur Redelfs , were gunned down as they left a birthday party in their white SUV . Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , the husband of another consulate employee , was killed in a separate vehicle . In addition to his possible involvement in the shootings , Thursday 's statement alleged that Diaz was responsible for the distribution and sale of drugs in several locations in the border state of Chihuahua . Also in this week 's operation , authorities arrested Reynaldo Diaz Diaz , known as "  El Rey . " The ministry said he provided security for the Aztecas gang , and was suspected in slayings and drug distribution . Police seized a number of weapons including a hand grenade , more than 1,700 rounds of high-caliber ammunition and five bullet-proof vests , the ministry said .	Authorities say "  El Zorro " is also suspected in the slaying of a federal police officer Security officials have not said how he allegedly participated in the shootings They describe him as a leader of the Aztecas gang Another suspect is also arrested
CNN  -- The Egyptian capital of Cairo has become the focus of efforts to reach a lasting cease-fire in the 10-day conflict in Gaza . The negotiations are shrouded in secrecy . But an Israeli delegation was in Cairo on Thursday amid hopes that new life can be breathed into an Egyptian effort unveiled earlier this week . "  The initiative is ongoing and we are in touch with all relevant parties , " including the United States , Israel and the Palestinians , an Egyptian official told CNN . "  We hope the Palestinian leaders will accept the initiative for the protection of the Palestinian people , " he said before going on to urge Hamas "  to stop fire immediately and accept the initiative to avoid further bloodshed . " An Israeli team led by Yoram Cohen -- the head of Israel 's domestic security agency Shin Bet -- spent several hours in Cairo , according to Egyptian sources . Israeli officials would not comment on the Israeli envoys ' movements . Hamas also has a delegation in Cairo , even though it officially rejected the Egyptian proposal , and says the talks are continuing . Osama Hamdan , a Hamas spokesman based in Beirut , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday : "  No one is talking against having a cease-fire , but we want a fair cease-fire to protect our own people for a long time , to protect them from the Israeli military attacks , from the siege , from the arrests . " The President of the Palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas , is also involved in the negotiations . Hamas ' demands Officials close to him echo Egyptian optimism that progress is being made . Nabil Shaath , a member of the PLO 's Central Committee , told CNN : "  I expect that we will reach an agreement very soon -- a cease-fire that will stop the bloodshed , killing and destruction in Gaza . " "  All other matters will be discussed afterwards : Hamas ' demands for opening the Gaza crossings , ending the siege and releasing prisoners . " Among the prisoners Hamas wants freed are some who were among about 1,000 who were released as part of the 2011 deal in which captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit was also freed , but have since been re-arrested . "  These are all legitimate demands by Hamas , but the priority is for an immediate ceasefire , " Shaath told CNN . Another senior Palestinian official , Saeb Erakat , who is traveling with Abbas , said : "  We are trying , along with the UN , to extend the temporary humanitarian ceasefire that took place earlier today -LSB- Thursday -RSB- on a rolling basis . While there is no plan at this point for a comprehensive ceasefire agreement , but we are trying to extend the current one by another six or 10 hours -- or even several days if possible . " However , the humanitarian pause for five hours Thursday was soon followed by renewed firing in both directions . Egypt 's role The wording of the original Egyptian plan Monday said that "  during the period of the ceasefire ... crossings shall be opened and movements of persons and goods shall be facilitated once the security situation becomes stable . " This language and the sequencing are important , because Hamas is demanding the immediate opening of crossings so that food , medical supplies and other essential goods -- as well as the free movement of people -- can begin . Analysts say Hamas wants and needs to show the people of Gaza that it has won concessions after ten days of bombardment in which more than 200 people have been killed and thousands more have been forced to leave their homes . One Israeli official told CNN that Israel 's military strikes "  have been very successful , " bringing closer the prospect of what the official called a period of "  sustainable quiet . " He said there was no such thing as a perfect solution , but that operations in previous years , especially Operation Cast Lead in 2008-09 , had been followed by years of relative peace . The official also suggested that Israel -- with Egypt 's help -- was ready to consider reopening the Rafah border crossing , but needed guarantees that tunnels between Egypt and Gaza would not be dug anew . The tunnels have been used for smuggling weapons and material for making rockets . And he said that the government of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in Cairo was much more cooperative than that of its predecessor , Mohamed Morsy , in sealing the tunnels . This would bring Israel closer to its goal of what Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has described as the demilitarization of Gaza . "  We agreed to the Egyptian proposal in order to give an opportunity for the demilitarization of the -LSB- Gaza -RSB- Strip -- from missiles , from rockets and from tunnels -- through diplomatic means , " he said Tuesday . Observers say that for Israel , allowing the Egyptians a diplomatic triumph in brokering a deal would be a small price to pay for close coordination in preventing Hamas from replenishing its armory . Israeli officials say they believe Hamas is isolated diplomatically and in the Arab world , and are encouraged by the absence of protests across the Arab world in support of Hamas . Other efforts The Egyptian initiative is not the only game in town , with President Abbas due to travel to Turkey on Friday , according to Shaath . Diplomats say Turkey and Qatar have been working on a different formula for a cease-fire , with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu saying he is involved in "  intense diplomacy " to reach a truce . Hamas ' political leader Khaled Meshaal -- who lives in Qatar -- also was in Turkey this week . But Israel is unlikely to give that track the time of day . Its relations with Turkey are poor , and wo n't be improved after Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan accused Israel of attempting "  systematic genocide " of the Palestinian people . And both Egypt and Israel are wary of Qatar 's ambitions in the region , and its close relationship with the Muslim Brotherhood . Some members of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood have fled to Qatar since Morsy was ousted as President last year . Humanitarian cease-fire ends in Gaza ` They went to the beach to play ' : Deaths of 4 children add to growing toll in Gaza conflict Mideast crisis : How it 's happened and why we should care CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Kareem Khadeer and Ali Younes contributed to this report .	Cairo is focus of efforts to reach a lasting Gaza cease-fire Egyptian officials express optimism that a deal is near Hamas needs to show Gaza residents that it has won concessions , analysts say Turkey and Qatar working on a different formula for a cease-fire , diplomats say
CNN  -- After my short journey home from the hospital with our newborn seven years ago , I hit my first breaking point . Breastfeeding was not going well and so we hired a "  lactation expert " to come to my rescue . I viewed my initial inability to breastfeed as nothing short of failure as a mom ! For the record , I am a huge proponent of breastfeeding and know there are lots of great and supportive lactation experts and consultants -- but sadly , mine was not one of them . When the lactation guru had me sit in my dining room chair naked from the waist up , and forcefully moved my breast around like a piece of meat to find the exact position for the "  latch , " I knew this was not the way breastfeeding was supposed to go . I shrieked something to that effect and politely asked her to leave . Oh Kate , I hope that does n't happen to you , but if it does , know you are not alone . As you bring home your bundle of joy , who also happens to be third in line to the throne , and prepare for your first days as a mom in front of a worldwide audience , we offer you this : real advice from moms on 10 things that could make you slightly crazy during these first magical -- and exhausting -- days . Read on and remember , we 've all been there and lived to tell about it ! 1 . Get used to smelling like ... baby spit-up "  Gone are the days of fine perfume , at least until you know whether the baby is sensitive to it , " said mom of two and Washington blogger Stephanie Dulli , who also warns Kate about the burning sensation she will feel when she hears a baby cry on television . "  That 's your milk . Breasts do n't care if it 's your baby or not , " she joked . "  Hear baby ? Fill up ! " 2 . You still look pregnant If you think right after you give birth , your body will return to normal , you will learn how wrong you are ! Kim Como , a Long Island , New York , mom of two and co-host of the blog 2 Moms on a Train , remembers feeling "  so thankful " to have her favorite maternity jeans and oversized sweater at the hospital and equally thankful it was just her husband taking a few pictures of their new addition . "  At least I could control it a bit , " she remembered . "  Honey , take pictures waist up ! " 3 . Beware of the sleep deprivation Amanda Rodriguez , a mom of three from Frederick , Maryland , and host of the blog Dude Mom , said the biggest thing for Kate to worry about is sleep . "  Seriously , lack of it will turn you into a zombie faster than you can say royal baby , " she joked . "  Find a way to sneak it in . Tell Prince William to take the baby on the other side of the palace ... if you have to but make it happen . " 4 . Check for what under fingernails ? Your baby 's poop , said Lisa Nee , a mom of three boys from Madison , Connecticut . "  I remember going to the grocery store and realizing I had poop under my nails left from a messy midnight changing cycle . " Kate , do n't freak ! Keep reading ! 5 . Realize breastfeeding takes time and patience Cybele Weisser , a Manhattan mom of two , said what made her insane during her first days as a mom was discovering how much time it took to breastfeed and how hard it was . "  On day three , I believe I actually said the words , ` I 'd rather be in labor again , ' " she told me . Amanda Rodriguez encourages Kate to "  do it alone " if she plans to nurse . "  Away from the husband and the cameras and the mother-in-law , as lovely as she seems . It 's the one time I got to be silent and bond with baby without someone standing there waiting for a turn to hold him , " she said . 6 . Do n't think you 're horrible if you ca n't breastfeed "  Not everyone makes a ton of milk and if you do n't , do n't feel bad about it and get depressed and think you 're a horrible mom , " said a mother of two who preferred to stay anonymous , remembering how she endured a "  never-ending " cycle of breastfeeding , pumping and giving her boys bottles since she could n't produce enough milk . "  If someone had told me that different moms make different amounts of milk , I think I would 've fared better after the first baby . " 7 . Beware of the unsolicited advice We all get it -- from our parents , our in-laws , even well-meaning strangers . The challenge , Kate , will be to smile and keep doing it your way . Shandley McMurray , a Canadian writer and mom of two now living in London , said , "  One woman told me to put a hat on my 2-year-old ` before she froze to death . ' It was 59 degrees out . Another warned me that my daughter would poke her eye out if I let her use a fork to eat her hot dog , " she remembered . "  It 's a miracle my children are still alive . " 8 . Be prepared for the ridiculous nicknames No matter what you and William decide to call your son , Kate , your family and friends will have their own ideas about exactly what he should be called . Beth Engelman , a single mom in Chicago and co-founder of Mommy On a Shoestring , said when her 7-year-old son , Jackson Robert , was born , family members started to call him a host of names . "  Jacko , Jack-Ro , J Bob and AJ , which is short for Action Jackson , and yes , that ridiculous nickname was created by the baby 's dad ! , " she said , offering this advice to Kate . "  Just smile and repeat the baby 's real name . You might have to do it 100 times but eventually they 'll get the hint . " 9 . Get William to do his share A prince and heir to the throne changing diapers ? Why not , says mom of three Samantha Ettus , founder of Working Moms Lifestyle , who believes sharing parenting duties is the best way to ensure an equal partnership in the raising of a child . She offers this advice to Kate : "  In the first week , make an excuse for  William  to be alone with the baby . Find a reason to have to run out and leave him alone with the baby so he has to , " Ettus said . "  And I always like to say , ` Catch him doing things right ' so try not to micromanage him . So long as he 's keeping the baby safe , he 's doing a great job . Use tons of positive reinforcement . " 10 . The world will feel like a different place now Becoming a mom , said Sarah Walton , a New Jersey mom of two and founder of Better Way Moms , changed her more than she could ever have imagined . "  I can no longer watch any kind of violence . I ca n't ride roller coasters . ... My disdain for bullies shocks me and the desire to have my child be kind can make my eyes well up with tears , " she said . "  You will now see the world through the eyes of a mother , and no one can prepare you for that . " Finally , Kate , when it 's 4 o'clock in the morning , and you can barely keep your eyes open , and you feel close to tears for no reason at all , and you are wondering if you are truly made out to be the mother you hoped you could be , remember this -- relax . "  It 's going to get easier , " said mom of two Maryellen Mooney of Long Island , New York . "  Although you feel like you ca n't catch your breath now , someday , your baby will be putting her own clothes on or fixing himself a snack , and you 'll say , ` Where did the time go ? ' " That 's exactly how I feel about that newborn whom I finally figured out how to breastfeed . Seven years later , she 's heading into the second grade , her sister into the first grade , and my story about the lactation expert with the poor bedside manner makes me laugh instead of cry . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and on Google + and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Real moms share advice for Kate on what she can expect with new motherhood One of the biggest tips for a new mom : Sleep when you can ! Moms advise duchess on how to get Prince William to do his share When the going gets tough , Kate can remember this : Motherhood does get easier !
CNN  -- Togo international Emmanuel Adebayor scored a timely hat-trick as Manchester City all but guaranteed their passage into the knockout stage of the Europa League with a 3-1 win over Lech Poznan at Eastlands . It was the first goals of the season for Adebayor and a reminder of his talents to manager Roberto Mancini with City heavily linked with a move for Manchester United 's star striker Wayne Rooney in the January transfer window . Rooney would be reunited with Carlos Tevez should he choose to join United 's city rivals , the Argentine rested by Mancini for Thursday 's match against spirited Polish opposition . Adebayor put City two-up early in the first half , but Lech hit back through Joel Tshibamba just after the break and had chances to equalize before the striker sealed victory with his third goal late in the second half after being set up by the excellent David Silva . England winger Adam Johnson nearly scored a superb individual fourth , but the night belonged to Adebayor , who might have also added to his tally . The win sees them top of Group A ahead of Lech , with Juventus in third after their 1-1 draw in Salzburg . Earlier , fellow English Premier League side Liverpool battled to a goalless draw against Napoli in the southern Italian city . There was a massive police presence at the San Paolo stadium after attacks on Liverpool supporters prior to the tie . Liverpool manager Roy Hodgson , under pressure after their dismal start to the English Premier League season , fielded an inexperienced side lacking Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres and they did him proud . With five points from three games , they remain top and favorites to qualify from Group K "  We 're going through a very bad passage in the league , things have n't gone our way for a variety of reasons and that 's why we find ourselves down the bottom and desperate to get away , " Hodgson told AFP . In other Europa League action , Portuguse giants Porto scored their third win from three as they triumphed 3-1 at Turkey 's Besiktas - despite having two men sent off . Falcao hit the opener and Hulk scored the other two goals before Bobo netted a consolation for the hosts . Paris St Germain remain unbeaten in Group J as the French side thanked Clement Chantome for a late equaliser against Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund . The Germans had gone ahead through Nuri Sahin penalty . Spain 's Sevilla are chasing PSG in second in a tough group , one point behind , after a 1-0 win at Karpaty Lviv with Frederic Kanoute scoring the winner .	Emmanuel Adebayor scores a hat-trick as Manchester City beat Lech Poznan 3-1 City head Europa League Group A after fine victory at Eastlands Liverpool hold Napoli to 0-0 draw in match held with strong police presence Porto make it three wins from three with 3-1 victory over Besiktas
CNN  -- Not many businessmen can claim the superstar status of Carlos Ghosn . But then not many businessmen are at the helm of not one , but two of the world 's biggest car makers . Renault-Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn smiles at the Monaco Formula One Grand Prix on May 25 , 2008 . Brazilian-born Ghosn has not always been a superstar in Japan . When he arrived in Tokyo in 1999 to revive the fortunes of Nissan , he took plenty of flak after slashing more than 20,000 jobs and closing assembly plants . But when his "  Nissan Revival Plan " worked -- he resurrected the car maker from near bankruptcy a year earlier than scheduled -- he became a hero . These days Ghosn gets the sort of adulation in Japan normally reserved for rock stars and football players . He is often mobbed by fans in search of an autograph and has even been portrayed as a manga comic book superhero in "  The True Story of Carlos Ghosn . " His face has graced the covers of Japanese business magazines , he is the subject of a handful of books and has even written his own . Ghosn was born on March 9 , 1954 , to Lebanese parents . His family moved to Lebanon when he was a toddler , and he later studied engineering at Ecole Polytechnique and Ecole des Mines de Paris in France , where he is a citizen . Fluent in French , Arabic , English and Portuguese -- and quickly catching up in Japanese -- Ghosn is the quintessential international businessman . His career in the auto industry began in 1978 at Europe 's largest tiremaker , Michelin , where he worked for 18 years , moving up the ranks from plant manager to chief operating officer . He headed both Michelin 's South American and North American units during his tenure with the company , achieving success at both . He joined Renault in 1996 as executive vice president , and was sent to Japan to revive Nissan three years later . Since May 2005 , all the while staying at the helm of Nissan , he has taken the reins of French car company Renault , which owns 44 percent of Nissan . The man dubbed "  Samurai " and "  Le Cost Killer " for his reputation for restructuring companies is not only CEO and president of Nissan and Renault , he is also on the board of Alcoa , Sony and IBM . Running two of the world 's biggest car companies means splitting his time between Paris and Tokyo and fitting in meetings , visits to plants and dealerships , as well as attending car shows all over the world and catalyzing spectacular model launches . But despite his busy lifestyle , it is not all business for Ghosn . Married to wife Rita , whom he met 22 years ago in France , the couple have four children -- Caroline , Nadine , Maya and Anthony -- and Ghosn is known for making time to spend with his family . And at Nissan 's new Advanced Technology Center in Yokohama , Japan , all employees are asked to leave the building each day no later than 8 p.m. , so as to avoid sombering into workaholism . He 's revived the fortunes of Japan 's second biggest car maker , was named Man of the Year in 2002 by French magazine Le Journal de l'Automobile and Businessman of the Year by Fortune magazine the same year . But he has said his most cherished titled is being named Father of the Year by a Japanese community group in 2001 .	Ghosn resurrected Nissan from near bankruptcy after taking over in 1999 He has simultaneously been CEO of Renault since May 2005 He has been portrayed as a comic book superhero in Japan
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Comic actor Dick Van Dyke and his wife escaped unhurt when their car caught fire on a Los Angeles-area highway , California state police said Monday . Good Samaritans helped the 87-year-old Van Dyke and his wife , Arlene , from his Jaguar after he pulled the car over to the side of the Ventura Freeway in Calabasas , California Highway Patrol spokesman Saul Gomez said . The fire occurred about 2 p.m. Monday , Gomez said . Arlene Van Dyke posted video online of the burned-out car and the actor talking with police . Publicist Bob Palmer said Van Dyke was "  fine " but "  slightly embarrassed " and was "  appreciative of the instant help he got on the road . " Fast Facts : Dick Van Dyke Van Dyke won three Emmy Awards for his self-titled comedy show in the 1960s , won a Tony for his role in the musical "  Bye Bye Birdie " and shared a Grammy with Julie Andrews for the soundtrack to the children 's classic movie "  Mary Poppins . " He won another Emmy for a 1976 variety special and starred in the long-running mystery series "  Diagnosis : Murder " in the 1990s . CNN 's Tory Dunnan and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Van Dyke 's wife posted video of the burned-out Jaguar Van Dyke 's Jaguar caught fire on a freeway north of Los Angeles , police say Good Samaritans helped the 87-year-old actor and his wife get out He 's "  fine " but "  slightly embarrassed , " his publicist says
CNN  If you enjoy laughing at the England football team -- calling all Germans and Scots -- and you have a spare $ 900,000 , then Sotheby 's has the very thing for you . The auction house is offering an untitled work by Italian sculptor Maurizio Cattelan that chronicles -- in painstaking and painful detail if you are English -- every defeat suffered by the England team between 1874 and 1998 . Cattelan has carved all the defeats into a large  and it would have to be , would n't it ?  piece of black granite , meaning the lucky buyer can be constantly reminded of a succession of ignominious afternoons and evenings . The artist says of his memorial stone-style work simply : "  I guess it 's a piece which talks about pride , missed opportunities and death . " Known for his humorous and satirical art , Cattelan had plenty to work with as he recorded defeats starting with a 2-1 loss to Scotland in Glasgow in 1874 and ending with another 2-1 setback against Romania at the 1998 World Cup . Since then , of course , he 'd have had a fair few more to immortalize , including the two to Italy and Uruguay in Brazil last summer that were part of the worst-ever England display at a World Cup . The artist , whose other works include La Nona Ora  The Ninth Hour  , which depicts Pope John Paul II being struck down by a meteorite , first put his football piece on display at an exhibition in London in 1999 . It 's not known whether any England managers and players , past or present , came along to have a sneaky look . Current England boss Roy Hodgson is known to be a bit of an Italophile , but the former Inter Milan coach needs to be quick if he wants catch a glimpse -- Cattelan 's work is on public exhibition at Sotheby 's New Bond Street galleries until Tuesday 10 March . It will then be offered as part of the single-owner ` Bear Witness ' sale .	A monument to England 's football failure is set to go on auction in London Maurizio Cattelan 's sculpture chronicles every England defeat between 1874 and 1998 The black granite artwork is expected to fetch up to $ 900,000
London  CNN  -- After a fourth consecutive night of violence that convulsed much of London and spread elsewhere in Britain , the scene before dawn Wednesday was largely calm , a tentative calm enforced by thousands of police . Hours before , police reported outbreaks of violence in Wolverhampton and West Bromwich , about 100 miles north of London , and in the northwestern city of Manchester . There , a library and supermarket were ablaze , said Jeff Gill from the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue . In West Midlands , 80 people were arrested and 19 of them were charged , said Sara Astbury , a spokeswoman for the West Midlands Police Department . In Nottinghamshire , 30 arrests were made as hundreds of police sought to handle more than 1,000 reports of incidents -- most of them related to rowdy behavior by roaming bands of youths -- throughout the city and in Canning , Clifton , Basford and Radford , police said Tuesday in a statement . Eight people were arrested in connection with the firebombing of Canning Circus police station , it added . Nottinghamshire Assistant Chief Constable Paul Scarrott , who led the police operation , described the events in the town more than 100 miles north of London as "  gratuitous , senseless and wholly unjustified acts of wanton criminality . " Cameron , who cut short his vacation in Italy to hold an emergency meeting Tuesday , recalled lawmakers from their summer break . He is to hold a meeting of his crisis-response committee at 9 a.m.  4 a.m. ET  Wednesday . Parliament is to meet Thursday . London Mayor Boris Johnson , who cut short his holiday in North America , called the violence "  utterly appalling . " The riots were sparked by the shooting death on Thursday of 29-year-old Mark Duggan , a black man . Officers from Operation Trident -- the Metropolitan Police unit that deals with gun crime in London 's black communities -- stopped the cab in the working-class , predominantly Afro-Caribbean district of Tottenham during an attempted arrest , the Independent Police Complaints Commission  IPCC  said . Soon after , shots were fired and Duggan , a father of four , was killed . Shooting deaths are rare in England . The IPCC said Tuesday an illegal firearm had been found at the scene , with a "  bulleted cartridge " in the magazine , but there was "  no evidence " it was fired during the incident . A bullet that lodged in a radio carried by an officer was police issue , the IPCC said . "  A post-mortem examination concluded that Mr. Duggan was killed by a single gunshot wound to the chest . He also received a second gunshot wound to his right bicep , " the IPCC said , without saying who fired the bullets nor why police had stopped the cab . The man 's family and friends , who blamed police for the death , had gathered peacefully Saturday outside the Tottenham police station to protest . The protest soon devolved into violence as demonstrators -- whose numbers included whites and blacks -- tossed petrol bombs , looted stores and burned police cars . Violence continued in isolated pockets on Sunday , spread Monday to other parts of the nation and continued Tuesday . Metropolitan Police and Duggan 's family have appealed for calm . Police said they were stretched thin as they tried to respond to emergency calls -- which were up nearly 400 % Tuesday . British Prime Minister David Cameron 's vow of action to quell rioting in Britain 's cities was backed up by an increased police presence -- about 16,000 officers were set to be on London 's streets Tuesday night -- twice the number on Monday night . "  People should be in no doubt that we will do everything necessary to restore order to Britain 's streets and make them safe for the law-abiding , " said Cameron , who called the events "  criminality , pure and simple . " The trouble -- described by police as " ` copycat criminal activity " -- takes place against a backdrop of austerity measures and budget cuts that have led to high rates of unemployment , particularly among the nation 's youth . Some 685 people have been arrested in London since the violence began , police said late Tuesday . With Metropolitan Police detention cells full , authorities were taking those they arrested to facilities belonging to surrounding police forces . Of those arrested , 111 have been charged . Most of the charges relate to burglary , with other offenses ranging from assault on a police officer to possession of an offensive weapon and handling stolen goods . In all , 111 police officers and five police dogs have been reported injured , according to a police statement Tuesday afternoon . "  Many officers are still undergoing hospital treatment , some requiring surgery , " it said . "  Injuries range from fractured bones , serious head injuries , concussion , cuts and sprains , even injured eyes from smashed and thrown glass . " Apparently , some people are not depending on police for their security . Amazon UK reported that sales of aluminum baseball bats had skyrocketed since the violence broke out . In Hackney , where Monday 's disturbances first broke out , Graciela Watson , a mother of two , watched aghast from her home as hooligans , known as "  yobs " in Britain , barricaded a normally quiet residential street with burning trash cans and clashed repeatedly with police for more than an hour . "  It seemed like a war zone , " she said . "  There were youths grabbing bricks from our front wall and hurling them at police . " A resident of Clapham Junction in southwest London , who did not wish to be identified for fear of reprisals , told CNN he had seen groups make repeated trips overnight to his street to fill their cars with looted goods , including televisions and clothes . The resident said this went on for several hours until police used armored vehicles to disperse them . "  At first I was just , ` OK , it 's a bunch of kids letting off steam . ' But once they started heavy , heavy looting , and it started getting out of hand , I started getting a bit concerned , " he said . "  This is not something that 's typical of our neighborhood by any stretch of the imagination . " Sociology professor Paul Bagguley told CNN that a disproportionate number of young people appeared to be involved in the unrest and that the looters appeared to be motivated by greed . But people who have spoken to local ethnic minorities also talked of a sense that tension had been building over months , he said , with some upset by police "  stop-and-search " tactics . A community cleanup effort began Tuesday morning in London , with organizers using Twitter to get volunteers together in their local areas , using the hashtag #riotcleanup . Organizer Dan Thompson , who runs a network aiding small businesses on the south coast , said many thousands of people were supporting efforts to help shopkeepers . "  I thought the quickest , best thing was just to help them get cleaned up this morning , get trading again , " he said . "  It 's a city people love , and to see it destroyed in the way it has been is shocking stuff . " Questions have been raised about what the disturbances may mean for security during next year 's Olympic Games , which London is preparing to host . A spokeswoman for the London 2012 organizing committee told CNN : "  A lot of detailed work has taken place regarding security plans for the Games , and we will continue to review them together with the Met Police and the Home Office over the coming year . " Tottenham has been the site of riots before . In 1985 , Floyd Jarrett , who was of Afro-Caribbean origin , was stopped by police near the Broadwater Farm estate in Tottenham on suspicion of driving with a forged tax disc , a document all British vehicles must carry . A few hours later , officers raided the nearby home of his mother , who collapsed and died during the raid . Rioting erupted shortly afterward , and a police officer , Constable Keith Blakelock , was killed . Like the current violence , a protest outside Tottenham Police Station sparked the 1985 conflict . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Carol Jordan , Barry Neild , Dan Rivers , Yoko Wakatsuki , Annabel Archer , Phil Black , David Wilkinson , Atika Shubert , Bryony Jones , Erin McLaughlin , Bharati Naik , Aliza Kassim and David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	"  Tens of millions of pounds " of property damage is estimated 8 are arrested in connection with firebombing of a police station 111 officers have suffered injuries in three days of unrest , police say Pockets of disorder break out in West Bromwich , Wolverhampton and Manchester
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A series of explosions tore through an open-air market in the capital of the volatile western Chinese region of Xinjiang on Thursday , killing dozens of people and wounding many more , state media reported . China 's Ministry of Public Security said the attack in the heavily policed city of Urumqi was "  a serious violent terrorist incident " and vowed to crack down on its perpetrators . President Xi Jinping called for the terrorists behind it to be "  severely " punished . Two SUVs slammed into shoppers gathered at the market in Urumqi at 7:50 a.m. Thursday , and explosives were flung out of the vehicles , China 's official news agency Xinhua said . The vehicles then exploded , according to Xinhua , which said at least 31 people were killed and more than 90 wounded . Some of the photos circulating on social media suggested a hellish scene , with bodies strewn on the ground amid burning wreckage . Others showed flames and smoke billowing out of the end of a tree-lined street guarded by police officers . ` An enormous sound ' "  I heard an enormous sound , then I looked out from my balcony , " said a resident of a building near the explosion who would only give his surname , Shan . He told CNN that trees obscured much of his view of the scene , but that he "  could see there was chaos , with people injured . " Many of the victims caught in the blasts were elderly people who regularly visited the morning market , Xinhua reported . "  It 's mainly people coming to trade vegetables , especially the elderly who get up early and buy vegetables to cook , " Shan said . The U.S. government condemned the attack . "  This is a despicable and outrageous act of violence against innocent civilians , and the United States resolutely opposes all forms of terrorism , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said in a statement . String of recent attacks Chinese authorities have stepped up security measures in Xinjiang in recent months amid a series of attacks within the region and in major Chinese cities outside it . On Wednesday , the day before the blasts , Xinhua reported that 39 people had been sentenced to prison in the past two months for "  inciting violence " in Xinjiang . But the devastating blasts Thursday suggest the government is facing a foe determined to wreak havoc . Thursday 's attack at the market comes less than a month after an explosion hit a train station in Urumqi , killing three people and wounding 79 others . That blast took place on April 30 , just after Xi had wrapped up a visit to the region . Ethnic tensions Chinese officials have linked a mass knife attack in March that killed 29 people at a train station in the southwestern city of Kunming to Islamic separatists from Xinjiang . They have also blamed separatists for an attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October in which a car rammed into a pedestrian bridge and burst into flames , killing two tourists and the three occupants of the vehicle . The knife-wielding assailants in the Kunming attack and the people in the car that hit Tiananmen were identified as Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group from Xinjiang . Ethnic tensions between Uyghurs and Han Chinese people , millions of whom have migrated to resource-rich Xinjiang in recent decades , have repeatedly boiled over into deadly riots and clashes with authorities in recent years . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment over harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . The Han are the predominant ethnic group in China , making up more than 90 % of the overall population . Shift in target The pattern of ethnic violence in the region goes back decades , according to James Leibold , an expert in ethnic relations in China at La Trobe University in Melbourne . "  But what 's new , and what I think is significant , is that we have a shift in target , " Leibold said . "  We have a targeting of innocent civilians , places where innocent civilians gather -- an attempt to maim innocent civilians in large numbers . " The other change is that the violence has "  seeped outside " the borders of Xinjiang into other parts of China , he said . It remains unclear who exactly is behind the high-profile attacks in recent months . Chinese officials have pointed to a murky separatist group , the East Turkestan Islamic Movement  ETIM  , which they have blamed for violent acts in the past . East Turkestan is the name used by many Uyghur groups to refer to Xinjiang . But analysts are divided about the extent of the ETIM 's activities and its links to global terrorist networks like al Qaeda . "  Generally , the government response is to blame terrorists without providing many details , " Leibold said . "  So I suspect it 's going to be very difficult to get to the bottom of this incident like previous ones . " Q&A : Xinjiang and tensions in China 's restive far west	NEW : U.S. says the attack is an "  outrageous act of violence against innocent civilians " The Chinese President calls for terrorists to be "  severely " punished The explosions have killed 31 people and wounded more than 90 , Xinhua says China says the attack is "  a serious violent terrorist incident "
Katra Sadatganj , Uttar Pradesh , India  CNN  -- It 's pitch dark as we drive through the villages of India 's most populous state . No street lights line the roads which cross large swaths of farmland ; the only flashes of light come from the bolts of lightning which flicker across the stormy night sky . A powerful dust storm has knocked out power supplies as we head into Uttar Pradesh 's Budaun district , but the headlights of our car illuminate the hazy figures of men and women squatting behind roadside bushes to defecate . Some 120km ahead of us lies the village -- Katra Sadatganj -- where two schoolgirls were attacked when they went out into the fields to relieve themselves Tuesday night ; the pair were gang raped and later found hanged in a mango tree . The brutal assault has brought a range of challenges facing India into the international spotlight , almost 67 years after the country gained its independence from British rule . At Katra Sadatganj , villagers mourning the two girls blame a cocktail of issues for the horrific rape attack , from a lack of decent sanitation , to underdevelopment , to what they call police "  slackness " in response to the girls ' disappearance . According to UNICEF , India has the highest number of people in the world -- an estimated 620 million -- who defecate in the open ; only half of the nation 's population uses toilets . Most of those living at Katra Sadatganj have little choice in the matter . "  There 's no toilet . Where can the girls go ? " shouted Jamuna Devi , one of those who had gathered to mourn the dead girls , as she sat on the mud floor of their home . "  No one has done anything for sanitation , " she complained . "  We are scared , " screamed Renu Devi , another of the women consoling the pair 's bereaved mothers . "  If this could happen to them , it could happen with us also . " WATCH : India outraged by gang rape and murder The mourners also accuse police of apathy , echoing concerns raised over and over again by human rights groups and activists concerning the handling of cases by India 's law enforcement officers . Most of the country 's policing system is based on the 19th-century , colonial-era Indian Penal Code  IPC  , designed in the wake of an armed uprising against British rule in 1857 . In its 2009 report , U.S.-based Human Rights Watch reported that Indian police forces have yet to evolve from the IPC 's original pattern of behavior . Authorities have acknowledged in past years that the country 's police have also been under-staffed and under-resourced . Katra Sadatganj 's police station has been temporarily shut down after the attack drew national and international attention . Two of its officers are among five people who have been arrested in connection with the schoolgirls ' deaths . The arrests so far notwithstanding , the murdered girls ' families are unforgiving about the police 's response to the case . "  If police wanted , my daughter would have been alive today , " the father of the eldest victim wailed .	Katra Sadatganj , Uttar Pradesh , is the Indian village where two cousins were raped and hanged Residents blame a cocktail of issues for the attack , which has drawn international headlines Poor sanitation , underdevelopment , and apathetic police have all played a part , they say Five men , including two police officers , have been arrested in connection with the deaths
CNN  -- Dreaming of a white Christmas ? Then you 're in for a rude awakening . The only thing white about this riotously multiethnic black comedy is the blizzard of cocaine that flies through the air as Bing Crosby croons his yuletide standard at an out of control Christmas Eve party . If I said the latest sortie from cultural subversives Harold Lee  John Cho  and Kumar Patel  Kal Penn  has something to offend everyone , I 'd probably be over-estimating the sensitivities of at least some of the 17.4 million Americans who are estimated to use marijuana at least once a month . Still , I imagine that the running gag about an infant inadvertently exposed to pot , coke and ecstasy might strike some people as pretty near the knuckle . Others will choke when the always game Neil Patrick Harris -- playing himself -- explains his miraculous resurrection with reference to a run-in with Jesus , who did n't take kindly to Harris making out with His groupies . Then there are the gags -- good , bad and indifferent - that deliberately play up ethnic stereotypes : jailbird Latinos , gangsta African-Americans , tight-fisted Jews , bloodthirsty Slavs , square and boring WASPS . The subtler joke being that Harold and Kumar 's own ethnicity is invisible -- except to the occasional bigots they encounter .  "  Sorry , I do n't date black guys , " says the Ukrainian virgin , Mary , as she rejects Kumar in favor of Korean-American Harold . You want a plot ? It 's set six years after the boys escaped from Guantanamo . Harold is now a successful Wall Street executive , married , clean and sober . He 's washed his hands of Kumar , who 's still a bonafide pothead and no further along in life than he ever was . But the ex-best friends are reunited in a typically quixotic quest to get their hands on a 12-foot Christmas tree before Midnight Mass comes out . Maybe the movie does pander to a certain slacker sexism -- but even that 's tempered by an eye-watering item when one of the boys gets stuck to an icy pole , "  A Christmas Story " - style  only it 's not his tongue that 's stuck  . That 's male bonding of an especially painful kind -- and marks the natural culmination for a buddy dynamic that 's deeply engrained in our movies , from Laurel and Hardy , Abbott and Costello , Hope and Crosby , Martin and Lewis , Cheech and Chong , and Bill and Ted all the way to "  Dumb & Dumber . " It 's a tradition that Cho and Penn sustain with as much charm as circumstances allow . In a week when a French satirical magazine was firebombed for publishing an issue guest-edited by the prophet Mohammed  or so they claimed  , there is definitely something to be said for a movie that takes a blowtorch to political correctness and even puts a bullet in the head of old Saint Nick . By offending everyone , the theory goes , no one needs be offended . It 's a patchy affair , these things almost always are , but a commendably trim 90-minute running time keeps things hopping . The film hits an early high with a series of inspired gags breaking the fourth wall to poke fun at its own 3D gimmickry . Director Todd Strauss-Schulson throws in a horrific claymation fantasy , doffs his cap at Busby Berkeley and shoots an egg-throwing sequence as if he 's John Woo , just because he can . The yolks on us , I guess . At regular intervals he sends clouds of pot wafting towards the audience . You do n't need to be an expert in smoke signals to catch the drift : Lighten up , America .	There are the gags that deliberately play up ethnic stereotypes The subtler joke being that Harold and Kumar 's own ethnicity is invisible The ex-best friends are reunited in a typically quixotic quest
CNN  Have you ever found the creative inspiration you were seeking at the most unexpected time , or thought you were having that long-awaited problem-solving epiphany just as you nodded off to sleep ? According to neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman , there 's a reason for that . Their book , "  The Eureka Factor " , explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "  Aha ! " moment . Research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration , most of us end up suppressing it . The book explains how to clear out mental junk , in order to make way for pivotal revelations . Dr. Kounios explained : "  Insights involve unusual connections . Cognitive psychologists call these ` remote associations ' . They are processed mostly in the brain 's right hemisphere . Insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness . This is accompanied by a burst of activity in the brain 's right temporal lobe . " "  We wrote "  The Eureka Factor " to help people understand how creative insight works in the brain so they can use various strategies harmoniously without having them cross-circuit each other , " said Kounios . "  For example , there is evidence that imagining the future helps to put someone in an insightful state . However , if a person imagines a specific future that makes them anxious , then insightfulness could decrease because anxiety is a creativity killer . " "  That said , a positive mood and a broad , expansive spread of attention are a couple of key features of the insightful state , " he added . Following are some of the tips they suggest for unleashing your creative potential -- both at home and at work . Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts . Even high ceilings have been shown to broaden attention . Small , windowless offices , low ceilings and narrow corridors will do little to inspire our brains and make us flexible , creative thinkers . Relaxing outdoor colors such as blue and green contribute to this state . "  Emergency " colors such as red suppress it . Surprisingly , dark colors and dim lighting can also be beneficial : by obscuring visual details , they help people think more abstractly . Static surroundings encourage static thinking . Do n't be predictable . You should sometimes change everyday routines , such as where you go for coffee or your route to work . Rearrange your furniture and decor from time to time , at home and in your workplace . Hold meetings in a variety of places . Make sure to include some nonconformists in your inner circle . Unusual people tend to be out-of-the-box thinkers , and their unique outlook might help you attack a problem from a different angle . The threat of a firm deadline will narrow your thinking and inhibit your insight . Try and use soft target dates and a flexible schedule to establish a helpful , nonthreatening time frame . Rewards and punishments for meeting or missing deadlines , if needed at all , should be vague and mild so they do n't contribute added pressure . A positive outlook will help stimulate a more open mind , one that can process a greater number of ideas . If you struggle to think happy , try focusing on the people and things that bring you joy . To put a twist on Pasteur 's famous saying , chance favors the happy mind . When you 're stuck on a problem , take a break to do or think about something very different . Expose yourself to a variety of people and places . Listen to music or go to a pleasing movie , art exhibit or talk a walk . Play a game , dance , do yoga , read . Insight triggers appear at the most unlikely times and places . We all know how important sleep is to our cognitive thinking . The sleep-deprived mind is more likely to fixate on small matters -- an absolute killer to creativity . Ample sleep also helps foster the discovery of hidden connections between ideas . Insightful thought is at its best when your powers of inhibition are weaker , because reduced focus opens up your awareness to remote associations that would n't come to you when you 're feeling sharp . If you 're an early bird , you should try doing your creative work at night . If you 're a night owl , try the morning . Perhaps the single most important thing to remember is that your mental state can change . It takes a while to sink into an insightful mindset . Try and schedule uninterrupted blocks of time for relaxed , freewheeling creative thought . Turn off your phone . Get rid of the clock . Let abstract ideas and vague impressions flow where they will . Tips have been extracted from the book "  The Eureka Factor " , which has been written by Dr. John Kounios and Dr. Mark Beeman . How missing sleep can damage your IQ How to make rejection work for you 7 habits of highly ineffective people	Two neuroscientists have conducted brain imaging to examine moments of clarity Sudden "  insights " are otherwise known as "  Eureka " or "  Aha " moments We can increase our chance of these insights with a variety of daily changes
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court handed down its first-ever sentence Tuesday , sending Thomas Lubanga -- the Congolese warlord convicted of using child soldiers and turning them into killers -- to prison for 14 years . But six years , from March 2006 until Tuesday , that Lubanga had been in custody will be deducted from the sentence , Judge Adrian Fulford at the court The Hague , Netherlands , said . Fulford said "  vulnerability of children mean that they need to be afforded particular protection that does not apply to the general population . " Warlords beyond Lubanga and Kony Lubanga 's cooperation with the court was one of the mitigating factors that the court considered during sentencing , he said . In March , the court convicted Lubanga of conscripting and enlisting children under age 15 and using them to participate in "  hostilities " during a civil war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Prosecutors said Lubanga led a rebel force that recruited child soldiers . The violence occurred between 2002 and 2003 in the mineral-rich eastern part of the nation . Lubanga forced some of the child soldiers to serve in militia roles , including as his bodyguards , the court said . Former child soldiers testified that Lubanga recruited them to kill , rape and rob . Lubanga 's case marked the ICC 's first trial and first verdict since the court was established in 2002 to address offenses of international concern , such as genocide and war crimes . In recent months , the court has come under fierce criticism that it disburses justice selectively . Critics have said the court targets Africa and bypasses opportunities to investigate abuses in various nations , including Afghanistan and Iraq . The court currently has investigations in the Central African Republic , Uganda , Kenya , Sudan , Ivory Coast and Libya . Do war crimes trials really help victims ? CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Thomas Lubanga was convicted of recruiting child soldiers during a bloody civil war Former child soldiers testified that Lubanga recruited them to kill , rape and rob Lubanga 's case marked the International Criminal Court 's first trial and verdict
CNN  -- A man has died after being attacked by a pale-headed saltwater crocodile nicknamed "  Michael Jackson " in Australia 's Northern Territory . The 57-year-old man was fishing with his wife on the bank of the Adelaide River Monday when his line apparently became snagged , Northern Territory Police said . "  It appears he has entered the water and tragically was taken by a crocodile while retrieving fishing equipment , " they said in a statement on Facebook . Parks and Wildlife Rangers and members of the Water Police Section subsequently shot and killed the 4.5 meter  14.7 foot  crocodile , they said . The man 's body was found nearby . The incident is believed to have occurred about 5.30 p.m. local time Monday  4 a.m ET , 8 a.m. GMT  , police said . Peter Saltmarsh , from Spectacular Jumping Crocodile Cruise , told CNN it was the first time in his 20 years working as a guide on the river that such an incident had occurred . "  There are plenty of crocodiles up here and we do n't have many problems as a rule . There are lots of signs , there are lots of cruises , there are lots of warnings and there 's lots of knowledge , " he said . Five companies operate crocodile cruises in the area with the giant reptiles distributed about one every 100 meters along the river , on the banks of which they could sometimes be spotted , Saltmarsh said . "  They normally eat fish and kangaroos and other things -- they 're not after us . They 're very timid and elusive animals , they 're very lazy and very rarely seen . " He said crocodiles could stay underwater for up to four hours . "  Michael Jackson " was recognizable for its pale head and had been known to locals for about 10 years , Saltmarsh said . The late pop singer Michael Jackson had suffered from the skin condition vitiligo , which caused parts of his skin to lighten . Saltmarsh said it was unfortunate that the victim had apparently entered water inhabited by big crocodiles at dusk to retrieve his lure . "  The crocodile could have thought he was any sort of an animal . It 's just really , really unfortunate . This person 's made a tragic error of judgment . " Recognizable crocodile Dr. Adam Britton has been researching crocodiles in the Northern Territory for about 18 years and was familiar with "  Michael Jackson . " "  What made that particular animal special was that it had a very light colored head , so it was very recognizable , " he said . "  It was missing part of its tail , two limbs and had a big scar on its belly . "  He was an old , beaten up , battle-scarred crocodile that everyone knew , " Britton said . "  When this report of someone being killed came in , people knew he was pretty much the only crocodile that lived in that territory , " he said . "  A lot of people did n't want to see him shot . " But Britton said that it was a legal requirement that the crocodile be killed so that the coroner could confirm the cause of death by , for example , matching bite marks and examining the reptile 's stomach contents . Evidence also suggested that if a crocodile successfully took a human it would be more likely to do so again in the future , he said . "  Crocodiles learn patterns and routines and we know from their wild behavior that they 'll actually come back to the same spot to catch a prey animal . " Britton said that he had heard of other people previously fishing from the same area where the man was taken . It had better access than most of the Adelaide River , which is mainly edged by muddy mangroves , he said . The fact that others may have fished there without incident could have created a mistaken sense of safety , Britton said . "  One of the things that makes crocodiles so dangerous is that you can do things like that and get away with it . Because crocodiles do n't always attack , " he said . "  That leads people into a false sense of security about how risky it actually it is . " In the wrong place at the wrong time , tragedies like this could then happen , he said . "  Often crocodiles will hone in on people who are actually fishing , " Britton said . "  There have been examples of crocodiles sneaking up and stealing fish . Likely when -LSB- the victim -RSB- stepped in to get his lure back , it was right there under the water -- probably expecting a fish . As far as the crocodile was concerned that was potential food for it . " Worldwide attacks "  It 's just a tragedy on every level , there are no positives that can possibly come out of this , " Britton said , adding that someone should n't have to lose their life to drive the safety message home . While "  Michael Jackson " was not actually an Albino -- a genetic mutation -- it was rare to see crocodiles with its coloring , which likely resulted from temperature changes during its incubation , he said . "  It does n't happen very often . But if you hatch out thousands of eggs you 'll see a few examples every few years , " he said . Britton said Michael Jackson was probably 40 to 50 years-old , meaning he would have hatched at a time when the number of crocodiles in Australia was low . Declining numbers led to their protection in Australia in 1971 , but the population is now regarded as being almost fully recovered , he said . The species was found throughout South East Asia , Britton said and a database -- Crocbite -- had been created to record confirmed attacks across the world going back to the 1800s . Prior to Monday 's fatal attack , the most recent suspected attack in the Northern Territory was on Melville Island , where Australian Broadcaster ABC reported that "  biological remains " had been found inside a crocodile after a man had gone missing earlier this month .	A man , 57 , has died after being attacked by a crocodile in Australia 's Northern Territory Police said the man apparently entered the Adelaide River after his fishing line snagged Guide Peter Saltmarsh said the crocodile nicknamed "  Michael Jackson " was well known The 4.5 meter crocodile , which was subsequently shot , had a pale head and dark body
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire . CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner , now 82 , and talked about Steven Watts ' new book , "  Mr. Playboy : Hugh Hefner and the American Dream . " Hugh Hefner , 82 , says that "  staying young is what it is all about for me . " John Roberts , CNN anchor : Mr. Hefner , good to see you . Hugh Hefner : It is my pleasure . Roberts : You have over the decades certainly supported political causes , you 've supported Democratic causes . I 'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years . Hefner : Well , where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know . But I , certainly , -LSB- say -RSB- this -LSB- is -RSB- a time for a change . I supported Obama . I 'm delighted that I lived to see a black president . I think he 's a very good man . I think we 've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory . And we hope that Obama can make some difference . Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner " Roberts : You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country . With the election of Barack Obama , do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end ? Hefner : It 's always ongoing . You know , we remain essentially a puritan people . And so I think that conflict is always there . One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s , and then there was a backlash . And that backlash , I think , has influenced government . And , um , the Christian right has had , played a major role in all of that . And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least . Roberts : Now in 1953 , when you first launched Playboy magazine , you seemed to be the right publication for the right time . I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report , which had come out not too long prior to that . But 55 years later , is Playboy magazine still relevant ? And if it is , how do you keep it relevant ? Hefner : Well , I do n't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s . But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place . Increasingly , obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books , but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always , is also embracing . We 're very much involved with the Internet . We were the first magazine to use -LSB- the -RSB- Internet and have our own Web site . So I think that we 'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics . Roberts : The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating , very fascinating look at your entire career , from your roots all the way up until the present . And he says , looking back over it , that "  the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself . Aiming it at his own tastes and values . " Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion ? Hefner : I think so , but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique . They do speak with a personal voice . And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special . Roberts : Now this , of course , has been a family enterprise . You founded the magazine , your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982 . She has been there for 26 years , but she 's stepping down later on this month . Will you be able to still maintain that same - I do n't want to say "  quality " because I 'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years ? Hefner : Well , only time will tell . If you 're talking in terms of family connections , I have two teenage sons . As a matter fact , there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue . Roberts : I saw it . Hefner : Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College . Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC , and both have an interest in the magazine . Roberts : So you 'll be able to continue that legacy into the future ? Hefner : That is my hope . Roberts : Hugh , in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems . You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives , the feminist movement , business started to suffer . Of course , there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her . A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way . It said : "  Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism : A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers , pajamas and smoking jacket , pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up . " How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have ? Hefner : Well , I think that 's probably the great question . One of the big questions is "  Why is the brand so hugely popular again ? " There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade , and the brand has become hugely popular again . Part of it because of the television show . The television show is a global phenomenon . And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men . Roberts : I know . The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry , "  Girls Next Door . " It 's heading into its sixth season . And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women . How do you think you 've tapped into that market ? Hefner : Well , we certainly did n't anticipate it . The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me . Because I 'm a very busy guy . I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine . So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man . What we did n't anticipate , of course , was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that , of course , is really welcome . Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future . Roberts : Of course , the three principals in "  Girls Next Door " are Holly , Bridget and Kendra , and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly , at the very least . Will they be back again next year for the next season ? Hefner : Yes , all three of the girls are scheduled for season six . It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls , too . Roberts : You 're 82 years old now ? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins , Karissa and Kristina Shannon . You are 63 years older than they are . A lot of people would say , "  How do you do it ? " And other people might say , "  Are you ever going to grow up ? " Hefner : Well , I 'm never going to grow up . Staying young is what it is all about for me . Holding on to the boy and , um , long ago I decided that age really did n't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way , that 's fine with me . Roberts : Well , you 're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I 've ever seen . Hugh Hefner , thanks for being with us today . Hefner : My pleasure always . Roberts : Take care . Hefner : Thank you .	New book about publisher is "  Mr. Playboy : Hugh Hefner and the American Dream " Now 82 , publisher-playboy says he still has no plans to "  grow up " "  You know , we remain essentially a puritan people , " Hefner says Hefner 's latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins
WIRED  -- The Verizon Wireless 4G network has been lauded as lightning-fast . Now , the company is launching a second phone that will work with its speeds . The Samsung-built Droid Charge launched on Verizon on Saturday , joining the Thunderbolt , HTC 's flagship device . In our tests , the Thunderbolt delivered some of the highest data-transfer speeds we 've seen . But Verizon 's 4G network recently went down across the country , which raises the question : Is the company ready for another 4G phone ? For a period of more than 30 hours from April 26 through 28 , Verizon customers experienced nationwide downtime on the company 's 4G LTE network . Those using Thunderbolt smartphones were the first to spot the problem , as they were only able to receive 3G or even 2G connections . Since 4G only handles data transfer , voice and text messaging services were not affected . The Droid Charge was originally slated for release the same weekend as the outage . Samsung 's addition to the Droid brand is only the second phone to run on Verizon 's 4G network , giving those that do n't want to buy the Thunderbolt a bit of choice . Aside from the manufacturer , however , the phones differ little in hardware specs . Both have 4.3-inch displays , front - and back-facing cameras with the same resolutions  1.3 and 8 megapixels , respectively  , and the ability to act as a 4G mobile hotspot . But as the 4G network was still down the morning of April 28 , the phone 's release was pushed back . Verizon acknowledged the downtime in a Twitter status update , claiming it was "  working with engineers " to get 4G back up to speed . By the second day , Verizon restored 4G service in its areas of coverage . Verizon has continually refused to explain the network outages . When Wired.com asked for specific reasons for why the network went down last month , a Verizon spokesperson declined to answer . 4G data-transfer capability and coverage are a relatively new phenomenon . Sprint launched the first 4G phone on its Wi-Max network in June 2010 with HTC 's Evo 4G . Verizon 's 4G network debuted in December of last year . AT&T and T-Mobile both lay claim to the 4G moniker on their respective HSPA + networks , though issues around what qualifies as "  4G " still remain . As of early May , Verizon states 4G coverage is available in "  45 markets " across the United States . "  Our philosophy has always been the same , " said Verizon spokesperson Brenda Raney in an interview . "  When phones are ready to deliver customers an excellent experience , we 'll launch them . " But it looks like the hardware has been ready to go for a while . Out of the 10 San Francisco Bay Area Verizon retailers Wired.com contacted , six said they already had Droid Charge handsets in stock for some time , but were not able to sell them until today . Two stores did not answer , one had n't received phones , and one received its first shipment yesterday .  One store claims it received its shipment "  about two weeks ago , " approximately the same time as Verizon 's 4G network outage . It 's a similar case in other parts of the country as well . A store in the Boston suburban area also had phones in stock , but has n't been able to sell them , according to a report from Computerworld . Two Verizon employees from separate Bay Area stores told Wired.com the delay had to do with "  4G network problems . " Speaking at a Sony Ericsson business forum in Palo Alto this week , executive director of LTE technologies Brian Higgins said the company had learned lessons from the experience , and that Verizon was going to "  make some adjustments . " Higgins would n't elaborate any further . Whatever adjustments the company has to make , we 'll have to wait and see how Verizon 's 4G network handles the influx of new device activations . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Samsung-built Droid Charge launched on Verizon on Saturday Verizon 's 4G network recently went down across the country Droid Charge was originally slated for release the same weekend as the outage
Editor 's note : What 's the best advice your father ever gave you ? Please share in the comments section below . RealSimple.com  -- My father taught me the importance of making my bed every morning . When I was six years old , he showed me how to complete the task Marine Corps-style and would inspect my work on a daily basis . Today my bed is one of the only things in my life that is consistently neat and orderly .  Sigh .  -- Mary Usen , Buffalo , New York Real Simple : 14 Father 's Day cards How important it is to have fun . My dad was never boring : He often stood on his head to impress his three kids . And he made even mundane errands exciting . For example , he once coaxed us to imagine a trip to the fishmonger 's  with its live octopus on display  as a Jules Verne adventure . My dad taught me that life is better when you have a good time -- and bring others along for the ride . -- Monique Citron Stampleman , Larchmont , New York Many mornings when my dad dropped me off at school , he would repeat the adage "  Do n't take any wooden nickels . " He meant it to mean : Do n't settle for less than you 're worth . I 've relied on this advice countless times over the years . It has motivated me to end harmful relationships and has kept me from underestimating my abilities at work . Thanks to my father , I do n't let self-doubt keep me from achieving my goals . -- Hilary Heindl , Salem , Massachusetts While I was growing up in the late 1950s and early 60s , my dad made sure I knew that I could do anything a man could do . He showed me how to use power tools , climb on the roof to install a radio antenna , and lift a trailer onto a hitch . He also loved to see me dressed up for dances and even bought me my first lipstick . He wanted me to recognize that I could be feminine and self-sufficient . -- Winifred Norwood , Ellsworth , Maine Real Simple : Father 's Day gift ideas When I first entered the working world , my dad told me that it 's as important to remember the assistant 's name as the boss 's . It 's good manners , but it 's also smart business : After all , if you ever need something , you wo n't get to the boss unless you 're on good terms with the person who handles her schedule . Having worked as an assistant myself , I know firsthand that he was right . I would make a point to go out of my way to help people who treated me kindly . -- Carolyn Juris , Astoria , New York My father says , "  If you want something done , ask a busy person to do it . " And he should know : He 's an incredibly industrious doctor who manages to get to know his patients well , play ball with his grandchildren , and pursue countless hobbies . In my own life , I 've discovered that I am more productive when I have more going on . -- Kim Prywes Bloomberg , Chicago , Illinois Real Simple : 10 things my father was right about Before I got married , my father advised me to avoid complaining about my husband to my friends . If you do n't hash out problems with your spouse , he said , you might start harboring resentment toward him or cause your friends to view him negatively . Because of this sound guidance , my marriage is thriving . -- Lara Carr Winton , Pinson , Alabama You do n't have to answer the phone just because it rings . My dad always felt that if he was with a family member or a friend , that person took precedence over whoever might be calling . He taught me to focus on the people I 'm with , regardless of the situation . After all , they deserve my full attention . -- Jessica Barr-Gabriel , Okotoks , Alberta Real Simple : 7 gifts for dad The best advice my father ever gave was passed down from his dad : Never try to solve problems at night , because they always seem worse than they do in the morning . Though I sometimes lack the self-control to follow this sage suggestion , I 've learned over the years that it 's true . Darkness can make even the smallest obstacle seem insurmountable . -- Laura Sinrod , New York , New York Everything -- especially when it comes to gardening . Thanks to my dad 's smarts , I know that I should check the average date for the last frost in my region before I start spring planting . I only hope that one day my backyard will be as enviable as his . -- Kristin Monaco , Washington , D.C. Real Simple : Grill like a pro To avoid the blues , my dad said , you should always have something to look forward to . Now when I 'm in a bad mood , I find myself thinking about that "  something " -- a sunny vacation spot , a trip to a café , or even a good-night hug from my boys . -- Amy Canby , Englewood , Colorado Real Simple : 20 books for dads Share your dad 's best advice in the comment area below . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	People share words of wisdom from their fathers Sinrod 's father taught her to "  Never try to solve problems at night . " Usen 's father advised her to always make her bed in the morning
CNN  -- In April , a dejected Rory McIlroy slumped away from the well-manicured Augusta National golf course after suffering one of the most dramatic final-round collapses in the sport 's history . Despite starting the day as the dominant force and with a four-shot lead at the prestigious Masters , nerves and neuroses combined in the Atlanta sunshine to see him drop six strokes in three holes on the back nine on his way to an eight-over-par 80 . His first career major had slipped through his fingers and his meltdown -- excruciating miss after excruciating miss -- had been captured by the world 's media . The disintegration of McIlroy 's focus and golfing faculty was such that doubt was cast on his burgeoning talent . Did the young Northern Irishman have what it took to be a champion ? The question did not remain unanswered for long . Fast forward two months , having not long passed his 22nd birthday , when McIlroy showed the steel that many feared he lacked by destroying all before him at the U.S. Open with a tournament-record 16-under-par total at Congressional . His first major had been won , redemption had been achieved . After a turnaround worthy of Hollywood -- which is maybe fitting for a man born in the small town of Holywood -- McIlroy became a superstar . And the scintillating form of 2011 that had driven his meteoric rise continued : he is currently second in the world rankings and on the verge of finishing top of the European Tour 's money list for the first time . Tiger holds no terror for golf 's new world order Maybe unsurprisingly , he is looking forward to 2012 . "  I 'm in a very happy place in my life , " McIlroy told CNN . "  I 'm very happy with what 's going on on the golf course . "  There have been a few changes in my life . One of the biggest ones is becoming a major champion and realizing the different pressures that come with that status . "  It 's nice to have one major , but then to get your second and to call yourself a multiple major champion would be something very special and it 's something I want to try to do next year . " In 1997 , another 22-year-old had similarly lofty ambitions . After a year which saw him clinch the Masters title , Tiger Woods used his first major triumph as a springboard for one of the most devastating spells of dominance that golf , and indeed sport , has ever seen . Another 13 majors followed for Woods during a decade of almost uninterrupted supremacy , before injury and revelations about his personal life in late 2009 led to a meltdown both on and off the golf course . Woods ' collapse was dramatic . First , he surrendered top spot in the world rankings for the first time in 281 weeks when Lee Westwood usurped him in November 2010 . It marked the start of Woods ' troubles and his nadir arrived in October this year , when a two-year winless streak culminated with him slipping out of the top 50 for the first time since 1996 . But recently Woods has shown signs of flickering back into life , exhibiting flashes of his dominant best to clinch last week 's Chevron World Challenge and finally stop the rot . Far from intimidating McIlroy , the possibility of facing a rejuvenated Woods inspires him . McIlroy hopes to test himself to the limit by putting himself through a final-day showdown with the 35-year-old in 2012 . "  I 'm looking forward to hopefully having the chance to go up against him next year on the final day of a tournament , " McIlroy said of Woods . "  I 'm sure a lot of the younger guys are as well because it 's something we 've never been able to do before . "  It 's new to us and it 's a big challenge , to see how we handle it and to pit ourselves against possibly the best player to ever play the game . " The younger guys McIlroy speaks of have capitalized on the power vacuum created by Woods ' fall from grace . Although hardly a youngster , England 's Luke Donald has benefited the most by rising to the top of the world rankings and sealing his position at the top of the U.S. PGA Tour money list . In fact , if the 34-year-old can fend off competition from McIlroy at this weekend 's Dubai World Championship he will become the first player in the sport 's history to finish a season top of both the European and U.S. money lists . In addition to Donald , an array of rising stars have blazed a trail up the world rankings . One such player is Australia 's Jason Day , who finished second at the Masters and U.S. Open during a breakthrough 2011 . "  There 's quite a few of us out there , the likes of myself , Rickie Fowler , Jason Day , " explained McIlroy . "  Jason Day is a guy who really impresses me . "  I 've played quite a lot of golf with him this year . He 's only 23 years old and he 's been second in two majors this year and he 's really cemented himself among the top players in the world . I think he 'll have a very good season next year . " As one of the sport 's bright young hopes , McIlroy 's profile is bound to rise in 2012 . But it is not just his on-course performance which is attracting media attention . McIlroy 's blossoming romance with the world 's top-ranked female tennis player Caroline Wozniacki is another reason why his celebrity stock is on the rise . "  I 'm very content , " McIlroy said . "  I 'm happy with the team that I have around me and I 'm happy with everything else that 's going on . We both lead very similar lifestyles . If I 'm perfectly honest , Caroline is a very good influence on me . " McIlroy explained how the drive exhibited by his Danish girlfriend in pursuit of her maiden grand slam title acts as an inspiration to him . "  She is incredibly hard-working , she puts 100 % effort into her game . It 's nice to be able to share things with someone who really understands , " he said of the 21-year-old . "  I 've really enjoyed the time that I 've spent with her over the past few months . " McIlroy has certainly come a long way since that disastrous Sunday at the Masters , with his new-found confidence best illustrated by his response to the question , "  Would you back yourself to win a major next season ? " His three-word answer : "  Yes I would . "	Rory McIlroy is seeking more major success in 2012 after a breakthrough year The Northern Irishman won his first major at June 's U.S. Open and is No. 2 in the world The 22-year-old golfer is dating top-ranked Danish tennis star Caroline Wozniacki McIlroy wants a final-day showdown with 14-time major champion Tiger Woods
CNN  -- A Texas woman vanished without a trace after visiting friends in Plano over Labor Day weekend , police said . Now her family and friends are desperately trying to find out what happened to Christina Marie Morris . Morris , 23 , lives in Fort Worth but was visiting friends in Plano , about 50 miles away , when she disappeared on August 30 , according to her family . Relatives reported her missing on Tuesday night , four days after she was last seen . Morris ' parents filed a missing persons report on their daughter late Tuesday , according to police . Morris was last seen by a friend , who walked her to a parking garage at the Shops at Legacy mall just before 4 a.m. , but he did not walk her all the way to her car , police said . She appears on surveillance video walking into the parking garage with the friend , police said . "  The guy ... is a friend of hers from high school . They had been at a friend 's apartment hanging out and walked back together , " Plano police spokesman David Tilley said Saturday . Police later found Morris ' vehicle in the parking garage , but there was no sign of the woman . Her mother , Jonni McElroy , visited stores at the mall this week , desperately looking for anyone who may have seen Morris before she disappeared , CNN affiliate WFAA-TV reported . "  I 'm not leaving . I will not leave here until I find clues to find my daughter , " she told WFAA . Family and friends on Friday night also retraced Morris ' steps , hoping to find answers to her whereabouts , the station said . Police said Morris ' cell phone is either dead or turned off . "  We have been able to track the phone 's last known location and that was in the Shops at Legacy , " Tilley said . Her boyfriend , Hunter Foster , put out a plea on his Facebook page this week asking for help finding Morris . "  I 'm worried sick and will do anything to get any information on the last time anyone has seen or talked to her please help and pray that she is ok , " he said in a posting Tuesday . "  Police are involved and we are going to find her and whoever has taken her or whoever she is with . " Plano authorities are asking for the public 's help in locating Morris , who is described as 5 feet 4 inches tall , with blond hair and brown eyes , weighing 100 pounds . Anyone with information is asked to call police at 972-424-5678 .	Christina Marie Morris vanished in Plano , Texas , over Labor Day weekend Morris ' parents reported her missing on Tuesday Morris last seen by friend in mall parking garage Family and friends plead for help in finding her
Madrid  CNN  -- The first day of the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona on Thursday was a swift race through old town for hundreds of runners trying to stay a step ahead of the raging bulls , but just four runners went to the hospital with injuries , officials said . Commentators on Spanish state television TVE considered it a relatively safe start to the dangerous annual tradition in Pamplona , which has tallied thousands of injuries and 15 deaths since record-keeping began in 1924 , including the fatal goring of a Spanish man in 2009 . The run in Pamplona started 400 years ago and became popular worldwide after author Ernest Hemingway wrote about it in the 1920s in his book "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title "  Fiesta . " It is now broadcast live across Spain by state television TVE , which pays Pamplona for exclusive rights , and positions some 20 cameras along the course . A Red Cross official at the scene initially said just one runner went to the hospital , but the Navarra regional government issued a medical report later showing that four male runners were taken to hospitals . The most seriously injured was a 40-year-old Spanish man who suffered broken ribs and a fractured shoulder blade and remained hospitalized later Thursday . The other three were released from the hospital hours after arriving . They included two Spaniards , one with bruised ribs and the other with an eye injury , and a Panamanian man , 35 , with a nose injury . Television images showed numerous runners falling hard to the pavement and the bulls trying to step over them . Most of the runners were men , mainly dressed in the traditional white outfits with red handkerchiefs , but there was also a small number of women . The six bulls were from the Torrestrella breeding ranch and weigh between 470 kgs to 635 kgs  about 1,034 pounds to 1,397 pounds  . Accompanied by a pack of tame steers , they exited the corral just 10 seconds after the opening rocket was fired to signal the start of the run . They moved quickly along the 825-meter  902 yard  course , and it took two minutes and 30 seconds until the bulls reached the corrals of the bull ring . The bulls face certain death against matadors in a bullfight later in the day . Pamplona 's new mayor , Enrique Maya , told TVE just before the race that he had never run . He said he watched it from one of the numerous balconies along the course , which are filled with local residents or visitors , the latter typically paying top dollar for a safe vantage point . The daily run continues for eight days , through July 14 , at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  . It is the highlight of the San Fermin festival in Pamplona that attracts hundreds of thousands to the nonstop fiesta .	NEW : Four runners go to the hospital with injuries Numerous runners fall hard as the bulls try to step over them Hundreds of thousands expected at nonstop festival in Pamplona
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The head of a shipping company recently victimized by pirates off the Somali coast told lawmakers Tuesday that U.S. cargo crews should be allowed to arm themselves in response to the rising hijacking threat . In April , pirates attacked The Liberty Sun , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , but were unable to board . Philip Shapiro , head of Liberty Maritime Corp. , told a U.S. Senate Commerce subcommittee that the owners of U.S.-flagged "  have done all they can within the law to protect our crews . " Unfortunately , he said , U.S. vessels are still largely at the mercy of pirates in shipping lanes around the heavily trafficked Gulf of Aden . "  In light of the recent threats to U.S. merchant mariners , we respectfully request that Congress consider clearing the obstacles that currently block ship owners from arming our vessels , " Shapiro said . Pirates unsuccessfully attempted to board the Liberty Sun , a cargo vessel owned by Shapiro 's company , near the Somali coast on April 14 . The ship was on a humanitarian relief mission at the time , carrying 47,000 tons of food to Mombassa , Kenya . Pirate leaders later said the attempted hijacking was carried out as revenge after the U.S. Navy killed three pirates involved in a failed attack on the cargo ship Maersk Alabama . The slain pirates were holding Capt. Richard Phillips , who was in charge of the Alabama when it was boarded April 8 . "  We 've heard some suggestions that U.S.-flagged ship owners have not done enough to protect their vessels , " Shapiro said . "  That view ... is flat wrong . Our company adopted every measure recommended by the international maritime organizations and required by the Coast Guard 's approved security plan for making the vessel a difficult piracy target -- and more . " Merchant vessels do n't usually carry firearms , he said , but the "  Maersk Alabama incident constitutes a game changer . ... Self-proclaimed pirate leaders have now issued direct threats of violence against American merchant mariners . " Shapiro said that U.S. crews have a right to self-defense under U.S. laws dating back to 1819 , but "  recently enacted State Department arms export regulations effectively prohibit the arming of vessels . " He also said that ship owners are at risk of "  being second-guessed in U.S. and foreign courts for self-defensive measures that were common in 1819 . " Shapiro urged congressional leaders to help "  bring U.S. law up to date and give us the legal framework we need to be able to protect ourselves . " Until then , he said , U.S. naval escorts or government security teams will be required for U.S. vessels on high-risk transits . Shapiro was joined at the committee hearing by Phillips , who said the most desirable response would be the establishment of U.S. military escorts as well as military detachments . Phillips repeated an assertion he made before a separate Senate committee last week that arming vessels ' crews could provide an effective deterrent -- but only under certain limited circumstances . "  Unless the root causes of piracy are addressed -LSB- on land -RSB- , piracy will continue to expand and evolve into an even greater threat for American and foreign seamen , " Phillips said . A Transportation Department official testifying at the hearing noted that the ships most vulnerable to attack are those built low to the water with insufficient top speeds . Ships need to be able to accelerate to "  a high rate of speed -LSB- for -RSB- aggressive maneuvering " and should have high walls that are tough for pirates to scale , said Undersecretary of Transportation Roy Kienitz . He recommended that ship owners mandate a range of "  best practices , " including having fire hoses to spray water over the side of a ship and extra manning for watches during dawn and dusk , when attacks are tougher to detect . Shapiro said that the crew of the Liberty Sun was able to fend off the pirate attack in part by rigging fire hoses to cover the stern of the vessel and "  create a virtual flood wall of water coming off the ship . " Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , applauded the efforts of the crews on both the Alabama and the Liberty Sun . "  These bandits have to be stopped , " he said at the opening of the hearing . "  Violence and lawlessness will not be tolerated whether on land , in the sky or at sea . We have a duty to protect the ships that proudly fly America 's flag . "	Liberty Maritime Corp. chief speaks before U.S. Senate Commerce subcommittee He says U.S. vessels are at mercy of pirates around the busy Gulf of Aden Pirates tried , failed to board one of his company 's cargo ships , the Liberty Sun Richard Phillips , the hijacked Maersk Alabama captain , joined him at the hearing
Dakar , Senegal  CNN  -- Wearing a stylish red dress and a beaming smile , celebrated fashion designer Adama Paris sits comfortably inside her spacious living room in Dakar , the vibrant seaside capital of Senegal , as we discuss her inspirations . "  My designing process starts always with me , " explains Paris . "  With what I want to wear ; with what is in my closet -- my style is multi-cultural , it 's eclectic , it 's the mix of my travels , it 's bold , it 's rocky , " she adds . "  It 's African . " Indeed , for more than a decade the Senegalese designer has been putting African fashion to global runways and clothing stores -- from New York and London to Paris and Tokyo . But besides spreading her stylish vision around the world , Paris is also bringing attention closer to home -- 12 years ago she founded Dakar Fashion Week , a popular event allowing designers from all over West Africa and beyond to showcase their colorful creations to fashion lovers and international media . "  The fashion scene in Senegal is so bold , " says Paris , whose real name is Adama Amanda Ndiaye . "  I have seen it grow like a baby and I am so proud to be a part of this . " Black Fashion Week Following the initial success of the Dakar Fashion week , Paris began receiving invitations to attend big designers ' shows in fashion capitals like London and New York . But whilst there , she quickly started feeling like an outsider . "  I was really frustrated , " she says . "  When I looked around there were so few black models and I felt like I was n't belonging there . " That frustration was behind Paris ' decision to start Black Fashion Week in 2010 to help promote the talented black designers and models that she felt were being ignored by the industry . Paris held the inaugural event in the Czech Republic , followed by editions in Paris , Montreal , Geneva and Bahia . "  I thought it was right ... to try to do something to help my own people and to get more exposure , " she says . "  It was not saying them they were wrong , it was saying , ` OK , we are here , ' " adds Paris . "  It was also a statement -LSB- to -RSB- the fashion industry , ` stop this discrimination , black is beautiful . ' I am sick and tired of seeing only skinny blonde girls and not black women in the runway . " From the runway to the TV screen The daughter of diplomats , Paris spent much of her childhood traveling and soaking up other cultures before finally settling in France where she attended college . She first made a name for herself in the French capital but decided to bring her fashion home to Senegal in 2001 . Now , with a thriving label and flourishing annual events under her belt , the fashion entrepreneur is taking on her next business venture -- TV . A two-year project in the making , Paris has had her heart set on creating a new avenue to promote local fashion talent . Starting with a reality show she describes as the "  equivalent of America 's Next Top Model , " Paris wants to provide new opportunities for aspiring young models from the continent . "  We wanted really young girls and give them -LSB- an -RSB- opportunity to go outside Senegal to model in Africa -- South Africa , Angola -LSB- and -RSB- also in Europe . This is going to be a big deal because it is probably going to start their career . " Her other goal is to introduce viewers to alternative fashion designers . While there are currently channels devoted to fashion , Paris explains that they do n't show enough African inspiration and when they do , coverage tends to focus on designers from South Africa . "  I want them to see us in Nigeria , Ghana , Dakar . That was the purpose of this channel , " she says . "  I want people to see we have great designers . And that 's what I 'm going to show -- Africans wearing African clothes , " adds Paris . Fashion made in Africa by Africans . " READ THIS : Dakar , the ` capital of Franco-African fashion ' READ THIS : Teen rapper fights sexual harassment	Adama Amanda Ndiaye is best known as the creator of fashion label , Adama Paris The Senegalese designer wants to reinvent how African fashion is showcased Tired of seeing a lack of black models on the catwalk , she launched Black Fashion Week
CNN  -- South Africa may just have found another Paralympian to inspire a nation -- and perhaps the world . After "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius became the first double-amputee runner to compete at an Olympics , and Natalie Du Toit excelled in the pool , Lucas Sithole -- who lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 12 -- became the first South African to win a title at tennis ' U.S. Open . "  Natalie made a huge impact on South African sport , the same as Oscar , " the nation 's Davis Cup captain , John-Laffnie De Jager , told CNN . "  Lucas can play the same role . " Judging by the welcome he received in Johannesburg following his historic victory in New York in September , Sithole is well on his way . A large crowd greeted Sithole at OR Tambo International Airport , where he signed posters that read , "  Rolling Inspiration . " Reflecting on the scene , Sithole was still genuinely surprised . And why would n't he be ? Such receptions for wheelchair tennis champions are highly unusual . "  I was n't expecting it but at the end of the day I was happy to be honored like that , " the 27-year-old told CNN . "  People were calling my name and it was nice to get recognized even if I 'm only in wheelchair tennis . It was actually awesome , man . "  Later on , even when I went from my house to the shop to buy bread , people still recognized me . I have no problem with that . " Boost for African tennis His emergence as a tennis ace comes at a good time for South Africa , since the country 's No. 1 in the ATP ranks , Kevin Anderson , has n't played in the Davis Cup for two years . Anderson is married to an American and last year in an interview with the New York Times did n't rule out representing the U.S. in the future . Liezel Huber , a former No. 1 in women 's doubles , already changed her nationality , becoming an American citizen six years ago . She has since won three U.S. Open doubles titles . And some will say Sithole can take over from Pistorius in capturing the hearts of South Africans after the latter 's fall from grace . There is no doubting that Pistorius ' exploits on the track led to plaudits and a massive following -- without the use of half his legs he reached the semifinals at London 2012 competing against able-bodied athletes -- but his reputation has suffered since he was accused of murdering his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . "  Lucas is fortunate that people in South Africa have already recognized athletes with a disability probably stronger than other countries , " says Sithole 's coach , Holger Losch . South Africa 's president , Jacob Zuma , sent Sithole a message of congratulations for his achievement at Flushing Meadows when he downed David Wagner on the latter 's home soil . "  It was no small feat , " Zuma said in a statement . "  He has made both the government and the people of South Africa immensely proud . " Even if the attendance on Court 11 could n't match the buzz for the men 's final between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic on gargantuan Arthur Ashe Stadium , the atmosphere was nonetheless raucous . Shouts of "  USA , USA " were meant to encourage Wagner but Sithole rallied from a set down to beat the world No. 1 in three sets , shedding tears of joy when the finale concluded . A left-hander like Nadal , Sithole also hits with heavy spin on his forehand . Prior to his accident -- Sithole said he preferred "  not to go back there " when the incident was brought up in this interview -- he had n't seen anyone play tennis . He picked up his first racquet only about seven years ago . "  Certainly I thought that Lucas could be a force in the future but I just did n't know how long it would take him , " Wagner , who plays with his racquet taped to his right hand , told CNN . "  He 's very quick around the court and has good chair skills and some big shots . " Sithole and Wagner -- who are occasional doubles partners -- developed a rivalry in 2013 , meeting nine times in singles since the end of May , and more battles are expected next year given they are the top two in the quads rankings . Thinking further ahead , Sithole aims to be on the podium at the 2016 Paralympics in Rio . Wagner beat a then unseeded Sithole in the first round of the Paralympics in London a year ago . ` Double bagel ' start Sithole contested his first international wheelchair event in 2006 in the Netherlands , home to the most dominant wheelchair player of all time , Esther Vergeer . Wagner beat him in doubles and Sithole lost his opening singles match by the dreaded "  double bagel " score of 6-0 6-0 . "  He 's done exceptionally well to get to where he is now in a short time , " said Losch . "  His character is the thing that drives him the hardest and he relishes playing on the big stage . He 's very competitive . "  If you look at Lucas physically you 'd think of all kinds of reasons he 'd struggle to do stuff but when you get to know him , you see that he takes on challenges . He lives his life to the fullest . " Attending a primary and secondary school for the physically disabled changed Sithole 's mindset for the better as he saw fellow students thriving . And that has come full circle , as pupils from one of his former schools were among those who saluted him at the airport . Amassing more grand slam titles will only strengthen Sithole 's profile , said De Jager , who rose to No. 11 in the world in doubles after overcoming a heart condition at birth . "  I think it 's going to be key for him now to keep improving and try and win some more big tournaments , " he said . "  I think if that happens it would be huge for tennis in South Africa , especially wheelchair tennis . "	Lucas Sithole became the first South African citizen to win a U.S. Open tennis title Sithole beat world No. 1 David Wagner in the men 's quad final in New York The 27-year-old received a hero 's welcome when he returned to South Africa He lost both his legs and most of his right arm when he fell under a train aged 12
CNN  -- A renowned South African whitewater guide and outdoorsman was apparently pulled from his kayak by a crocodile in the Democratic Republic of Congo and is presumed dead , expedition sponsor Eddie Bauer said . Hendrik Coetzee and two American kayakers , Ben Stookesberry and Chris Korbulic , were on the Lukuga River when the incident occurred Tuesday , the clothing and outdoor gear company said on its "  Born Out There " blog . Stookesberry and Korbulic were able to paddle to safety and were assisted by the International Rescue Committee , the website said . "  The mission for the Africa kayak expedition was to run and document the unexplored whitewater of the region , while focusing on the people and clean water crisis in Central Africa , " Eddie Bauer said . "  We are saddened by the tragic accident and express our deepest sympathies to Hendri 's family and friends . We would like to thank the IRC and Solidarites International , who continue to provide assistance and support to the team . " Coetzee , known as Hendri , last posted an entry on his "  The Great White Explorer " blog on November 26 . In it , he described the team 's paddle through a challenging and beautiful stretch of river in the region . "  As hard , warm drops trashed at our little selves and a pair of goats , we stood precariously on a unknown slope deep in the heart of Africa , for once my mind and heart agreed , I would never live a better day , " Coetzee wrote . Stookesberry , in a dispatch published November 1 on Outside magazine 's website , said team leader Coetzee offered safety advice . "  Stay out of eddies ... especially the small BS ones because there are three-ton hippos that will bite you in half , " Coetzee said , according to Stookesberry , an extreme kayaer . "  Stay off the banks because the crocs are having a bake and might fancy you for lunch . Basically , stay close behind me and follow my lead . Any questions ? " According to Outside , Coetzee gained prominence after he led the first source-to-sea expedition of the Nile River , in 2004 . He later returned and soloed the infamous Murchison Falls section of the Nile in Uganda .	Hendrik Coetzee was leading a team in Congo sponsored by Eddie Bauer He apparently was pulled from a kayak by a crocodile on the Lukuga River Two kayakers with him were able to paddle to safety , according to sponsor 's blog
CNN  -- When our father , Michael Grant Cahill , was murdered in the Fort Hood , Texas , shooting on November 5 , 2009 , we were barraged with the question , "  What can we do ? " People wanted to help , get milk , make us casserole and assist relatives with travel . Support was everywhere . That support remains . In the wake of shootings in Newtown , Aurora , Tucson , Oak Creek , and too many more places , people are asking again , "  What can we do ? " First , we must stop asking "  why ? " and start asking "  why not ? " In other words , what are we doing to prevent these tragic shootings ? Opinion : Patterns and warning signs These events are caused by a perfect storm of issues . These include the proliferation of assault rifles and clips of 30 to 100 rounds , access to mental health support or lack of it , and , most important , falling short in our efforts of prevention . It is a sinking ship , and we must start filling the holes . Holes made by guns that shoot 45 rounds in 1 minute , like the semi-automatic rifle used in Newtown . Holes inspired by the glorification of the shooters in previous shootings . Their life-size faces on the cover of Time magazine , bought by you , and dominating the Internet sites you browse , while the fallen are left in the photo albums of their families . Holes made by the lack of help and understanding in our country 's mental health . Holes made by the fact that the Newtown children are not the only children we have lost to mass shootings . They are the unfortunate 20 who made us realize the water is up to our throats . The water is rising . What hole can you fill ? Can you think about prevention rather than reaction by supporting programs in our schools that encourage our children to look out for one another ? Can you be honest about what it would take to defend yourself against an assault rifle ? Can you pay attention to important legislation and contact your congressman and senators to show support or share your thoughts ? Can you stop saying , "  Glad it was n't me " and start saying "  What if it was me ? " We can not continue accepting that "  these things happen " and "  you will never stop evil . " Those statements ensure that more innocents will die . Our father charged a gun outfitted with 30-round extended clips and was shot six times . Dad never let evil get the last word . He never looked at a problem and thought it was hopeless . We must do the same , and we must be honest : sacrificing our pride and admitting that we , as a nation , have a problem . We need training for our teachers and police officers . Training that does n't just focus on how to react to shootings but knows the community and makes relationships that lead to safer communities . Opinion : Freedom Group , a gunmaker ripe for an ethical takeover Programs such as Rachel 's Challenge started after the Columbine shooting by the parents of the first student killed , Rachel Joy Scott . The Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism , started after the Oklahoma City Bombing , which trains police officers not just to recognize danger but how to create communities that are more aware . "  Random actor " trainings , by Dan Korem , teaching educators how to identify possible mass shooters , focus on at-risk kids and help those students . Gun sales are rising , but is the support for the families affected by some of those guns and commitment to prevention rising with it ? Here is the question we are haunted by : "  What is wrong with us that it takes 20 children dying in one shooting to make us change ? " And some of us still wo n't . We have to address the answers , and we have to have the conversation . Let 's start fixing the problem instead of treating the symptoms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Cahill and Vanacker : Our father was murdered in the Fort Hood shooting in 2009 They ask : What are we doing to prevent these tragic shootings ? We need training for our teachers and police officers , they say They ask : Gun sales are rising , but is commitment to prevention rising with it ?
SAN FERNANDO , Philippines  CNN  -- In skeletal form , they look like gargantuan honeycombs , rising 20 feet into the air . They are the largest incarnations of the Philippines ' parol , an eye-dazzling electric Christmas lantern that symbolizes the Star of Bethlehem . In action they 're truly a sight to behold . Each giant parol features a series of thousands of spinning lights synchronized by seven large steel drums -- the rotors . When the parol spins , the rotor hits a row of hairpins , electrifying the bulbs . Though smaller parols for household use have more latitude in covering , with choices like capiz shells and fiberglass , the giant lanterns usually stick to polyvinyl plastic . Only 10 or so of the giant parols are produced a year to compete in San Fernando 's Ligligan Parul , or Giant Lantern Festival . It has been held every December for the last 80 years in Pampanga province , about 75 kilometers outside of Manila . It 's this yuletide fervor for the nationally loved electric star that has lent credence to San Fernando 's cachet as the "  Christmas Capital of the Philippines . " And likely even Asia . More : 12 of the world 's most spectacular Christmas trees Five generations of parol makers When visiting the San Fernando barangay  village  of Santa Lucia , the "  home of giant lanterns , " it 's not unusual to behold a parol behemoth under construction right on the curb no matter what time of year . The legend behind some of the biggest and best parols to come out of Santa Lucia in recent times is Ernesto ` Erning ' David Quiwa , 66 . Quiwa is the great grandson of the first known maker of the famed parol -- Francisco Estanislao . On a recent visit to Quiwa 's workshop , the parol master was busy overseeing the production of two giant lanterns . A worker was scaling the scaffolding to configure the 16-footer 's 5,250 light bulbs . Quiwa learned the craft from his uncles , one of whom in 1957 introduced the first parol rotor . All five of Quiwa 's children have ventured into the parol business . "  I never really taught my children , " Quiwa says . "  They learned on their own . Maybe it 's in the blood . " More : World 's best Christmas store windows A cost prohibitive hobby One giant parol costs around 500,000 to 700,000 Philippine pesos  $ 11,300-15 ,820  to build . The city government subsidizes each barangay that builds one for the competition with 150,000 pesos  $ 3,390  . Some barangays defray the remaining expenses relatively quickly with the help of affluent residents and local businesses . Others need to haggle with lantern makers . Quiwa , for one , obliges barangay leaders he considers kindred -- the caveat being he 's allowed to rent out their entries after the Giant Lantern Festival to offset his loss . Mounting the festival is an expense in itself . The San Fernando government seeks 3 million pesos  $ 67,760  in sponsorships from the private sector . The figure does not include expenses at the grassroots level , let alone the work of volunteers , some of whom lead sizable companies or drive in from Manila , an hour away . To these people , the sight of a completed giant parol is a reward in itself -- although winning first place , or a prize of 120,000 pesos  $ 2,720  , is always welcome . At this year 's Giant Lantern Festival , held on December 14 , Quiwa 's team came in second place . A colorful history In a country with dozens of festivals celebrating this or that native product , San Fernando breaks a mold , says Maria Lourdes Pangilinan-Gonzales , tourism and investment promotion officer with the San Fernando city government . "  Here there was a festival before there was an industry , " she says . "  Nobody else makes Christmas lanterns the way we do . " San Fernando 's lantern-making tradition dates back to the late 18th century , when Spanish colonists in Bacolor -- San Fernando 's mother town and the country 's one-time capital -- encouraged people to hold lantern processions to honor Our Lady of La Naval -- the blessed virgin Mary . These are believed to be the precursors to the Lubenas -- nightly parol parades held in the provinces of Pampanga and Tarlac provinces before Christmas Day . Out of this came the first parol festival in 1930 , around the time electricity dawned on San Fernando . Early on , the festival showcased the ability of the parols ' nascent bulbs to last the night without going out , hence the name Ligligan Parul or "  lantern showdown . " In the late 1950s , parols in San Fernando began transcending the classic five-pointed , stellate design of bamboo and papel de Japon  Japanese rice paper  favored by inmates and students today for their Christmas projects . San Fernando parols , in comparison , now recall psychedelic kaleidoscopes , brilliant stained glass windows , prismatic pinwheels , oversized snowflakes or batik textiles . They are also distinguished by name : parul sampernandu . Parul sampernandus vaulted to cottage-industry status in the 1960s . In 1964 , Quiwa began selling them in gasoline stations , delicacy centers and restaurants around Manila . Mass-produced parul sampernandus , found in homes all over the country to mark the Christmas holiday , currently retail for 800 to 4,000 pesos  $ 20-90  and range from 20 inches to 4 feet in diameter . Arnel Cayanan , 30 , says he earns around 15,000 pesos  $ 340  a night from selling parols by the road in San Fernando . Once , he says , a Swedish client splurged 20,000 pesos  $ 450  on his products . "  Even Muslims here buy parols -- probably secretly , " says Cayanan . These handicrafts remain commercially viable after Christmas , used in events as diverse as Earth Hour and the Santacruzan . Parols are also bestsellers for artisan Quiwa during Holy Week , when San Fernando gives tourists a lesson in extreme Catholic guilt tripping : live crucifixions . Hospitality businesses also fuel demand for lanterns all year . More : 10 most Christmassy places on the planet The plight of Paskuhan Though pretty much every Filipino associates San Fernando with Christmas decorations , not every yuletide venture in the city has fared so well . Case-in-Point : Paskuhan Village , built in 1990 . Envisioned as a life-size tropical Christmas park , Paskuhan hosted the Ligligan Parul for nearly a decade thereafter . The place itself was even designed to look like a parol from the air . Nowadays the 9.3-hectare complex stands a rundown ghost of Christmas past , wanting of visitors . Monthly subsidies by the Tourism Infrastructure and Enterprise Zone Authority  TIEZA  largely sustain operations . Marketing officer Hiyasmin Viray , who has worked in the park since opening , feels the pang of bygone time . "  I love , love the place , " she says through tears . "  Sometimes I feel like I 'm the only one who cares . " There is hope of a revival . Pangilinan-Gonzales reveals that local business leaders may use Paskuhan -- now also referred to as Hilaga Park -- as part of a plan that would see San Fernando host an international lantern festival during the 2015 APEC summit . Decking the global halls with parols It wo n't be the first time the Philippines parol shines on the global stage . In 1993 , an island-shaped float featuring a 10-foot parol by master artisan Quiwa won the Hollywood Christmas Parade . A year before , at the World Expo in Spain , the Philippines vaunted four giant parols , pleasing crowds that included former Philippine president Corazon Aquino . "  She told me : ` If I did n't come to Spain , I would never have seen the lavish parols of Pampanga , ' " says Quiwa . Parul sampernandus have decked the Philippines ' embassies and consulates in , among others , Canada , China , Malaysia , Poland , Russia , Thailand and the United States . They 've also bedizened such Austrian landmarks as the Rathausplatz and Ethnology Museum in Vienna as well as the Stadtturm in Innsbruck . The beacons have also twinkled at the Lord Mayor 's House in Dublin and the Good Shepherd Cathedral in Singapore . For Filipinos at home , the parol 's electromagnetic message of triumph over adversity sparkles brightest . In 1995 , Typhoon Sybil  Mameng  brought mudslides from Mount Pinatubo down on San Fernando . Nevertheless , the Ligligan Parul pushed on that year . Star crossed by typhoons and volcanoes , Filipinos know where to look for a scintilla of hope when the stars go out . More : Homesickness : A holiday primer	San Fernando dubbed "  Christmas Capital of the Philippines " for its Giant Lantern Festival A giant parol -- Christmas lantern -- costs around US$ 11,300-15 ,820 to build Smaller , mass-produced ` parul sampernandus ' can be found hanging outside homes all over the Philippines
In the photographs , retired FBI agent Bob Levinson stares straight at the camera and holds signs , his hands shackled . Reflecting a poor grasp of English , one note reads : "  WHY YOU CAN NOT HELP ME . " Another states : "  4th YEAR ... You Cant or you Dont want ... ? " On Tuesday , Levinson 's family released the images , showing the former agent in an orange jumpsuit with long , unkempt hair . A family spokesman told CNN the photographs were received in April 2011 . Asked why the family is releasing the images now , more than 18 months later , the spokesman said : "  The family is anxious that not enough is being done . There is frustration with the lack of progress on the case . " Wife of missing American pleads for help from Iran 's president "  We hope it will get things moving , " the spokesman said . Levinson was last seen on Iran 's Kish Island in March 2007 . According to his family , Levinson was working as a private investigator looking into cigarette smuggling and disappeared during a business trip there . The family and the U.S. State Department have repeatedly denied he was working for the government and have urged Tehran to find him . "  I feel Iran needs to resolve this now . It 's been six years , " Christine Levinson , the missing man 's wife , told CNN . She said her husband will likely miss another family milestone this year ; their daughter is getting married in February . Family asks Ahmadinejad for help "  He looks healthy , but I 'm concerned about his health . I understand that he 's being seen by a doctor three times a week and , if true , that 's not good , " she said , describing the photographs as disturbing . Levinson suffers from diabetes and appears to have lost 50 to 60 pounds since his capture . U.S. officials believe Levinson , now 64 , is being held hostage somewhere in southwest Asia . While it 's unclear who is holding him , a source with knowledge of the case said based on the evidence , there is every reason to believe that Levinson is alive and well . In 2010 , Levinson 's captors sent a "  proof of life " videotape and photographs of him to his family . Those images were released to the public in 2011 . The FBI has offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to Levinson 's safe return . Federal authorities still hunting for Levinson	Bob Levinson was last seen on Iran 's Kish Island in March 2007 during business trip , family says The photographs show him shackled , wearing a jumpsuit and holding signs "  I feel Iran needs to resolve this now . It 's been six years , " his wife tells CNN
Washington  CNN  -- Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is predicting "  sharp disagreement " as the Supreme Court prepares by month 's end to release some of its most-talked-about rulings , including the constitutionality of the health care law championed by President Obama . Speaking to a legal conference Friday night in Washington , the oldest member of the high court offered tantalizing hints about where the court may be heading in coming days . "  The term has been more than usually taxing , some have called it the term of the century , " she said in remarks at the American Constitution Society 's annual review of the court . The ACS is a left-leaning legal advocacy and scholarship group . The court in the next two weeks will rule separately on health care , Arizona 's controversial immigration crackdown law , television broadcast indecency enforcement , and a federal law making it a crime to lie about earning high military honors . Ginsburg called the court 's frantic race to finish their remaining 15 or so rulings "  flood season . " "  As one may expect , many of the most controversial cases remain pending , " she noted . "  So it is likely that the sharp disagreement rate will go up next week and the week after . " Ginsburg , among the left-leaning justices , spent several minutes talking about the health care issues , but offered no hints whatsoever on the internal deliberations , or how the court might be leaning . But she said her benchmates were fully aware of the public scrutiny the case has attracted . Ginsburg offers ` greatest hits ' summary of past term "  No contest since the court invited new briefs and arguments in ` Citizens United '  a 2009-10 campaign finance spending case  has attracted more attention -- in the press , the academy , " she said . "  Some have described the controversy as unprecedented and they may be right if they mean the number of press conferences , prayer circles , protests , counter protests , going on outside the court while oral argument was under way inside . " She then explained -- with a dollop of humor -- the four issues the court was considering , including the main focus : the constitutionality of the individual mandate , which would require nearly all Americans to buy health insurance starting in 2014 or face a financial penalty . "  If the individual mandate , requiring the purchase of insurance or the payment of a penalty , if that is unconstitutional , must the entire act fall ? " she said , then outlining another key question . "  Or , may the mandate be chopped , like a head of broccoli , from the rest of the act ? " That brought laughter to the knowing crowd , since many critics warn giving Congress the power to force the mandate on people would be a "  slippery slope " -- and that lawmakers could then force people to buy broccoli in the name of ensuring a healthy populace . She then made light of the initial question argued by the justices back in March . Supreme cuisine : New cookbook honors late husband of Justice Ginsburg "  The big question inviting the answer everyone is waiting for : Do federal courts lack jurisdiction to entertain a pre-enforcement challenge to the individual mandate in light of the anti-injunction act of 1867 , " she said . "  That act prohibits any person from suing the federal government to restrain the assessment or collection of any tax . " While legally dense , the "  anti-injunction " question was considered the least important issue taken up by the court , and one most legal analysts were sure the bench will ignore , allowing the justices to go ahead and tackle the larger , more vital constitutional questions . The final issue being debated internally is whether the Affordable Care Act 's expansion of Medicaid exceeds Congress ' power . Some of those watching Ginsburg 's speech noted her remarks regarding the power of dissents issued by the high court , and whether she was signaling how Congress might follow up to however the health care cases are decided . "  I have spoken on more than one occasion about the utility of dissenting opinions , noting in particular that they can reach audiences outside the court and can propel legislative or executive change , " she said . In this context , the 79-year-old justice was speaking about her much-discussed 2007 dissent in a pay discrimination claim that resulted in an Alabama woman being denied the ability to seek back wages , after alleging her fellow male supervisors were being paid more than her for years , for the same work . Congress changed the rules following that high court ruling , and President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act in 2009 , one of his first acts in office . The Supreme Court will next issue opinions Monday morning , but many court watchers believe the justices will wait until the week of June 25 to bring out the health care opinions , just before they recess for the summer . Ginsburg repeated what many at the court have long known when trying to speculate what the court will do , and when . "  At the Supreme Court , those who know do n't talk , " she said , smiling . "  And those who talk do n't know . " Health care reform : Issues round-up CNN 's Oliver Janney and Leslie Bentz contributed to this report	"  The term has been more than usually taxing , " Ginsburg says The court is expected to rule in coming weeks on high-profile cases , including health care She offers no hints on internal deliberations
London , England  CNN  -- Pop singer George Michael was jailed Tuesday to serve an eight-week sentence after pleading guilty to a charge that he drove while under the influence of drugs . The charge would normally carry a 12-week sentence , but District Judge John Perkins said he gave Michael credit for his guilty plea and his remorse . He said Michael must serve at least half the sentence . The case relates to an incident in the early hours of July 4 , when Michael crashed his car into the front of a north London shop , damaging the facade . No one was hurt in the accident . Prosecutor Jonathan Efemini told the court Tuesday that when police got to the car , they found Michael wide-eyed and appearing "  spaced out . " He was also carrying two marijuana joints , Efemini said . Michael told police he had left home at 1:30 a.m. to see a friend but could n't remember the route . He said he had taken a sleeping pill that had been prescribed eight days earlier and admitted smoking cannabis earlier in the night , Efemini said . About a dozen fans lined up to get a seat in court , but only five were allowed into the public gallery . Shelley Williams , 41 , who was the first fan in , said , "  I just wanted him to know that his fans out there support him . " Another London fan , Anne Fallon , 41 , said , "  It 's really sad . I hope he can get the help he needs . " Michael , whose real name is Georgios Panayiotou , was sentenced for the formal charge of driving while unfit through drugs . His sentence includes a fine 1,250 pounds , or $ 1,925 , and a five-year driving ban . He already reimbursed the shop owner in person for the damage , Efemini said . Despite showing leniency , the judge mentioned Michael 's two previous drug arrests , saying , "  It does not appear you took proper steps to deal with what is clearly an addiction to cannabis . " Michael was found guilty in 2007 of unfit driving through tiredness and prescription medication and received a two-year driving ban . He also received a caution for cannabis in 2006 and a caution for cannabis and crack cocaine in 2008 , Efemini said . He was arrested again the following year near Hampstead Heath park in north London and cautioned for possession of a controlled substance . Michael 's defense attorney said his client had "  profound shame and horror " at having committed another offense . "  He acknowledges and recognizes that his actions ... had the effect of causing other road users to be in danger , " Mukul Chawla told the court , "  and that stark fact caused him to be greatly ashamed . " Chawla said Michael even admitted that shame to officers when he was arrested , telling the police , "  It 's so ridiculously dangerous . " Michael has used prescribed medicine for many years , Chawla said , and earlier this year decided to stop taking them completely . Though it went well initially , Chawla said Michael eventually started having anxiety and insomnia , and reluctantly asked a doctor for sleeping pills to manage it . The defense highlighted Michael 's extensive charity work , much of which he keeps private . Chawla called the singer a "  kind , considerate , loyal man , constantly concerned with the plight of others . " Chawla also revealed that Michael , a former member of the '80s group Wham ! , has begun writing songs again for the first time in many years . "  His creativity , so long hidden by the -LSB- drugs -RSB- , is reemerging , " Chawla said . Melissa Gray	Pop star begins serving eight-week sentence for driving under the influence He crashed his car into a London shop in July He was also banned from driving for five years
CNN  -- The Cameroon Football Federation has appointed veteran Spaniard Javier Clemente as the coach of the African country 's national team . The 60-year-old , who has previous international experience with Spain and Serbia , returns to management after a short stint at relegated La Liga club Real Valladolid at the end of last season . He replaces Frenchman Paul Le Guen , who stepped down from the role after Cameroon lost all three matches at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . Clemente becomes Cameroon 's fourth coach since May 2009 , with German Otto Pfister and Thomas Nkono having also been charge in that time , and will sign a two-year contract . "  Javier Clemente is the new coach of Cameroon . The signing of the contract will take place in Yaounde on August 28 , " read a statement on the Cameroon federation 's official website on Tuesday . "  In his role , he will also be assisted by Francois Omam-Biyik . The former Indomitable Lion will serve as assistant coach . "  Jacques Songo'o , who served alongside Paul Le Guen as assistant coach in charge of goalkeepers during the World Cup , keeps his post . " Clemente , whose playing career was cut short by injury in 1971 , started coaching four years later and has been in charge of clubs such as Athletic Bilbao  three times  , Espanyol  twice  , Marseille , Real Sociedad and Real Betis . He coached Spain between 1992-98 , going to two World Cups and Euro 96 , but lasted less than two years with Serbia . His first task will be to help the Indomitable Lions to qualify for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea . Four-times champions Cameroon 's first game is next month away to Mauritius , with Senegal and Congo Democratic Republic also in Group E.	Former Spain coach Javier Clemente will take charge of Cameroon 's national team The 60-year-old will replace Paul Le Guen when he signs a two-year contract next week Cameroon lost all three matches at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa Clemente returns to management after short stint at relegated Real Valladolid
CNN  -- Since the U.S. Copyright Office declared last month that it 's legal to jailbreak your iPhone , lots of iPhone users have been doing just that -- nearly 9 percent of them as of late July . But jailbreaking your iPhone -- tweaking it to run applications not approved by Apple -- is serious business . That 's not just because jailbreaking can void your Apple warranty , but because it can put you at risk of data theft , malware or other significant problems . In November , TUAW reported that a Dutch hacker proved this point by using port scanning -- using software to probe a network host for open ports -- to find jailbroken phones . From there , he sent unsuspecting users a message that read , ` Your iPhone 's been hacked because it 's really insecure ! Right now , I can access all your files . ' " He then directed his victims to PayPal and requested $ 5  about $ 10  in exchange for instructions to remove his hack . At least he let his victims know they 'd been hacked . Your iPhone wo n't notify you about that on its own . If you jailbreak your iPhone , one crucial way to protect yourself is to change the phone 's default passwords . But be forewarned : It 's not a simple process . In the latest episode of the Boulder Open Podcast , hosts Dave Taylor and Michael Sitarzewski discussed this concern . Recently both of them jailbroke their iPhone 4s . "  I 've got ta say , this was not a compelling experience . It was complicated as heck to figure out how to jailbreak the phone and then change the default passwords , " said Taylor , a longtime tech expert . "  Once you jailbreak your phone , it 's accessible via laptops . Someone can log into your phone and monkey with it . The process for changing the passwords is really quite a production . Like a lot of the open-source technology I 've used in past 30 years , this is not something you want to get involved with unless you 're willing to spend the time to learn how to do this safely . " A "  root password " is a fundamental part of the geeky Unix back-end of the iPhone 's slick operating system . It 's something that non-jailbroken users never have to worry about because Apple 's walled-garden iPhone experience prevents this particular kind of incursion . Sitarzewski explained , "  Every Unix system on the planet has a root account , and the default password for that account is the same on every iPhone on the planet  ` alpine '  . "  When you jailbreak your phone , sometimes one of the requirements for an app is secure shell  SSH  . That 's the only way you 're opening yourself up to this particular vulnerability . So you do n't absolutely have to change your root password if you do n't install SSH protocols -- but it 's a good idea anyway . " Taylor added : "  Not only is the default root password the same on every iPhone , but the default mobile user account password also is the same on every iPhone  ` dottie '  . So you should change them both . " If you venture beyond Apple 's iPhone garden walls , you can follow these instructions to change your default passwords from the Just Another iPhone Blog . Alternatively , TiPb offers instructions on using the JailbreakMe mobile site to simplify the jailbreaking process . They note that as of early August , some jailbroken iPhone users running iOS4 reported problems with the terminal  a command-line interface that lets you access system-level functions  , and pointed to a TiPb discussion forum for instructions on fixing that problem .	If you jailbreak your iPhone , it is more susceptible to hackers Changing the default password on your iPhone is complicated , but worth the security The default root and default mobile user account passwords are the same on every phone
