London  CNN  -- The publisher of Rupert Murdoch 's now defunct News of the World tabloid paid out hundreds of thousands of pounds Wednesday to settle lawsuits over phone hacking from celebrities and politicians , including a former Tony Blair spokesman . The publisher apologized for intercepting phone messages of Alastair Campbell , the Blair aide , and agreed to pay costs and damages , Campbell said in a statement . He did not say how much the settlement was worth . With Wednesday 's settlements , News Group Newspapers has settled 59 of the 60 lawsuits against it . But former child singing star Charlotte Church , who has testified publicly about the damage phone hacking did to her personal life , has refused to settle . Her case is expected to go to court as soon as this month . The phone-hacking scandal prompted Murdoch 's son , News Corp. executive James Murdoch , to shut down News of the World in July . The best-selling British newspaper was 168 years old . Wednesday 's agreement may not end Campbell 's legal action against Murdoch 's newspaper group , lawyer Gerald Shamash said . The publisher said it would continue searching for documents related to the hacking of Campbell 's voice mail and disclose what it found to him . News Group Newspapers "  has agreed that Mr. Campbell may be entitled " to further legal action , Shamash said . Comic actor Steve Coogan , who also settled Wednesday , echoed the words of many who have sued over phone hacking . "  This has never been about money , " he said outside the court . "  Like other people who have sued , I was determined to do my part to show the depths to which the press can sink in pursuit of private information . " British Prime Minister David Cameron set up an independent inquiry into press ethics and practices in response to the scandal , and police are carrying out three separate investigations into elements of it : phone hacking , e-mail hacking , and police bribery . Two parliamentary committees are also investigating the scandal . The publisher of the shuttered tabloid is paying # 40,000  $ 63,000  and legal costs to Coogan , # 45,000  $ 71,000  plus costs to Liberal Democrat politician Simon Hughes , and # 75,000  $ 119,000  plus costs to sports agent Sky Andrew , lawyers and judges announced Wednesday . Retired soccer star Paul Gascoigne was paid # 68,000 plus costs . The Murdoch group admitted both hacking his phone messages and having him followed by a private investigator , Derek Webb . Former lawmaker George Galloway got # 25,000  $ 40,000  plus costs as the publisher admitted hacking his phone messages after the start of the second Gulf war . A number of other high-profile figures , including actors Jude Law and Sienna Miller , and former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott , have already received settlements from Murdoch 's publishing group . Its parent company , News International , said at the time that the company "  made no admission as part of these settlements that directors or senior employees knew about the wrongdoing by NGN or sought to conceal it . However , for the purpose of reaching these settlements only , NGN agreed that the damages to be paid to claimants should be assessed as if this was the case . " Both James and Rupert Murdoch , as well as senior executives at News International , have testified before British lawmakers examining allegations of wrongdoing . There have been 13 arrests in connection with Operation Elveden , the Metropolitan Police investigation into bribery of police officers by journalists . There have been 17 arrests in relation to Operation Weeting , the phone-hacking inquiry . Three people have been arrested in connection with both investigations . No one has been charged .	NEW : Murdoch 's News Group Newspapers has now settled 59 of 60 cases Celebrities and politicians sued News of the World 's publisher over phone hacking News of the World was shut down over the hacking scandal Police , lawmakers and an independent inquiry are all probing the scandal
London  CNN  A fake cyberattack was staged against a landmark telecommunications building , but it was no mere academic exercise for self-taught "  ethical hackers " fighting cyberterrorism . The do-good hackers were indeed engaged in a serious race against the clock to solve the simulated hack , but the real prize was a chance to be identified as as undiscovered genius and potential hero some day in defending queen and country against a future , real cyberattack . There were also potential job offers on the line . That was the goal of Cyber Security Challenge UK on Saturday , one of a series of inspirational competitions designed to find the next digital genius to defend Britain against devastating cyberattacks whose crimes cost the global economy an estimated $ 400 billion annually , according to a recent report . On Wednesday , the UK government also warned that a third of the country 's small - and medium-sized companies are vulnerable to losing valuable data and customers to hacking . Those firms mistakenly believe in cybersecurity "  myths " that hacking is n't likely to happen to them , the government 's Cyber Streetwise campaign said . In all , 24 contestants who were largely self-taught hackers raced against a clock in an exercise to restore power to London 's BT Tower , which had been shut down and taken over by cyberterrorists . Last weekend 's simulated attack was sponsored by the National Crime Agency , defense contractor Raytheon and UK telecommunications giant BT . The drill offered a theatrical edge to the "  ethical hackers , " whose job is to hack a network to evaluate security rather than do criminal damage . The simulation featured a video message from the bad guys , who called themselves "  Flag Day Associates , " also posted on YouTube . The competitors , ages 20 to 50 , attempted to restore power to the BT Tower , a communications hub whose Cold War architecture has been described as "  alienating " and "  foreboding , " according to the tour guide website Londonist . The tower , however , offers spectacular views of London , especially from an upper floor suite that rotates at the top , where the contest was held . The skyscraper was designed to withstand a nuclear blast with a war room in the basement . The participants worked in teams of four and sought to win the challenge so that they could advance to a master class , to take place in March and include a total of 42 winners from other competitions . The good-guy hackers had to decide which programs and techniques to use to discover a new password and trace the cyberterrorists ' path , so that the code breakers could reverse the attack . During the competition , participants worked feverishly , and hamburgers remained half-eaten as fingertips tapped away at keyboards . The contestants worked without break for an hour . The teams were identified by colors , and in the end , it was Team Orange that won the challenge , earning its place in the master class final in London on March 12 , joining other nationwide winners from prior rounds of similar contests . To illustrate that electricity was restored and the challenge over , the tower dramatically rotated 360 degrees , a rare spin for the crown of the building . Paul Crichard , Raytheon cybersecurity manager , said his research team has found recruits from what seem may the most unlikely walks of life : One was a ballroom dancer teacher and another was a welder . He hoped to find more hidden talent from the contest . "  Well this shows how good they are , and it means it is easy for us to come and say actually this person is really talented . They just need a helping hand to get into cybersecurity , " he added . "  These are some of the best talents we have that are n't in the cybersecurity business today . These are ones who are really spending their own time to be skilled , to understand what is going on in the IT world and where the risks are , and those are the people we ca n't find through normal recruitment because perhaps they do n't think they are good enough , " Crichard said . Experts from National Crime Agency , BT , Raytheon and Airbus Group evaluated the performance of the code breakers . "  We give people the skills to be able to remain on the right side of the law , " said Robert Partridge , head of BT Security Academy . "  Of course , it is always down to the individual what path they take , but we will give them the utmost encouragement to choose the right side of the law . " The challenge began in 2010 as a government initiative to tackle the growing level of cybercrime in the United Kingdom . The issue has become urgent because UK schools had overlooked computer science . As growing cyberthreats worry government and business , a huge skill shortage has emerged . Though computer science is now making a comeback to UK classrooms , there remains a generational gap , organizers said . Cybercrime stands as one of the UK 's biggest threats , and the competition is a crucial initiative in finding raw talent for the UK government and the country 's corporations . Many contestants are so raw that they never took formal training , said Stephanie Daman , CEO of UK Cyber Security Challenge . "  Some of them are at university , but you 'll find an awful lot of these people have learned these skills by going to Google and taught themselves , " Daman said . "  We hope to persuade them to formalize those skills and move into jobs . " About 19,000 people in the UK registered to participate in the challenge . But only 3,000 of them are selected for the annual event , and from that pool , about 100 are selected to take part in one of four cyberattack simulations , such as the mock attack on the BT Tower on Saturday . Even if a contestant does n't win or make it to the final round , 80 to 100 code breakers are hired every year by companies that use the competition as a recruiting ground , organizers said . For their efforts and as a possible item on their resumes , every contestant receives a certificate of having participated in the "  face-to-face " competition against the fictional cyberterrorists . CNN 's Kellie Morgan contributed from London . Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles .	19,000 "  ethical hackers " register to compete in Cyber Security Challenge UK 3,000 of them will be selected to compete in simulated cyberattacks Only 42 of them will win and be chosen for a master class
CNN  -- U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan said Saturday that he plans to recruit more African-American and Latino teachers in a bid to narrow achievement gaps among students . African-American males make up less than 2 percent of teachers nationwide , Duncan told CNN , while African-American and Latino males -- combined -- represent roughly 3.5 percent of all U.S. teachers . "  That 's not a number we can be proud of , " Duncan said . "  Because so many of our young men grow up in single parent families , they grow up without a strong male presence in their household . They need to be surrounded by mentors and role models who can help them envision a positive future for themselves , " he added . Earlier this month , he told CNN 's "  John King , USA " that the dropout rate in African-American and Latino communities in many areas is as high as 50 percent . "  This is economically unsustainable and morally unacceptable , " he said then . "  If we want to close achievement gaps , if we want to make sure that many more African-American and Latino male students are graduating rather than dropping out ... having those teachers , having those role models , having those coaches is going to make a huge difference in their lives , " Duncan said . He added he is planning a campaign in the fall to recruit the next generation of teachers . "  We have to get dramatically better and we 're committed to doing that , " he said . Separately on Saturday , he told activists at a rally to mark the 47th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech that education is "  the civil rights issue of our generation . " He urged people to stop being complacent and "  step up " to demand excellence in schools . CNN 's Graham Flanagan contributed to this report .	Arne Duncan says students would benefit from strong role models in the classroom He says getting more minority teachers into the mix is key to closing achievement gaps African-American and Latino male teachers make up about 3.5 percent of teachers nationwide
CNN  -- In this space , Michele Flournoy , former undersecretary of defense under President Barack Obama , and some of her colleagues attacked a recent Mitt Romney opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal . In their piece , entitled "  Romney 's empty foreign policy agenda , " they hurl all sorts of tired accusations at the Republican nominee . They even recycle a trope used by Democrats against Ronald Reagan and other successful Republican presidents , that Romney employs "  cowboy rhetoric . " Yet even as they condemn the Republican nominee for wrapping himself in "  platitudes and falsehoods , " they offer a remarkable demonstration of some of the serious problems afflicting Obama 's stewardship of America 's role in the world . Let us scrutinize some of their points . Opinion : Romney 's empty foreign policy agenda On Iran , they assert that there are "  zero actual policy differences " between Obama and Romney , citing the president 's policy of sanctions . But what they neglect to say is that Obama resisted imposing the kind of new , crippling sanctions that are necessary to stop Iranian nuclear efforts for much of his presidency . Today , Iran is closer to a nuclear weapon than ever before . What they also conveniently forget is that Obama , saying he did not want to "  be seen as meddling , " at first issued no more than cursory objections during the Iranian spring of 2009 , when dissidents took to the streets of Tehran and other cities to protest a stolen election . A President Romney would never abandon our basic principles of supporting freedom and democracy in this way . Flournoy and company point proudly to the fact that Osama bin Laden is dead "  on the president 's watch . " They are right to be proud of this , as are all Americans . But when they say that "  more al Qaeda senior leaders have been taken off the battlefield than at any time since 9/11 , " they run the danger of hubris . And hubris has been one of the defining characteristics of the president 's foreign policy . Alas , we saw a tragic demonstration of the consequences of hubris just this past September 11 , when four Americans -- including our ambassador -- were murdered in a terrorist attack on our consulate in Benghazi , Libya . Perhaps believing its own rhetoric about the decimation of al Qaeda , the Obama administration let down its guard about the significant striking power of al Qaeda 's remnants , affiliated and otherwise . Certainly , the inadequate protection given to our diplomatic personnel on September 11 -- the anniversary of the terrible attack -- is a spectacular piece of evidence that their judgment was skewed . Even worse , after the attack on Benghazi , the Obama administration appeared to be so desperate to believe that al Qaeda was not responsible that it pinned the entire episode on the spontaneous rage of a crowd provoked by an obscure video on the Internet . It clung to this version past the point of decency . But it was false . American intelligence agencies have made it clear that our citizens were killed in a terrorist attack launched by an al Qaeda affiliate . Flournoy 's assertion that Obama "  has effectively managed the tumult of the Arab Spring " would be laughable if the consequences of his lack of effective management were not so tragic . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Williamson .	Richard Williamson : Despite criticism of Romney on foreign policy , Obama 's record flawed He says Obama took too long to push crippling sanctions for Iran ; Romney would have sooner Writers cited bin Laden 's death on Obama 's watch , but that 's hubris , Williamson says He says administration let guard down on al Qaeda ; Libya killings are tragic consequence
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's former president says he will not leave his country unless his political , tribal , and military foes leave as well , a senior aide to the ex-president told CNN Thursday . Former President Ali Abdullah Saleh said the condition was agreed to in a secret deal struck last May at the residence of Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi , who was recently elected as the new president of Yemen , said the aide , who asked not to be named . Saleh named Gen. Ali Mohsen , military commander of the country 's northern and eastern regions , as the first on the list of officials who must leave the country . Others include four brothers from the prominent Ahmar family who were involved in a fierce war against Saleh 's forces last May before the president was seriously wounded and burned in an assassination attempt at the presidential palace amid battles between government forces and tribal fighters . Saleh 's demands that his enemies depart Yemen come as tens of thousands of youth activists protested this week , demanding that Saleh be prosecuted . The unrest in Yemen began in 2011 as the population got caught up in the Arab Spring uprisings that swept North Africa and the Middle East . Protesters called for an end to Saleh 's 33-year rule . Abdu Ganadi , the spokesman for Saleh 's ruling General People Congress party  GPC  , said that Saleh 's stance does not represent the official position of the party , but is a condition that Saleh has put on the table in exchange for him leaving the country . "  With the attendance of the U.S. ambassador in Yemen , the opposition officials promised to leave the country if Saleh left , " Ganadi told CNN . Saleh said Yemen can not restore stability and security as long as the elements of the one-year political impasse stay in the country . A deal for Saleh to leave power , brokered by the Gulf Cooperation Council in Saudi Arabia in November , did not include such a stipulation . After several weeks of maneuvering , Saleh finally signed the GCC power transfer agreement in exchange for immunity from prosecution . Saleh is currently the president of the GPC party and since stepping down from power has provoked the anger of the country 's opposition with continuous involvement in the political scene . "  The opposition will not be involved in any national dialogue if Saleh is atop of the GPC . The country revolted against him so it is impossible to involve him in any dialogue , " said Mohammed Qahtan , former spokesman for the opposition Joint Meeting Parties . "  He stands behind the killing of innocent Yemenis and the revolution is incomplete if he remains in the political picture , " Qahtan said . Saleh 's relatives still hold key military and governmental posts with more than 180,000 troops under their command . Asked about the report of a secret deal , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said on Thursday she "  ca n't speak to " Saleh 's "  political future in Yemen . " As long as Saleh respects "  the process that the Yemeni people have endorsed and that is ongoing , we do n't have a view one way or the other about whether he stays in the country , " she said . "  We want to see him play a constructive role in supporting the democratization process in Yemen , " Nuland said . Yemen is the poorest country in the Middle East , with a severe shortage of water and rising levels of malnutrition among its population of about 25 million . Before he left office , Saleh faced a separatist movement in the south , sectarian tensions in its north and the growing presence of what Western officials describe as al Qaeda 's most dangerous affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .	Saleh agreed to transfer power in November Yemen joined the wave of popular uprisings known as the Arab Spring The former president says his enemies must leave the country as well
CNN  -- Senate Democrats claimed a major victory this weekend after voting to end debate on their version of the health care bill . The Senate is on track to hold a final vote on Christmas eve , but there 's still a long way to go before a bill is on President Obama 's desk . Here are answers to some frequently asked questions about what 's in the House and Senate health care bills and what 's next . Where does the health care debate stand ? The House passed its version of health care reform last month . The Senate , which follows different procedures than the House , is slated to vote on its version of the health care bill before Christmas . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid needs a simple majority of 51 votes for final passage . Assuming the bill makes it through the Senate , a conference committee will then need to iron out the differences between the House and Senate versions and merge them into one bill . Both chambers will then need to pass the revised bill before it is sent to the president 's desk . Read Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's take on the health care bill Why does Obama want health care reform ? The president made health care reform his top domestic priority . He says overhauling the health care system is key to getting the economy back on track . The president says he wants to reform health care in order to slow the growth of costs for families , businesses and the government . He also wants to ensure that all Americans have access to affordable health care , regardless of their income or medical history . Who will be covered and how much will it cost ? The House plan is projected to guarantee coverage for 96 percent of Americans at a cost of more than $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . The Senate plan is projected to cover 94 percent of Americans with an $ 871 billion price over the next 10 years , according to the CBO . How will this be paid for ? The House plan imposes a 5.4 percent income tax surcharge on individuals with annual incomes over $ 500,000 , as well as families earning more than $ 1 million . The Senate plan increases the Medicare payroll tax on individuals earning more than $ 200,000 and couples earning more than $ 250,000 from the current 1.45 percent to 2.35 percent . The Senate bill also imposes a new tax on insurers that provide so-called "  Cadillac " health plans valued at more than $ 8,500 for individuals and $ 23,000 for families . The 40 percent tax would be on the value of the plan . In addition , it imposes a 10 percent tax on indoor tanning salon treatments . Both bills call for cutting hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicare and Medicaid . Republicans say that those cuts will impair Medicare coverage , but Democrats say the savings will come from eliminating waste and fraud . The House and Senate bills also call for fees on medical device manufacturers . Do I have to buy health insurance ? The House and Senate bills both require individuals to buy health insurance . The House bill imposes a fine of up to 2.5 percent of a person 's income for noncompliance . The Senate plan imposes a noncompliance fine that starts at $ 95 in 2010 and escalates to $ 750 in 2016 . It also requires parents to provide health coverage for children up to age 18 . What if I ca n't afford coverage ? The House and Senate plans both include a hardship exemption for poorer Americans . Both bills subsidize insurance for a family of four making up to roughly $ 88,000 annually , or 400 percent of the federal poverty level . With subsidies , premiums for a family of four at 133 percent of poverty  $ 29,326.50  would be a maximum of $ 440 under the House plan , while premiums for a family of four making the highest amount eligible would be a maximum of $ 10,584 . Under the Senate plan , with subsidies , premiums for a family of four at 133 percent of poverty would be a maximum of $ 821.14 , while premiums for a family making the highest amount eligible would be a maximum of $ 8,643.60 . I own a business . Do I have to provide coverage for my employees ? The House plan requires companies with a payroll of more than $ 500,000 to provide insurance or pay a penalty of up to 8 percent of their payroll . Under the Senate plan , starting in 2013 , companies with more than 50 employees would be required to pay a fee per worker if its employees rely on government subsidies to purchase coverage . What if I have a pre-existing condition ? Both the House plan and the Senate bill would eventually limit total out-of-pocket expenses and prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Both plans also bar insurers from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history . Insurers can only vary rates based on three things : age , geography and family make-up/size . What is a health insurance exchange ? "  Health insurance exchange " refers to the marketplace of the health insurance options . Obama has defined the exchange as a "  one-stop shopping marketplace where you can compare the benefits , cost and track records of a variety of plans -- including a public option to increase competition and keep insurance companies honest -- and choose what 's best for your family . " The House bill creates a national health insurance exchange designed to make it easier for small businesses , self-employed and the unemployed to pool resources and purchase less expensive coverage . The Senate bill creates state health insurance exchanges in all 50 states . What is a health care co-op ? Nonprofit health cooperatives , or "  co-ops , " are being proposed as an option to compete with the private sector and as an alternative to a government-sponsored public health insurance option . Co-ops are owned and governed by the same people they insure . The House and Senate plans both establish "  co-ops " and strip insurance companies of an antitrust exemption that has been in place since the end of World War II . What happened to the public option ? The House bill creates a public option , which is a government-funded , government-run health care option , similar to Medicare . The public option would be a part of an insurance exchange available to people without coverage or unable to afford private coverage . The Senate bill does not create a public option . Instead , it allows nonprofit private insurers to offer coverage with approval of Office of Personnel Management , which oversees the federal employees ' health plan . What will happen to Medicaid ? The House and Senate bills would both significantly expand Medicaid , the government-run health care plan for the poor . The House plan extends coverage to individuals earning up to 150 percent of the poverty line , or roughly $ 33,000 for a family of four . The Senate plan extends coverage to those earning up to 133 percent of the poverty level , or just over $ 29,000 for a family of four . Will abortion treatments be funded with federal dollars ? The House bill prohibits any health plan receiving federal subsidies from offering coverage for abortion . The Senate plan allows states to choose whether to ban abortion coverage in health plans offered in the insurance exchanges . Individuals purchasing plans through the exchanges would have to pay for abortion coverage out of their own funds . Will illegal immigrants be covered ? The House bill mandates insurance coverage for illegal immigrants and allows illegal immigrants to enroll in the public option and to buy private coverage in the national insurance exchange , but prohibits government subsidies for such private coverage . The Senate plan exempts illegal immigrants from the health coverage mandate , and prohibits illegal immigrants from participating in the insurance exchanges . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Kristi Keck and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Senate and House bills will need to be merged House plan would create public option ; Senate plan would not Both bills mandate coverage ; both include hardship exemption Bills would prevent insurers from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- More than 200 people in South Sudan have been killed in a three-day spree of cattle-rustling attacks that ended Sunday , a state governor said Monday . Kuol Manyang , governor of Jonglei state , said members of the Murle tribe attacked several groups of ethnic Lou Nuer who were in temporary camps where they had brought their herds for grazing . "  The attack has taken place over a wide area in the marshes , the wetlands , " Manyang said , adding that security forces were unable to deploy to the remote region of Nasir County in the state of Upper Nile , as it is inaccessible by road . Manyang , who is a member of the Dinka tribe , said the Murle crossed from Pibor County , in Jonglei , into neighboring Ethiopia , then traveled north before re-entering South Sudan to carry out the attacks . "  They took the cows and crossed back into Ethiopia , " he said . "  They are crossing now into South Sudanese territory . " The U.N. peacekeeping mission said it is investigating the attacks , but could not confirm Manyang 's report of 200 dead and more injured . "  The U.N. peacekeeping mission in South Sudan confirmed reports of attacks on 9 March on a number of Lou Nuer camps on the border areas of South Sudan and Ethiopia , " said Kouider Zerrouk , a spokesman for the mission . The United Nations said more than 1,000 people were killed last year in Jonglei state , mostly in clashes between the Murle and Lou Nuer . In late December , an estimated 6,000 Lou Nuer marched into Pibor County and killed hundreds of Murle in a series of attacks that lasted into January , according to the United Nations .	Members of the Murle tribe attacked groups of Lou Nuer , the governor of Jonglei state says The U.N. peacekeeping mission says it had reports of attacks , but ca n't confirm how many died In December , Lou Nuer killed hundreds of Murle in a series of attacks
Windsor , England  CNN  -- Four portraits of Queen Elizabeth II by pop artist Andy Warhol have gone on display at her home , Windsor Castle , for the first time as part of an exhibition of official images of the monarch marking the end of her Diamond Jubilee year . Warhol 's series of sparkling "  diamond-dusted " portraits of the Queen was acquired earlier this year to mark the Diamond Jubilee . Royal Librarian Jane Roberts told CNN they were the "  most iconic " images in the exhibition , "  The Queen : Portraits of a Monarch , " which features pictures , paintings and sculptures by some of the world 's best-known artists and photographers . Warhol , who once claimed he wanted to be "  as famous as the Queen of England , " used a 10-year-old official portrait of Elizabeth II , by royal photographer Peter Grugeon , to create the four screenprints for his "  Reigning Queens " series in 1985 . "  What Warhol did was he grabbed a pre-existing image of the Queen and wiped it clean , so what you 're left with is the outline , with the tiara , " Roberts told CNN . "  Then he played around with colors , and lighting , and ` diamond dust ' -LSB- cut glass -RSB- , really treating the likeness as an icon . " Capturing a Queen : Images of Elizabeth II Queen Elizabeth 's global significance -- as head of the Commonwealth -- is hinted at by the number of works by international photographers and artists in the exhibition : American Annie Leibovitz , Canadian Yousuf Karsh , Italian Pietro Annigoni and Czech Franta Belsky , among others . So which , of the millions of pictures of the monarch , will be the one which is remembered long after her reign , the defining image of Queen Elizabeth II , who Roberts says is "  probably the most photographed person in the world " ? With so many to choose from , she says it is hard to be sure . "  I suspect in this age of photography , that it will be a photograph , " said Roberts . "  Probably one of the incredibly glamorous photographs taken by Cecil Beaton . "  But having said that , it could be one of the photographs taken very early in her reign , between the accession and the coronation , by Dorothy Wilding , because they were then reproduced on coinage and stamps , again and again . " "  Or it could be the Warhol . Who knows ? " "  The Queen : Portraits of a Monarch " is on at Windsor Castle until June 9 , 2013 .	Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her Diamond Jubilee in 2012 Monarch 's 60th anniversary on throne marked with a series of exhibitions Jubilee year rounded off with show of official portraits at Windsor Castle Works by Andy Warhol , Cecil Beaton , Lucian Freud and Annie Leibovitz featured
London , England  CNN  -- Greenpeace protesters briefly shut down BP stations across London on Tuesday , after the oil company announced its second-quarter results , BP and Greenpeace said . Greenpeace said it had shut down 46 stations , but BP said the number was 40 . The protesters dropped off a letter at each station in the morning and , on their way out , pulled a safety switch that cut off power to the station , BP and Greenpeace said . They also covered BP signs with posters reading , "  Closed : Moving beyond petroleum , " a take on BP 's slogan . Most of the stations were operating again by the afternoon and the rest were expected to reopen by the evening , BP said . One of the stations supplied ambulances , BP said . The affected stations were a mix of company-owned and dealer-owned , BP said . Greenpeace said it simply targeted stations that sell BP gas . Asked about targeting stations that may be owned by individuals or businesses other than BP , Greenpeace spokeswoman Beth Herzfeld said they "  do n't want to make anybody suffer . " "  We 're sorry for any problems that are caused , but the petrol that are sold in these businesses are BP , " she told CNN . "  BP is determined to chase the last drops of oil , whatever the cost to the natural environment and people 's health . " Herzfeld said Greenpeace was aware that one of the targeted stations supplies ambulances , but she said the group was directing emergency vehicles to other non-BP stations nearby . "  We 're very careful and very keen to make sure that nobody 's safety is compromised , " she said . The protests came after BP unveiled a massive $ 17.15 billion loss in the second quarter due to costs stemming from the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster . The oil company said it took a pre-tax charge of $ 32.2 billion in the quarter to cover costs relating to the oil spill . It also announced its embattled Chief Executive Officer Tony Hayward will step down on October 1 , following fierce criticism of the way he has handled the disaster . CNN 's Kendra Petersen and Caroline Paterson contributed to this report .	Greenpeace protesters shut down BP stations in London At least 40 stations were affected Protestors covered BP signs with posters Most of the stations are running again
CNN  -- The tragic murder of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo by Michael Zehaf-Bibeau -- "  a recent convert to Islam " as every media outlet in the United States would like to remind you -- has added fuel to the already fiery debate in this country over the inherently violent nature of religion in general , and Islam in particular . It seems that , in the minds of many , the only possible reason a Muslim convert would go on a shooting spree in the Canadian Parliament is because his religious beliefs commanded him to do so . Of course , it could very well be the case that Zehaf-Bibeau was motivated by his Islamic beliefs . It could be that he read a particular passage in the Quran , understood it to mean he should kill as many Canadian government officials as possible , and then went out and did just that . After all , there 's no question that a person 's religious beliefs can and often do influence his or her behavior . The mistake lies in assuming there is a necessary and distinct causal connection between belief and behavior -- that Bibeau 's actions were exclusively the result of his religious beliefs . The notion that there is a one-to-one correlation between religious beliefs and behavior may seem obvious and self-evident to those unfamiliar with the study of religion . But it has been repeatedly debunked by social scientists who note that "  beliefs do not causally explain behavior " and that behavior is in fact the result of complex interplay among a host of social , political , cultural , ethical , emotional , and yes , religious factors . In the case of Bibeau , his violent behavior could have been influenced as much by his religious beliefs as by his documented mental problems , his extensive criminal past or his history of drug addiction . Yet , because Bibeau was a Muslim , it is simply assumed that the sole motivating factor for his abhorrent behavior was his religious beliefs . Indeed , there 's even a term for this idea : Sudden Jihad Syndrome -- an imaginary contagion invented by the neo-conservative commentator Daniel Pipes to describe how any normal-seeming Muslim can suddenly snap for no reason at all and go on a murderous rampage  thus proving Pipes ' point that "  all Muslims must be considered potential terrorists "  . Strangely , this causal connection between belief and behavior seems not to be as aggressively applied if the criminal in question claims a different religion than Islam . Take the example of the Norwegian terrorist Anders Breivik , who slaughtered 77 people , the majority of them children , in 2011 . Breivik explicitly defined himself as a Christian warrior fighting what he called an "  existential conflict " with Islam . Nevertheless , a great deal of the media coverage surrounding his actions seemed to take for granted that his crime had nothing to do with his Christian identity -- that it was based instead on his right-wing ideology , or his anti-immigrant views , or his neglectful upbringing , or even , as Ayan Hirshi Ali famously argued , because his view that "  Europe will be overrun by Islam " was being censored by a politically correct media , leaving him "  no other choice but to use violence . " All of the above explanations for Breivik 's behavior , including his religious beliefs , are pertinent in understanding the motivations for his behavior . But to argue that Breivik 's or Bibeau 's actions were motivated solely by their religious beliefs -- or that their religious beliefs necessarily dictated their actions -- is simply irrational . And yet , this trope has become exceedingly common among some critics of religion . Take the following excerpt from the bestselling book "  The End of Faith , " by the anti-theist activist Sam Harris  Note : because Harris has repeatedly tried to defuse the significance of his argument and has even gone so far as to accuse those , including me , who quote his words of defamation , I will present the passage in its entirety so that there can be no confusion as to his meaning  . "  The link between belief and behavior raises the stakes considerably . Some propositions are so dangerous that it may even be ethical to kill people for believing them . This may seem an extraordinary claim , but it merely enunciates an ordinary fact about the world in which we live . Certain beliefs place their adherents beyond the reach of every peaceful means of persuasion , while inspiring them to commit acts of extraordinary violence against others . There is , in fact , no talking to some people . If they can not be captured , and they often can not , otherwise tolerant people may be justified in killing them in self-defense . " Harris ' argument is that a person 's religious beliefs do not merely influence his or her behavior . They determine it . In other words , people holding certain beliefs should be killed , not because those beliefs may lead to violent behavior , but because they necessarily will . Therefore , in order to save ourselves  "  self-defense " Harris calls it  we may be justified in killing the believer before his or her beliefs turn into action -- as they inevitably will . It is true that religious beliefs can often lead to actions that violate basic human rights . It is also true that a great many of those actions are taking place right now among Muslims . But it is ridiculous to claim that the actions of Islamic extremists are either necessarily or exclusively the result of their belief in Islam . There may be millions of Muslims who share the ultra-orthodox , puritanical strain of Islam -- called Salafism -- that fuels the members of ISIS . But the U.S. is not at war with Salafism  if it were we would have bombed Saudi Arabia long ago  . It is at war with ISIS , and not because of what they believe , but because of the actions they have carried out based on their interpretation of those beliefs . Arguing otherwise leads to the preposterous conclusion that anyone who shares any measure of religious beliefs with a violent extremist is equally guilty for that extremist 's violent actions -- regardless of how diverse the interpretations of those beliefs may be . In fact , Harris makes this exact point : "  Given the link between belief and action , it is clear that we can no more tolerate a diversity of religious beliefs than a diversity of beliefs about epidemiology and basic hygiene . " The danger of this mistaken view of "  the link between belief and action " is that it makes it that much more difficult to counter religious violence . When we condemn an entire community of faith for sharing certain beliefs with extremists in their community , we end up alienating the very people who are best positioned to counter such extremism in the first place . People should be free to believe whatever they want to believe , no matter how irrational those beliefs may appear to us -- just as people should be free to criticize those beliefs . It is when such beliefs lead to violent behavior that people of all faiths -- as well as those of no faith -- should unite in condemnation . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Role of Islam was discussed after the shootings in Ottawa Reza Aslan says simply having a certain belief does n't cause one to engage in terrorism He says the real issue should be how people act , not what faith they hold
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel 's parliament has voted to dissolve itself and schedule an election in January , setting the stage for the beginning of an intense political campaign in the Middle Eastern nation . The election is set for January 22 , moved up from October 2013 , according to a statement on the Knesset website Tuesday . Last week , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for the early election after failing to agree on a budget with his coalition partners , saying the vote should be held "  as soon as possible " for the good of the country . He said the election was necessary to ensure "  a responsible security and economic policy " in the face of the economic downturn and threats to Israel 's security from Iran and elsewhere . "  It is my obligation as the prime minister to put the national interest above everything else , " Netanyahu said . "  So I have decided that it is in the best interest for the state of Israel to go to elections now and as soon as possible . " The Israeli Prime Minister said he had concluded after talks with the heads of the other parties in his coalition that it was not possible to pass a "  responsible budget with a long-term outlook " for Israel . Researchers at the Bank of Israel predicted in September that Israel 's economic growth this year would come in at 3.3 % , versus 3.0 % next year . Inflation through the end of the third quarter of 2013 was forecast to be 2.6 % . Two coalition partners , the ultra-Orthodox party Shas and Yisrael Beytenu , Avigdor Lieberman 's nationalist party , were against cuts being imposed on lower earners , including young families and families with many children . Defense Minister Ehud Barak , leader of the Independence Party , was against any cuts in the defense budget . Without those three coalition partners on board , Netanyahu had little chance of getting the budget through the Knesset .	The election is set for January 22 , moved up from October 2013 Last week , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for the early election He called for election after failing to agree on a budget with his coalition partners
CNN  -- In practical terms , it might seem that the recent arrests of key Taliban members and the success of the U.S. offensive in southern Afghanistan might indicate a new phase in the war against the Taliban . But how the Taliban respond will be based on a world view and beliefs far different from the American perspective and that of the Western-educated Afghan and Pakistani elites , whom we rely on for strategic advice and partnership . On Tuesday , Pakistani authorities confirmed the capture of Mullah Abdul Kabir , a member of the Taliban 's inner circle and a leading military commander against the Americans in eastern Afghanistan . Kabir 's arrest by the Pakistanis closely follows that of Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , the Taliban 's operational commander and likely second-in-command to Mullah Muhammad Omar . With the U.S. offensive based in Marjah going well , U.S. officials are privately hopeful that the latest developments will push the Taliban to the negotiating table . Could the Taliban be nearing a point where they would consider a negotiated end to the war , severing their more than decade-long alliance with Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda ? Having interviewed Taliban fighters and leaders , including two who are close to Omar , it seems likely that the Taliban themselves do not know the answer to this question . In the world of Omar and the Taliban leaders , many are driven by the power of religious visions and dreams . Each "  true night dream " is nothing less than a prophecy of God . And their leaders ' authority comes from God . According to the Taliban members I interviewed over the past two years , Omar and his top followers retreated to Quetta , a Pakistani border city , after the initial American victory in Afghanistan at the end of 2001 . As recounted to me , Omar was devastated by the Taliban 's defeat . Paralyzed with inaction , Omar could not decide what to do , waiting patiently for a "  true night dream " from God to tell him or at least one of his trusted followers . It was not until a Taliban deputy recounted a dream , in the spring of 2002 , in which he saw Omar 's "  beard turn a blinding white -- for it was now made of the threads of the holy prophet 's very cloak " that Omar decided to lead the fight again against the Americans inside Afghanistan . I was told that it was Omar 's own "  true night dream " -- where a mountain was about to fall on him when Allah appeared in the shape of a man -- that led him first to wear the holy relic of the cloak of the Prophet Mohammed . The seminal event in sealing Omar 's authority as the Taliban 's unquestioned leader happened when Omar donned , from a religious shrine in Kandahar , Prophet Mohammed 's cloak . "  Simply by standing in the holy cloak 's presence , the mute have walked out speaking , the blind seeing , but only when a true leader from God stands before it , will the holy cloak come out , " a Taliban leader told me . In the past 100 years , the cloak only "  came out " when the legendary King Amanullah wore it to save Afghanistan in 1929 and in efforts to stop a cholera epidemic in 1935 . "  The prophet 's cloak can be opened only when touched by a true leader of the faithful , " another Taliban official told me . "  Mullah Omar had the right touch . So , Allah almighty opened the locked chests for him to wear the very cloak worn by the Prophet Mohammed , and be proclaimed leader of the faithful . " Omar 's authority among his followers has continued to be based on "  true night dreams , " or ruya , that he and those in his closest circle receive . "  And we know , " the Taliban official told me , "  that whoever sees Allah in a dream surely has seen Him , since Satan can not impersonate Him in a true dream . " Whether the American offensive against the Taliban is successful , we would be wrong to assume that the Taliban 's actions will rationally follow battlefield realities . Omar and the Taliban leadership may be willing to negotiate with the U.S. , or they may simply fight to the last man . The recent arrests of key leaders of the Taliban will undoubtedly put pressure on them . But Omar and many around him see the world in less practical terms . Ultimately , it may simply be that unless Omar has another dream that tells him to sever his alliance with bin Laden , the Taliban will remain al Qaeda 's steadfast ally and never surrender or negotiate . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ken Ballen .	Ken Ballen interviewed Taliban leaders and fighters over two years Ballen : How Taliban react to arrests of key leaders ca n't be predicted Ballen found Taliban leaders rely on "  true night dreams " to guide them Whether Taliban cut ties with al Qaeda may depend on dream to Mullah Omar , he writes
CNN  -- Route 66 has been called "  the most famous highway in the world , " and it remains the ultimate road trip . Within the United States and to travelers from around the globe , Route 66 is on par with the Alamo and the Statue of Liberty as an icon of America . Route 66 offers today 's travelers the chance to press their noses against the window peering into another time , and it shows us an America that still exists off the modern freeway system . Here 's a glimpse into that world , with seven things most folks do n't know about Route 66 . 1 . Over 2,000 of Route 66 's original 2,448 connected miles are still approachable , if not always drivable . While there are many lovely stretches and remarkable towns to be found along the way , "  roadies " still debate which is the top stretch of Route 66 for a modern day road trip . When autumn leaves fall Some say the best unbroken drives happen along Oklahoma 's 400 miles of the old road , much of it uninterrupted by the interstate . Or possibly the most memorable drive is the 158 continuous miles on Route 66 heading west from Seligman , Arizona , and on to the California state line and Topock . Uncontested : Kansas has always had the shortest length of this road in any of the eight Route 66 states , and all 13 historic miles are drivable today through Galena and Baxter Springs . 2 . John Steinbeck conceived of "  The Grapes of Wrath " on a late 1937 summer drive from Chicago west on Route 66 , which he called the "  long concrete path . " Steinbeck 's wife , Carol , suggested the title of the book  in which he called Route 66 "  the Mother Road "  . She was inspired by "  the Battle Hymn of the Republic . " The song 's first verse reads : "  Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord ; He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored . " Oktoberfest close to home The book 's English-language title translated into foreign-edition titles such as "  Angry Grapes " in Germany and "  Rage of Grapes " in Japan . 3 . Of the 116 episodes in the 1960-1964 TV show "  route 66 "  yes , always spelled with a lower-case "  r "  only two episodes were actually filmed on Route 66 . The cast and crew moved on location to 81 U.S. communities in 23 states . They also made two side trips to Canada , to film episodes in Toronto and Niagara Falls . Of the two destinations on Route 66 that were part of the series , one is in Needles , California , and the other is on a pre-1937 Route 66 stretch near Santa Fe , New Mexico . 4 . Route 66 is the only national highway to be decommissioned from the original 1926 grid that created the U.S. Highways System . It all came to a head on October 13 , 1984 , when a new , efficient six-mile freeway heading west at Williams , Arizona , opened to traffic . That 's when the last portion of Route 66 was bypassed by the interstates . Because of the new freeway , Highway 40 no longer intersected with Route 66 . It now arched away from "  the old road " and ended any necessity for motorists to travel on Route 66 to get between Chicago and L.A. . How the world welcomed fall  or spring The town of Williams had negotiated three interstate off-ramps to ensure travelers had access to their services . In return , Williams today is a wonderful place to experience Route 66 memorabilia and gain a sense of the road 's history  and it is also gateway to the Grand Canyon  . With Williams bypassed , the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials voted in favor of the "  Elimination of U.S. Route 66 " on June 26 , 1985 . 5 . Bobby Troup met Nat King Cole within days of Troup and his wife Cynthia arriving in Los Angeles , after the couple 's February 1946 drive across the country , part of it on Route 66 . The Troups had driven U.S. Highway 40 from their Philadelphia home to St. Louis , where they in fact did motor west on U.S. Highway 66 . Inspired by Cynthia 's suggestion of "  Get your kicks on Route 66 " as a song title , Troup had written less than half of "  Get Your Kicks on  Route 66 " when he met Cole . Troup sat at Cole 's piano at the Trocadero Club on Sunset Boulevard and played his half-song for the first time . Cole liked it so much he joined Troup and played along . Cole told Troup to finish the song and committed to recording it for his upcoming album . We dare you to take a real vacation Bobby and Cynthia got out their AAA maps to help frame the next verse , concentrating on their overnight stops . Cynthia said years later , "  What I really ca n't believe is that he does n't have Albuquerque in the song . " Kansas is the only one of the Route 66 states Troup did not reference , while Winona -- for reasons of rhyme -- is the one place out of driving sequence . Keeping his word , Cole recorded the song on March 16 , 1946 . Its popularity soared . And the Rolling Stones recorded it for their first album . 6 . Route 66 has had many nicknames , such as "  America 's Main Street , " and "  the Road of Dreams . " But Route 66 is properly co-designated "  the Will Rogers Highway . " Rogers , who spent his younger years in and around Route 66 communities , was the most widely read newspaper writer of his time and by 1933 he was the top male box-office draw in the United States movie industry , becoming "  honorary mayor " of Beverly Hills . When he died in a 1935 plane crash , radio stations in many parts of the country went silent for 30 minutes out of respect for their most quoted broadcaster . While the highway signage for this designation seems sporadic , it is official . A wonderful tribute to the man and his times is the Will Rogers Memorial Museum located in Claremore , just outside of Tulsa . 7 . Oklahoma 's Cyrus Avery , "  the father of Route 66 , " was so confident his proposed road from Chicago to L.A. would be designated "  Highway 60 " that he printed 60,000 brochures promoting Highway 60 going through his state in 1926 . Avery began erecting Highway 60 road signs along Oklahoma 's state road .  Of course , all of these had to be destroyed when the U.S. Highway 66 designation was stipulated later that year .  The decision by Avery and his compatriots to accept "  66 " as their favored route 's designation was made in Springfield , Missouri , on April 30 , 1926 , giving that town recognition as "  the birthplace of Route 66 . " To learn more about Route 66 , check out the National Historic Route 66 Federation and the eight state associations that support America 's love affair with Route 66 . The Route 66 News website is independent clearinghouse of news and events along Route 66 . Do you remember driving along Route 66 in its heyday ? What are your favorite versions of the famous song ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	John Steinbeck conceived of "  The Grapes of Wrath " on a late 1937 summer drive on the famous highway "  Get Your Kicks on  Route 66 " was partially written while the songwriter and his wife were driving to Los Angeles Although the signage is sporadic , Route 66 is properly co-designated "  the Will Rogers Highway "
CNN  -- The massive protests in Hong Kong took an ugly turn on Friday when students pressing for representative democracy clashed with opponents , prompting a breakdown of talks aimed at defusing the crisis . This negativity followed a week of remarkably peaceful civil disobedience in what has been dubbed the "  Umbrella Revolution , " after the widely shared image of a man defiantly holding up an umbrella in a haze of police tear gas fired to disperse the tens of thousands of activists crowding the city 's main government and business thoroughfare , the region referred to as Central . But protesters shrugged off the gas assault as if it had never happened . Behind the barricades , they studied for exams , coordinated the cleanup and recycling of trash generated by the crowd , and jerry-rigged guerrilla charging stations for the voluminous array of devices the demonstrators are using as part of the sophisticated war they 're waging on the virtual front , wielding the digital-age weapons of image feeds , live streaming video and ceaseless social media updates . The Umbrella Revolution is hardly the first protest to harness the power of technology to coordinate activities and broadcast messages , but it 's almost certainly the most sophisticated . Andrew Lih , a journalism professor at American University , discussed the infrastructure the activists have adopted in an article for Quartz , a system that incorporates fast wireless broadband , multimedia smartphones , aerial drones and mobile video projectors , cobbled together by pro-democracy geektivists like the ad-hoc hacker coalition Code4HK . Given this remarkable show of force by the crowd under the Umbrella , it 's not surprising that Beijing has moved quickly to prevent transmissions from reaching the mainland , blocking Chinese access to Instagram , where images and videos from the demonstrations and police crackdowns are regularly being posted , and banning all posts on popular messaging sites like Weibo and WeChat carrying keywords that refer to the protests . Activists have fought back by downloading the peer-to-peer "  mesh messaging " app FireChat -- which allows communication among nearby users even when centralized mobile services are unavailable by linking smartphones directly to one another via Bluetooth and wifi -- in the hundreds of thousands , and by creating an elaborate system of numerical hashtags to stand in for forbidden terms . For example , # 689 is the codename for Hong Kong chief executive C.Y. Leung , referring to the number of votes he received in his selection as the region 's highest government representative , a scant majority of the 1,200 members of the the Communist Party-approved nominating committee . # 8964 references Beijing 's brutal June 4 , 1989 , crackdown on student democracy activists in Tiananmen Square , which casts a looming shadow over the Occupy Central demonstrations . These strategies seem to have prompted the Chinese authorities to resort to new and more insidious tactics . Links -- seemingly posted by Code4HK -- have begun popping up on social media , inviting users to download a new app that allows for secure coordination of protest activities . Instead , clicking the link downloads a Trojan horse that gives its developers -- presumed by some security experts to be "  red hat ' hackers working with support from the Chinese government -- open access to the messages , calls , contacts , location and even the bank information and passwords of those naive enough to download it . That 's a harsh lesson not just for those living under authoritarian regimes , but for us citizens of nominally free and democratic societies as well . The smartphone is by far the most formidable tool for populist empowerment ever invented , turning individual human beings into mobile broadcast platforms and decentralized mobs into self-organizing bodies . But it 's also jarringly easy for these devices to be used against us . Here in the United States , revelations of the existence of massive government surveillance programs like the NSA 's PRISM have caused an uproar among digital libertarians . Likewise , criminal smartphone hacking and cloud cracking has led to the release of celebrity nude photos and sex videos , to the humiliation of those who thought them private . The response from leading smartphone developers like Apple and Google has been to announce new methods of locking and encrypting information to make it harder for individuals , businesses or governments to gain access to our personal information . But even as they add these fresh layers of security , they continue to extend the reach of these devices into our lives , with services that integrate frictionless financial transactions and home systems management into our smartphones , and wearable accessories that capture and transmit our very heartbeats . Imagine how much control commercial exploiters , criminals -- or overreaching law enforcement -- might have if it gained access to all these features . The upshot is that we increasingly have to take matters into our own hands  and handsets  , policing our online behavior and resisting the temptation to click on risky links . It may be worth exploring innovative new tools that offer unblockable or truly secure alternatives to traditional communications , like the free VPN browser extension Hola , which evades global digital boundaries to Web access ; open-source projects like Serval and Commotion , which are attempting to develop standards for mesh connectivity that route around the need for commercial mobile phone networks ; and apps like RedPhone and Signal , which offer free , worldwide end-to-end encrypted voice conversations . Most of these are works in progress . But as technology becomes ever more deeply embedded into our lifestyles , keeping our digital identities secure and private is becoming increasingly critical . And as the protests in Hong Kong have shown , the only solution may be to use technology to defend against technology -- in other words , to fight fire with FireChat .	Students in the massive protests in Hong Kong want representative democracy Jeff Yang : These protesters may be the most sophisticated and technologically savvy ever He says Chinese authorities are blocking images and creating apps that trick protesters Yang : Smartphone a great tool for populist empowerment but it can easily be used against us
CNN  -- Debate over guns continues to inflame the nation , especially after the mass killings in a Connecticut school late last year that prompted President Barack Obama to seek new federal restrictions . Obama 's efforts have stalled , but several states are now redefining their own laws for firearms . Those measures run the gamut . On one hand , New York toughed its gun laws . But in one extreme , Missouri sought to effectively obliterate federal gun laws , which eventually failed . The state-by-state battles seemingly favor Second Amendment adherents , led by the National Rifle Association , said one analyst who lives in Colorado , which this week saw a successful recall election against two state politicians supporting gun control . So far in these major controversies , "  the gun lobby has won the policy victories , " left-leaning commentator and columnist David Sirota of Denver told CNN . Missouri Nowhere were federal gun laws under greater attack this month than in Missouri : lawmakers sought to essentially void federal gun laws in the state . The Republican-led Legislature passed a bill that they said would protect the rights of gun owners , but Gov. Jay Nixon , a Democrat , vetoed the measure . State legislators so far have been unable to muster enough votes to override the veto . The Missouri proposal was an eye opener : It would have technically allowed residents to own a machine gun . It also would have made it a crime to enforce background checks or publish the name and address of a gun owner . And citizens could have taken legal action against police who try to enforce federal gun laws . Ohio , Minnesota and Texas pursued similar bills as an apparent backlash against federal gun control attempts . Nixon declared he "  has consistently signed bills expanding the rights of gun owners in Missouri , " but the state Republicans ' measure was just too much -- an "  unnecessary and unconstitutional attempt to nullify federal laws , " in his words . Iowa Should the blind be shooting guns ? The issue recently arose in Iowa when the Des Moines Register exposed how state law allows blind people to receive permits to acquire or carry guns in public . Iowa 's definition of blindness is explicit : anyone who is legally or completely blind . Federal laws do n't prohibit blind people from owning guns , but some states regulate their ability to acquire firearms . Nebraska , for example , requires a "  proof of vision " before issuing a permit to carry a concealed handgun : that proof can be a driver 's license or an eye doctor 's statement . But the Iowa law -- similar to one in Wisconsin -- divides advocates for disabled people and the police . Blind singer Stevie Wonder found such gun ownership absurd : "  Imagine me with a gun , " he told CNN earlier this year . "  It 's just crazy . " Colorado In what some view as evidence of the gun lobby 's might , two Democratic state senators were kicked out of office in a recall election this week . The election -- controversial in itself because it was the first-ever at a state level -- was initiated after the two voted in favor of new gun control laws . The new laws , effective last July , limit firearm ammunition magazines to 15 rounds and require universal background checks on all firearm sales . The recall was viewed as a battleground between gun rights activists and gun control advocates . It was just in July 2012 that a mass shooting killed 12 people and wounded 58 others in a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado . The new gun laws polarized Colorado along party lines : Democratic voters supported them , but Republican voters opposed them , a Quinnipiac University poll said last month . In the recall , the powerful gun lobby , the National Rifle Association , spent between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 to oust the Democratic lawmakers . The NRA denied it initiated a national effort to oust the two lawmakers , saying it was fundamentally "  a local effort , " the group told CNN . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a billionaire and major proponent of gun control , spent $ 350,000 to keep the Colorado lawmakers in office . Gun control advocates , however , charged the recall was successful because of "  the shadowy maneuvers of the corporate gun lobby and a handful of extremists , " said Dan Gross , president of the Brady Campaign to Stop Gun Violence . Texas Texas lawmakers pushed a series of bills that would make it easier and cheaper to own and carry a gun in that state . The legislators initiated the blitz on the same weekend that the National Rifle Association held its annual convention in Houston last May , CNN affiliate KTXA reported . At least two of those measures were signed into law by Gov. Rick Perry : it 's now easier for a person to renew a license to carry a concealed handgun , and veterans and peace officer now pay a lower fee for concealed handgun licenses . One measure that stalled , however , is a Missouri-like proposal that would prohibit any state employee from enforcing federal gun laws -- such as capacity limitation or registration requirements -- that do n't exist under state law . "  The Second Amendment is the amendment that keeps the people free , " said Tea Party Republican state Rep. Steve Toth , who sponsored that stalled bill , according to KTXA . 5 things to know about guns New York A month after the Connecticut school mass shooting , New York became the first in the nation to create new laws imposing mental health regulations on firearm ownership . The laws fortify New York 's existing assault weapons ban , limit ammunition magazines ' capacity to seven bullets rather than 10 and strengthen rules that govern the mentally ill , which includes a requirement to report potentially harmful behavior . Newtown , Connecticut The postcard-worthy town of Newtown -- devastated last December by the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary that killed 20 children , all aged 6 or 7 , and six adults -- is now seeing an upswing in gun permits . With 27,000 residents , Newtown issued 171 pistol permits last year and 209 permits so far this year , on pace to double the 2012 figure . Meanwhile , Connecticut passed this year new gun laws that are among the toughest in the country . They add more than 100 guns to its list of banned assault weapons and limit the capacity of magazines to 10 rounds . They also mandate the creation of the nation 's first statewide registry of people convicted of crimes involving the use or threat of a dangerous weapon , among other things . Nevertheless , the new gun controls prompted some residents to get gun permits . "  Fear did not prompt me , " said Nancy Elis , a widow and grandmother who lived in Newtown for 28 years before recently moving to the nearby town of Southbury . This year , she got a gun permit . "  When I started to hear all the gun control talk , that 's what prompted me , " Elis told CNN . "  Our rights are being slowly infringed upon and that this whole idea of controlling guns has come to my backdoor . " Now she wants to own a gun , she said , because "  there may be a time when I may never be able to get a firearm . " Has the moment passed ? Why gun control push fizzled CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell and Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	With President Obama 's gun control effort stalled , states address the gun issue There is a recall election , a call to void federal laws , a toughening of gun laws Overall , the gun lobby is winning "  the policy battle , " a liberal commentator says
CNN  -- French club Monaco have served further notice of their intent to challenge at the top of world football by completing the signing of Atletico Madrid striker Radamel Falcao . The five-year deal for the Colombian , who has found the net 28 times for Spanish Cup winners Atletico in the league this season , is the latest in a series of high-profile acquisitions by the newly promoted principality club . The transfer fee was n't disclosed by Monaco , but it was reported to be almost $ 80 million . "  I 'm very happy to join AS Monaco and very happy to wear these new colors , " Falcao said in a video message on Monaco 's Web site . Earlier this month Monaco 's owner Dmitry Rybolovlev -- worth $ 9.1 billion , according to Forbes -- funded the transfers of Porto pair Joao Moutinho and James Rodriguez for $ 90 million . When Rybolovlev acquired a majority stake in the club in December 2011 , Monaco were bottom of the French second tier . Italian coach Claudio Ranieri guided the team to the Ligue 2 title and will be expected to lead his expensively assembled squad towards the upper echelons of French football and , ultimately , into continental competition . "  We are absolutely delighted that Radamel Falcao has accepted the challenge of coming to play for AS Monaco FC , " Rybolovlev told the club 's Web site . "  We are proud to have secured one of the best players in the world and confident that he will help ASMFC regain its rightful status . " The signing of Falcao is a major coup for the seven-time French champions . The 27-year-old arrived in European football from Argentina 's River Plate in 2009 and went on to score 41 goals in 51 games for Porto as the Portuguese team won the Europa League . The Santa Marta-born forward moved to the Spanish capital in 2011 and his goals helped Atletico clinch the Europa League crown in 2012 . Falcao 's stock rose considerably after he scored a hat-trick against Champions League winners Chelsea in the 2012 European Super Cup , played at Monaco 's Stade Louis II Stadium . He had been linked with a switch to Atletico 's city rivals Real Madrid as well as a host of other illustrious European clubs . Falcao 's status for Atletico 's final game of the season , at Zaragoza on Saturday , was n't known .	Radamel Falcao signs for Monaco after he was linked with , among others , Real Madrid Falcao has scored 28 goals this season , helping Atletico win the Spanish Cup Earlier in May , Monaco signed Joao Moutinho and James Rodriguez for $ 100 million
CNN  President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change , refocusing on the issue from a public health vantage point . After the event at Washington 's Howard University on Tuesday , Obama sat down with me for a one-on-one interview . I asked him about the science behind climate change and public health and the message he wants the average American to take away , as well as how enforceable his action plan is . Here are five things I learned : The President enrolled at Occidental College in Los Angeles in 1979  he transferred to Columbia University his junior year  . While in L.A. , he said , the air was so bad that it prevented him from running outside . He remembers the air quality alerts and how people with respiratory problems had to stay inside . He credits the Clean Air Act with making Americans "  a lot " healthier , in addition to being able to "  see the mountains in the background because they are n't covered in smog . " Obama also said the instances of asthma and other respiratory diseases went down after these measures were taken . Peer-reviewed Environmental Protection Agency studies say that the Clean Air Act and subsequent amendments have reduced early deaths associated with exposure to ambient fine particle pollution and ozone , and reduced illnesses such as chronic bronchitis and acute myocardial infarction . The EPA estimates that , between 1970 and 2010 , the act and its amendments prevented 365,000 early deaths from particulate matter alone . "  No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change , " the President told me . When I asked about the strength of the science supporting the direct relationship between climate change and public health , he said , "  We know as temperatures rise , insect-borne diseases potentially start shifting up . We know , in a very straight-forward fashion , that heatstroke and other heat-related illnesses and deaths potentially increase , and so what we 're doing here is to make sure that in addition to public awareness around the potential for big storms like Hurricane Sandy or big wildfires or droughts , that people recognize there 's a very personal , potential impact in climate change , and the good news is we can do something about it . " In many ways , Obama is attempting to reframe the discussion around climate change as a public health issue that affects all of us , while conceding that we do n't fully understand the magnitude of the correlation between rising temperatures and impact on human health . When asked what the average American can do about all this , the President encouraged ordinary citizens , doctors and nurses to start putting some pressure on elected officials "  to try and make something happen to reduce the impacts of climate change . " He also issued a presidential proclamation declaring April 6-12 as National Public Health Week "  to better understand , communicate and reduce the health impacts of climate change on our communities . " The average American can also do their part to reduce their own carbon footprint , including :  Change your incandescent light bulbs to compact fluorescent lights . One CFL can reduce up to 1,300 pounds of carbon dioxide pollution during its lifetime . If every house in the U.S. switched its bulbs , we could reduce the electricity spent on lighting by half .  Unplug your gadgets and chargers when not in use . According to the U.S. Department of Energy , this practice can save $ 100 a year on your energy bill .  Use a laptop instead of a desktop . Laptops are designed to be energy-efficient , because battery life is a major factor in their design . According to Energy Star , a laptop can be up to 80 % more energy-efficient than a desktop .  Filter your own water . Beyond the environmental toll of plastic waste , consider just how far your water was transported before you bought it at the grocery store .  Adjust your curtains and thermostats . If you keep your house 2 degrees warmer in the summer and 2 degrees colder in the winter , you can save big bucks on your energy bill . The Department of Energy estimates you can save up to 15 % on your bill by turning off your thermostat when you 're not at home . Obama did not appear particularly concerned about the current Supreme Court challenge to the Affordable Care Act . He said he believes the statute is "  clear and straightforward . " He said , "  I am not anticipating the Supreme Court would make such a bad decision . " At issue is the 32 states that did not set up their own health care exchanges and left it to the federal government to do so . The plaintiffs in the lawsuit contend that the language of the Affordable Care Act does not allow for tax subsidies in those states  without state-based exchanges  , possibly creating a situation , for example , in which people in Massachusetts would receive a tax credit , but people living in Texas would not . Obama did tell me that if the Supreme Court challenge is upheld , however , there is no Plan B. "  Millions of people would lose their health insurance . They would no longer be able to afford the health insurance that 's being provided out there . " Obama went on to say , "  I think this is the last gasp of folks who have been fighting against -LSB- the Affordable Care Act -RSB- for ideological reasons . " He told me that he "  gets letters every day from people who say , ` you know what , the Affordable Care Act saved my life or saved my kid 's life because I got insurance . ' ' I thought I was healthy ; turns out I had a tumor , but because I went and got a checkup , it was removed in time , and I 'm now cancer-free . ' " He added , "  I think stories like that will be factored in when the Supreme Court takes a look at this case . " CNN 's Ben Tinker contributed to this report .	"  No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change , " the President says He credits the Clean Air Act with making Americans "  a lot " healthier
CNN  -- Carlos Sainz claimed a record 23rd stage win at the Dakar Rally on Friday , but the Spaniard 's title reign in the car category is coming to a close . The 48-year-old overtook race legend Stephane Peterhansel for overall victories as he claimed his sixth in the 33rd edition of the endurance event , but he trails Volkswagen teammate Nasser Al-Attiyah by more than an hour ahead of the final leg going into Buenos Aires . Sainz 's challenge came unstuck on Thursday when he suffered a broken suspension in the 11th leg between Chilecito and San Juan in Argentina , allowing teammate Ginier De Villiers to move up into second overall . The South African was second in Friday 's penultimate stage ahead of Al-Attiyah , but is almost 50 minutes behind the Qatari -- who is almost assured his maiden victory at the event after finishing runner-up last year . "  It really was the hardest stage of my life , because I had to keep concentrated and not make any mistakes , " the 40-year-old Al-Attiyah told the race 's website . Fear and loathing in South America "  Sometimes I was going fast , sometimes slow , because I needed to keep my concentration and keep the same pace , but it was okay . We finished the stage without any problems and I 'm really quite happy . " Spain 's Marc Coma is similarly in pole position to clinch a third title in the motorbike category after winning his fourth stage this year by 37 seconds from defending champion Cyril Depres . Coma has an overall advantage of more than 16 minutes from the Frenchman , who is also riding for the KTM team . "  Today was complicated due to all the rain that fell last night . As a result , it was a very technical stage , like in endurance racing . But it went fine , " Coma told the race 's website . "  There is still a 190-kilometer stage left to race tomorrow . Normally , there should n't be any complications , but we still need to race them , it 's there to be done . " Defending truck champion Vladimir Chagin is on course for his seventh title after claiming his sixth stage win , leaving him more than 31 minutes ahead of fellow Russian and Kamaz-Master teammate Firdaus Kabirov . In the quad bikes , last year 's runner-up Alejandro Patronelli is poised for his maiden triumph as he holds an even bigger lead ahead over fellow Argentine Sebastian Halpern , one of his Yamaha teammates . Halpern was second on Friday , while Patronelli was back in fourth eight minutes adrift .	Carlos Sainz gains consolation record the day after his title challenge effectively ends Spaniard trails Nasser Al-Attiyah by more than an hour ahead of final stage Marc Coma close to clinching his third motorbike crown after winning stage 12 Russia 's Vladimir Chagin is on course to win his seventh truck title
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actor Corey Haim was the "  poster child " for the problem of addicts "  doctor shopping " for dangerous drugs , California 's top law enforcement official said Tuesday . Investigators found that the former child actor was supplied with prescriptions for five controlled substances by seven doctors in the last 10 weeks of his life , Attorney General Jerry Brown said . "  Corey Haim actually obtained 553 dangerous drugs in just this year , as late as five days before he died , " Brown told reporters at a news conference in Los Angeles . The drugs included Vicodin , Valium , Soma , Oxycontin and Xanax , Brown said . The coroner has not yet ruled on what killed Haim , 38 , who died last month after collapsing at the Los Angeles apartment he shared with his mother . Toxicology lab results are expected to be available this month for Haim , who battled drug addiction for decades . Haim visited several emergency rooms and urgent care clinics with complaints of an injured shoulder or depression issues , according to Sara Simpson , head of the state task force investigating doctor shopping . Los Angeles County Deputy Coroner Ed Winter revealed last month that Haim obtained drugs using prescriptions written under the names of 20 Los Angeles doctors in the past year . The coroner subpoenaed medical records from those doctors . Haim also obtained at least one prescription of Oxycontin through the use of an illegally obtained prescription pad , Brown said . State agents arrested one person last month in connection with what Brown said was a massive drug ring that obtained and sold the counterfeit doctor 's pads . Although Haim battled drug addiction for decades , his manager said his death came when Haim "  was making major progress " with a program to wean him from pills . Still , Haim sometimes threatened to find other doctors to prescribe him drugs when his primary physician would n't give him what he wanted , manager Mark Heaslip said Monday . "  I would be the only one who could talk him out of it , " Heaslip said Monday night . His doctor was providing pills only in one-day supplies in an effort to wean him , Heaslip said . Haim 's primary care doctor would constantly follow up with urgent care centers that he believed were writing prescriptions for Haim , Heaslip said . The doctor later gave the information to investigators , he said . Simpson confirmed to CNN that Haim 's doctor was helping investigators . Haim had a prescription for the muscle relaxer Soma and the narcotic pain reliever Norco filled at a pharmacy February 26 , a source with knowledge of the transaction told CNN . Two days after Haim picked up the drugs , his primary care doctor called the San Fernando Valley pharmacy to ask about the prescriptions , the source said . An autopsy revealed that Haim suffered from pneumonia , an enlarged heart and water in his lungs when he collapsed March 10 , Winter said . Heaslip said he and Haim 's family are convinced his death was not from a drug overdose , but was perhaps a bad reaction to a single pill he took in the hours before his death . The pills , prescribed by an addiction specialist , came with a warning that they should not be taken by someone with a heart condition or flulike symptoms , both of which Haim had , Heaslip said . "  This kid was making major progress , " Heaslip said . His manager said that if Haim was cheating on his addiction program , he would probably not have admitted it to him since he would have dropped Haim as a client . Haim began his acting career in 1982 , with his first television appearance on the Canadian series "  The Edison Twins . " His first film role was in the 1984 American movie "  First Born . " Haim also won rave reviews for his title role in the 1986 film "  Lucas . " Film critic Roger Ebert said of him at the time , "  If he continues to act this well , he will never become a half-forgotten child star , but will continue to grow into an important actor . " His most famous role was in the 1987 movie "  The Lost Boys , " in which Haim played a fresh-faced teenager whose brother becomes a vampire . In recent years , the actor was reunited with longtime friend and frequent co-star Corey Feldman in a reality show . "  The Two Coreys " ran for two seasons on the A&E Network before it was canceled .	Corey Haim obtained 553 drugs in last year of his life , AG says Attorney General Jerry Brown calls Haim the ` poster child ' for doctor-shopping Coroner has not yet ruled on what killed Haim , 38 , who died last month Former child actor battled drug addiction for decades
CNN Student News  -- November 1 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Yemen  Turkey  Kobe , Japan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Welcome to November ! And to a new week of CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . First up today , a story that spans multiple continents . First Up : Security Concerns U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : We will continue to pursue additional protective measures for as long as it takes to ensure the safety and security of our citizens . I have also directed that we spare no effort in investigating the origins of these suspicious packages and their connection to any additional terrorist plotting . AZUZ : The president 's talking about a suspected terrorist plan that spread from the Middle East to Europe and almost to the U.S. Officials got a tip and stopped it this past Friday . The president mentioned suspicious packages . There were two of those . One was found on a plane in the United Kingdom . The other , on a plane in Dubai . Each of the packages had an explosive device hidden inside a computer printer . Officials say those explosives were designed to be set off remotely ; they could be triggered with a cell phone . Saudi Arabia warned the United States about the packages . The U.S. told Britain . And then U.S. and British officials told the Middle Eastern nation of Yemen . Authorities think these bombs came from an al Qaeda terrorist group inside Yemen . The packages were found on cargo planes , but officials think the bombs might also have flown on passenger planes . Both of them were inside packages that were headed to Chicago , Illinois ; never made it there . Brian Todd looks at why someone might have wanted to send these explosives on a cargo plane . BEGIN VIDEO BRIAN TODD , CNN CORRESPONDENT : It was an intelligence tip , not a random check , that led to the discovery of the suspicious package at the airport in Britain . That 's according to British police sources . One of the world 's top air security experts says the contents , a manipulated toner cartridge , and the origin of the package had to have set off alarms . Some things about this particular shipment just did n't seem right to you ? RAFI RON , CEO , NEW AGE SECURITY SOLUTIONS : Yes . It does n't make a lot of sense . Yemen is not known to be an exporting country for the printers ' ink , certainly not to the United States . So , I think there is already something in the nature of the shipment that I would say supposed to draw our attention . TODD : Rafi Ron , former top Israeli air security chief who now advises the Boston and San Francisco airports , says packages in cargo planes are not screened as tightly as those in passenger aircraft . Not every package on a cargo plane is X-rayed . Ron says that 's because terrorists typically do n't want to bring down cargo planes . But if the intended targets are elsewhere , those procedures could change , at least temporarily . Homeland Security officials say , because of this incident , we 'll see heightened screening of cargo at most major airports , more explosive trace detection , more use of imaging technology . Rafi Ron says areas like this in the U.S. and elsewhere also need more security -- the perimeters around the cargo loading areas and where the planes are -- because even though they have security , they are much more out in the open . But a crucial screening system is in place . It 's called the Known Shipper program . Officials at the TSA and UPS tell us it 's basically an intelligence-sharing network for cargo . Government security agencies around the world work with private companies , businesses and the transporters like UPS to track everything about a given package . END VIDEO Turkey Bombing AZUZ : Police investigators are trying to find out who 's responsible for a bomb that did go off in a Middle Eastern country this weekend . It happened in Istanbul , largest city in Turkey , a nation a little bit bigger than the U.S. state of Texas . At least 32 people were wounded in the attack , some of them seriously . But according to police , the suspected suicide bomber was the only person killed . Shoutout APRIL WILLIAMS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's first Shoutout goes out to Mr. Berg 's 6th grade humanities block at Beaver Lake Middle School in Issaquah , Washington ! How many U.S. Senate seats are up for election this Tuesday ? Is it : A  33 , B  37 , C  100 or D  435 ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! This year 's midterm elections will determine 37 U.S. Senate seats . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Midterm Elections AZUZ : You 've been hearing about it for awhile ; now , this week , you are going to hear results . The midterm election is tomorrow ! Voters will be heading out to polls all across the country , casting their ballots for national , state and local candidates . There 's a lot at stake in these elections . Right now , Democrats have a majority in both the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives . Republicans are expected to make some gains on Tuesday . The big question is whether they 'll win enough seats to take over the majority in either of those chambers of Congress . Meanwhile , the candidates are still out there trying to rally up support . DINO ROSSI ,  R  SENATE CANDIDATE , WASHINGTON : I think the country needs to go in a very different direction . And this is really just a lot bigger than just me and one race . This is really about the future of this country . SEN. PATTY MURRAY ,  D  WASHINGTON : The most important thing in this election is that people have a voice and that the powerful interests that can buy ads and not tell us who they are because of the Supreme Court decision should be a concern to all of us . Shoutout Extra Credit TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! We asked about the Senate , now we want to know how many seats in the U.S. House of Representatives are up for election on Tuesday ? Is it : A  37 , B  100 , C  217 or D  435 ? Another three seconds -- GO ! The midterms will determine all 435 seats in the House . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Web Promo AZUZ : House , Senate and governors ' race results : CNN Student News will have election outcomes later on in the week . Meantime , the CNN Election Center has all your midterm info . You 'll find a link to that in the Spotlight section of your favorite Web site : CNNStudentNews.com ! Stadium Goes Green AZUZ : Football , baseball , basketball : A lot of sports fans go all out when they cheer for their teams , especially when they 're at the stadium . In Japan , there 's one soccer stadium that 's looking at ways to turn all that fan energy into ... energy . Kyung Lah shows us how some fans can root for their team and the environment at the same time . BEGIN VIDEO KYUNG LAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , TOKYO : In the game of football , there are few certainties , except for this : fans on their feet , pounding , jumping , never stopping for two hours ; energy for the players on the field . But Mie Kiyota , who works for the Vissel Kobe team , saw something else . MIE KIYOTA , VISSEL KOBE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  There 's got to be some way to harness their energy in some sort of eco-friendly way , " she thought . LAH : It turns out , there is . In Japan , the J.R. train began capturing the energy commuters made while walking through the turnstiles . And at Kokwio Station 's main Tokyo headquarters , the company is developing its own floor panels which capture the energy of human foot traffic . So , Kiyota convinced the team to join in the emerging kinetic energy panel field . Vissel Kobe bought 24 panels , which landed under the feet of the fan section , where Kazuya Yamashiro is glad his girth is helping the environment . KAZUYA YAMASHIRO , KOBE VISSEL FAN -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  I 'm bigger than the other fans , " he says ... LAH : ... pointing out that he 's able to produce more energy with each heavy jump . The power cord , says Kiyota , carries the fans ' energy to a power box , to batteries . The amount of real energy produced in this testing phase is actually quite small . Because the last game was a tie , these three AA batteries were charged . But the stadium is using the energy produced for a real purpose : to power flashlights for the night games . Just the beginning , pledges Kiyota . Do you envision a day when this entire stadium will have this type of energy flooring ? KIYOTA -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : I think so . I hope one day this system will be in every seat , producing more clean energy . LAH : The team hopes football stadiums around the world will see Kobe 's small experiment and want to jump in . The biggest stumbling blocks right now , practicality and price tag . END VIDEO Facebook Chat AZUZ : Your questions . My answers . Our very first Facebook conversation of the school year is tonight . The time is 6:30 p.m. Eastern . The address : Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . I am looking forward to typing with you ! Before We Go AZUZ : ... though there wo n't be a photo booth like you saw in that video . It 'll just be us , text and our computers . A student recently asked me why so many of our Before We Go segments involve cats . I said it 's 'cause cats are crazy . This one 's just cute ! It 's an 8-week-old lion cub , a new addition to the National Zoo . The swimming lesson 's for his own good . Before he 's allowed in the habitat for lions , he 's got ta prove he can keep his little head above water , in case he falls in the moat and no one 's around to fish him out . Goodbye AZUZ : Needless to say , he passed the test swimmingly , though he had to work to stay afloat ; he could n't just be lion around . And we 're sure when he makes his debut at the zoo , he will be lionized . All right , I know some of you are waiting to roar at me about those puns . You can on Facebook tonight . I am looking forward to talking to you . I 'm Carl Azuz for CNN Student News ! And we will see you either tonight on Facebook or tomorrow , when our show returns .	Investigate an apparent terror plot involving explosives , planes and printers Test your knowledge about what 's up for grabs in the U.S. midterm elections Power up with a unique idea to capture the kinetic energy of soccer fans Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Barcelona beat Valladolid 2-1 Sunday night before lifting the La Liga trophy for the 22nd time in front of their fans at a sodden Nou Camp . The ground was just over half full , the lowest attendance of the season , but it could not dampen the celebrations of the Barca squad , who have dominated in the league this campaign . With Lionel Messi sitting out the rest of the season with a hamstring injury , it was left to Pedro Rodriguez to put Barca ahead in the first half . An own goal from Marc Valiente doubled the advantage before the visitors hit back with a Victor Perez penalty in the 89th minute . At the presentation , club captain Carles Puyol left it to manager Tito Vilanova and fellow defender Eric Abidal , who have both been absent as they battled cancer this season , to lift the trophy . "  It 's been a difficult year , but the most important thing is that Abidal and Tito are with us , " he told the club 's official website . "  I want to thank you all for your confidence and support in the good and bad moments , " Vilanova told the supporters . If the Catalan giants win their remaining two matches , they will equal the 100 points record total of arch rivals Real Madrid . Elsewhere Sunday , FC Porto sealed their 27th Portuguese league title after beating Pacos de Ferreira 2-0 . It was their third championship in a row and they finished a point ahead of bitter rivals Benfica , who beat Moreirense 3-1 in their final league match . In Italy 's Serie A , a late penalty from Mario Balotelli and the winner from Frenchman Phillipe Mexes gave AC Milan a dramatic 2-1 victory at Siena . The last-gasp win clinched third and the final Champions League spot for Milan , who had fallen behind to a 25th minute goal from Claudio Terzi . It meant Fiorentina 's 5-1 thrashing of Pescara , with Adem Ljajic scoring a hat-trick , proved academic as the Florence side finished fourth , two points adrift of Milan .	Barcelona beat Valladolid 2-1 in Nou Camp Team lift La Liga trophy for 22nd time Porto claim Portuguese title ahead of Benfica AC Milan seal Champions League spot in Italy
CNN  -- When Bitcoin 's architect first unleashed the idea of creating a decentralized virtual currency on the internet , the tech-savvy elite sat up and listened . That was in 2008 . Just a year later , operating under the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto , the unknown developer took the concept live . By year-end , over 1.6 million bitcoins had been mined . Since then , the meteoric rise of the digital currency has continued to capture the world 's attention as financial institutions now examine its viability . At a time when many have lost faith in the global financial system , Bitcoin is being hailed as the future of e-commerce . "  It 's lower cost , lower risk and a more accessible form of payment from anything else we have today , especially for shopping online , " says Tony Gallippi , founder of BitPay , a Bitcoin payment processing service . "  Credit cards were designed in the 1950s and were never designed for the Internet . It leads to issues like identity theft and payment fraud . " Gallippi -- who recently testified before a U.S. Senate committee on the growth of Bitcoin -- explains that the virtual peer-to-peer currency was created to be "  borderless by design , " thus opening the door to the international marketplace for smaller merchants . Internet 's currency of choice The anonymity of the currency is also a plus for Bitcoin users as no verified personal data is required for making online transactions . This has led many to speculate that Bitcoin will be mainly used for illegal online transactions . "  For small businesses that have unique items , it really opens up their business to a truly worldwide customer base ... It 's going to become the default payment system for the internet by the end of this decade , " adds Gallippi . While Bitcoin 's electronic nature makes it appealing for e-commerce , Gallippi acknowledges that there are still some kinks in the system that need to be ironed out . "  Tax implications and potential regulation are some obstacles we face ... the other issue is that perhaps -LSB- Bitcoin -RSB- is not quite ready for mainstream consumers just yet . "  I think we 've got quite a bit more work to do on the engineering side ... But I would expect Bitcoin will soon become the preferred method of payment for connecting businesses over the Internet , " predicts Gallippi . The implications for e-commerce from the Bitcoin experiment continue to intrigue economists and financial analysts as some believe the crypto-currency could revolutionize the global marketplace . Bitcoin to replace traditional banking ? "  For more conventional businesses , I think the advantages are really in international commerce , " says Tom Elliott , director for the Emerging Markets Communications Strategies service at Strategic Analysts . "  You have significantly reduced transaction costs compared to converting one international currency to another international currency -- it 's typically cheaper . " Meanwhile , Jon Rushman , an economist and professor at Warwick Business School says : "  The brilliance behind the technical design of Bitcoin is the fact that the mechanism for payment is a distributed network . No one owns it . It does n't run in a data center owned by PayPal or Mastercard or Visa . " The added bonus ? No middlemen taking a cut from the transaction , he says . Rushman explains the currency 's recent surge is largely responsible for grabbing the financial world 's attention . Erratic price value In January 2013 , one Bitcoin was worth around $ 13 , surging in November to a staggering all-time high of $ 1,242 -- almost the same price as an ounce of gold . But since then , its value has dropped again to around $ 925 , according to Mt.Gox exchange rates . And , according to Rushman , Bitcoin 's erratic fluctuation is exactly what deters some businesses from adopting the currency : "  You would n't want to reprice every article in your shop everyday , which is why we like standard exchange rates . " " -LSB- If -RSB- you 're a retailer and you carry  # 100  $ 164  in your till overnight , normally you 're not really worried about the fact that it 's going to still be  # 100 in the morning . "  It could indeed become the system of payment -LSB- online -RSB- , but it has to get over this hurdle of volatility . You have to bridge that gap between what we trust today and the type of thing we might trust tomorrow . " But while some tout Bitcoin as the future of online shopping , others are describing it as the latest monetary fad . Jeremy Cook , chief economist at UK-based foreign exchange firm , World First , says Bitcoin is a mere internet affectation . "  It still appears to be a very niche payment option ... until the volatility calms down , the use of it as a payment method -- to buy shopping , a house , a car , send children to university for example -- is going to be very , very limited . "  Traders do n't want volatility in the currency that they are taking in . They do n't want additional cost , " he adds . The China conundrum Despite these concerns , some central banks have begun to throw their weight behind the virtual currency . Germany announced it recognized Bitcoin as "  private money " -- but until more central banks , like the U.S. Federal Reserve , back it , Bitcoin will remain a niche digital payment option , warns Cook . One key country that Bitcoin enthusiasts and analysts have been closely watching is China . "  The Chinese are the big , big domino to fall . If the Chinese get behind it , then it will become a part of an Internet revolution , " says Cook . But last Thursday the People 's Bank of China placed a ban on financial institutions handling the money after stipulating that the virtual cash had no legal status . With yet another hurdle now in place for Bitcoin , Cook believes its widespread adoption is a little optimistic . "  Certainly , you can believe that the future of Internet commerce will involve these kind of instantaneous payment methods . I have no doubt about that -- but people want simplicity . "  At the moment , the Bitcoin experiment does n't offer simplicity . It complicates matters by people having to understand another way of doing things . " Infographic : What is Bitcoin ?	Bitcoin has generated a cult-like fervor amid reports of increasing value Market volatility , government backing remain barriers , say analysts Enthusiasts say Bitcoin is future of online shopping
CNN  -- It arrived in Rich Stevens ' mailbox a few weeks ago : the notice that Citibank had "  rate-jacked " the Visa cards belonging to him and his wife . Some credit card holders have seen their interest rates go up dramatically , a practice called "  rate-jacking . " "  In my case , from 9.5 percent to 16.99 , " the 54-year-old nurse from the Long Island hamlet of Merrick , New York , told CNN . And his wife 's rate zoomed from 7.95 percent to 16.99 percent , he said . Stevens said he did not know why the rates had soared ; his credit rating is great . But , like thousands of other credit card customers around the nation , he has been notified his rate is skyrocketing . "  It almost borders on loan-sharking , from my perspective , " he said . In the blogosphere , writers are livid at the instant rate hikes -- called "  rate-jacking . " Citigroup seems to be the target of most bloggers ' venom -- partly because Citigroup issues so many credit cards and partly because Citi began sending the notices at about the same time it was getting a $ 20 billion , taxpayer-financed government bailout . No one at Citigroup would talk on camera to CNN about the matter . Instead , the company issued a written statement , which said : "  To continue funding in this difficult credit and funding environment , Citi is repricing a group of customers . " Citi told CNN that anyone unhappy with the new rates can opt out and continue paying the lower interest , but they must close their account when their card expires . It 's all in the fine print . Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D-New York , said she is sick of the fine print . She agreed that credit card companies get away with whatever they want , as long at they put their desires into the fine print . "  They have this provision that says they can raise the rate -- any time , any reason , " she said . In September , Maloney got the House to pass by an overwhelming margin of 200 votes the "  credit card holders ' bill of rights , " which would have stopped rate-jacking and the imposition of other fees by banks . But the bill has languished in the Senate since September . "  There 's a lot of pushback from the financial industry , " she said . Watch how card companies are trying to woo customers " Critics say that pushback is linked to donations from the banking industry to the politicians responsible for regulating credit cards . The chairman of the Senate Banking Committee is Christopher Dodd . His staff said the Connecticut Democrat has his own credit card bill containing tough language to stop things like rate-jacking and shortening of billing cycles -- two issues that anger consumers . But even Dodd 's own bill has failed to gain traction -- it has sat since July . Dodd himself received more than $ 4 million from the financial sector during the last campaign , according to campaign records . His office did not respond to CNN 's questions about that . It did say that he has tried repeatedly to protect consumers , but added , "  legislation has been met with stiff opposition by the credit card industry . " On Thursday , the Federal Reserve is expected to vote on its own new rules regarding credit cards , rules in the works for four years that could clamp down on rate-jacking . Whatever is passed , Maloney said , probably would not take effect until 2010 .	One man 's rate went from 9.5 % to 16.99 % : "  It almost borders on loan-sharking " Citigroup , recipient of bailout funds , seems to be the target of most bloggers ' ire U.S. House passes "  bill of rights " for customers , but legislation stalls in Senate Citi says anyone unhappy with rate can opt out and close account when card expires
WIRED  -- In an effort to streamline and simplify the maturity ratings of software in mobile app stores , CTIA , the international wireless industry association , yesterday proposed a ratings system that store owners could voluntarily adopt . Google and Apple basically told the CTIA to stuff it -- they 're sticking with their own rating schemes . "  We 've put a lot of effort into Android Market 's rating system , which now works well globally , " Google spokesman Christopher Katsaros said in a statement . "  While we support other systems , we think it 's best for Android users and developers to stick with Android 's existing ratings . " Apple , too , has outlined its app review guidelines in extensive detail , but has not publicly commented on the CTIA app rating issue . In the Android Market , Google assigns content ratings that range from "  Everyone " to "  Low Maturity " to "  High Maturity , " but provides no details on the specific content that inspired its ratings . However , outlines for the ratings are provided in Google 's Android Market support forum . In its App Store , Apple provides an age rating ranging from 4 + to 17 + , and lists the reasons for assigning its maturity rating . For instance Plants vs Zombies received a 9 + rating for Infrequent/Mild Horror/Fear Themes and Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence . The CTIA 's guidelines aim to score smartphone and tablet apps on a five-point scale based on their violence and sexual content . The ratings , which would be controlled by the Entertainment Software Rating Board  which also controls computer and videogame maturity ratings  would range from "  Everyone " to "  Adults Only . " Apple 's App Store alone has more than half a million apps and Android is getting close to that number with at least 300,000 . CTIA announced it would be developing its app rating system in March . The initiative would call for "  voluntary self-certification of apps . " The system would make it easier for parents to see -- regardless of mobile platform -- if an app was appropriate for their child . The mobile application rating system was officially announced on Tuesday . AT&T , Sprint , Verizon Wireless , T-Mobile USA , U.S. Cellular and Microsoft are the founding bodies of the age-appropriateness rating system . It works like this : App developers answer an online questionnaire about their app 's content , including whether it shares location information , has a social networking component , and if it contains violence or sexual content , among other things . Apps would receive their rating almost instantaneously , and if a developer disagreed with the assigned rating , it could appeal it . The ESRB would regularly test popular applications and monitor complaints . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	CTIA proposes an app rating system to streamline maturity ratings Google spokesman says Android will stick with the market 's current rating system In its App Store , Apple provides an age rating ranging from 4 + to 17 +
CNN  -- South Korea will stage its first Formula One grand prix in 2010 , motorsport 's governing body , the International Automobile Federation  FIA  , announced on Monday . Work is in progress at the 5.6 km site of the future South Korean Grand Prix in Yeongam county . The 19-race season will open in Bahrain on March 14 and the final race will take place in Brazil . After missing out on staging a grand prix in 2009 , Canada will return to the circuit in 2010 with a June 13 date if agreement could be reached with Formula One Management which holds the sport 's commercial rights . If that is not completed then the Turkish Grand Prix will be moved back one week to the June 6 slot . South Korea is spending millions of dollars on a track in Yeongam county and officials are confident the Korean Grand Prix , set for October 17 , will quickly make its mark . Work is in progress at the 5.6 km site , 320km south of Seoul , where seating to accommodate 135,000 spectators is being built . Organizers say the main circuit will include Asia 's longest straight stretch of 1.2 km which will allow speeds of up to 320km per hour . Seoul has hosted the Olympic Games , the Asian Games and a football World Cup , but never a Formula One race , despite a major domestic auto industry . The 19-race schedule for the 2010 Formula One championship which gets under way in Bahrain on March 14 : March 14 , Bahrain Grand Prix March 28 , Australian Grand Prix April 4 , Malaysian Grand Prix April 18 , Chinese Grand Prix May 9 , Spanish Grand Prix May 23 , Monaco Grand Prix May 30 , Turkish Grand Prix June 13 , Canadian Grand Prix ** June 27 , European Grand Prix at Valencia , Spain July 11 , British Grand Prix July 25 , German Grand Prix August 1 , Hungarian Grand Prix August 29 , Belgian Grand Prix September 12 , Italian Grand Prix September 26 , Singapore Grand Prix October 3 , Japanese Grand Prix October 17 , South Korean Grand Prix October 31 , Abu Dhabi Grand Prix November 14 , Brazilian Grand Prix ** Subject to the completion of contract negotiations with Formula One Management . If these are not completed then the Turkish Grand Prix will be moved to June 6	South Korea will stage its first Formula One grand prix in 2010 , FIA announce The Korean Grand Prix is set for October 17 in a 19-race Formula 1 calendar Season opens in Bahrain on March 14 and the final race takes place in Brazil
Atlanta  CNN  A fake name on a Facebook post can still get you in real trouble , especially when you 're threatening to shoot every white cop you see . Ebony Dickens of East Point , Georgia , posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan , police said . "  All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW , " said the post made on Monday . "  I condone black on white killings . Hell they condone crimes against us . " The post was removed a day later , just before Dickens was arrested , CNN affiliate WSB reported . "  I thought about shooting every white cop I see in the head until I 'm either caught by the police or killed by them . Ha !!!! I think I can pull it off . Might kill at least 15 tomorrow , I 'm plotting now . " Needless to say , it got law enforcement 's attention . Not only the East Point police , but Atlanta police -- whose homeland security unit "  worked diligently ... to identify the true identity of the poster and her whereabouts , " said Atlanta police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy -- as well as the FBI and federal Homeland Security Department . "  That 's 15 people that she 's talking about killing within a day or so , so whether she is serious or not that 's something that we have to take seriously , " East Point police Lt. Cliff Chandler told WSB . Police in East Point -- a city of about 34,000 people just south of Atlanta -- said in a statement that , in addition to detailing how many police might die and threatening white officers specifically , the posts "  indicated that the acts were being plotted and were in motion . " After connecting Dickens to the Facebook post , authorities obtained a search warrant for her residence . They took her into custody while executing that warrant . "  A firearm along with three computers was located during the search , " East Point police said . Dickens , 33 , appeared in court Wednesday on a charge of disseminating information related to terrorist acts . A judge set a $ 10,000 bond for her and banned her from social media . She was then transferred to Fulton County Jail , where she remained until bonding out at 6:19 a.m. Thursday , according to county sheriff 's office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan .	Sheriff 's spokeswoman : Ebony Dickens is out of jail after posting $ 10,000 bond Police : Authorities found a firearm , three computers in her East Point residence Dickens is accused of posting her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan
New York  CNN  -- A businessman and former stockbroker pleaded guilty Monday to what prosecutors say was a dramatically conceived plot to scam the producers of the Broadway show "  Rebecca , the Musical . " Mark Hotton , 46 , of West Islip , New York , admitted to defrauding the producers of the yet-to-open show in 2011 and 2012 by creating fake foreign investors and businesses , according to a release from the U.S. Attorney 's office in Manhattan . "  With his guilty plea today , the curtain is finally closing on Mark Hotton 's elaborately staged fraud , " Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in the release . "  Though his lies and deceits were the stuff of fiction , they caused real harm to his victims , and he now faces real consequences as a result . " Ronald G. Russo , the attorney representing "  Rebecca , " told CNN Monday that the production was relieved by Hotton 's plea . "  The damage he did to us was very substantial , " Russo said . "  Criminal conduct withstanding , the producers are very optimistic about their ability to bring the musical ` Rebecca ' to Broadway next year , " he said . Hotton also plead guilty Monday to participating in a separate scheme to defraud a Connecticut-based real estate company , prosecutors said . He faces up to 40 years in prison for both cases . He also agreed to forfeit $ 500,000 and to pay $ 500,000 in restitution to his victims , according to the plea agreement . A lawyer for Hotton could not be immediately reached for comment Monday . In the "  Rebecca " scam , Hotton promised the show a $ 4.5 million investment from four overseas investors in return for $ 60,000 paid to Hotton and entities that he owned , according to federal prosecutors . The "  Rebecca " producers were introduced to Hotton through the investment community in February 2012 , when they had fallen about $ 4 million short of their budget , producer Ben Sprecher told CNN in October . The producers signed an agreement with Hotton 's TM Consulting Inc. on February 7 that entitled Hotton to a $ 7,500 fee and a guarantee of 8 % of any money he raised in excess of $ 250,000 , the government said . Hotton claimed to have secured the $ 4.5 million from four investors , identified in an indictment as Paul Abrams of Hawthorne , East Victoria ; Roger Thomas of St. Peter Port , Guernsey ; Julian Spencer of Crocker Hill , Chichester , Sussex ; and Walter Timmons of London . All of them Hotton allegedly created and portrayed himself through e-mail . Sprecher said he had not doubted the legitimacy of the deal because of the phone conversations and e-mail correspondences that he had with supposed investors . Hotton had even introduced him to a woman he said was Paul Abrams ' niece , he said . But when producers started pressing Hotton for the money , Hotton told them Paul Abrams had died of malaria , Sprecher said . Bharara said that in an investigation begun in September 2012 , officials uncovered that the investors ' e-mail accounts and the websites for businesses associated with the investors were all controlled by Hotton . Producers had already spent $ 6 million on Rebecca and were about to begin rehearsals when they found out the $ 4.5 million from Hotton was not there , Sprecher said . They are now searching to replace that capital and move forward with the show , which has been indefinitely postponed . Hotton will be sentenced in November . CNN 's Brittany Brady contributed to this report .	Mark Hotton admits he created fake foreign investors for "  Rebecca , the Musical " U.S. Attorney : "  The curtain is finally closing on Hotton 's elaborately staged fraud " Attorney for the yet-to-open show : "  The damage he did to us was very substantial " Hotton faces up to 40 years in prison in this and another case
Washington  CNN  -- Iran has freed an Iranian-American detained for more than two years , his lawyer said Saturday . Reza Taghavi , a retired businessman from Orange County , California , was released at 4 p.m. local time  8:30 a.m. ET  on Saturday , after being held in Iran 's notorious Evin prison since his arrest in May 2008 on suspicion of supporting an anti-regime group , the lawyer said . Los Angeles-based attorney Pierre-Richard Prosper said Taghavi has been reunited with his family and is hoping to return to the United States next week . "  It 's obviously a happy day , a great day for the Taghavi family , " Prosper said by phone from Tehran . A report on Iran 's state-run Press TV showed Taghavi alternately smiling and weeping after his release . Prosper has been negotiating Taghavi 's release since September 2009 . Saturday 's release was the product of three trips to Iran , meetings with Iranian officials in New York and Europe and close to 300 e-mails with Iranian officials , he said . On Saturday he held a final round of negotiations with Iranian authorities , who he said "  persuaded the judge to release him today . " Taghavi , 71 , traveled frequently to Iran to visit family and friends without incident , according to Prosper . In April 2008 , Taghavi went to Tehran with his wife . Before he left , he was asked by an acquaintance in Los Angeles named Imran Afar to take $ 200 for a friend in Tehran "  who was down on his luck , " Prosper said . Los Angeles has a large Persian community . Taghavi did not know the individual to whom he was asked to deliver the money , Prosper said . He handed it over and two weeks later was detained by Iranian authorities , after the recipient of the money was arrested on charges of association with an anti-regime group called Tondar . Prosper said Afar provided him with information he shared with the Iranian government that proved that Taghavi was not part of Tondar , which seeks to restore the monarchy in Iran . The group claimed responsibility for the April 12 , 2008 , bombing of the Hosseynieh Seyed al-Shohada mosque in the city of Shiraz . "  This is the product of fourteen months of non-stop negotiations with the Iranian government and authorities , " Prosper said Saturday . "  They finally got to the point where they realized he was used by this organization and he does not pose a threat to them . " Prosper said Taghavi 's case has thus far been "  suspended , " but that he hopes after working out "  some final details " with Iranian authorities the case will be dismissed outright . Although Taghavi continues to maintain his innocence , Prosper said a condition of his release was that he travel to Shiraz before leaving the country to visit the sight of the mosque bombing and to meet with a survivors group . Taghavi also agreed to share the story of the circumstances of how he was taken advantage of by Tondar . "  He is more than happy to that , as he feels aggrieved " by the group , Prosper said . Taghavi has been reunited with his wife , who has been in Tehran since July , and with his brother , who lives in the country . He has spoken to his son and daughter in California , Prosper said . Taghavi 's brother posted the deed to his home as collateral for his eventual release . Prosper said that returning the deed is among the "  final paperwork " he hopes to resolve later this week to arrange for Taghavi to leave the country . "  The most important thing is we get him on a plane , " Prosper said . The family has said it would not speak about his release until Taghavi returns safely home . Taghavi 's is a rag-to-riches story , his 36-year-old daughter , Leila Taghavi , told CNN in March . He brought his family to the United States in 1979 , before the Iranian Revolution , and stayed on in California to keep his family safe . Leila Taghavi said her father taught himself English , started a video game company in his garage and grew it into a successful corporation , which he handed over to his son when he retired 10 years ago . "  His life was the American dream , " Leila said . "  He learned everything the hard way , sacrificed for his children and taught us to be grateful for the good things . He is wonderful , honest and generous , the kind of father every daughter would want . " The family was silent for more than a year about his arrest , fearful that speaking out would politicize the case in Tehran and Washington . "  It was blind faith , really , " Leila said , explaining the silence . "  Not knowing it would take this long , and fear of the system . There was never a doubt of his innocence . " In September 2009 , with no movement on the case and losing hope he would be released , the family hired Prosper to contact the State Department and initiate a dialogue with the Iranian government . The United States and Iran do not have formal relations , and Switzerland serves as the "  protecting power " for the U.S. in Tehran . Prosper , who served as the ambassador-at-large for war crimes under the Bush administration and as a prosecutor for the Rwanda tribunal at the Hague , said he kept the State Department informed about the case , but did not ask for U.S. intervention out of fear Taghavi would become a political pawn by Iran in its standoff with the United States over Tehran 's nuclear program . "  It was a conscious decision not to engage them in the effort , " he said . He added that political upheaval in Iran after 2009 's disputed presidential election and the government 's subsequent violent crackdown on demonstrators had complicated his efforts . Prosper said he had not yet notified the U.S. about Taghavi 's release , but would be working through the Swiss to get his client a U.S. passport to travel home . He described his client as "  surprisingly upbeat " but emotional and physically tired . Taghavi suffers from diabetes and Prosper said his health deteriorated in prison . "  It 's too early to say what his emotional and physical state is , " Prosper said . "  There is going to be an adjustment period . " Other Americans remain in prison in Iran . American hikers Josh Fattal , Shane Bauer and Sarah Shourd were detained in Iran on July 31 , 2009 . According to their families , they accidentally strayed across an unmarked border into Iran while on a hiking trip in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . Shourd was released last month , while Bauer and Fattal are still being held on espionage charges . Kian Tajbakhsh , an Iranian-American scholar who spent four months in jail in 2007 , was arrested in July after the disputed presidential election and sentenced to 15 years in jail for spying . An appeals court later reduced his sentence to five years . The United States has no information about Robert Levinson , a former FBI agent who disappeared in Iran almost three years ago .	Retired businessman Reza Taghavi is released Saturday , his lawyer says In 2008 , Taghavi is arrested on suspicion of supporting an anti-regime group Taghavi suffers from diabetes and his health deteriorated in prison , his lawyer says
Toronto  CNN  -- Jenna Talackova , the 23-year-old woman who forced Donald Trump and his Miss Universe Canada pageant to end its ban on transgender contestants , fell short of the national title Saturday night at the pageant in Toronto . The crown went to Sahar Biniaz , an Indian-born , Iranian-raised actress from Vancouver . Biniaz , 26 , will represent Canada at the Miss Universe pageant in December , according to the Miss Universe Canada website . Talackova refused to speak to the media after the competition , but Biniaz said Talackova had congratulated her on her win backstage . Biniaz added that she admired Talackova for having the courage to compete in the pageant . In a CNN interview hours before showtime , the 6-foot-1 Talackova seemed a bit weary , as the spotlight was still squarely on her gender transformation . From beauty pageants to college sports , transgender people break barriers "  Like I always say , my family did n't understand , so why would I expect anybody else to understand ? And then they got to know me and they loved me , " Talackova said . But on Sunday , she told CNN the pageant was "  an amazing experience . " Asked if she thought her transgender status affected the judges ' decision , she said , "  Who 's to say ? I think I worked very hard . All of us ladies worked so hard and we gave it our best shot . The judges see something in those top five , and that 's fine . I would n't have changed anything . " She did n't walk away from the pageant empty-handed . In addition to finishing among the top 12 semi-finalists , Talackova tied with three other contestants for the title of Miss Congeniality . "  I 'm a little tired , but I 'm not down , " she said Sunday . "  For a couple of seconds , I was a little bummed out , but after , like , a couple of minutes I was just extremely happy . I was so proud of myself . I made sure I did my best performance . " How much should gender matter ? Talackova was born a boy with the name Walter , but she said she felt more like a girl by age 4 . By 14 , Talackova convinced her family that she should start taking steps to physically become a woman , she said . She began hormone therapy as a teenager and had gender reassignment surgery four years ago , when she was 19 . It was then she pursued her dream of competing in a pageant . But her gender history meant she was disqualified from the Miss Universe Canada competition for not being a "  natural born woman . " Talackova then hired women 's rights lawyer Gloria Allred , and the pageant 's co-owner , Donald Trump , was left with no choice but to change the rules and let Talackova compete . Donald Trump vs. Gloria Allred : Transgender beauty battle "  I 'm not interested in having arguments with Donald Trump . I 'm here to focus on Jenna and what she has won , " Allred told CNN after Thursday 's preliminary competition . "  And it 's been extremely important , and it really is a civil rights victory . And she has earned the right to claim that victory . " Talackova said Sunday she 's never told her story fully on her own terms , "  but I let  people  know a lot about myself thus far . I did come out with my statement , and that 's that people should embrace their individuality and follow their dreams , like I did . " Talackova said earlier her entry in the competition is about equality , even if some believe pageants are demeaning . "  The power that you get for having the crown -- you can inspire so many people , " she said . "  So if I have to walk in a bikini for that , I will . " CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : Jenna Talackova says the pageant was "  an amazing experience " Talackova was born a boy named Walter She fought to have Miss Universe organization open competition Sahar Biniaz , 26 , is the new Miss Universe Canada
CNN  -- The pugnacious style of Tony Abbott , the winner of Australia 's election , has played well with the electorate . He may have run a gaffe-prone campaign against the bookish Kevin Rudd , the incumbent Labor prime minister , but his knockabout style , which harkens back to older , safer times , proved popular with an electorate exhausted by years of Labor infighting . Having successfully deflected accusations of sexism -- dismissing a campaign gaffe in which he lauded a Liberal female candidate for her "  sex appeal " as a "  dad moment " -- Abbott has presented himself as an unreconstructed male who loves his sport and beer . In Australia 's current social climate , which some have attacked for being increasingly insular , self-absorbed and xenophobic , Abbott 's bruising confrontational style has hit a rich seam . Politics might be a tough profession , but in few places is it as bruising as in Australia where mudslinging and name-calling occur on an almost daily basis . Some exchanges in Australian parliament are almost the stuff of folk legend . Former Prime Minister Paul Keating  1991-96  , when pressed to name an election date , told the leader of the opposition he would n't reveal the date because , "  I want to do you slowly . " More recently , the former Australian leader recently ousted Rudd , Julia Gillard gave the opposition a spirited lecture in sexism that went viral and even drew praise from U.S. President Barack Obama . But not since leader of the Labor opposition Mark Latham broke a taxi driver 's arm in a dispute over a cab fare in 2001 have Australians had the chance to elect a real brawler as premier . Latham 's bid for prime minister failed , but in Abbott , the leader of the Liberal-National Coalition , the country may have found a natural successor . Combative in debate and with the media , Abbott may have shown little of his predecessors ' verbal flair -- recent gaffes had him talking about the "  suppository , " rather than the repository , "  of all wisdom " -- but he has displayed the kind of dogged aggression that Australians like to see in their sportsmen . The boxer A former Rhodes Scholar who won an Oxford Blue in boxing , he allegedly punched the wall either side of the head of a female political rival during his student days in the 1970s . Abbott claims the incident "  never happened . " For one former alumni from his Jesuit secondary school St. Ignatius ' College , Riverview , in Sydney , the episode would not have been out of character . "  All I remember is his rictus grin and the rolled-up sleeves of his short-sleeved shirt , giving his biceps something to rub up against , " the former classmate , who now works in the Hong Kong banking industry , told CNN . "  What struck me was the raw emotion he could elicit just by being him . You could pour an enormous bucket on him , and he was not only impervious in terms of being hurt but would grin back at you and give it back -- with compound interest and probably a compound fracture , " he added . While Abbott is a polarizing figure to the electorate , the socially conservative politician is known to hold complex views in some areas of policy . READ MORE : Internet , economy and boat people key issues in Australian election He has been known to defend areas of Medicare -- the country 's national health system normally championed by the Labor Party -- and even opposed his own party on industrial relations reform , arguing that it was too harsh on workers . Early beginnings Born in England in 1957 to an Australian mother and an English-born father , he graduated in economics and law from Sydney University where he became involved in the rough and tumble world of student politics . Avowedly right-wing at a time when the prevailing orthodoxy on campuses was deeply left-wing , Abbott , according to one of his biographers Michael Duffy , was beaten up at a student conference . Briefly training as a Catholic priest before working variously as a concrete contractor and as a journalist for The Australian newspaper , he entered politics in 1994 when he was elected to represent the affluent Warringah district of Sydney . Under former Prime Minister John Howard 's government , he served as an employment minister between 1998 and 2001 , and as minister for health and aging in 2003 . In 2009 , he narrowly beat then leader Malcolm Turnbull in a party leadership vote , winning 42 votes to Turnbull 's 41 . He also polled well in Australia 's 2010 general election , which was called following Gillard 's ouster of Rudd as prime minister , denying the government a majority and delivering a hung parliament that Gillard 's government could only hold together with the support of independents . Labor Party infighting boosted Abbott 's standing in the polls and -- under Gillard -- the Labor Party faced certain defeat at elections this year . While the installation of Rudd as prime minister for a second time has clawed back some of the ground Labor lost under Gillard , many analysts say his arrival has come too late to save the Australian Labor Party . Catholic values , populist instincts Abbott supports lower taxes , smaller government and tough border controls and backs the government 's policy of processing asylum seekers -- many of them illegal boat arrivals -- offshore . He recently announced that almost 32,00 asylum seekers who already in Australia will never be granted permanent settlement . He has also pushed a "  tow-back " policy that would see asylum seekers ' boats turned around when it is safe to do so . Dismissing the climate debate as faddish and fashionable , Abbott has vowed to roll back the controversial carbon tax put in place by Gillard , which he has condemned as "  socialism masquerading as environmentalism . " He has pledged to get rid of the 30 % mining tax introduced by Labor , saying that it is a serious disincentive to investment in Australia 's booming commodities sector . READ MORE : How Australia 's prime ministerial candidates view China On social issues , he has remained true to his Catholic faith , consistently voting against relaxing abortion laws , same-sex marriage and stem cell research . He has stated that he wants abortions to be "  safe , legal and rare . " As health minister in 2005 , he opposed the use of the abortion drug RU486 , but it was later overturned by parliament . Australian journalist David Marr , author of Abbott 's latest biography "  The Making of Tony Abbott , " says the leading contender to become Australia 's next prime minister is nothing if not the sum total of his contradictions . "  He is a highly successful , aggressive , populist politician but all throughout his career he has argued there is another side to him -- that there is a deep commitment to values -- and they are very traditional Catholic values , " he told ABC 's Question Time . However , he added that while his values informed his political views , he was able to shift and adapt them to prevailing political reality . "  There 's no occasion in his political career where those values have stood in the way of his politics . When it comes down to it , Tony Abbott is an absolutely secular politician . "	Tony Abbott , next Australian prime minister , is well known for his pugnacious style His gaffe-prone campaign has nevertheless been popular with Australian electorate Deflecting accusations of sexism , Abbott has presented himself as unreconstructed male Socially conservative politician is known to hold complex views in some areas of policy
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia named Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz to be crown prince Monday , the state news agency reported , putting him next in line to the throne of the oil-rich kingdom . His appointment comes a day after burial services for Crown Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz , whose death was announced Saturday . Salman , 76 , who was already defense minister , retains that post and becomes deputy prime minister as well , the Saudi Press Agency reported Monday , citing a royal order . He is a brother of the late King Fahd and Crown Prince Nayef , and a half-brother of King Abdullah . He became defense minister in November . Salman 's official biography on the website of the kingdom 's Interior Ministry says he had memorized the Quran by the age of 10 . Nayef , a hard-line conservative credited with pushing back al Qaeda , was interior minister as well as crown prince . Prince Ahmed bin Abdulaziz is replacing him as interior minister , the Saudi Press Agency said . Nayef was named crown prince in October by his brother , the king . Saudi state TV , which reported his death Saturday , broadcast Quran readings as an expression of mourning for the prince , who died in Geneva , Switzerland . He was in his late 70s . "  It is a shock . We all knew his health was frail , but his death is a shock , " Saudi Foreign Ministry spokesman Osama Nogali said . "  We still do n't know the reason behind his death . " Abdullah attended the funeral , along with Gen. Hussein Tantawi , the head of Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . U.S. President Barack Obama released a statement Saturday offering his condolences . "  Under his leadership , the United States and Saudi Arabia developed a strong and effective partnership in the fight against terrorism , one that has saved countless American and Saudi lives , " he said . He praised Nayef for supporting a broad partnership between Saudi Arabia and the United States . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden similarly offered his condolences and hailed the former leader as an important ally in the fight against terror . Nayef had been Saudi interior minister since 1975 , overseeing the kingdom 's counterterrorism efforts . He also was deputy premier . A classified U.S. Embassy cable leaked by the website WikiLeaks described Nayef as a hard-line conservative who was lukewarm to King Abdullah 's reform initiatives . Nayef led the crackdown against hard-line Islamists who took control of Mecca in 1979 and also oversaw the smashing of Saudi-based al Qaeda cells in the early 2000s . In recent years , his son , Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , led the kingdom 's fight against al Qaeda as the elder Nayef seemed to have taken more of a back seat . CNN 's Nima Elbagir , Rima Maktabi , Hamdi Alkhshali , Mohammed Jamjoom , Caroline Faraj and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : Salman bin Abdulaziz is a half-brother of King Abdullah He becomes next in line to the throne of the oil-rich kingdom Salman retains his post as defense minister and becomes deputy prime minister His predecessor , Prince Nayef , was buried Sunday
New York  CNN  -- New York City 's billionaire three-term mayor has tapped into his personal fortune to further the cause of same-sex marriage , donating $ 250,000 to support the issue in Maryland where voters will get the chance to weigh in at the ballot box come November . "  Maryland will always hold a special place in my heart . ... So when Governor  Martin  O'Malley asked me to support Question 6 , I did n't hesitate , " said Michael Bloomberg , who attended college at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore . Maryland residents are scheduled to cast their ballot November 6 on what 's known as Question 6 , voting either to uphold or strike down a bill legalizing same-sex marriage that was signed into law in March by O'Malley . With the law , Maryland joined seven states and Washington , D.C. , in allowing gay couples to wed , but it is n't scheduled to take effect until January 1 , giving both its opponents and advocates a chance to ratchet up campaign efforts to sway voters . Bloomberg , who has been a staunch supporter of gay rights in New York , made the donation earlier this month , according to a Friday statement from City Hall spokesman John McCarthy . Currently , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , New York and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples . In February , Washington state Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill into law that legalizes same-sex marriage , but that state similarly faces a referendum challenge in November . Both Maine and Minnesota are also voting on the issue November 6 . Five states -- Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , New Jersey and Rhode Island -- currently allow civil unions that provide rights similar to marriage . In California , a federal appeals court ruled against a voter-passed referendum that outlawed same-sex marriage . It said such a ban was unconstitutional and that it singled out gays and lesbians for discrimination . That case appears to be eventually headed to the U.S. Supreme Court .	Maryland residents are scheduled to cast their ballot November 6 They will vote either to uphold or strike down a bill legalizing same-sex marriage Bloomberg made the donation earlier this month
CNN  -- It 's typical for high school students to encourage their classmates in competition with "  you guys are going to win . " What makes it different in the case of Carmel , New York , High School seniors Dylan Meehan and Bradley Taylor is what they won : the superlative of "  Cutest Couple , " as highlighted in the school yearbook . And until the news went viral , the decision , says Carmel Principal Kevin Carroll , "  has n't really been a big deal in the school . " "  I thought at this stage as we are now , it should n't be a news event . All the reactions are coming from outside . The yearbooks were distributed Wednesday , and we did n't get any calls until someone posted it online , " Carroll , whose school is about 65 miles north of New York City , told CNN Tuesday . Taylor , 17 , said he sees the honor as a great achievement and a turning point for their school . "  At first we were n't able to run because for the title , they were only allowed to pick a boy and a girl , " he told CNN . "  But a bunch of our friends made an uproar , and they changed it . So now you vote ` student one ' and ` student two . ' And I guess a lot of people voted for us and we won . So many people came up to us saying , ` You guys are going to win . ' " A mutual friend introduced the two last year during a Brown University visit . Later on , they started dating . "  I came out to my family a week or two after I started dating Brad , " said Meehan , 18 . "  He was the one encouraging me to come out to them . " "  I feel like both of our families always knew but I told my parents a month before we started dating , " said Taylor . Taylor 's father , Robert Taylor , agreed with Carroll in saying that in this day , it should be no surprise that a gay couple won the "  Cutest Couple " title . "  I think of it as any other normal day . He won . OK . Lots of people win ` Cutest Couple , ' " said the elder Taylor . "  Back in the day it was different races being together , so for me it should n't be anything , " Robert Taylor said . "  He 's very excited that he won . " Bradley Taylor , who has participated in plays at his school , and at a community theater , received a full scholarship to the New York University Gallatin School of Individualized Study . Meehan also will enroll at NYU 's Gallatin in the fall . Chelsea Blaney , another of their friends , posted their yearbook photo together on Tumblr and said she got resoundingly positive reactions . "  Two of my best friends won ` Cutest Couple ' of our senior class , " Blaney said on her Tumblr account . "  First time in my school history a same-sex couple has even been able to run for this category , not to mention winning it . So proud of them , and my school . "	Voted "  Cutest Couple " at Carmel High School : Dylan Meehan and Bradley Taylor For the school it "  has n't really been a big deal , " says the principal "  We did n't get any calls until someone posted it online , " the principal adds A posting on Tumblr brought positive responses , says a friend of the couple
CNN  -- A private memorial service is planned Saturday for British film director Tony Scott , who apparently committed suicide this week in California . Scott , best known for the films "  Top Gun " and "  Beverly Hills Cop II , " jumped from a bridge in San Pedro , authorities said . His death led to reports that the British director suffered from inoperable brain cancer , but his family disputed that he was ailing . Scott , 68 , wrote two notes before his death , including a message left in his Los Angeles office for family members , a coroner official said . A second note detailing contact information was found in his Toyota Prius parked nearby , but the notes did not provide a motive for why he took the suicidal plunge , authorities said . The notes also did not mention any illnesses , diseases or other health issues , Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said . He declined to provide additional details on what the notes entailed . It will be weeks before the findings from an autopsy are made public , the coroner 's office said . "  Our examination is complete , and we will be working towards a comprehensive document once we close the case , " Winter said . An ABC report Monday suggested the director was told by a doctor that he was dying of inoperable brain cancer . The network did not name the source of its information . "  I did talk to the family ... and according to his wife , he did not have brain cancer as reported , and  she  does not know who told ABC that information , which is absolutely false , " Winter said . Scott cemented his reputation for big-budget action films with 1990 's "  Revenge " starring Kevin Costner and "  Days of Thunder " with Tom Cruise . In 1998 , he directed "  Enemy of the State " with actors Will Smith and Gene Hackman . His reputation in Hollywood was low-key . "  He was n't a showy kind of guy , " longtime entertainment reporter Jeanne Wolf said . While Scott 's movies garnered box office success , they never received the acclaim that generated Academy Award nominations . In 2002 , Scott and his brother Ridley won an Emmy for the television movie "  The Gathering Storm . " Scott also was nominated for the Emmy as a producer for the CBS drama "  The Good Wife . " CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	Scott is best known for the films "  Top Gun " and "  Beverly Hills Cop II " He apparently killed himself Sunday by jumping from a bridge in California Scott , 68 , wrote two notes before his death , including a message for family members
London  CNN  -- The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attract crowds of cameramen and hoards of press photographers everywhere they go -- even when they are n't really there . Wax models of William and Kate went on display at Madame Tussauds in London Wednesday , and were immediately swamped by onlookers keen to get close to the "  royal couple . " The figures , which cost more than $ 230,000 each to make , are shown in copies of the outfits they wore when they announced their engagement in November 2010 , complete with a replica of the ring once worn by William 's mother Diana , Princess of Wales . "  Since the royal wedding , guests from all around the world have been asking where is Catherine ? We want to come and have our photo taken with her , " said Madame Tussauds spokeswoman Liz Edwards . "  So we 've recreated the iconic moment where they announced to the world that they are in love with each other . " A team of artists and model makers spent four months working on the couple . Kate 's hair alone took six weeks , each individual strand of real , ethically-sourced human hair inserted by hand . "  It 's really important for us that when people come and stand next to them , that they are seeing a piece of that real person , " said Edwards . Unlike the subjects of most other Madame Tussauds waxworks , the company said William and Kate did not "  sit " for their figures , but St James 's Palace provided all the key measurements , and the finished pieces have been given the royal seal of approval . Other versions of the models will go on display at Madame Tussauds ' attractions in Amsterdam and New York , and in Blackpool , in northern England . In each city , "  Kate " will be shown in a different outfit : A lilac Alexander McQueen gown worn on the couple 's U.S. tour in New York , a black lace Temperley London dress worn to a film premiere in Amsterdam , and a Jenny Packham gown worn at a charity dinner in Blackpool . Early reactions to the new figures suggest they are set to prove almost as popular as the real thing . "  Unfortunately I do n't think we 'll ever get to meet the real ones , " one visitor told CNN . "  This is definitely a good substitute . " "  It 's great , " said another . "  I ca n't see the difference between them and the real people . " Madame Tussaud was born Marie Grosholtz in France in 1761 , and learned to sculpt wax as a teenager -- her early subjects included Voltaire and Benjamin Franklin -- and went on to become a favorite of King Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette . During the French Revolution , she was imprisoned , and later commissioned to create death masks of many of those put to death on the guillotine . In 1802 , she brought her waxworks to Britain and toured the country before settling in London , where she lived until her death in 1850 .	Wax figures of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge unveiled at Madame Tussauds in London The models took a team of artists four months to create -- at a cost of more than $ 230,000 each London waxworks dressed , posed to recreate engagement announcement in 2010 Other models of the couple are to go on display in New York , Amsterdam and Blackpool , England
CNN  -- In the end , it was a single moment that brought the hostage crisis to its dramatic finish . Capt. Richard Phillips , right , stands with U.S. Navy Cmdr. Frank Castellano after Phillips ' rescue Sunday . Three gunshots . All three fatal . Fired in the dark by three specially trained U.S. Navy SEALs as the pirates ' boat rocked in the water off Somalia . "  Phenomenal shots -- 75 feet away , " said Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney , who oversees the region . A senior defense official said each was a shot to the head . Gortney , in an interview Monday with CNN 's "  American Morning , " described critical steps that led to the rescue of U.S. Capt. Richard Phillips , who was taken by pirates after they boarded his merchant ship , the Maersk Alabama , east of Somalia on Wednesday . Four pirates had been holding Phillips in a small lifeboat , which had run out of fuel . "  One of their pirates had left the lifeboat , needed medical attention and jumped onto one of our inflatable boats , " Gortney said . Watch Gortney describe how SEALs shot pirates " Gortney told CNN 's Barbara Starr that the USS Bainbridge rammed the lifeboat Saturday to keep it from trying to return to the Somalian shore about 20 miles away . "  At one point , actually , the two vessels collided " as the captain of the Bainbridge tried to hold off the lifeboat , Gortney said . Gortney , in the "  American Morning " interview , said one of the pirates needed medical attention and "  jumped onto one of our inflatable boats . " Watch report on how Navy deals with pirates " The pirate 's need for medical help was a credit to the Maersk 's crew . When the pirates boarded their vessel , a tussle ensued , during which one of the crewmen stabbed the pirate in the hand . Four days later , the pirate 's departure from the lifeboat to accept U.S. medical help -- and try to negotiate the captive 's release -- left only three for the U.S. snipers to keep their eyes on . The three were tired , Gortney said . "  The sea state was picking up . They agreed for us to tow them into little better waters as the ship was bouncing around . It was very tense . " The on-scene U.S. commander of the Bainbridge , which had come to try to negotiate the captain 's release , could see the three remaining pirates "  were very , very intense . One of them held his AK-47 in the back of the captain . We were always concerned about the imminent danger to the captain . " The pirates had repeatedly threatened to kill Phillips , Gortney said . A Navy SEAL team had parachuted in and taken up positions on the Bainbridge 's back deck . The military had orders from President Obama authorizing lethal force if there was imminent danger . Watch how rescue played out hour by hour " "  At one point , as uncomfortable as the pirates were , they exposed themselves where there was an opportunity , " Gortney said . He gave details of that "  exposure " at a news conference Sunday . He said two of the pirates had their heads and shoulders exposed , while the third was visible in the boat 's pilot house , through a window . "  The on-scene commander saw that one of the pirates still held that AK-47 , was very , very concerned for the captain 's life -- and he ordered the shots to be taken , " Gortney said Monday . Even with the small boat "  moving up and down a couple of feet , " the SEALs hit their targets . "  Remarkable marksmanship , " Gortney said . The moment came at 7:19 p.m.  12:19 p.m. ET  Sunday -- after sundown , military officials say . In the minutes after , a special operations team shimmied along the tow rope to the lifeboat , confirmed that three pirates had been killed and took Phillips back to the Navy ships that had gathered nearby . The fourth pirate was taken into custody . "  These guys -LSB- the SEALs -RSB- are very well trained , they have a lot of experience and there has to be a lot of communication between the shooters and the people making the decision that they all three had shots , that they could make their shots successfully , " retired U.S. Navy SEAL Dick Couch said on "  American Morning . " He added , "  Credit that on-scene commander with making a timely decision . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Mike Mount , and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	"  Remarkable marksmanship " leads to rescue of ship captain , Navy vice admiral says Bill Gortney provides details of rescue of captain held by pirates off Somalia On-scene commander ordered shots when captain 's life seemed in danger , he says Pirates were tired , showed themselves , giving snipers the opportunity , Gortney says
Beijing  CNN  -- The Bo Xilai saga -- the incredible story of elite politics , murder , intrigue and betrayal -- seems to be winding down with the trial and sentencing of Wang Lijun . And yet one question remains open : What will happen to the man once tipped for the top job in China ? Wang , 52 , the former police chief of Chongqing , this week was sentenced to 15 years for defection , cover up , bribe taking and abuse of power . He set off the Bo story on February 6 , when he fled to the U.S. consulate in Chengdu and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was an accomplice in a murder case . Read more : Wang Lijun : the cop at the heart of Bo scandal After his request for asylum was turned down , Wang left the consulate and was taken away by Chinese officials . Wang 's startling accusations triggered a series of events that led to the biggest political scandal to hit China in decades . Read more : China 's Bo Xilai ` implicated ' in murder Gu and family aide Zhang Xiaojun were arrested in early April , suspected of poisoning British businessman Neil Heywood , who died in November in the southwestern Chinese metropolis of Chongqing , where Bo was the Communist Party chief .  Heywood 's death was originally blamed on excessive alcohol consumption . Read more : Gu Kailai , the woman who had it all Shortly after , Bo Xilai , 62 , the charismatic leader tipped for promotion into the highest echelon of power , was stripped of his top posts for "  serious breach of discipline . " In August , Bo 's "  brain-and-beauty " wife , was meted a suspended death sentence after a seven-hour trial . Days later , four senior Chongqing police officers were also sentenced to jail for covering up the murder . Read more : Bo looms large over party leadership These trials and convictions have been carefully scripted and apparently timed to "  deal " with Bo ahead of the planned leadership transition at the 18th Party Congress , which is expected to convene in Beijing sometime in October . China has released official accounts of the Wang Lijun trial , reported by the official Xinhua News Agency and regurgitated virtually word-for-word by the mainstream Chinese media . It said that Wang on January 28 told Bo that his wife was a suspect in the Heywood murder . The next morning , Bo scolded Wang and slapped him in the face , the report said . It tangentially accused Bo of trying to cover up the murder of Heywood . "  The murder of Heywood and the plot to cover it up were precipitating factors , but if the chief actors had all kept quiet , it seemed that they had a good cover story , " said James Feinerman , law professor at Georgetown University in Washington D.C. "  Heywood 's Chinese wife was unlikely to challenge the autopsy , and he had been cremated already . " Why did Wang Lijun decide to betray Bo ? The official story left much room for speculations . "  Something made Wang fearful enough to seek shelter -- perhaps he felt he could n't keep the story under wraps any more , " Feinerman said . "  Once he started relating his fear to Bo , and got a very negative reaction , he knew he was goner . " China said the trials of Gu and Wang shows China 's commitment to dispensing justice no matter who were involved . But legal experts who followed the proceedings , which were closed to the foreign news media and the general public , say that is debatable . Gu and her co-accused , they noted , were deprived of their own legal counsel and forced to accept a government-appointed lawyer . No defense witnesses were called . Defense lawyers did not have a chance to review the prosecution 's evidence or to cross-examine witnesses . Some legal experts say her trial reinforces the widely held notion that despite three decades of legal reform , the Communist Party keeps an iron grip of many judicial proceedings in which law is used as a tool for political needs . Gu Kailai 's statement at her sentencing , thanking the court for its magnanimity , inspired disbelief and ridicule . Ma Jian , an exiled Chinese novelist who lives in London , found her statement scripted . "  Not since Stalin 's show trials of the trials of the 1930s , " he wrote in a blog post , "  has a defendant so effusively praised a judge who seemed bound to condemn her at a trial where no witness or evidence against her was presented . " Said Feinerman : "  Gu Kailai was a highly successful lawyer at one time , but her pitiful plea and acceptance of the sentence she received after being denied the counsel of her choice shows that no one is immune from abuse of law in the PRC . " Ordinary China ridiculed the decision to spare Gu 's life , saying a commoner would have been summarily executed for the murder of a foreigner . On Sina weibo , China 's most popular microblog service , Gu was juxtaposed with Xia Junfeng , a food peddler on death row who fatally stabbed two city management functionaries after they beat him . "  A lawyer who commits premeditated murder gets a suspended death penalty , and a peddler who defends himself gets death , " one posting said . "  This is the Chinese justice system . " Bo Xilai has not been seen in public since April . What fate awaits him ? Experts have offered divided views over whether the party will put Bo before a criminal court or spare him and the leadership of the disgrace by simply meting out disciplinary punishment within the party . "  Some have argued for inner-party disciplinary charges , but that route seems to leave open the possibility of a comeback , " said Joseph Fewsmith , professor at Boston University . "  In any event I still expect a decision before the 18th Party Congress opens . " "  If he  Bo Xilai  is not tried the public will not be satisfied , " said Tong Zhiwei , a law professor at the East China University of Political Science and Law in Shanghai . "  People will be disappointed in the Chinese legal system if the authorities try to protect him from justice . " Fewsmith added : "  The leadership needs to explain what Bo 's crime was , but I think they want to keep the charges narrow -- covering up Gu Kailai 's crimes , possibly corruption . This will no satisfy supporters of Bo , but it avoids the open fight that might come if they raised the ideological issues . " Fewsmith expects the Communist Party 's central committee , the 350-member policy making body , to convene in the next few days to decide on Bo 's status in the party . "  It should accept Bo 's resignation from various posts , " he said . "  That would follow past precedents . " Bo 's defenders have accused foes of exploiting the charges against Gu to topple Bo . He has not been given a chance to defend himself in public . Doubts remain . Wang Xuemei , a leading Chinese forensic scientist working for the Supreme People 's Procuratorate , has cast public doubt on the conviction of Gu Kailai for murdering Heywood . Writing in a blogpost , she noted a "  serious lack of evidence " that Gu killed Heywood . "  I feel very pained , upset and scared that our court believed the theory he was poisoned with cyanide , " she wrote . Her post has since been deleted . CNN 's Ellie-Kate Macalister contributed to this report	Wang Lijun , the former police chief of Chongqing , this week was sentenced to 15 years Lijun set off the Bo Xilai saga when he fled to a U.S. consulate n February Investigation resulted in the murder conviction of Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , in August Question remains : What is going to happen to Bo Xilai , and will he be charged ?
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Deaths in Zimbabwe related to the cholera epidemic are approaching 2,000 , the World Health Organization said Tuesday , and close to 40,000 people have been affected by the preventable water-borne disease . Two men rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border in December . Statistics released by the Geneva , Switzerland-based organization WHO on Tuesday show 1,937 people have died in the raging epidemic from the 38,334 who contracted the disease since its outbreak in August . Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana . The epidemic comes at a time when President Robert Mugabe 's government is facing its worst economic crisis , manifested in shortages of all essentials from food , fuel , cash , foreign currency and electricity and a hyperinflationary economy . Health experts have said Harare 's failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals is the main driver of the disease . Most residents have resorted to rivers and shallow wells for drinking water , because taps are usually dry . On top of that problem , the waste-disposing system has collapsed . Children can be seen playing on heaps of uncollected garbage in the suburbs of most urban areas in Zimbabwe . Last month , Mugabe 's government declared the cholera epidemic a national emergency . Since then , international governments and organizations such as WHO , Doctors Without Borders , Oxfam , USAID and other U.N. groups have moved in to combat the disease that has engulfed all of Zimbabwe 's provinces . But the situation has not immediately improved . Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa warned this month that the epidemic could get worse as the rainy season develops . Harare issued a warning Monday that some parts of the country are going to experience floods during rainy season , further compounding the fight against the disease . The season peaks in January or February and ends in late March . Mugabe and rival Morgan Tsvangirai signed a power-sharing deal in September to run the government after a hotly contested presidential election . It was widely hoped that the deal would be the panacea to the humanitarian and economic problems bewildering the once-prosperous Zimbabwe , but the pact is yet to take effect . The sides continue to debate the sharing of key Cabinet ministries such as information , local government , finance , defense and home affairs .	World Health Organization says 1,937 people have died since outbreak in August Cholera epidemic comes as Zimbabwe faces worst economic crisis Expert : Failure to import adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals behind disease Cholera has spread to neighboring countries South Africa and Botswana
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- How to make money from ballet is a question puzzling many art executives around the world , but one dance group in South Africa is hoping that a new initiative will help keep its curtains from closing for good . South African Mzansi Ballet  SAMB  is a Johannesburg-based professional ballet company comprising both classical and contemporary dancers . But it has n't received any government funding for the last 12 years and is struggling to make ends meet . Angela Malan , ballet mistress at SAMB , says that running the company with very little financial support is not easy . "  It 's a fight all the time , " she explains . "  Business is business -- you have to pay the bills , you have to pay the salaries . So we have to do whatever it takes to make this business and this product sellable and good . " To do exactly that , SAMB joined forces with students from Harvard Business School  HBS  visiting South Africa as part of their Field Immersion Experiences for Leadership Development program , which aims to help HBS students increase their practical experience in the business world . Last month , six business administration students from HBS visited SAMB for two weeks to conduct research and find ways to improve the marketing of the ballet company . "  It 's a fantastic opportunity for us to really get out into the world and see how people run businesses outside of the classroom , " says Jonathan Herbert , one of the students . And as the students gain practical experience , the directors of the ballet company gain marketing advice on how to turn their art form into a sustainable business . "  There are a lot of people out there who are a potential target audience and who are potential target revenue and what 's important is just finding ways of capturing it , " says Herbert . "  So you 're selling experience , " adds Rie Yamamoto , also one of the HBS students . "  It 's not just a posture you 're selling . "  It 's not about tutus or the shoes or whatever ; it 's this special feeling that you feel when you go see the performance ; it 's about the music , it 's about the whole new world that you see on stage and that 's exactly what you 're selling . It 's just the feeling that you get at the theater , so that 's exactly your product . " Watch video : Investing in the arts But apart from simply selling ballet as a product , Harvard professor Sandra Sucher believes that dance companies have to be business savvy to market professional ballet successfully . She says it 's all about taking off your tutu and putting on your business hat . "  I think that there is a discipline to learning how to run yourself as a business organization that is important for an arts company regardless of whether they have government funding , " says Sucher . Dirk Badenhorst , chief executive of SAMB , says it costs about $ 2 million to run a ballet company in South Africa , and ticket sales can not cover all the costs . "  We recoup about a third of our running costs through ticket sales , " says Badenhorst . For the other two thirds , the ballet company has to rely on generous contributions from South African dance lovers . But Badenhorst says that this is not enough and not sustainable for a long-term business plan . "  Our product , which in our case is the luxury brand of ballet , needs to be sold like any other product , because by keeping us like an arts company , you literally keep us on our knees , " he says . During their stay in South Africa , the Harvard students conducted extended interviews with people from all walks of life to find out how to best market ballet . Herbert says they came across genuine excitement for the art form , even in unexpected places , where people little disposable income . "  When we went out to different areas of Johannesburg , certainly to some of the areas like Soweto , where we were n't expecting to find people who would be really interested in coming to see something that perhaps people have a preconceived notion is a European art form , and what was striking was that a number of those people felt that they would actually be very happy to come and see the ballet , to buy tickets , " he explains . "  They were n't afraid of the cost of coming . " Herbert adds : "  It was a very aspirational product for them and the biggest issue was one around transport and whether or not they 'll be able to get here . So it was not so much that they were n't interested , it was just that they did n't necessarily know of the way to come to the performances or know when the performances were on . " One way of combating these issues , Herbert says , is by taking the ballet to the people . Badenhorst certainly agrees . "  It 's also time that we move out of our comfort zones in the big theaters and that we actually start touring again , " he says . "  That we take the ballet to the army , to farmers to the plants of big big companies and businesses , to the real man on the street and to get them to appreciate the beauty and wonder of ballet . " Business advice given , lessons learned , this collaboration between Harvard 's best and SAMB may just be what the South African ballet company needs to keep its dancers on stage .	Harvard students give business advice to ballet company in South Africa South African Mzansi Ballet has n't received government funding in years Running art companies as businesses is crucial to their survival , experts say
CNN  -- Apple has responded to complaints that some photos taken with the iPhone 5 show a purple flare , saying it happens to many smartphones when they 're aimed near a light source like the sun . "  Most small cameras , including those in every generation of iPhone , may exhibit some form of flare at the edge of the frame when capturing an image with out-of-scene light sources , " the company wrote in the support section of its website . "  This can happen when a light source is positioned at an angle  usually just outside the field of view  so that it causes a reflection off the surfaces inside the camera module and onto the camera sensor . " Apple suggested keeping bright light from shining into photos taken with the phone . Readers : Smartphone zombie apocalypse ? "  Moving the camera slightly to change the position at which the bright light is entering the lens , or shielding the lens with your hand , should minimize or eliminate the effect , " the post said . Not surprisingly , some users were n't satisfied with the response . "  You got ta be kidding me apple . You must be . Now I have to protect the camera with my hand when I want to take a picture ? " one user wrote in a thread on Apple 's user forums . "  When a new iPhone comes out , I always buy it . If there is anyone from Apple reading this , I have to tell you that I am pretty disappointed with the product , for the first time . That 's very bad . " Wrote another : "  This purpling has nothing to do with pointing the iPhone 5 at direct sunlight . You can see this purple is occurring in more than just the bright light scenarios . " Some have speculated that the problem is caused by a sapphire cover that Apple added to the phone 's camera . "  The new iSight camera in iPhone 5 features a sapphire crystal lens cover that is thinner and more durable than standard glass with the ability to provide crystal clear images , " Apple wrote in promotional material for the phone . How Apple has changed under Tim Cook Some users also suggested in the forums that a third-party filter on the lens might help . Released Septermber 21 , the iPhone 5 has been Apple 's biggest product launch to date , with more than 5 million sold over its first weekend on the market . But , as often is the case with new tech products , there have been a handful of persistent complaints about the iPhone 5 . Among them , some users have said the phone 's new aluminum casing scratches and dents easily . And Apple 's new map app , which replaced Google Maps for the first time , has been so glitchy that CEO Tim Cook issued an apology . But , overall , reviews have been positive . And on Friday , respected product testers Consumer Reports gave the phone a thumbs-up , calling it the best iPhone yet after running a battery of tests . "  A larger , 4-inch display ; a thinner and lighter profile ; 4G LTE access ; and a host of innovative features all helped the iPhone 5 move up in the ranks , surpassing not only the previous iPhone 4S but also a number of other new Android-based smart phones , " CR wrote on its website . In its review , Consumer Reports actually gave high praise to the phone 's 8-megapixel camera . Did Apple 's fanboy fever peak with Steve Jobs ? "  In the full battery of tests we give to smartphone cameras , the iPhone 5 's camera proved capable of capturing beautifully sharp and vibrant photos , " the report read . CR also gave high marks to the phone 's new turn-by-turn GPS navigation  a feature Android phones already had  and its larger 4-inch screen . Of the map app , Consumer Reports found it "  competent enough , even if it falls short of what 's available for free on many other phones , " and said it expects Apple to improve it . The phone did not , however , top Consumer Reports ' smartphone rankings . The Samsung Galaxy S III retained the top spot , and the Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX also got a higher overall score from the group than the iPhone 5 . Move over iPhone : In China , it 's cool to call on ` Xiaomi '	Apple acknowledges purple flare problem on iPhone 5 Company calls problem common with phones , advises users to shield it from light Still , Consumer Reports says new iPhone is a winner But Samsung Galaxy S III , Droid RAZR MAXX still score higher than new iPhone
CNN  -- Japanese raider Orfevre failed in his bid to become the first non-European trained winner of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe when he was denied by home-grown outsider Solemia at Longchamp Sunday . After a huge last-to-first move , Orfevre was dramatically run down in the final strides by Solemia to give jockey Olivier Peslier his fourth win in the race , breaking thousands of Japanese hearts in the process . Orfevre , already a Triple Crown winner in his home country , looked to be pulling clear of the field as they entered the home straight . But four-year-old filly Solemia responded to her jockey to run down Orfevre , ridden by four-time champion jockey Christophe Soumillon , winning by a head . Although not considered among the favorites heading in to the Longchamp showpiece , Solemia 's victory maintains the successful recent record of fillies in this race . Last year 's winner , Danedream , was also a filly . Thousands of Japanese fans and more than 100 accredited journalists from the country had descended on Paris to witness arguably their best chance at capturing the Arc since Deep Impact in 2006 . Racing-mad Japan has long had designs on Europe 's most prestigious race , having sent their first runner to Longchamp in 1969 . Japanese Horse of the Year Orfevre was widely considered among the favorites for this year 's edition , despite being drawn in the unfavorable stall 18 -- the widest possible berth . Widely considered Europe 's most prestigious all-age race , this year 's running was notable for its high-profile absentees . First Ed Dunlop 's tough filly Snow Fairy , third in this race in 2011 , was ruled out after suffering a slight injury in training . Then defending champion Danedream was sensationally scratched after an outbreak of swamp fever at her training center in Germany . Although Danedream herself is completely healthy , German veterinary authorities immediately slapped a travel ban on all horses entering or leaving the facility , meaning she was unable to make the trip to Paris . With Frankel , rated the best horse in the world , also opting to sit this one out , it appeared to leave the field wide open for Orfevre , who had previously demonstrated form over the mile-and-a-half distance , as well as a devastating turn of foot . Outside of the duel for first place , Masterstroke , ridden by French jockey Mikael Barzalona , finished third . The Aiden O'Brien-trained Camelot , ridden by Godolphin jockey Frankie Dettori , never factored and finished down the field in seventh place .	Outsider Solemia wins Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Runs down Japanese favorite Orfevre in final strides Epsom Derby winner Camelot finishes seventh Last year 's winner Danedream unable to defend the crown
CNN  -- A helicopter crashed Saturday north of Phoenix with preliminary reports of no survivors , authorities said . It was not known how many people were aboard . Witnesses along Interstate 17 reported flames and black smoke about 70 miles north of Phoenix about 11:50 a.m. , said Dwight D'Evelyn , spokesman for the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office . The privately owned UH-1V helicopter was destroyed , said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor . He said there was no early indication of the circumstances of the crash . The helicopter is registered in the Phoenix area , D'Evelyn said . CNN 's David Simpson and John Branch contributed to this report .	No early word on how many were aboard helicopter Crash site is along I-17 about 70 miles north of Phoenix
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An elite U.S. special forces team rescued an American doctor who had been abducted in Afghanistan , but lost one of their own members in the mission , officials said . Dr. Dilip Joseph was freed 11 hours after his captors released two other kidnapped staffers of his nonprofit agency , Morning Star Development , the organization said Sunday . Hours later , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced that "  a U.S. service member was killed in the operation . " A U.S. official said the man who was shot dead belonged to the Navy 's Special Warfare Development Group , more commonly known as SEAL Team Six . The elite unit is the same one that took part in the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , but the official did n't know if the fallen service member was involved in that operation . While he did not delve into detail , Panetta said , "  the special operators who conducted this raid knew they were putting their lives on the line to free a fellow American from the enemy 's grip . " The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said Joseph was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or death when the rescue mission was launched . "  He gave his life for his fellow Americans , and he and his teammates remind us once more of the selfless service that allows our nation to stay strong , safe and free , " President Barack Obama said of the slain U.S. service member , who was not immediately identified . There were conflicting reports about who was behind the kidnappings . ISAF said it was Taliban insurgents , while two local Afghan officials told CNN it was smugglers . The kidnapping of Joseph and the two other Morning Star staff members occurred around 3:30 p.m. Wednesday  6 a.m. ET  , as the three men were returning from a rural medical clinic in eastern Kabul province . "  They were stopped and captured while driving , by a group of armed men , " according to the agency , which sponsors community and economic initiatives in Afghanistan . "  They were eventually taken to a mountainous area about 50 miles from the Pakistan border . " Tribal leader Malik Samad and district chief Muhammad Haqbeen told CNN that Joseph and an Afghan doctor were abducted near the village of Jegdalek in the Sarobi district , just outside Kabul . Morning Star said negotiations began "  almost immediately " between the captors , the hostages and the agency 's crisis management team in Kabul and Colorado Springs , Colorado . In addition to U.S. and Afghan authorities , the agency thanked "  Afghan residents  including  elders and local leaders who made visits and appeals to the captors advocating for the release of the hostages . " The "  on-again , off-again " negotiations lasted three days into Saturday night , when two of the three were released . Morning Star did not release the identities of the two men , citing safety concerns "  because they live and work in the general region . " The group said one of them belonged to its medical staff and the other was part of the organization 's support staff . The two men got out of the area and eventually were taken to a police station , at which time Morning Star and their families learned they 'd been released . The Afghan doctor 's family paid $ 12,000 to the smugglers , who later released him , Haqbeen and Samad said . For its part , Morning Star stated "  categorically that we paid no ransom , money or other consideration " to anyone in securing any of its staffers ' release . Sometime Saturday night , military forces rescued Joseph in a mission ordered by Gen. John Allen , commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Samad and Haqbeen , the two Afghan officials , said the operation took place in Laghman province . "  Today 's mission exemplifies our unwavering commitment to defeating the Taliban , " Allen said in a statement . "  I 'm proud of the American and Afghan forces that planned , rehearsed and successfully conducted this operation . Thanks to them , Dr. Joseph will soon be rejoining his family and loved ones . " Joseph has worked with Morning Star for three years . He serves as its medical adviser , and travels frequently to Afghanistan , the agency said . The doctor appeared to be in "  good condition and uninjured " at Bagram Airfield after his abduction . Morning Star said "  he will receive precautionary examinations and debriefing before returning to his Colorado Springs home , probably within a few days . " His family issued a statement Sunday acknowledging "  harrowing " uncertainty in recent days and extending its "  deepest condolences to the family of the American sailor who died during Dilip 's rescue . " "  We are incredibly grateful for the multiple agencies of the U.S. government that have supported us in this difficult time , and especially the quick response by our military and partner allies to rescue Dilip , " the family said . "  They showed great heroism and professionalism . " Despite the kidnappings of Joseph and its two other staffers , Morning Star reiterated its "  commitment to continue its work " in Afghanistan . Read more : Low-key general thrust into spotlight as he takes over Afghanistan command Read more : U.S. has work cut out to make sure Afghan forces are combat ready Read more : Kazai says assassination try planned in Pakistan CNN 's Barbara Starr , Maria Ebrahimji , Deborah Doft and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The freed doctor 's family thanks U.S. and allied partners , grieves lost U.S. service member Dr. Dilip Joseph was among 3 abducted while returning from a rural clinic , officials say 2 local Afghan leaders say smugglers are responsible ; ISAF blames the Taliban A U.S. official says the man killed in the rescue was a member of Navy SEAL Team Six
CNN  -- Eight people were injured when a public bus crashed into a central Massachusetts home Monday evening , including a mother and her three children who were inside at the time . All were taken to the hospital for minor injuries , according to Chief Stephen Coleman of the Auburn Fire Department . Coleman told CNN that it took an hour and 15 minutes to free the driver , describing the extrication as "  very lengthy and complicated . " Lt. Richard Wolanski of the Massachusetts State Police said the home , which is at the intersection of two side streets , was "  fully compromised . " The cause of the crash is under investigation . In a bit of irony , the side of the bus that is visible from the street is emblazoned with a pitch for advertising opportunities that reads : "  Drive Your Message Home with the Worcester Regional Transportation Authority . "	Eight people suffer minor injuries when a bus drives into a house A mother and three children in the house were among those hurt The house sustained major damage , Massachusetts State Police say
Cupertino  CNN  -- The days of Apple just making your favorite gadgets are over . The company is about to enter the payments services arena taking on PayPal , Google , Facebook , Amazon and others in offering a way to allow you to pay using their system . One of Apple 's big plays at its event in Cupertino was a fingerprint scanner for the newest iPhones , which will allow shoppers to ditch the magnetic strip when they shop in store . But the initial rollout of Apple Pay , in October , is only in the U.S. European and Asian banking systems are already embracing contactless payment , so it 's strange Apple has chosen to focus on its home turf of America first rather than push for an immediate global release . It means customers outside of the U.S. wo n't yet benefit from the new features , and puts Apple in a situation whereby if it does n't move quickly , customers will be happy enough with a card that has the same powers instead . Apple Pay emulates your wallet digitally , and will work with a number of retail stores and banks in the U.S. to allow you to pay with your phone , or in the future your watch . But rather than gear a system towards skimming off the top , or trying to understand users ' buying behavior , Apple is -- presumably -- making the move to sell more devices . Apple was very clear in telling those that watched its event that it wo n't track or store information about where you shop , what you buy , or how much those purchases cost . Apple 's pitch was about empowering the banks and stores . Its decision to roll out in the U.S. first could be because the need is n't so great elsewhere . In the UK , many banks now offer contactless payment cards as standard , while Chip and Pin , rolled out across Europe some time ago , has also been incredibly successful in reducing over the counter fraud . It could also be about Europe 's limit on contactless payments . Trying to explain that you can only use your phone for small purchases is a complicated sell and one that means you are n't likely to ditch your bank cards altogether . In the U.S. , there is no limit . But will Apple 's delay in rolling the service out elsewhere allow others to capitalize on the gap in the market ? Having seen Apple 's new system up close , it is unlikely . However , Apple 's decision to finally jump into the NFC tap-to-pay arena now legitimizes the experience and will only accelerate the adoption of the technology . Is an idea that Visa Europe shares . Steve Perry , the company 's chief digital officer , said Apple 's entry to the market represents a critical piece of the mobile payments jigsaw . He called it a "  pivotal moment " for digital payments , demonstrating the "  momentum behind mobile and contactless services . " It might have taken seven years to get here , but he said Apple 's decision to enter the market "  reflects the scale of opportunity that exists in digital payments today . " Apple 's support will drive usage of contactless services around the world and he anticipates what he calls a "  halo effect " benefiting all mobile payments players . That might sound an exaggeration , but so far contactless payments have very much been a chicken and egg scenario . Companies have waited for mobile phone manufacturers to get on board , and mobile phone makers have delayed getting on board because of a lack of infrastructure . Apple clearly believes that in the U.S. at least , that tipping point has been reached . With the introduction of TouchID last year , Apple had the right technology in place to make it a decent proposition to the banks on the security front . And with Apple now involved , European and Asian banks will no doubt be knocking on the Cupertino-based company 's door begging to be involved . Read more : Apple just got its mojo back Read more : Hands on with the Apple Watch Watch more : See Apple 's new iPhone 6 in :60	Apple introduced its iPhone-linked payment system at its iPhone 6 launch But Apple Pay 's rollout is initially only in the U.S. , despite demand in Europe and Asia Stuart Miles says one reason might be Europe 's established use of contactless payment But , now Apple is involved , the industry will likely get a big boost
CNN  -- Long before company celebrators bench-pressed fax machines , partygoers performed competitive face-plants into ice water , or family members gathered around an aluminum pole to wield complaints at one another , the common people of ancient Rome began to act up . They were the unruly lot during official religious holidays , the ones who were "  raising hell on the streets " while the "  elite were putting on their robes , " said journalist Allen Salkin . The adverb to describe their behavior , he said : Festivus , the Latin world for "  festive . " A few thousand years later , and thanks to a "  Seinfeld " writer whose father had made Festivus a quirky household tradition , a 1997 episode of the famed sitcom popularized the peculiar day . To hear it from Frank Costanza , the character played by Jerry Stiller , the December 23 observance calls for little more than the erection of an aluminum pole , the airing of grievances and the demonstration of feats of strength -- which preferably culminate in wrestling down to the ground and pinning the head of the household . "  People want something that 's nothing , " said Salkin , author of "  Festivus : The Holiday for the Rest of Us , " a book that chronicles the birth and flourishing of this oddly sacred day . "  All the traditional holidays exclude somebody , " but with this one , "  everyone 's in on the joke . " Show us how you celebrate Festivus The Festivus faithful have gathered across the globe and have come together in places as various as seedy bars , campus squares and corporate boardrooms . Citizens , with varied degrees of success , have petitioned to raise Festivus poles beside public nativity scenes . Social networking sites and holiday-specific venues -- like festivusbook.com and festivusweb.com -- are go-to places for those who want to share the cheer , or jeers . For at least eight years , Julianne Donovan , 35 , has been hosting Festivus parties in the Kansas City , Missouri , area . The graphic designer and illustrator said she was drawn to the holiday when her then-company department , which included people of various faiths , decided to trade in the traditional Christmas party for something more inclusive . "  It went over well except for one person who thought it was blasphemous and tried to knock over our Festivus pole , " she said . "  He refused to come to the potluck , was forced to , came , ate all the food and left without saying thank you . Grievances were aired about him . " At her parties , which happen when she feels like throwing them -- perfectly fine , according to Salkin , because "  There 's no pope of Festivus ; you make up whatever rules you want " -- people jot down their grievances and stuff them in the pole . They complain about parking tickets , the economy and their spouses , she said . One of her favorites in recent years read like this : "  What 's up with the dude in the white shoes ? It 's way after Labor Day . " People exchange gifts they 've received and do n't want . Dickies , random hair extensions and shoe-shining kits from the '70s are always appropriate , she said . And feats of strength generally involve thumb-wrestling  costumes for thumbs included  and timed competitions to see who can submerge their face in ice water the longest or hold 3-pound weights to the side for the greatest stretch of time . "  As the hostess , " Donovan made clear , "  I cheat . " Getting in on the fun in recent years is a stairway railing company called Wagner , based in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . Tony Leto , who heads sales and marketing , saw an article about Festivus that Salkin wrote in The New York Times in 2004 , a precursor to his book , and thought cutting up pipes to make aluminum holiday poles would be an easy -- and fun -- side business . Thus was born festivuspoles.com , an outfit that 's answered thousands of requests for the nonsectarian celebratory metal . Leto said he 's received orders from troops in Afghanistan and people living in Australia , though he 's advised across-the-globe customers who can to simply stroll into their local hardware stores and ask for pieces of pipe . When the company sent Wisconsin Gov. Jim Doyle a Festivus pole in 2005 , he put it up in the executive residence . Today it appears in the state 's historical museum . Festivus is n't the only wintertime holiday to be introduced to the masses by television . Fox 's "  The O.C. " brought us "  Chrismukkah " in 2003 and continued the holiday throughout the teen drama series ' run . Chrismukkah was an answer to the winter holiday dilemma for interfaith families .	Festivus , popularized by "  Seinfeld " episode , described unruly ancient Romans Frank Costanza promoted aluminum poles , airing of grievances , feats of strength Nonsectarian December 23 holiday invites everyone to be part of joke , author says Today , Festivus observers gather across globe , in bars and boardrooms , on Web
CNN  -- Branden Grace stepped up his bid for back-to-back tournament wins by taking a four-shot lead at the halfway stage of the Volvo Golf Champions tournament at The Links at Fancourt Friday . The 23-year-old South African carded a seven-under-par 66 to set the pace on 12-under 134 after two rounds . Compatriot Thomas Aiken , who shot 70 , and England 's Lee Slattery , who raced up the field with a best-of-the-day 65 , are his nearest challengers . European Ryder Cup captain Jose Maria Olazabal of Spain showed he is still a force at 45 with an impressive 68 to be alone on fourth on 139 . Grace only received an invitation to the 35-strong champions-only field by winning last week 's Joburg Open and has seized his opportunity in fine style . He was paired with first round leader Nicolas Colsaerts of Belgium , who crashed to a 76 to fall six shots off the pace . Home favorite Ernie Els , fellow three-time major winner Padraig Harrington of Ireland and reigning British Open champion Darren Clarke of Northern Ireland are eight shots off the blistering pace being set by Grace . Meanwhile , Colombia 's Camilo Villegas and David Toms of the United Stages led after the first round of the PGA Tour 's $ 5.6 million Humana Challenge in California . Villegas carded his nine-under 63 on the Nicklaus Private Course and Toms matched him at La Quinta Country Club . South Korean rooke Bae Sang-moon was in the chasing group on 64 with Ted Potter , Brandt Snedeker and Bob Estes . Toms played with star attraction Phil Mickelson , who struggled to a two-over 74 after a triple-bogey seven at the par-four 14th , on the toughest of the three courses used for the tournament . Former U.S. president Bill Clinton , who is set to play with Australian veteran Greg Norman Saturday in the revised pro-am format , was among the watching crowd Thursday . Norman , making his first start on the regular tour since 2009 , carded a 72 .	Branden Grace leads Volvo Golf Champions event at Fancourt by four shots South African cards seven-under 66 for halfway total of 12-under 134 Grace was last man to qualify after winning Joburg Open last week Camilo Villegas and David Toms lead Humana Challenge on PGA Tour
CNN  -- Police and the mother of a 4-year-old California boy clung to hope Thursday for the child 's safety , days after a man allegedly snatched the pre-schooler from his grandmother 's arms then took off . An Amber Alert was issued for Juliani Cardenas , who authorities say was abducted by Jose Esteban Rodriguez in the northern California town of Patterson . "  He  Rodriguez  wanted to be with my son , " Tabitha Cardenas told reporters Thursday , adding that she had broken up with Rodriguez four or five months ago . "  He wanted to be with my son so bad that he took it to the extreme . " Yet authorities feared the worst , after a witness reported seeing a car matching that of the alleged kidnapper plunge into the Delta-Mendota Canal . But they were not able to locate the vehicle during searches Thursday . "  We believe the suspect drove the car into the canal , with little Juliani inside , " Stanislaus County Sheriff Adam Christianson told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  But so far , we have n't been able to locate the car . " Christianson said that the search will resume Friday , with help from the neighboring Merced County sheriff 's department , using side-scanning sonar . The sheriff , though , also held out hope that the witness may have been mistaken -- and Juliani , in fact , never went underwater . "  There 's still hope that we 're going to be able to find Juliani alive , " he said . In an emotional press conference Thursday , the boy 's mother said she believes Rodriguez is troubled -- claiming he told her that he sometimes "  hears voices " and that he had been abusive when they were dating -- but she did not think he would drown her son or consciously put him in danger . Rodriguez is not the boy 's biological father . "  He 's scared , Jose 's scared -- I know he is , " said Cardenas . "  He probably does n't know what to do . " The suspect had come to Cardenas ' house early Tuesday morning , according to the boy 's mother , leaving after she told him to leave because Juliani was asleep and had a cold . The boy 's school later called Tabitha Cardenas after Rodriguez had gone there asking to spend time with the boy . In the late afternoon , Cardenas got a call from her frantic mother , who claimed that the Rodriguez had again come by and , despite her struggle , had taken the boy from the grandmother 's arms . Cardenas said that her mother told her that the suspect then flashed an obscene gesture , laughed and got into his 2003 silver Toyota Corolla , which he had left running . The boy , Juliani , is 3 feet , 6 inches tall , weighs 40 pounds and has brown eyes and black hair , according to the Amber Alert . He was wearing dark pants and a light blue shirt at the time of his abduction . Rodriguez , 27 , is described in the same alert as being a Hispanic male , about 180 pounds and 5 feet , 9 inches tall . Tabitha Cardenas , who broke down several times while addressing reporters , said she especially was worried that her son was not getting enough water or food . She issued an urgent plea to Rodriguez , who she said took their break-up hard but stayed in contact , to drop off her son at a hospital or fire department . "  Please , I need him home , " she said . "  I know he 's telling you that he 's missing me . You need to bring him home . "	An Amber Alert has been issued for Juliani Cardenas , 4 , of Patterson , California Police say he was abducted by Jose Rodriguez , the ex-boyfriend of the boy 's mother The boy 's grandmother says the man took the boy from her arms then fled Police are searching a canal after a tip that the kidnapper drove his car into it
CNN  -- In 1990 , Garen Staglin received a phone call that would change the course of his life . Between his freshman and sophomore years at Darmouth College , Staglin 's son Brandon had schizophrenic break -- a mental episode that is often followed by a diagnosis of schizophrenia . From the moment they learned of their son 's illness , Staglin and his wife , Shari , took on the disease and delved into the world of mental disorders in an attempt to end brain disease and the cultural stigmas attached to them . The Staglins delved into piles of medical resources and found a dense array of research , studies and multiple professional options to the point that they were overflowing with information . As they waded through the options and got their son care he needed , the family realized the need for continued scientific advancements to understand the development of mental illness . So the Staglins , who own Staglin Family Vineyards in Rutherford , California , decided to throw their own small benefit for mental health in their backyard . In 1995 , a small concert series began that harnessed top scientists , donors , and an array of entertainment , fine dining and of course wine . What started out as a community gathering to discuss mental health has turned into a major annual event with celebrity performances , top professionals and a sold out dinner that has raised more than $ 114 million for research efforts . In 2008 , with the growing success of the concert events , Staglin co-founded the International Mental Health Research Organization  IMHRO  which allows for additional financial support across the nation and increases the ability to fund and propose research opportunities that might not otherwise be studied in the field of mental illness . The Staglins wanted to not only to raise cash for fundraising for brain disease but remove the stigma of admitting you or a loved one suffer from one . "  What we need to do is study and get all the basic circuits of the brain identified and understood , and once we have that super highway of information , the off ramp of these illnesses will be much more evident and much more proximate to us , " Staglin told CNN 's Sanjay Gupta . Former Rep. Patrick Kennedy , who comes from one of the most recognizable American families , has been vocal of his battles with addiction and depression . It seemed only natural that when the two men met they would find friendship around a topic that has affected them both personally . Kennedy and Staglin will unite together May 23-25 as they launch their new national initiative , "  The Next Frontier , One Mind for the Brain " -- a new space for scientists , government , industry , academia , philanthropy , patients and their families . "  The Next Frontier " is a reference to Kennedy 's uncle , President John F. Kennedy , who embarked on a scientific mission of his own . Patrick Kennedy : Brain research is the new ` moon shot ' This project aims to be a one-stop shop for the latest and best in specific development and treatments for those suffering from neurological diseases . "  Everything from Autism to Alzheimer 's , the entire spectrum of brain disorders ... we are going to unite the field , " said Staglin . Domestic researchers , clinicians , scientists and policy makers will gather later this month in hopes of trailblazing a new map of the brain . Both Kennedy and Staglin hope this event can serve Americans in the same way the American Heart Association does . Brandon Staglin maintains websites for the winery and the family 's nonprofit research efforts with IMHRO . After taking a year off from Dartmouth College and getting help for his schizophrenia , he graduated with a degree in engineering and is now doing his best to lead a normal life . Brandon Staglin is an example of the success that 's possible with the right support , Garen Staglin said . "  He is a role model for what can happen with people with these kind of illnesses . He is on the right medications , he is medically compliant but he is also very conversant and not in denial about the illness -- and that is the biggest problem with many people . They do n't really want to talk about their disorder ; they want to mask it . " And that 's what the Staglins and Kennedy hope to do for all Americans who suffer with brain disease -- allow those individuals access to the best information possible about treatment options so they can remedy their ailment and live their best life .	Family works to fund brain disease research , remove mental illness stigma Kennedy , Staglin will launch "  The Next Frontier , One Mind for the Brain " May 23-25 "  The Next Frontier " aims to unite the entire spectrum of brain disorders
CNN  A bad week for European football continued on Wednesday when world governing body FIFA announced it will not compensate clubs if the 2022 World Cup is moved to November-December . On Tuesday , Karl-Heinze Rummenigge , the chairman of the European Clubs ' Association , said his organization 's members wanted financial compensation following the proposed change . This was to cover the costs that Europe 's clubs and leagues will spend on rescheduling their championships , many of which run between August and May . But FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke dashed those hopes when speaking in Qatar , the country that will host the 2022 finals . "  There will be no compensation . I mean , they have seven years to reorganize football around the world for this World Cup , " the Frenchman told reporters . "  It is happening once and we are doing nothing that destroys football , " he added . With concerns for both players and fans given the Qatari heat in June-July , a FIFA task force announced on Tuesday that the tournament should be played at the end of the year . Average temperatures in Qatar are around 25 degrees Celsius towards the end of the year , roughly 15 degrees lower than the traditional World Cup months . Valcke also said the duration of the competition would be reduced from 32 to 28 days . FIFA is expected to ratify the proposals when its Executive Committee meets in Zurich on 19-20 March . European clubs had been hoping for the tournament to be played at the start of 2022 . "  UEFA and its National Associations had initially preferred for the 2022 FIFA World Cup to be held in January , " the European governing body said in a statement . "  However , once the FIFA Task Force recommended to stage the competition from late November to late December 2022 , UEFA suggested an option could be for the final to be played on December 23 . " The English Premier League , whose chief executive Richard Scudamore said he was "  very disappointed " by the switch , would prefer the final to be played earlier in order to maintain its traditional Christmas calendar , with matches having been played on December 26 for many decades . Meanwhile , Valcke suggested that the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations , which normally takes place between January and February , will kick off in June because of the delay to the 2022 World Cup . The Confederation of African Football has yet to comment on the matter , having previously stated it will only readjust its calendar once FIFA has confirmed the dates for the Qatar tournament . In an unexpected move , FIFA announced that the 2021 Confederations Cup will not be held in Qatar . The tournament is often described as a World Cup warm-up given that it allows the host nation to fine tune its facilities and conduct a test run some 12 months before the main event . Valcke said the climate rules out Qatar and added that the tournament , which pits the World Cup holders against the hosts and champions of FIFA 's six confederations , will be played "  in an Asian country , " which has still to be determined .	FIFA states that European clubs will not receive any compensation following the proposal to play the 2022 World Cup in November-December . Secretary General Jerome Valcke says financial compensation is not necessary given that clubs have seven years ` to reorganize ' Frenchman says Qatar will not host the Confederations Cup , often labeled the World Cup warm-up , in 2021 2023 Africa Cup of Nations will be played in June , adds Valcke
CNN  -- The life of a tennis professional is tough , but the rewards are plentiful -- and not just in a financial sense . The long trawl around the globe on both the men 's and women 's tours has often been a breeding ground for blossoming courtships , as lovestruck couples decide it is game , set and match while gazing at the figure on the opposite baseline . With Valentine 's Day upon us , CNN World Sport charts the 15 top romances involving the stars of tennis in the gallery above . If you disagree , or think we 've missed any out , let us know in the comments section below the story . Who could forget the enduring romance of Andre Agassi and Steffi Graf , both multiple grand slam winners , whose love was reputedly cemented at the 1999 French Open champions ' ball and is still going strong after 10 years of marriage ? One of the game 's greatest ever players , Roger Federer , met his wife Mirka when the pair represented Switzerland at the Sydney Olympics in 2000 . But it is not all happily ever after . Chris Evert , an 18-time grand slam champion , has served love games to two fellow professionals -- Jimmy Connors and John Lloyd -- only for cupid to return a double fault . Several high-profile recent relationships have proved the kinship between tennis and other sports too , especially golf . Golf star Rory McIlroy , who won the 2011 U.S. Open , is currently dating former tennis world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki . The partnered pair refer to themselves as "  Wozilroy . " Another golfer , Australia 's Adam Scott , has recently rekindled his romance with glamorous Serbian tennis star Ana Ivanovic , the 2008 French Open champion . Tennis has long been linked with showbiz , and high-profile names in the game have often mingled with stars of stage and screen . British pop crooner Cliff Richard 's relationship with 1976 French Open winner Sue Barker made waves in the early 1980s , while Agassi 's brief marriage to American actress Brooke Shields also attracted a deluge of headlines .	CNN World Sport selects the top 15 romances involving the stars of tennis Rich history of tennis love-matches over the sport 's long history Major champions Andre Agassi and Steffi Graf still together after 10 years of marriage Caroline Wozniacki and Rory McIlroy -- known as "  Wozilroy " -- recently started dating
CNN  -- Google 's new Nexus S smartphone has launched . Literally . To celebrate the release of the Nexus S , Google employees constructed seven hobbyist-style air balloons , each containing a phone , and sent them into orbit . In a company blog post chronicling the nerdy stunt , Google 's Zi Wang wrote that the project was intended to help test some of the hardware sensors in the phone . But that could just be a front to convince their bosses they were n't goofing off . Or it could be related to a project Wang mentioned in an interview with New Scientist last week . Google is in talks with a UK satellite manufacturer about contributing the core technology in the Nexus S to help build small satellites , according to that report . "  The phone is powerful enough , " Wang told the science publication . Google says it recovered all seven capsules from the test run . At least one of those reached higher than 100,000 feet  more than 20 miles  . The phones stopped functioning at 60,000 feet -- about twice as high as most planes fly . Not bad for being in space without a helmet . Google says the phones started working again on descent . The company posted several videos about the project on YouTube .	Google sent seven air balloons with Android phones into orbit A product manager at the company says the stunt was to test the phones ' sensors Google has posted several videos to YouTube chronicling the project
Cairo  CNN  -- The man who held Egypt in an autocratic grip for three decades is apparently soon going free . The man who replaced him in the nation 's first democratic election is now the military 's prisoner . And while the criminal case against Hosni Mubarak -- accused of involvement in the deaths of protesters calling for his ouster -- remains alive , news that a court has ordered him released pending retrial naturally has some asking whether Egypt 's Arab Spring moment was all for naught . It 's a good question , says Robin Wright , a Middle East analyst with the Woodrow Wilson Center . But it may also be premature . While she says Mubarak 's pending release is a "  extraordinary development " and a "  potent symbol , " its impact could be muted by the long list of worries Egyptians are already dealing with on the ground -- violence , curfews , economic woes . "  It may not play as big there as it does here , " she said . The 85-year-old Mubarak has been held since shortly after he was removed from power in 2011 . He was convicted last year on charges of inciting violence against protesters during the popular uprising the led to his ouster and , eventually , the elections that brought Morsy to power . Muslim Brotherhood 's spiritual leader is arrested in Egypt He was sentenced to life in prison but appealed , and a retrial was granted early this year . While he still faces a retrial on that charge , state-run media outlet Al-Ahram reported Wednesday that an Egyptian court ordered the deposed leader freed in a separate corruption case . The court ordered Mubarak 's release because he has been held past the maximum time he can be detained before being convicted . Egypt 's military issued a decree to place Mubarak under house arrest , state-run Masriya TV reported . He would be required to remain in the country . Egypt 's general prosecutor has said he will not appeal to keep Mubarak in custody , state media reported , clearing the way for him to be released . He could be out as soon as Thursday , state-run TV channel Al-Masriya reported , citing a Mubarak lawyer . Unrest in Egypt Mubarak 's impending release comes at a time of turmoil in Egypt , where an interim military government has been in charge since Mubarak 's successor , Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood , was ousted as president last month . Over the past week , about 900 people -- security personnel as well as citizens -- have been killed . Deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo on Wednesday last week and violence raged after pro-Morsy supporters staged demonstrations Friday . Mubarak ruled Egypt , the most populous Arab country , for three decades until demonstrators opposing his rule forced his ouster in 2011 as part of the Arab Spring revolutions across Africa and the Middle East . Life during chaos : Egyptians talk about coping Despite the release , there 's no possibility of his return to power , Wright said . "  He 's an old man , and ailing , " she said . Mubarak suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and argued that he was physically unfit to stand trial . He spent months of his detention in a military hospital but was ordered back to prison in April . ` Deeply divided ' Eric Trager , with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , told CNN that Mubarak 's release would likely prompt mixed reactions among Egyptians . "  For many Egyptians , Mubarak 's release will be met with a shrug . Some will cheer it because obviously a regime can not last for 30 years without some societal support , " he said . "  Others will certainly take to the streets in response to it . " But , he added , "  the revolutionary youths who will certainly be outraged by this will probably also worry about finding themselves in the streets alongside the Muslim Brotherhood . " Egyptian tourism in crisis According to Trager , many Egyptians now believe -- thanks to a persistent state media campaign since Morsy was ousted -- that the Muslim Brotherhood was responsible for the deaths of protesters during the 2011 uprising , not the Mubarak regime . As for the timing of the court 's ruling , some Egyptians may see a conspiracy behind it in which the old regime seeks to reassert power following Morsy 's ouster , Trager said . "  Others , who see this as a normal , understandable process in which a leader who they now associate with a better time in Egypt is now being released , will give a different response , " he said . "  I expect that Egyptians will be divided on this as they have been deeply divided in every point of the last two-and-a-half years . " Tamarod , the anti-Morsy protest movement which called for the mass rallies that led to his ouster , said it was not surprised by the ruling on Mubarak 's release . In a statement on its official website , the group blamed Morsy 's administration for failing to do enough to push Mubarak 's trial forward . The group called for a retrial of the former president , with new evidence before the court , and for Morsy to be put on trial as well . The military , which has governed Egypt since forcing Morsy out of office , continues to hold him in detention and controls the judiciary . Egypt explained : 6 key questions CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Cairo and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Slma Shelbayah , Tommy Evans and Saad Abedine , Michael Pearson and journalist Sarah Sirgany contributed to this report	NEW : Egypt 's military issues a decree placing Mubarak under house arrest , state TV says Analyst Robin Wright says Mubarak 's pending release is an "  extraordinary development " But she says it could be diminished amid long list of Egyptian worries He was convicted in the deaths of numerous protesters but was granted a retrial this year
London  CNN  -- Authorities arrested eight people Saturday -- including five journalists of Britain 's bestselling Sun newspaper -- as part of an inquiry into alleged illegal payments to police and officials . The other three are a police officer , an employee of the Ministry of Defence and a member of the armed forces , the Metropolitan Police said . A search was carried out at News International 's offices in east London , the police said , as well as the homes of those arrested . News International , which owns the Sun , is a U.K. subsidiary of media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. . Following the arrests , Murdoch , chairman and CEO of News Corp , issued a personal assurance to one of his executives to continue to own and publish The Sun newspaper , according to an internal staff memo sent by News International Chief Executive Tom Mockridge . Mockridge also said he was "  very saddened " by the arrests of deputy editor Geoff Webster , picture editor John Edwards , chief reporter John Kay , chief foreign correspondent Nick Parker , and John Sturgis , who is a news editor . The five journalists were arrested at their homes , police said . "  I understand the pressure many of you are under and have the greatest admiration for everyone 's continued professionalism , " Mockridge wrote . "  The Sun has a proud history of delivering ground-breaking journalism . You should know that I have had a personal assurance today from Rupert Murdoch about his total commitment to continue to own and publish The Sun newspaper . "  Today we are facing our greatest challenge , " Mockridge said . The Sun 's editor , Dominic Mohan , said in a statement : "  I 'm as shocked as anyone by today 's arrests but am determined to lead The Sun through these difficult times . "  I have a brilliant staff and we have a duty to serve our readers and will continue to do that . Our focus is on putting out Monday 's newspaper . " Mohan has said the paper has a readership of more than 7.7 million . The arrests are part of Operation Elveden , an investigation running in parallel with a police inquiry into alleged phone hacking by the media , the police statement said . Late Saturday , all eight people were released after posting bail , police said . News Corp. 's Management and Standards Committee said it had provided the information to the Elveden investigation which led to Saturday 's operation . Elveden has been widened out to include alleged corruption involving public officials , as well as the police . The five journalists , with ages between 45 and 68 , were arrested at their residences in London , Kent and Essex on suspicion of corruption , aiding and abetting misconduct in a public office , and conspiracy in relation to both offenses , police said . News Corp. said in a statement that it "  remains committed to ensuring that unacceptable news gathering practices by individuals in the past will not be repeated . " The other three suspects were arrested on suspicion of corruption , misconduct in a public office , and conspiracy in relation to both these offenses . A 39-year-old officer with Surrey Police is being questioned at a London police station , the Met Police said . The Ministry of Defence employee , a 39-year-old woman , is being questioned at a police station in Wiltshire , as is the member of the armed forces , a 36-year-old man . The police said the operation "  relates to suspected payments to police officers and public officials and is not about seeking journalists to reveal confidential sources in relation to information that has been obtained legitimately . " The Ministry of Defence said it was a matter for the Metropolitan Police and that it could not comment on an ongoing police investigation . The latest arrests come two weeks after four current and former Sun employees and a London police officer were arrested in connection with Operation Elveden . News Corp. established its Management and Standards Committee in the wake of the summer 2011 scandal over alleged hacking of voicemail , which led to the closure of the News of the World Sunday tabloid . The revelation that a murdered 13-year-old girl 's phone was hacked by journalists in search of stories -- and that many other crime and terror victims , politicians and celebrities had also been targeted -- prompted widespread outrage in Britain . News Group Newspapers , part of News International , paid out hundreds of thousands of pounds this week to settle lawsuits over phone hacking from celebrities and politicians , including a former Tony Blair spokesman , Alastair Campbell . The latest settlements meant News Group Newspapers has settled 59 of the 60 lawsuits against it . British Prime Minister David Cameron set up an independent inquiry into press ethics and practices in response to the scandal . Mohan defended his newspaper in testimony before the Leveson Inquiry earlier this month . "  The Sun is a private enterprise that performs a public duty with a public interest : to inform a mass readership so that British democracy can function properly , " he said in a written witness statement . "  The Sun is occasionally boisterous and often cheeky but it is always a loyal companion to our readers , male and female . It relates to them in a more passionate way than any other title and in doing so it has become Britain 's best-selling newspaper . " Two parliamentary committees are also investigating the scandal . There have been 17 arrests in relation to Operation Weeting , the phone-hacking inquiry , and 21 in connection with Operation Elveden . Three people have been arrested in connection with both investigations . A third police inquiry is investigating alleged email hacking . No one has been charged . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : All eight are free after posting bail , police say Rupert Murdoch will continue to own and publish Sun , an executive says The executive names the five Sun employees who 've been arrested A police officer , a member of the military and a Ministry of Defence employee were also arrested
CNN  -- One summer day back in 2008 , fisherman Ali Omar went to see Daniela Bleattler , a Swiss photographer living in Lamu , the beautiful island off the Kenyan coast . Struggling to make a living , Omar asked Bleattler if she had a job for him . Bleattler did n't , but asked him instead whether he could help her find any "  tanga , " the old sails from the traditional dhows that she loved . A couple of days later , the local fisherman returned with a magnificent brownish old sail , weathered by years of salt and storms from navigating the Indian Ocean waters . "  It had a big hole in the center created by the wind and the old age of the material , " remembers Bleattler , who at the time had just come out of a relationship . "  I just laughed and said to him , ` if I do a big red heart around it , this will look just like my broken heart at the moment . ' " So Omar left again to return this time with tins of red and black paint he used for his dhow . Together , they started painting a big red heart around the hole ; once done , Bleattler dipped the brush into the black paint and added the words "  Love Again Forever Whatever . " Read this : Fishing craft to foosball tables , furniture to float your boat "  We looked at it and we just loved it so much , " says Bleattler . "  I said I think we should frame it and put in the shop of a friend of mine . " Less than two hours later , an American couple walked into the art store and stood in front of the broken heart holding hands . "  They said ` that is beautiful , how much is it ? ' " recalls Bleattler . "  I had no idea and I just kind of said a  very expensive  price but they said ` well , we want it " -- it started exactly like this . " Ali Lamu What started was Ali Lamu , a business launched by Omar and Bleattler producing anything from whimsical paintings and high-end handbags to beautiful bed covers and cushions . Six years after their first sale , they have sold several broken hearts -- as well as other designs -- to customers from all over the world . Everything is handmade , created from old fishing material and whatever washes up on the shores of Lamu . "  We are making more and more , " says Bleattler . "  We are actually in the process of thinking wider and bigger . " Read this : Artist 's spectacular glasses ` give trash a second chance ' Ali Lamu , which is also the name some locals use for Omar , has 34 permanent staff and sometimes employs as many as 70 people . The business has a couple of workshops on the island but most of the craftsmanship is done in the artisans ' homes . These are people who are usually Omar 's family members , friends and other local fishermen . "  Ali 's family is happy because of this business because they all have a job from this company . " says Juma Kilonzo , a friend and artisan . "  We are the friends so we are close now like brothers , " he adds . "  So we also depend on this company . " "  Wake Up And Love " The artisans also paint thoughtful and uplifting messages on many of their designs , promoting love , peace and care for the environment -- slogans like "  Wake Up And Love , " "  The Only Way to Save The World Is With My Heart " and "  Heart That Loves Never Gets Old . " "  I just close my eyes and see what the day brings , " says Bleattler , describing where she draws inspiration for the messages adorning Ali Lamu 's one-of-a-kind creations . "  Depending on the mood of the day , " she continues , "  what is going on around the world and the people around me -- the fishermen , the people I 'm working with are my big inspiration , so it 's from them I find all these sayings . " The company sells its designs from a small boutique on Lamu , mostly to tourists . But one of the main challenges for the business has been a drop in the number of people visiting the stunning island recently . Lamu , which is listed as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO , is very close to Somalia and has previously been targeted in terror attacks . Watch this : Lamu deals with the tourism blues "  We do survive because of exports , otherwise we would n't make it , " says Bleattler . In hopes of attracting a bigger clientele , they 've put themselves online so that people from all over the world can see their works and make custom orders . "  In 10 years I hope Ali Lamu can be all over the world , " says Omar . "  So my company has a really good life . "	Ali Lamu turns old fishing material and recycled items into artwork and handicrafts The handmade creations are mostly made by old dhow sails , or ` tanga ' in Swahili The artisans paint thoughtful messages on the creations promoting love and peace Clients can buy Ali Lamu 's offerings from a small boutique on the island or online
Rome  CNN  -- The Catholic cardinals gathered in Rome voted Friday to begin the secret election , or conclave , to elect a new pope next Tuesday afternoon , the Vatican said . The 115 cardinal-electors taking part in the conclave will enter the closed-door process after a morning Mass , the Vatican said . Only cardinals younger than 80 are eligible to vote . Selecting a pope : A digital interactive The cardinals voted Friday morning to accept the letters of explanation of two cardinal-electors who are eligible to vote for the next pope but will not attend the conclave : Keith O'Brien of Scotland and Julius Riyadi Darmaatmadja of Indonesia . Darmaatmadja cited health reasons , and O'Brien cited personal reasons . Abuse victims ' group names preferred picks for new pope O'Brien resigned in scandal last week after allegations that he made sexual advances toward young men studying to be priests . He apologized in a statement Sunday , saying , "  There have been times that my sexual conduct has fallen below the standards expected of me as a priest , archbishop and cardinal . " Since Monday , the cardinals have been uniting for what are known as General Congregations , a series of meetings in which they discuss the issues facing the church . These include how to tackle the issue of child sex abuse by priests and a scandal over leaks from the Vatican last year that revealed claims of corruption within the Roman Catholic Church hierarchy . Opinion : How to pick a new pope ` Move our church forward ' Some cardinals took to the Internet to make comments before Friday afternoon 's meeting that set the conclave date . Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana , viewed as one of about a dozen leading candidates to become pope , used Twitter to ask for prayers . "  Your continued prayers help us discern God 's will . To move our Church forward , " wrote Turkson , who if elected would become the first African pontiff since Pope Gelasius I died more than 1,500 years ago . Another leading candidate , Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York , told the people of his archdiocese in a blog post Friday that he misses New York and is sorry he wo n't be there on St. Patrick 's Day . "  Heartfelt thanks for your prayers ! We need them ! We feel them ! Keep them up ! " Dolan wrote . Cardinal Roger Mahony , the retired archbishop of Los Angeles , also asked for prayers before Friday evening 's meeting . "  I hope we vote this evening to set the starting date for the Conclave ; preceded by the Mass to Elect a new Pope . Prayers , please !! " he posted to Twitter . Electronic shield The chimney used to send up the smoke signals that announce whether or not a new pope has been elected could be raised over the Sistine Chapel on Friday , said the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman . The voting takes place inside the chapel , beneath the ornate ceiling painted by Michelangelo . Opinion : What the next pope will face The building was closed to tourists Tuesday and will remain so for the foreseeable future , the Vatican said . Work is well under way to transform it for the conclave . The cardinals have sworn an oath of secrecy . Nonetheless , the Vatican is taking no chances . An electronic shield will be put up around the conclave to prevent the use of mobile phones and other devices that might allow communication with the outside world . What Africans want from the next pope However , Lombardi denied a report in the Italian media that the cardinals will be searched as they go in and out of the conclave . Among the things the cardinals have to do is draw lots for which rooms they get at the Casa Santa Marta , the hotel within the walls of Vatican City where they stay during the conclave . The hotel also contains a suite where the newly elected pope will live for a few weeks before moving to the papal apartments . The apartments were placed under seal after Benedict XVI left last week and must be renovated before the new pope can take up residence , the Vatican said . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . Hada Messia in Rome and Jason Hanna in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Before Friday 's meeting , several cardinals took to the Internet to request prayers The secretive election for a new pope will start Tuesday The chimney that sends smoke signals could be raised over the Sistine Chapel on Friday The 115 cardinal-electors will draw lots for the rooms in which they stay during the conclave
The United States said Thursday it flew stealth bombers over South Korea to participate in annual military exercises amid spiking tensions with North Korea . The B-2 Spirit bombers flew more than 6,500 miles from Whiteman Air Force Base in Missouri to South Korea , dropping inert munitions there as part of the exercises , before returning to the U.S. mainland , the U.S Forces in Korea said in a statement . The mission by the planes , which can carry both conventional and nuclear weapons , "  demonstrates the United States ' ability to conduct long range , precision strikes quickly and at will , " the statement said . The U.S. military 's announcement earlier this month that it was flying B-52 bombers over South Korea to participate in the routine exercises prompted an angry reaction from the regime of Kim Jong Un , which has unleashed a torrent of threats in the past few weeks . Analysis : What 's Kim Jong Un up to ? There was no immediate reaction to the U.S. statement Thursday from the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency . "  The United States is steadfast in its alliance commitment to the defense of the Republic of Korea , to deterring aggression , and to ensuring peace and stability in the region , " the statement said , using South Korea 's official name . "  The B-2 bomber is an important element of America 's enduring and robust extended deterrence capability in the Asia-Pacific region . " The disclosure of the B-2 flights comes a day after North Korea said it was cutting a key military hotline with South Korea , provoking fresh expressions of concern from U.S. officials about Pyongyang 's recent rhetoric . There are several hotlines between North and South Korea . "  North Korea is not a paper tiger so it would n't be smart to dismiss its provocative behavior as pure bluster , " a U.S. official said Wednesday . North Korea 's threat : Five things to know U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel spoke by phone to his South Korean counterpart , Kim Kwan-jin , on Wednesday evening , Pentagon Press Secretary George Little said , noting the "  heightened tension on the Korean Peninsula . " U.S. officials concerned over North Korea 's ` ratcheting up of rhetoric ' The recent saber-rattling from Pyongyang has included threats of pre-emptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea , as well as the declaration that the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 is null and void . On Tuesday , the North said it planned to place military units tasked with targeting U.S. bases under combat-ready status . Most observers say North Korea is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile , but it does have plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles . Tensions escalated on the Korean Peninsula after the North carried out a long-range rocket launch in December and an underground nuclear test last month , prompting the U.N. Security Council to step up sanctions on the secretive regime . Pyongyang has expressed fury over the sanctions and the annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises , which are due to continue until the end of April . The North has claimed that the exercises are tantamount to threats of nuclear war against it . Sharp increases in tensions on the Korean Peninsula have taken place during the drills in previous years . The last time the North cut off military communications with the South was during similar exercises in March 2009 . Korean nightmare : Experts ponder potential conflict	The planes flew to South Korea and back in one mission , the U.S. says It says the flights show its ability "  to conduct precision strikes quickly " U.S. and South Korean defense chiefs spoke by phone Wednesday evening A previous announcement about B-52 flights over South Korea angered the North
CNN  -- Between games , practices , travel and promotional appearances , you 'd think that the NBA 's multimillionaire stars would be too busy . But most NBA players say they find time to play video games every day . In fact , the NBA claims that 85 percent of its players are gamers . "  I would say I play about three or four hours every night , " says Orlando Magic Center Dwight Howard . "  I 'm a night owl , so after games I 'm up till about 4 or 5 a.m. playing video games . " "  That 's all I do , " says Oklahoma City Thunder forward Kevin Durant . "  If I 'm not on the court , I got the controller in my hand . " "  With the schedule we have this year , I do n't get to play as much as I want to , " says LeBron James of the Miami Heat . "  But whenever I get some down time I play some Xbox . " As the NBA playoffs get under way , half the league 's players are done for the season , giving them more free hours to fire up their video game consoles . The other half will have extra time off between playoff games , thanks to the league 's stretched-out postseason schedule . "  I play a little bit , but I played more during the summer , " says Rajon Rondo of the Boston Celtics . "  This season is so crammed , it 's tough . " The league 's rising young stars are n't immune from the thrills of gaming , either . Ricky Rubio  Minnesota Timberwolves  , Kyrie Irving  Cleveland Cavaliers  and John Wall  Washington Wizards  , made a pit stop while in Orlando for the 2012 NBA All-Star Game to check out the new "  NBA Live 13 " game at Electronic Arts ' Tiburon studio -- the developer behind sports franchises like "  Madden NFL 12 , " "  NCAA Football 12 " and the new "  Tiger Woods PGA Tour Golf 13 . " NBA fans will have a choice of simulation games next season when "  NBA Live 13 " tips off against "  NBA 2K13 . " It 's been a few years now that gamers , and NBA players , have had no choice in pro-hoops games  outside of the arcade game , EA Sports NBA Jam  . "  I 'm excited they brought ` NBA Live ' back , " says Durant . "  I have n't talked to anybody yet  about the cover  . I 'm sure I 'll get a call here in a few hours or a few days or so . I have n't heard about it , this is my first time . I 'm excited . " Durant was the cover athlete for "  NBA Elite 11 , " a rebranding of EA Sports ' basketball franchise that was canceled because of horrible community reaction to the glitchy gameplay . But he 's still up for being on the cover of the new game . "  I 'm a ' 2K ' person now , " says Andre Iguodala of the Philadelphia 76ers . "  I might give ` NBA Live 13 ' a try , but ' 2K ' has taken over the basketball scene . " Although a knee injury to New York Knicks sensation Jeremy Lin knocked him out for the season , he 's still playable in "  NBA 2K12 " -- and his gameplay has improved thanks to not one , but two player rating upgrades by developer Visual Concepts . "  I actually do n't know the exact numbers , but I know for a while I was in the 50s , I believe , " Lin says . "  I think ESPN had me as the 467th best player out of 500 or something like that coming into the season . " Now that Lin has earned a 75 in the game , up from 56 when he was a bench player , he 's not focusing on how high his player rating can go . "  I 'm not really too worried about that , " he says . "  I do n't have a set number or goal , but it 's cool to be able to hear about progressing . That 's the important thing , is that me and my team continue to improve . As long as we 're headed up , I think we 're good to go . " New York Knicks star Carmelo Anthony is happy for his teammate 's player rating upgrade . "  It 's getting up there , " he says . "  It should be in the 90s . If I have a chance to play ' 2K12 , ' he 's definitely in my starting lineup . " But not everyone is crazy about their NBA 2K12 player ratings . And yes , they do check out their in-game attributes . "  I like some of the ratings , but I feel like some of them could be increased a little bit , " says Utah Jazz forward Gordon Hayward . "  Defensively , I think they 've got my grade a little low . I think they had one of my teammates , Al Jefferson , a better perimeter defender than me . I was like , ` Come on now , that ca n't happen . ' With time , they 'll probably increase them , so I 'm not too worried about it . " Utah Jazz teammate Jeremy Evans , winner of the NBA All-Star Slam Dunk Contest , would also like to see his player ratings in NBA ' 2K12 ' improved . "  When I play ' 2K12 , ' and sometimes I play as myself , I get mad , " he says . "  It 's like , ' I would have dunked that in the NBA . ' It 's a great game , but sometimes they do n't actually make you like you want to be made . " Evans grew up on sports games like "  Double Dribble " and "  NBA Live " on the Nintendo 64 and now plays "  FIFA 12 " and the "  Call of Duty " series . When it comes to video games , some NBA players will try anything . "  I played everything ... football games , basketball games , baseball games , Donkey Kong , and all of that , " says Los Angeles Clippers star Blake Griffin . "  Actually , probably my favorite game to play is ` Tiger Woods Golf . ' It 's always been fun . I 've played it for a long time . " So the next time you 're on Xbox Live , it may just be an NBA All-Star in that game world with you .	The NBA claims that 85 percent of its players are gamers Thunder forward Kevin Durant . "  If I 'm not on the court , I got the controller in my hand " NBA fans will have a choice of simulation games when "  NBA Live 13 " tips off against "  NBA 2K13 "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan aircraft bombed a section of eastern Libya on Wednesday as leader Moammar Gadhafi tried to retake control of an area seized by rebel forces . A CNN crew saw the aircraft drop two bombs near al-Brega , a town in the east with key oil and natural gas facilities . Later , a military aircraft dropped a third bomb . People on the ground shot and threw whatever they could at the aircraft , then fled . After one of the attacks , people carrying stretchers were seen running to the site of the bombing . Fighting also raged on the ground , as Gadhafi 's forces tried to take control of a university in al-Brega . A doctor told CNN there were four dead and 23 wounded at his hospital in the area , all victims of gunshot wounds . Residents of the town said the rebels maintained control of al-Brega , repelling Libyan ground forces . Earlier Wednesday , military aircraft bombed military camps on the outskirts of the town of Ajdabiya , a tribal leader said . The tribal leader , who did not want to be identified for safety reasons , said youths in Ajdabiya were massing and heading toward the conflict area to help defend the town , which has been in the control of rebel forces in recent days . Some military bases in eastern Libya have fallen into the hands of rebels as more members of the military have abandoned Gadhafi 's regime and joined the opposition . The bombings could support calls for the imposition of a no-fly zone over Libya to prevent such attacks . The United States has said all options are on the table . Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said imposing a no-fly zone would be "  an extraordinarily complex operation . " Senator John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Wednesday that , while Libyans are not asking for foreign troops on the ground , they need "  the tools to prevent the slaughter of innocents on Libyan streets , and I believe that the global community can not be on the sidelines while airplanes are allowed to bomb and strafe . A no-fly zone is not a long-term proposition , assuming the outcome is what all desire , and I believe that we ought to be ready to implement it as necessary . " The Arab League met Wednesday to consider a resolution rejecting foreign military intervention in Libya , where protesters have been demonstrating for weeks , calling for more freedoms and for the longtime ruler to step down . "  We perceive what happened and what is happening is an internal affair that is decided by the people and their governments , " the Arab League said in a statement . As Gadhafi 's forces launched their attacks , the 68-year-old leader warned that "  thousands and thousands of people will be killed " if the United States or NATO "  intervene in our country . " In another of his trademark , rambling speeches carried live on state television , Gadhafi continued to claim that there are no peaceful Libyan protests , only al Qaeda-backed efforts to tear the country apart . He blamed the problems on former prisoners at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , who were released to Libya and then freed by Libyan authorities after they pledged to reform . He said they turned out to be members of al Qaeda sleeper cells -- but insisted that his country is "  stopping al Qaeda from flourishing " and preventing Osama bin Laden from moving into North Africa . Gadhafi , who has ruled Libya for more than 41 years , also denied having any assets besides "  history , the people , the glory -- not the American dollars or the oil . " The speech lasted about 2-1/2 hours . He also spoke Wednesday with Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez , according to the Venezuelan Ministry of Popular Power . Later , several thousand people , including many young men and women , took part in a pro-Gadhafi rally in Tripoli 's Green Square . Some residents of the capital have told CNN they want to protest Gadhafi but fear being killed by his forces . And some have said Gadhafi forces have dragged residents into the streets and forced them to take part in rallies praising the leader . A spokesman for the Libyan government , Musa Ibrahim , told CNN that assertions of widespread military attacks on peaceful demonstrators are wrong . "  This is an armed rebellion , with people going around attacking police stations , army offices , getting a hold of guns and attacking , " he said . He said the government had supported the initial peaceful protests , but said al Qaeda supporters have hijacked that movement "  and they are leading the country into chaos . " Asked for evidence , he said , "  We have captured dozens of these people , we have figures , we have interviews , we are willing and prepared to take these people and show them on international media . " But numerous witnesses have described indiscriminate killings and attacks . The International Criminal Court announced it is opening an investigation into Libya . "  Following a preliminary examination of available information , the prosecutor has reached the conclusion that an investigation is warranted , " the court said in a statement . The court said it is focusing on what it considers "  the most serious crimes of concern to the international community . " No possible charges or violations were listed in the statement . The conflict between Gadhafi 's government and opponents , in its third week , followed protests in neighboring Egypt and Tunisia that ousted those countries ' leaders . International efforts to persuade him to follow the message of protesters and step down have also ratcheted up . The U.N. General Assembly adopted a resolution Tuesday to suspend Libya from its seat on the 47-member chamber Human Rights Council . It was the first time the assembly had suspended a member of the council . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the General Assembly that he welcomed the decision and urged the international community to investigate allegations of human rights violations in Libya . "  The world has spoken with one voice , " he said . "  We demand an immediate end to the violence toward civilians and full respect for their fundamental human rights , including those of peaceful assembly and free speech . " He added that reports from the ground "  are sobering , " with deaths and ongoing repression . "  Arms depots and arsenals have reportedly been opened to gangs who terrorize communities . There are reports that government forces have fired indiscriminately on peaceful protesters and bombed the military bases in the east of the country , " Ban said . "  The death toll from nearly two weeks of violence is unknown , but likely to exceed 1,000 , " with thousands more wounded , he added , using the same fatality figure he had used Friday . Libya 's ambassador to the United States estimated Monday that the death toll was about 2,000 . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , the leader 's 38-year-old son who has spoken on behalf of the regime during the protests , told CNN Tuesday that his talks with the opposition were in "  chaos " because the opposition is divided , with no clear leaders . U.S. officials made similar comments about the opposition . A U.S. official who wanted to remain anonymous because the official was not authorized to speak on the record said it is "  unclear who the leaders in the opposition are and that makes it difficult " for the United States to provide assistance . The capital city of Tripoli remained under the control of Gadhafi 's rule , though opposition forces have taken control of the eastern city of Benghazi and a number of other cities . The U.N. refugee agency reported that nearly 150,000 people had crossed Libya 's borders into Egypt and Tunisia , and thousands more were arriving hourly at the borders . Ban called for immediate action by the international community . "  Time is of the essence , " he said . "  Thousands of lives are at stake . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz , Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Ivan Watson , Eve Bower , Jim Boulden , Frederik Pleitgen , Richard Roth , Jack Maddox , Whitney Hurst and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report	A pro-Gadhafi rally takes place in Tripoli 's Green Square The Libyan military drops three bombs over al-Brega area An Arab League statement rejects foreign intervention International Criminal Court opens a Libya probe
CNN  -- The first American to orbit the Earth has undergone successful heart surgery . Former Sen. John Glenn , 92 , had a heart valve replaced last month at the Cleveland Clinic , according to Hank Wilson , director of communications for the John Glenn School of Public Affairs at the Ohio State University . "  He 's in great shape , " and is at home in Columbus , Ohio , recovering , Wilson said . Glenn , piloting the Mercury space capsule dubbed Friendship 7 , became the first American to orbit Earth on February 20 , 1962 , circling the planet three times in just under five hours . He is the last surviving of the original seven U.S. astronauts from Project Mercury . In 1998 , at age 77 , he flew a nine-day mission aboard the space shuttle Discovery , becoming the oldest person to travel in space . Glenn , a Democrat , served as a U.S. senator from 1974 until 1999 , and ran for president in 1984 .	The first American to orbit the earth has undergone successful heart surgery . John Glenn also was a U.S. Senator for over 20 years
CNN  -- Nicknamed "  The Gazelle " on account of her graceful running style and speed around the track , France 's Marie-Jose Perec is one of the greatest female sprinters of modern times , and also the most troubled . Perec : the "  Greta Garbo " of athletics . Born on the French-governed island of Guadeloupe , she was introduced to sprinting by her school gym teacher who , the first time she saw her run , was apparently so surprised by the girl 's speed over 100 meters she asked her to do it again because she was convinced her stop-watch had malfunctioned . Her long legs -- by the age of 13 she was already 5 ' 10 "  1.78 meters  tall -- made Perec ideally suited to 200 - and 400-meter running , and after her move to Paris in 1984 , aged 16 , her potential was swiftly spotted . Her competitive career got off to an uncertain start when she was disqualified from her first major tournament -- the French Inter-School Championships -- for stepping out of lane . Thereafter , however , her trajectory was inexorably upwards . Although she only reached the 200-meter quarterfinals in her first Olympic appearance -- in 1988 , in Seoul -- four years later , in Barcelona , she swept all before her , beating defending champion Olha Bryzhina by two meters to win the 400-meter gold in 48.83 seconds . She successfully defended her title in Atlanta in 1996 , holding off Australia 's Cathy Freeman in a thrilling final to win in 48.25 seconds , an Olympic record and the third fastest women 's 400-meters time ever posted . In the process she became the first athlete , male or female , to retain an Olympic 400-meter title . Controversy and illness Three nights later she made history again by winning the 200 meters -- in 22.12 seconds . No other runner in a non-boycotted Olympics had ever before won both 200 - and 400-meter titles in the same Games , although America 's Michael Johnson emulated her feat 20 minutes later . Despite her enormous success on the track , Perec 's career has been dogged by controversy and illness . She has had a number of highly publicized run-ins with the French athletics authorities , and is renowned for her obsession with privacy  she has been dubbed "  the Greta Garbo of athletics "  . In 1998 she has diagnosed with Epstein-Barr disease , or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome . In 2000 she caused a scandal by storming out of the Sydney Olympics where her showdown with archrival Cathy Freeman had been one of the most highly-anticipated races of the Games . Freeman went on to win the title . Since Sydney Perec has not raced competitively . After a planned comeback at the 2003 world championships in Paris was aborted because of injury , she had been tipped to stage a comeback at Athens , only to kill those rumors in an interview with French television in June . "  I have finally decided to hang up my spikes , " said Perec . "  I am going to finally discover a real life , an everyday sort of life . I feel euphoric and very excited . "	Olympic record : 3 gold medals She became the first athlete to retain an Olympic 400-meter title She is renowned for her obsession with privacy Sprinter ; born May 9 , 1968 , in Basse-Terre , Guadeloupe
CNN  -- The whole world watched Thursday as a lighter-than-air craft set loose by a 6-year-old boy floated above eastern Colorado . Several media outlets offered to help track the balloon with their helicopters , a sheriff 's spokeswoman says . Web sites as diverse as Al-Jazeera and Australia 's Sydney Morning Herald carried news of the wayward aircraft with reports that authorities feared the boy , Falcon Heene , was inside . The Web sites for The Sun , Britain 's largest newspaper , as well as the BBC , posted by-the-minute updates on the aerial odyssey , as did many international sites . The story was a bonanza for social networking sites . Facebook , in a little more than an hour , had three fan pages and three groups dedicated to "  Balloon Boy . " Members were piling on as the story developed . After the balloon landed near Colorado Springs , law enforcement authorities found it empty , according to CNN affiliate KMGH , which cited a police report . But while the aircraft was airborne , it was the saucer seen round the world . Watch "  unbelievable " footage of "  homemade flying saucer " " Michael Karns , director of marketing at Zazzle , an online customized products platform tied to trends and ideas , said the balloon excursion sparked the creation of 6,000 "  products , "  shirts , bags , shoes , doggie attire , etc.  tied to the news event . "  What 's interesting about this story is that it played out over a significant period of time , " Karns said . "  Expressions -LSB- on the T-shirts -RSB- changed from "  Go , Falcon , Go "  when the boy was believed afloat  to "  I Believe "  when he was reported missing  and once it came clear the kid , Falcon , was hiding in the attic , the products changed to sort of making fun of the whole thing . " Karns said the Redwood City , California , company received about 200 orders of shirts related to the event by 8 p.m. ET Thursday . Karns predicted the "  Balloon Boy " may become a hot Halloween costume as well . The attention it garnered also gave some indications of how a real-life flying saucer , an unidentified flying object , may be documented in a high-tech world . Watch report on shifting attitudes towards " balloon boy ' saga " Twitter was inundated with news about Falcon , with the updates occupying seven of the 10 trending topics on the site from 3:30 p.m. to nearly 5 p.m. ET . While most of the tweets were repeating national headlines about the balloon , some people expressed their opinions along the way . Mleswan tweeted , "  Oh sweet irony . The kid 's name is FALCON ?!?! Oh that 's classic . " Tmilewski tweeted , "  I call both horrible parenting AND horrible craftsmanship on this one ! " On Reddit , a social networking site known for its hilarious discussion threads about news events , the topic elicited fun and fast dialog . Neoncow said : "  I do n't care what they say . A father who builds a flying saucer hot air balloon with his son is a good father . " Lyrus said : "  What did Beyonce say to the parents of the 6-year-old kid that flew away in a balloon ? If you liked it then you should have put a string on it . " Mossyskeleton : "  I wonder if his dad is going to ground him when he gets back . " Falcon 's parents , identified as science enthusiasts and storm chasers Richard and Mayumi Heene , were featured earlier this year on ABC 's prime-time program "  Wife Swap , " ABC said . The Heene family was involved in "  scientific experiments that include looking for extraterrestrials and building a research-gathering flying saucer to send into the eye of the storm , " the network 's Web site said . Richard Heene , who has posted at least one iReport , calls himself a general contractor , published scientist and inventor . The aircraft , which appeared to be a Mylar-coated helium balloon , had been tethered to the Heene home in Fort Collins , Colorado , the Larimer County Sheriff 's Office said . Falcon evidently untied the rope anchoring the balloon , and it was feared that he had fallen from the craft . Authorities say that after ground and air searches , he was found hiding in a box in the attic of his family 's home Thursday .	Facebook had fan pages , groups dedicated to "  Balloon Boy " International Web sites tune in as family 's wayward aircraft captivates the world T-shirt campaign quickly adapts to the changing news event Parents ID 'd as science enthusiasts , storm chasers Richard and Mayumi Heene
CNN  -- In his first television interview , Ariel Castro 's son said Monday that his dad belongs in prison for the rest of his life and he does n't plan on ever visiting him . Last week , Ariel Castro pleaded guilty in an Ohio court to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping , in connection with imprisoning three women in his home for nearly a decade . Castro is set to be sentenced Thursday . A plea deal he agreed to recommends that he get life in prison without parole . The deal would allow Castro to avoid the death penalty . Read more : Ariel Castro agrees to plea deal Anthony Castro , in an exclusive NBC "  Today " show interview , said he thinks that sentence is "  the best possible . " "  I think that if he really ca n't control his impulses and he really does n't have any value for human life , the way this case has shown , then behind bars is where he belongs for the rest of his life , " the son said . NBC 's Savannah Guthrie asked the son what he would have thought about his father receiving the death penalty . "  It would 've been tough to accept just because death penalty cases are ... you end up in court a lot ... and so they come back a lot more often . I think this way is a lot better , because , you know , he 's put himself away , and he will be away for the rest of his life , " Castro responded . Anthony Castro went on to say that his father "  has been lying to his family for the past 10 , 11 years , at every possible turn . " "  I have no trust in him , " the son said . "  I ca n't see myself going to visit him and giving him the opportunity to face me and lie to me again . " The abductions and escape Castro abducted Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus separately in a two-year period starting in 2002 , authorities say . Snapshots : Who are the three women ? The women and Berry 's 6-year-old daughter were held in Castro 's 1,400-square-foot home . DNA tests have confirmed that Castro is the child 's father . They were freed in May after one of the women shouted for help while Castro was away . Neighbor Charles Ramsey said he heard their cries as he was sitting down to eat . "  I see this girl going nuts trying to get out of a house , " he told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  I go on the porch and she says , ` Help me get out . I 've been in here a long time . ' " Finally free , Berry pleaded for a phone . "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry , " she frantically told a 911 operator . "  I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " Thankful for support Lately the women have spoken out . In early July , Berry , DeJesus and Knight released a YouTube video offering their thanks to all those who have helped them since they were freed . "  I want to thank everyone who has helped me and my family through this entire ordeal . Everyone who has been there to support us has been a blessing , " Berry said in the video . "  I 'm getting stronger each day . " DeJesus talked to CNN affiliate WEWS on Sunday . She was excited that the last pieces of wood were being placed on a privacy fence around the DeJesus home . "  I really wanted it . It meant a lot to me , " the young woman said . "  The difference is privacy , of her being able to come out , walk out and do what she wants . " DeJesus ' grandmother Nancy Ruiz told the station . The fence was donated . Also over the weekend , Berry surprised concert-goers in Cleveland when she took the stage with family and friends and waved to a cheering crowd . Rapper Nelly dedicated his hit song , "  Just a Dream , " to her , HLN reported . Happiness gives way to disappointment The news of the women 's freedom initially made Anthony Castro happy , he said on NBC on Monday . He was like many in Ohio familiar with their longstanding disappearances . But when his father 's name and photo made media reports , and he heard Berry say his father 's name , he was stunned and shaken . "  I was shocked because of the magnitude of such a crime , " Anthony Castro said . "  I do n't think I can imagine anyone doing that , let alone to find out it was my own flesh and blood , my father . However , I did grow up in a house with a lot of fear and a lot of violence . And so , the fact that this was a violent case , no , it did n't surprise me . " Guthrie pointed out that Anthony Castro has spoken out about abuse that he and his mother suffered at the hands of his father . Ariel Castro was "  incredibly strict , " Anthony Castro said . "  He had a temper . He was n't a monster 24/7 , but if you crossed him , there would be consequences . And those , more often than not , would be physical consequences . "  I remember crying myself to sleep when I was a kid because my legs were covered in welts from belts . Seeing my mom getting beat up in our own home , and no one should ever have to see their mom crumpled up in a corner on the floor the way I did so many times . " In a way , his father 's imprisonment is a kind of justice for his mother , he said . "  I think that she will be there the first morning he wakes up in prison ... and the sun shines down -- that 's going to be her justice . " Mixed emotions : horror , gratefulness Had Anthony Castro been inside the house where the women were held ? Had he seen any signs ? Anthony Castro had been in the house , and he always entered through the back door . "  That 's where my father would flag me in , " he said . There were locks on the doors to the attic and basement , and the windows were nailed shut , Anthony Castro said . But that was n't unusual . There were places he just was n't allowed to go , he said . But he and his dad would talk in the kitchen for a short while , he said . His family has endured a "  nightmare " since May , Anthony Castro said , but he was quick to add , "  nothing to compare to what the girls went through . " "  What 's horrifying is I have the same first and last name , " he said . "  I look in the mirror and I see the resemblance and I think about what he did and how horrible it was , and I just ca n't help sometimes just being overcome . " Anthony Castro wants his friends and co-workers to know that 's he 's grateful that they 've supported him . "  Because of all this , my father will never be able to hurt anyone again , " he said . "  I have nothing to say to him . "	Anthony Castro recalls Ariel Castro abusing him and his mother Ariel Castro pleaded guilty in a case in which he held three women for almost 10 years "  What 's horrifying is I have the same first and last name , " Anthony Castro says
Washington  CNN  -- Some foreign students who enroll and graduate from U.S. flight schools are in the U.S. illegally , despite extensive post-9 / 11 efforts to vet student pilots , congressional investigators said Wednesday . Stephen Lord , an investigative chief with the Government Accountability Office , declined to say how many student pilots he found to be wrongly in the country , saying that the Transportation Security Administration had deemed the number to be "  sensitive security information . " But , he said , his study showed "  weaknesses " in the TSA 's vetting process that need to be fixed . The holes are "  extremely disturbing , " House Homeland Security subcommittee Chairman Rep. Mike Rogers said . "  It 's completely unacceptable that a decade after 9/11 GAO has uncovered weaknesses in our security controls that were supposed to be fixed a decade ago , " Rogers said . Several of the terrorists who carried out the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , including leader Mohammed Atta , trained at U.S. flight schools before conducting their attack , and government leaders vowed to prevent such a mistake from happening again . For illegal immigrant graduates , a ` leap of faith ' answered Today , the TSA vets foreign student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts fingerprint-based criminal background checks , but it does not vet them against immigration databases , the GAO lead investigator said . Lord said his group downloaded an FAA database of pilots and compared it to TSA 's database of student pilots who had completed background checks . "  In a perfect world , the two databases would match , " Lord said . "  But we were surprised to find that some ... of the foreign nationals holding pilots ' licenses were not in the TSA 's databases , indicating that some foreign nationals had not been vetted before receiving flight training , and ultimately receiving pilots ' licenses . " The hole first came to public light in 2010 when local police stopped the owner of a Massachusetts flight school for a traffic violation and discovered he was in the country illegally . Federal immigration officials investigated and found that 25 of the foreign nationals at the school had been vetted by the TSA and had been approved to begin flight training . But further investigation revealed that eight of the students had entered the country illegally and 17 had overstayed their visas . Kerwin Wilson , the TSA 's general manager for general aviation , said the TSA is taking steps to address the matter . "  We do have a plan in place . We 're working very closely with ICE  Immigration and Customs Enforcement  in terms of automating the process to ensure that TSA is also checking for immigration status as well as the Terrorist Screening database , " he said . Rep. Chip Cravaak , R-Minnesota , said the government needs a "  common-sense solution " to prevent another 9/11-style attack , but said no solution would be perfect . "  We will never have 100 percent security . That just wo n't happen . Somebody that is perfectly normal one day can flip , because of whatever pressures he or she is under , " he said .	GAO chief investigator says he found "  weaknesses " in the TSA 's vetting process TSA deems number of pilots in U.S. illegally "  sensitive security information , " he says TSA vets student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts criminal checks But the agency does n't vet them against immigration databases , GAO official says
A suspected U.S. drone strike in northwestern Pakistan on Monday morning killed 15 militants and wounded three others , a local government official said , the third such deadly attack in as many days . The drone fired at least six missiles at a militant compound near the town of Mir Ali in the North Waziristan region near the Afghanistan border , government official Muhammad Amir told CNN . North Waziristan is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region . The area is widely believed to be the operating base for the Haqqani network and other militant groups that have attacked international troops in neighboring Afghanistan . Monday 's attack is the 21st suspected drone strike in Pakistan this year . U.S. officials rarely discuss the CIA 's drone program in Pakistan , though privately they have said the covert strikes are legal and an effective tactic in the fight against extremists . A day earlier , a drone is thought to have fired four missiles that killed nine militants at a militant compound in Wacha Dana , a village in South Waziristan , local government official Javed Marwat told CNN . This followed a suspected strike Saturday near the town of Wana in the same province that killed two militants riding on a motorcycle , according to Marwat . U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration justified its use of unmanned drones to target suspected terrorists overseas in a rare public statement recently , with John Brennan , the president 's top counter-terrorism adviser , saying the strikes are conducted "  in full accordance with the law . " The program utilizes unmanned aerial vehicles , often equipped with Hellfire missiles , to target suspected terrorist operatives in remote locations overseas -- with many such strikes occurring in Yemen and Pakistan , despite some internal opposition within that latter South Asian country . Brennan said the United States "  respects national sovereignty and international law " and is guided by the laws of war in ordering those attacks .	The suspected drone fired at least 6 missiles , an official says Three militants were wounded and 15 killed , the local official adds This is thought to be the third such fatal drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region in 3 days The U.S. government has defended such attacks as guided by the laws of war
For the fourth year in a row , House Republicans have passed a balanced budget . Each time , we 've put forward a plan that stops spending money we do n't have , creates jobs with pro-growth reforms , strengthens the safety net , and expands opportunity for all . And each time we 've learned a little bit more about where the two parties stand . If you look at President Barack Obama 's budget -- Senate Democrats refused to write one this year -- it 's clear where he and his party place their trust : Washington . He wants to raise taxes by $ 1.8 trillion -- on top of the $ 1.7 trillion he 's already raised . He wants to increase spending by $ 791 billion . And he never balances the budget -- ever . Time and again , the President and his party put government in the driver 's seat . They want to take more from families to spend more in Washington . Whether it 's health care , energy , or taxes , Democrats want the federal government to play a bigger role in the lives of Americans and our economy . And that 's great for Washington ; it thrives on more power . But the American people will lose out . They 'll face less opportunity , more debt , and fewer jobs . By contrast , House Republicans have put forward a plan that puts our trust in the people . Our plan balances the budget in just 10 years . We cut $ 5.1 trillion in spending over the next decade by eliminating waste and making much-needed reforms . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says the deficit reduction in our budget will grow the economy . Under our plan , in 2024 , economic output will be 1.8 % greater than it otherwise would be . That works out to about $ 1,100 per person . A quick reality check for the critics and big spenders in Washington : On the current path , the federal government will spend roughly $ 48 trillion over the next 10 years . By contrast , this budget will spend nearly $ 43 trillion . On the current path , spending will grow , on average , by 5.2 % a year . Under our budget , spending will grow , on average , by 3.5 % a year . Nearly $ 43 trillion is enough . Increasing spending by 3.5 % instead of 5.2 % is hardly draconian . Responsible spending restraint is just one part of our plan . We also call for pro-growth tax reform and greater energy production . We repeal Obamacare and clear the way for patient-centered reforms . We protect and strengthen Medicare . We repair the safety net so it 's there for those who need it , and we give states the flexibility they need to help people move up the ladder of life . Our budget will root out cronyism , because we believe the American people deserve a level playing field . In fact , we eliminate $ 7 billion of corporate welfare within the Department of Commerce alone . We want the best and brightest to lead the way . Businesses should n't succeed because of the connections they have in Washington . They should succeed based on the value they generate and the jobs they create . We can expand opportunity by empowering people , not bureaucrats . All of these solutions would help create jobs . Instead of sending more money to Washington -- instead of funding more Solyndras and racking up more debt -- we return power to the people by cutting tax rates and wasteful spending . Under our plan , people will spend less time navigating the maze that is Washington and more time developing the new ideas that will power our economy . So this debate boils down to a question of trust . Do we trust Washington to know what 's best for our health care , our economy , or our families ? Or do we trust the people of this country to make an honest assessment about what 's best for their lives ? Republicans have made our choice . We 've put forward a budget that harnesses the power of economic freedom and respects the dignity of every person . We trust the American people to lead our country forward . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rep. Paul Ryan says the GOP budget places its trust in the people , not Washington The GOP budget cuts $ 5.1 trillion in spending over the next decade , says Ryan House approved Ryan 's budget Thursday , but Senate is not expected to take up the measure
On July 17 , 1984 , President Ronald Reagan signed into law the National Minimum Drinking Age Act , which withheld a percentage of highway funds from any state that did n't raise the minimum drinking age to 21 . The week before , Reagan had declared ice cream a "  nutritious " food . Perhaps that 's a hint that politicians do n't always know what 's best for your health . Thirty years later , there is a group of people with Ph.Ds and MDs who take issue with the drinking age . They say , from a scientific standpoint , that the law may target the wrong teen behavior . Solving one public health crisis The law came into being to solve a serious public health problem . Before the minimum drinking age law , 16 - to 20-year-olds were the most common drunken drivers . When the drinking age was raised , the number of fatal crashes involving a young driver dropped significantly , from 61 % in 1982 to 31 % in 1995 . It went down more for that age group than any older age group . But while the law did have a significant impact on drinking and driving , it did not stop kids from drinking . In fact , it may have made drinking even more appealing to teens , whose brains naturally seek out risk more than adult brains do -- without considering what the consequences might be . A survey of students at 56 colleges across the country just a couple years after the legislation passed found that "  significantly more under-age students drank compared to those of legal age . " This study concluded that "  the increase in purchase age appears to have been not only ineffective but actually counter-productive , at least in the short run . " The definition of adulthood is not clear-cut when it comes to science . "  There 's no magic that happens physically to someone when they are 21 as compared to age 18 , " said Dr. William Graf , a professor of pediatric neurology at Yale . The American Psychological Association  PDF  says that drawing a single line between adolescence and adulthood under the law is at odds with developmental science . They say adolescence usually begins at about age 10 and ends around 19 , but really it depends ; maturity is based on an individual 's experiences . Developing brains Current data from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health and Monitoring the Future , the two official surveys that monitor such topics , suggest that roughly 65 % of college students  generally aged 18 to 22  drink alcohol in any given month . Most of the college students who choose to drink are binge drinking , according to a study out of Harvard . Seven out of 10 are consuming five or more drinks in a row . Binge drinking can have a damaging impact on a developing brain . Evidence suggests that heavy exposure to alcohol can cause irreversible brain damage and cognitive deficits , including memory problems . Scientists say the teenage years are one of the most important times for brain development , next to infancy . Neurons in the brain are growing and strengthening , connections are developing to allow the brain to transmit information faster and allow the brain to process more complex thoughts , and the brain goes through a kind of pruning process to eliminates synapses that are infrequently used . All this brain development has a huge impact on a person 's development and mental well-being . It also means that young people have lapses in judgment during this time period as they try to figure out how to be adults . The limbic system , the part of your brain that is involved in processing social and emotional information , develops early in adolescents . But the prefrontal cortex , the part of the brain that involves judgment , impulse control and abstract thought and the ability to anticipate the consequences of your actions , is n't fully shaped until your late 20s . Mimicking behavior Abigail A. Baird , associate professor of psychology at Vassar College , has spent her career trying to understand what happens with the typical adolescent brain . Baird argues that if anything , in terms of biology , the age limits on driving and drinking should be flipped . "  If I were queen for the day , I would move the drinking age to 18 and maybe not let them drive until they were 21 , at least not with other people besides your parents in the car , " Baird said . She likes the idea of graduated driver 's license laws that slowly let young drivers have more responsibility as they get more practice in the car . This is based on the theory that they will learn how to avoid accidents as they gain experience . The statistics back her up . Before states introduced graduated licensing systems during the first six months of solo driving , newly licensed drivers were about eight times more likely to be involved in fatal crashes than more experienced drivers . "  We all know adolescents are obsessed with learning from their peers . ... Adolescents learn based on experience . They are not good at learning abstractly ; that 's what changes a lot between 18 and 21 . When you get older , you can learn from reading stories about people and by really feeling for other people . " Baird believes that society could use the way young people learn , to help them learn how to drink responsibly at an earlier age . If drinking were less of a clandestine affair , perhaps a teen 's peers could model more appropriate behavior for younger participants . She says it 's important to learn how to behave around alcohol . "  Find me a business dinner that you will go to where you are not offered alcohol , " Baird challenged . "  In our society , you do need to know what do around it and how much you can handle . " Florida teens miss prom after passing Breathalyzer tests Cohan : Get real , lower drinking age to 19	Thirty years ago , Ronald Reagan signed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act Scientists say the law makes drinking more appealing to teens Younger drinkers binge drink more often , which can hurt developing brains
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- A 13-year-old who witnessed another teen being set on fire last month apologized Tuesday , saying he is praying for the boy 's recovery and he is sorry for what happened . Reading to reporters from a statement , Jeremy Jarvis -- whose older brother has been charged in the incident -- said that victim Michael Brewer is in his prayers . "  I want to read something I wrote last night , " Jarvis said . "  I want to express my deepest sympathy to Mikey and his family . I will pray for Mikey to grow stronger every day and for Mikey 's speedy recovery . " Brewer , 15 , remains in guarded condition at the University of Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center . He suffered third-degree burns over 65 percent of his body in the Deerfield Beach , Florida , incident October 12 , authorities have said . Police have been able to interview Brewer for the first time since the incident , the Broward County Sheriff 's Office said . Hospital officials have said Brewer can communicate only in one - or two-word answers . "  The more information we have , the better position we are in to make the right decision " as far as charges and how to proceed , said Maria Schneider , a prosecutor with the state attorney 's office in Broward County . "  I would say he -LSB- Brewer -RSB- needs a little more time to be fully prepared to provide a detailed account of the incident . " "  It was difficult . It was difficult for him to talk about . Difficult for us to listen to , " she said of the interview . "  Just difficult all around , heart-wrenching . He 's doing so much better , but it 's such a terrible situation . " Jeremy Jarvis was arrested as a juvenile after Brewer was burned and spent about 30 days in juvenile detention . However , prosecutors have not filed charges against him . He still could be charged , as prosecutors have 90 days from his arrest to decide whether to move forward with the case . He has not been interviewed by police or prosecutors , Schneider said . "  He has invoked his rights to counsel and has invoked his rights to silence . " His brother , Denver , 15 , is among three teenagers charged as adults with one count of attempted second-degree murder in the attack . He has pleaded not guilty . "  I want to tell my brother D.C. I love and miss him , " Jeremy Jarvis told reporters Tuesday . "  I just hope and pray we all get through this . " The boy 's attorney , Stephen Melnick , would not allow reporters to ask him questions . The extent of Jeremy Jarvis ' involvement remains under investigation , Melnick said , adding that police took a statement from Brewer on Monday . "  As far as we know , he -LSB- Jeremy Jarvis -RSB- just followed and watched what happened , " he said . Denver Jarvis and Matthew Bent , also 15 , are accused along with a third teen , Jesus Mendez , 16 , of being in a group that poured alcohol over Brewer and set him ablaze in a dispute over $ 40 , a video game and a bicycle . All three pleaded not guilty in an appearance last week in Broward County Circuit Court . If convicted , they would face a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Denver Jarvis allegedly poured alcohol over him . Bent allegedly encouraged the attack , police said . Brewer jumped into a pool at his apartment complex to put out the flames . Authorities have said Mendez admitted setting Brewer on fire . According to an arrest transcript , the boy said he made a "  bad decision . " Dr. Michael Brannon , a court-appointed forensic psychologist , interviewed both the Jarvis brothers . "  I can describe both of them as being afraid , being fearful , " he told CNN earlier this month . "  I can describe both of them as being tearful at various times during the interview , especially when talking about the specific incident which led to the injuries of the victim . " The Jarvis family met at Melnick 's office Tuesday , shortly before the boy read the short written statement to reporters . He took no questions . During the meeting , Jeremy Jarvis played with Melnick 's dog . Although the state can still file charges against him , "  it did n't matter to him , " Melnick said . "  It was important to say how this really bothers him and how much he loves his brother and how much he hopes Michael gets better . " He said Brewer is a close friend of Jeremy Jarvis , and the boy is troubled by Brewer 's injury as well as by his brother facing criminal charges that could land him in an adult prison if convicted . Doctors had planned to perform skin graft surgery on Brewer last Friday , but decided to wait and let him heal a bit more first , hospital officials said . His doctor has said he faces several more months in the hospital and will need multiple skin grafts and surgeries . Melnick would not say whether Jeremy Jarvis is cooperating with prosecutors , but said he did n't believe the boy 's apology would affect whether charges are filed . "  It 's something he 's been wanting to say from the start , " he said . "  He 's been asking every day if he could say something . " Broward County schools expelled the seventh-grader after his arrest , Melnick said . He is being home-schooled , and his family is exploring alternative education arrangements . Jeremy Jarvis turned 13 about a month ago , but "  he understands what 's happening , " Melnick said . "  He spent 30 days in a jail . "	Jeremy Jarvis , 13 , who saw teen set on fire , apologizes , says he 's praying for recovery Authorities say police have been able to interview victim for first time since incident Victim , Michael Brewer , 15 , is in guarded condition at University of Miami hospital burn center Jeremy Jarvis not charged ; extent of his involvement under investigation , attorney says
Cologne , Germany  CNN  -- More than 270,000 gamers from throughout Europe and beyond have converged in the beautiful city of Cologne for the annual Gamescom video game festival . The show , which is more than twice as large as San Diego Comic-Con , offers attendees the first hands-on opportunities with some of the biggest games coming this fall and later . Activision is using one of the 10 massive halls at the Cologne Convention Center to allow gamers to play through four multiplayer maps from Treyarch 's "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II . " Fans wait in line for hours for the chance to experience the games they likely already ordered for this Christmas . Gamescom is growing at a rapid pace . More than 600 exhibitors from 40 countries are displaying their games -- 20 % more exhibitors than two years ago and 40 % more countries connecting with the European gaming audience . While there are literally hundreds of games playable at the festival , the following five games made their world premieres this week and are worth checking out when they hit a console near you over the coming year . Army of Two : The Devil 's Cartel  Electronic Arts/Visceral Games , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , March 2013 Electronic Arts knows that two shooters are better than one . "  Army of Two : The Devil 's Cartel " is the third game in the bestselling franchise that sends a pair of heavily armed private military operators south of the border on a deadly mission . With plenty of drug cartel henchmen to go around , this co-op game has been designed from the ground up for two players to collaborate as they navigate a serpentine plot of danger and corruption . This game introduces plenty of weapons to equip and extensive customization options for soldiers Alpha and Bravo , putting a personal stamp on the action . Visceral Games promises the experience will put players in the middle of a blockbuster Hollywood movie experience . And given the nontraditional Mexican setting , this game should serve as a nice diversion from the crowded shooter genre . Deadpool  Activision/High Moon Studios , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 , 2013 Although he 's appeared in video games like "  Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 " and "  Marvel vs. Capcom 3 " before , the comic book antihero Deadpool has never stood on his own . Until now . For those not familiar with the wise-cracking "  Merc with the Mouth , " Deadpool is about to leave a very lasting impression . High Moon Studios , which has done a great job with the original Transformers games , is delivering a Mature-rated adventure that features the brilliant voice acting of Nolan North . The game allows players to slice and dice through enemies or go in guns blazing  with some very big guns  . All the while , Deadpool is in on the fact that he 's starring in a game -- even breaking the fourth wall regularly . The game also highlights the character 's insanity by allowing players to hear the multiple voices in his head . Which one you follow is completely up to you , but expect a funny , gory ride that 's nothing like other comic book games . Puppeteer  Sony Computer Europe/Japan Studio , PlayStation 3 , 2013 "  Puppeteer " looks unlike any other game you 've seen . This original action game takes place within a magical puppet theater . Rather than sending the hero , who in this case is a boy named Kutaro who 's been transformed into a puppet , all of the action takes place on the same stage . In other words , the game world revolves around the character . This makes for a very unique world . Also adding to the gameplay is an assortment of special heads that Kutaro , who 's headless , can pick up and use , along with his weapon , a magical pair of scissors . Although this looks like a kids ' game , it 's actually very challenging . This boy-turned-puppet could be the next Pinnochio . Remember Me  Capcom/Dontnod , PC , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , 2013 Capcom has been at the forefront of introducing gamers to strong female protagonists , which is one reason the "  Resident Evil " franchise has succeeded both in game and movie form . The Japanese game publisher has debuted a brand new heroine , Nilin , the star of the new science-fiction action game "  Remember Me " from Paris development studio Dontme . Nilin is not your typical action hero . Sure , she 's well-trained in the martial arts , and looks good in heels . But she can also hack into people 's minds and steal or alter their memories . The game opens with Nilin 's own memory erased , setting her off on a quest to reclaim her identity that will ultimately change the world . And you can expect plenty of futuristic fighting action along the way . Tearaway  Sony Computer Entertainment/Media Molecule , PlayStation Vita Media Molecule , the developer behind Sony 's cross-platform franchise "  LittleBigPlanet , " is at it again with this interactive world made completely of paper . "  Tearaway " is a new adventure game that was designed to allow players to become part of the universe . Using the PS Vita 's rear touch pad , players can see their hand enter the game world . Or they can shake the device and see the world crumble , or even turn upside down . Players take control of Iota , a messenger from a paper dimension whose envelope head contains an urgent message that he must deliver to you . Each message inside the envelope is different , providing a unique experience for the gamer , who becomes part of the experience . As the godlike player , it 's up to you to help Iota get that message to you . The struggling PS Vita needs more killer apps like this , which could lure more gamers to this portable player .	More than 270,000 people are attending Gamescom in Cologne , Germany Exhibitors from 40 countries are displaying games due out in coming months Marvel 's "  Deadpool " and a new Capcom heroine in "  Remember Me " stand out Quirky : You 're a headless puppet in "  Puppeteer " and in paper world in "  Tearaway "
CNN  -- Chris Stevens knew what he was getting into . He knew , longtime friend Daniel Seidemann said , that Libya was a place of great promise , but also one of great peril . "  When he went to Libya , he had no illusions about where he was going , " Seidemann said . "  He has probably done more than anybody on the planet to help the Libyan people , and he know going in that this was not going to protect him . " U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens died Tuesday in an assault on the American Consulate in Benghazi , the very city where he had arrived aboard a cargo ship in the spring of 2011 to help build ties between the upstart rebellion and the rebels . Ex-SEALs , online gaming maven among Benghazi dead "  He risked his life to stop a tyrant , then gave his life trying to help build a better Libya , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday . "  The world needs more Chris Stevenses , " Clinton said . Stevens graduated from the University of California , Berkeley , in 1982 , then took a pause in his studies to join the Peace Corps , according to his State Department biography . "  Growing up in California , I did n't know much about the Arab world , " he said in a State Department video prepared to introduce him to the Libyan people after his appointment as ambassador in May . "  I worked as an English teacher in a town in the High Atlas Mountains in Morocco for two years , and quickly grew to love this part of the world , " he said . Slain ambassador warned in '08 about extremists near Benghazi After returning to the United States , he attended the University of California 's Hastings College of Law , graduating in 1989 , according to his biography . He worked as an international trade lawyer in Washington before joining the Foreign Service , the career diplomatic corps , in 1991 , according to the State Department biography . He spent most of his career in the Middle East and North Africa , including postings to Israel , Egypt , Syria and Saudi Arabia , in addition to serving as the deputy chief of the U.S. mission to Libya from 2007 to 2009 , during the rule of Moammar Gadhafi , according to the State Department . Pro-al Qaeda group seen behind deadly Benghazi attack "  He joined the Foreign Service , learned languages , won friends for America in distant places and made other people 's hopes his own , " Clinton said . It was during Stevens ' time as the political section chief in Jerusalem that Seidemann got to know the man dubbed "  the senator " for his unflappable character and unrelenting empathy . "  He was the best of the best , " Seidemann said . "  If there 's American nobility , he 's it . " Stevens ' stepfather , Robert Commanday , remembered the diplomat as a "  beautifully even-tempered person . " "  In the 36 years that I was privileged to be his stepfather , I never saw him lose his temper once , " Commanday told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  And he was calm and easy and people loved him not only for that but because he did n't impose his ideas on them and he was interested in the persons he was talking to . " Commanday said his family was "  shattered " by the news of his death . Seidemann , who focuses on Israel-Palestinian relations , got to know Stevens through work , but they quickly grew to be friends . Six things to know about the attack "  He was extremely warm , friendly , open , " Seidemann said . After returning to Washington to work for a time , Stevens went back to Libya to help try to rebuild U.S. relations with Moammar Gadhafi 's regime . Then , in 2011 , as Libyans began to take up arms against the dictator , Clinton tapped him for another role . "  In the early days of the Libyan revolution , I asked Chris to be our envoy to the rebel opposition , " Clinton said . "  He arrived on a cargo ship in the port of Benghazi and began building our relationships with Libya 's revolutionaries . " "  He was seen as a popular , personable and hands-on diplomat among State Department staffers who knew him , " said Elise Labott , a CNN foreign affairs reporter who knew Stevens . "  He was n't a pinstripe diplomat . He wanted to get his hands dirty , dig in , " she said . Commanday conveyed a similar impression , saying Stevens was "  very happy " to get the post . "  He was n't looking for a ... cushy ambassador 's spot , " he said . "  He loved the Libyan people and was passionate about helping . " Stevens was well-regarded among Libyans , said Fouad Ajami , an expert on Islamic politics . Libya suffering ` fragile ' security "  The sadness of it is that Ambassador Stevens worked long and hard for the liberation of the Libyan people from the tyranny of Moammar Gadhafi , " he said . Stevens frequently spoke of an infectious enthusiasm for the country that made him "  the only person , in the eyes of the State Department , " for the Libya post , Labott said . The ambassador understood Libya and its dangers , but also saw great promise , said CNN 's Zain Verjee , who also knew Stevens well . "  Chris was passionate about Libya , " she said . "  He cared about the people and saw hope in its future . He told me he knew the dangers but was committed to democracy and diplomacy above all . " Ambassador 's killing shines light on Muslim sensitivities around Prophet Mohammed	NEW : Chris Stevens was a "  beautifully even-tempered person , " his stepfather says Diplomat was "  best of the best , " longtime friend says He was a hands-on diplomat , CNN reporter says Stevens died in an attack at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi on Tuesday
CNN  -- Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , who is still believed to be at his residence in Sharm el-Sheikh , will be brought to Cairo next week for questioning in his corruption case , said Mustafa Bakri , a former member of parliament . Bakri , who brought the case against Mubarak and other officials , was told of the development by the Prosecutor General 's office on Thursday . Attorney General Abdel Maguid Mahmoud issued an order freezing assets of Mubarak and his family on Monday and prohibited them from leaving the country . Meanwhile , Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik has submitted his resignation and the Egyptian military has appointed former transport minister Essam Sharaf to the post , the military 's Facebook page said Thursday . Bakri , a member of Egypt 's parliament who lost his seat after filing corruption cases against various officials , provided documents indicating Mubarak 's family has secret bank accounts totaling more than 200 million Egyptian pounds  $ 147 million  , according to EgyNews . "  I submitted the corruption documents on Sunday night and on Monday morning I was called in by the public prosecutor for investigation , and he asked me to rush to his office . " Bakri told CNN . "  The attorney general , himself , went over the documents in my possession and then issued his orders to bar Mubarak and his family from travelling and to impound their assets . " Mahmoud ordered the freeze for property owned by Mubarak , his wife Suzanne , his two sons Alaa and Gamal Mubarak , and their wives and children , EgyNews reported . The seizures include "  movable properties , real estate , stocks , bonds and various financial assets . " It was n't immediately clear how the order differed from a similar one reported last week . Mubarak , through his attorneys and in official filings , has described reports of immense wealth as "  fabrications and baseless rumors . " But Bakri said the documents he provided to Mahmoud "  are the first solid and concrete evidence on the fortune collected illegally by Mubarak and his family . " Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protest against his rule . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	Egypt 's attorney general freezes former president 's assets this week He is expected to be brought to Cairo for questioning next week Mubarak resigned February 11 after 18 days of protest against his rule
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- When baseball slugger Mark McGwire admitted he had used steroids in his record-breaking 1998 season , he recalled refusing to talk about the subject in his 2005 testimony to Congress . "  After all this time , I want to come clean , " McGwire announced . "  I was not in a position to do that five years ago in my congressional testimony , but now I feel an obligation to discuss this and to answer questions about it . I 'll do that , and then I just want to help my team . " McGwire 's admission come as the House Judiciary Committee has been investigating the problem of brain injuries to football players , following heated discussions October 28 , when the committee aggressively questioned NFL officials to figure out why the league had done so little to curb this well-known problem . Any government inquiry of this kind draws the familiar charge that politicians should stay out of the business of sports -- even though the NFL and NCAA have in fact responded to congressional pressure by instituting rules to protect players from brain damage . Still , Texas Rep. Lamar Smith said , we "  should also avoid the temptation to legislate in this area . Football -- like soccer , rugby and even basketball and baseball -- involves contact that can produce injuries . We can not legislate the elimination of injuries from the games without eliminating the games themselves . " This is a familiar refrain . Back in 2005 , when several committees investigated the use of steroids in baseball , numerous sports officials warned this was not an issue with which Congress should concern itself . Yet insisting on a firewall between sports and politics ignores the long-standing relationship between these two parts of American society . At the state and local level , sports teams depend on government assistance . There have been a large number of public subsidies , ranging from appropriations for stadium construction to the placement of public transportation near stadiums to tax breaks which the sports industry has depended on for growth . At the federal level , sports owners have also benefited from government . In 1922 , the Supreme Court exempted baseball from the antitrust laws . As a result of this , baseball owners were allowed to maintain their monopoly , stifling efforts to launch other leagues and using the exemption to collude on limiting the salaries of players . Some legislators introduced bills trying to overturn the decision , but Congress never passed them . When the Senate held hearings about the exemption in 1958 , a number of famous players , including Mickey Mantle and Jackie Robinson , showed up to speak about how the "  reserve clause " undermined the rights of players . Congress refused to take any action . Free agency did not start until the 1980s . It was only in 1998 that Congress finally passed legislation declaring that some rules , such as restrictions on the movement of players from one team to another , were subject to antitrust laws . Football has a political history of its own . According to the sports historian Richard Davies , the National Football League started a team in New Orleans in 1966 , right after Rep. Hale Boggs and Sen. Russell Long of Louisiana helped push through legislation that exempted the NFL from antitrust laws so that there could be a merger with the successful American Football League . When New York Rep. Emanuel Celler insisted on long hearings to decide whether this was permissible , Sen. Long , desperate for a team , short-circuited the legislative process by having the Senate pass a bill by acclamation and attaching it to important anti-inflation tax legislation . The House , under pressure , agreed to the bill at the last minute . "  We could n't have merged if Congress had n't passed the law , " said NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle . "  And without a merger , we could n't have had a Super Bowl . If we 'd tried to do it on our own , the antitrust people would have challenged us sooner than later . " There is also a long history of congressional investigations into sports . In 1960 , the Senate conducted hearings about the influence of organized crime in professional boxing . Americans were shocked when former middleweight champion Jake LaMotta admitted that he had thrown a fight against Billy Fox in November 1947 . Members of the mafia threatened to kill LaMotta , but he testified anyway . During similar hearings in 1961 , the boxer Rocky Marciano told legislators that "  it seems absolutely essential that a federal czar be named to head the professional sport of boxing . " Many years later , in 2007 , Congress looked into the pension and disability plans of the NFL after complaints by injured players that they were being denied coverage . Congress has been willing to legislate . On October 9 , 1996 , President Clinton signed the Professional Boxing Safety Act into law , which defined minimum health and safety standards for the sport . The legislation aimed to strengthen the patchwork regulations used by states to monitor the sport . But investigations usually do n't produce legislation . In 2005 , Congress failed to pass the Clean Sports Act or the Drug Free Sports Act in response to revelations of drug use . Even so , investigations do help raise public awareness about problems and create public pressure on the industry to reform . "  When there is not any regulation , " said former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield , "  it can cause someone to lose their dream , their hopes ... " While some issues , such as the recent investigation into the college bowl system , are easy fodder for ridicule , others , such as brain damage to NFL players , show where the government has a legitimate role . After all , sports is big business , and the playing field is a workplace where regulations are needed . Unfortunately , the sports leagues themselves have not taken an aggressive approach to dealing with this problem . In the same way that baseball owners understood that steroids produced more crowd-pleasing home runs , football owners know that the kind of hard-hitting football that creates injuries often brings crowds to their feet . The government must help guide the industry toward better practices . There is a precedent for investigation . And sports has depended too much on government to now claim to be a free agent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : McGwire steroids case reminds why congressional inquiry can be useful He says sports officials balk at oversight yet take government assistance Zelizer : Football head injury issue is a worthy subject for government investigation
Washington  CNN  -- The day before Mitt Romney makes a highly publicized trip to Israel , President Barack Obama on Friday signed a bill passed by Congress designed to increase security ties with the Jewish state . Both the timing of Friday 's event and the presence of TV cameras opened the White House to accusations of political maneuvering in a presidential election year . Obama 's schedule for this week , distributed by the White House on July 20 , made no mention of the signing of the United States-Israel Enhanced Security Cooperation Act . The measure won final approval from Congress on July 17 , receiving strong bipartisan support . White House spokesman Jay Carney denied any political intent with the timing of the bill signing , saying the measure passed last week and Obama was traveling from Sunday to Wednesday . "  The president 's been on the road , and today was the day to sign it , " he said Friday . Romney , the certain Republican presidential nominee , hammered Obama 's Middle East policy in a recent speech to a Veterans of Foreign Wars convention . In particular , he accused Obama of failing to fully support Israel , an accusation the White House strongly denies . In signing the measure Friday , Obama spoke of the "  unshakeable commitment " of his government to Israel 's security and announced a previously authorized $ 70 million in U.S. funding for Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system . Carney said Obama directed the Iron Dome funding in May and the money was transferred "  in recent days , " leading to the announcement Friday in conjunction with the signing of the bill . "  This is a program that has been critical in terms of providing security and safety for Israeli families , " Obama said of the Iron Dome system . "  It is a program that has been tested and has prevented missile strikes inside of Israel . And it is testimony of the leadership of folks sitting here that we are going to be able to lock in that funding to make sure that program continues and that we are standing by our friends In Israel when it comes to these kinds of attacks . " He also announced that Defense Secretary Leon Panetta would travel to Israel soon to discuss additional ways the two nations can cooperate on defense and security issues . A White House document issued after the event emphasized the steps Obama has taken as president in support of Israel to emphasize his commitment to Israel 's security . Obama easily won the Jewish vote in 2008 , but his sometimes strained relations with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have raised concerns among pro-Israel Americans . The act Obama signed Friday reaffirms "  unwavering commitment to the security of the State of Israel as a Jewish state " and calls for providing Israel with "  the military capabilities necessary to deter and defend itself against any threat or possible combination of threats . " It also pledges a U.S. veto of "  any one-sided anti-Israel resolutions at the United Nations Security Council " and outlines U.S. support for an expanded Israeli role in NATO , increased intelligence cooperation and increased training for Israel 's air force . The event reinforced the Obama administration 's support for strong ties with Israel as his GOP rival prepares to meet with Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders in a visit that begins Saturday . Such preempting of messages and events is a time-tested trick of campaign politics . For example , Romney 's campaign has scheduled regular conference calls with reporters and events with surrogates on the same day , and often in the same city , as Obama campaign events . At the signing , Obama was flanked by the two California Democrats who were sponsors -- Sen. Barbara Boxer and Rep. Howard Berman -- as well as top figures of American Jewish organizations . CNN 's Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	The measure enhances security ties between the two allies Obama also announces U.S. funding for Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system Mitt Romney travels to Israel on Saturday to meet with leaders there Democratic sponsors of the bill deny any political mischief in the timing of Friday 's event
Washington  CNN  -- In his first extensive comments about the controversy over the name of Washington 's pro football team , owner Dan Snyder penned a letter to fans defending his decision not to change the Redskins name . "  Our franchise has a great history , tradition and legacy representing our proud alumni and literally tens of millions of loyal fans worldwide , " Snyder wrote . "  We are proud of our team and the passion of our loyal fans . Our fans sing ` Hail to the Redskins ' in celebration at every Redskins game . They speak proudly of ` Redskins Nation ' in honor of a sports team they love . " Critics have been pressuring the Redskins organization to consider a name change , arguing that the term is an offensive racial slur that causes serious social and mental stress to Native American communities . But Snyder -- born and raised a Redskins fan -- has remained resolute in his opposition to a new name . "  When I consider the Washington Redskins name , I think of what it stands for . I think of the Washington Redskins traditions and pride I want to share with my three children , just as my father shared with me -- and just as you have shared with your family and friends , " Snyder said . Snyder has until now been reluctant to even address the issue ; his most extensive comments came last spring when he emphatically told USA Today last spring that he will "  never " change the name . But recent attention has made it more difficult to ignore the issue . A group led by the Oneida Indian Nation launched its "  Change the Mascot " media campaign last month . And President Obama weighed in last week , telling The Associate Press that he would "  consider changing the name , " if he were the owner of team whose name offended a group of people . Opinion : Obama is right about ` Redskins ' NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has also expressed a need for dialogue . At the NFL 's annual fall meeting Tuesday , Goodell reiterated that as a Redskins fan , he does not consider the name derogatory , but "  whenever you have a situation like this , you have to listen and recognize that some other people might have different perspectives . " "  We all want to do things to honor people and not to do anything in a negative way , " Goodell said . Snyder says he is listening , but the name is not going away . "  I respect the feelings of those who are offended by the team name . But I hope such individuals also try to respect what the name means , not only for all of us in the extended Washington Redskins family , but among Native Americans too , " Snyder said , citing several polls conducted in recent years that show that a majority of people do not want the name changed . "  After 81 years , the team name ` Redskins ' continues to hold the memories and meaning of where we came from , who we are , and who we want to be in the years to come , " Snyder said . But Oneida Nation representative Ray Halbritter told CNN Monday that poll numbers do n't matter as long as anyone is offended by the name . "  It 's a dictionary defined offensive racial epithet . You should n't be using that to sell a national sports team to America or to the rest of the world , " Halbritter said . The NFL confirmed on Monday that it would send representatives to meet with Oneida leaders at a later date . It is unclear whether Snyder will be part of those meetings , but Halbritter said he hopes Snyder will come because "  it is clear from Mr. Snyder 's letter that he does not understand  the  consequences " of using Redskins as a team name . "  In the spirit of the dialogue that Mr. Snyder says he is willing to engage in , we are inviting him to join the NFL delegation in its upcoming meeting at our homelands , " Halbritter said Wednesday . "  During his visit , we will organize a special meeting of Oneida Nation families where Mr. Snyder can personally explain to them why he believes they deserve to be called ` redskins . ' " Atlanta Braves reject ` screaming Indian ' logo	Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder explains why he wo n't change team 's name In a letter , he invokes the franchise 's "  great history , tradition and legacy " Representative of Oneida Nation invites Snyder to speak with families
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Jazz musician Wynton Marsalis knows how important education is for youth , but what feeds their minds and souls , he says , often lies beyond traditional classroom walls . Musician Wynton Marsalis co-founded Jazz at Lincoln Center to broaden and inspire jazz audiences . "  The most essential thing for the development of kids and their understanding of the world are those things they do that 's not school-related -- just any extracurricular activity , " the Pulitzer Prize winner said . "  When you have activities you learn at a young age , you can do whatever you put your mind to ! " Marsalis , 47 , co-founded Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York . As part of its goal to inspire and cultivate jazz audiences , Jazz at Lincoln Center sponsors youth events including an annual nationwide high school jazz band competition and festival , a Band Director 's Academy and a popular concert series for kids . "  Jazz helps younger kids , especially , to connect with their innermost feelings and learn that -LSB- there 's -RSB- nothing wrong with being real , " Marsalis said . To Marsalis , jazz performer and instructor Davey Yarborough does just that . Yarborough provides Washington youth the opportunity and guidance to nurture their musical talents , not only as an educator at the Duke Ellington School of the Arts but also at his nonprofit jazz arts institute . Marsalis met Yarborough in the 1980s during one of his performance trips to the nation 's capital and was struck by Yarborough 's dedication to the students . "  I will see him at events , concerts . ... He always has kids with him , " Marsalis said . "  He teaches all of his kids with the same intensity and feeling , and gives them that same feeling of specialness . It 's something that ca n't be contrived . " Watch Marsalis describe how Yarborough inspires young people " Yarborough , 55 , says his motivation and inspiration stems , in part , from tragedy . After the 1988 death of one of his Duke Ellington students , Anthony Nash , in a drug trafficking incident , Yarborough decided to create a program geared toward music enrichment and mentorship during off-school hours . "  To have an element of the street take a student that was so bright and so promising was a trigger for me , " Yarborough recalled . "  I knew all the students -LSB- as -RSB- family , and I want to know what 's going on as much as I can with the students I am working with . " Yarborough established a free summer-school music program at Duke Ellington to provide his students with a "  safe space " where they could develop their skills . But when some school music programs in his district were cut , Yarborough noticed that many other students who had a desire to learn an instrument no longer had an opportunity to play or nurture their talent . "  The realization that I could only cater to the students at Ellington spurred the idea of ` OK , we need to take this into the community , ' " Yarborough said . After obtaining donated space in his local D.C. church , Yarborough and his wife , jazz vocalist Esther Williams , created the nonprofit Washington Jazz Arts Institute . Designed to serve those students who were "  left out " by the school system or "  left behind " by competitive Duke Ellington auditions , Yarborough says , the institute provides young local musicians with free jazz instruction , lectures , professional workshops and paid performance opportunities . They also have a mentoring system of professional artists . "  I wanted to really be able to see the students develop , " Yarborough said . "  Once a young person decides they want to be a musician , such as I did in the third grade , they have a support system that takes them all the way through their career . " Since its inception in 1998 , more than 1,000 students have taken free music enrichment classes at the Washington Jazz Arts Institute . "  He loves those students , " Marsalis said . "  There 's no question that his kids have a much greater appreciation of jazz , but larger than -LSB- that -RSB- , they have an appreciation of other people and of humanity and what we can all do if we invest in each other . They learn -LSB- that -RSB- from being in his presence . "	Wynton Marsalis co-founded Jazz at Lincoln Center to cultivate , inspire audiences His hero , Davey Yarborough 's nonprofit jazz arts institute is a safe haven for youth It provides free lessons , lectures and paid performance opportunities Marsalis : The nonprofit gives kids an appreciation of other people and humanity
NORFOLK , Virginia  CNN  -- Negotiators aboard a U.S. Navy warship are trying to secure the release of an American freighter captain who is being held by pirates on a lifeboat off the coast of Somalia , according to Maersk Line Ltd. . Capt. Richard Phillips of the Maersk Alabama is being held by pirates on a lifeboat off Somalia . The crew aboard the destroyer USS Bainbridge could see the lifeboat where pirates have been holding Capt. Richard Phillips since Wednesday , the company said in a written statement issued at 5 p.m. ET . Phillips has not been hurt , the statement said . Phillips , who has received provisions and batteries for his radio , has been in touch with the crews of the Alabama and the Bainbridge , the statement said . The pirates are the same four men who hijacked Phillips ' vessel , the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama , early Wednesday hundreds of miles off the Horn of Africa . The Alabama 's 20-person crew later regained control of the ship , which is owned and operated by the Norfolk-based Maersk Line Ltd. . In a written statement , Maersk spokesman Kevin Speers noted that "  there have been many questions about how the crew re-captured the ship and how the captain came to leave the ship . " But he would not clarify the matter . "  Our immediate focus has been to bring the current situation to a safe resolution , " he said . "  There will be time for due diligence and retrospective review once we have the safe return of all parties and the opportunity for a full de-briefing . " The U.S. Navy , which is in charge of the situation , requested the help of the FBI . FBI negotiators in the United States are in touch with the crew of the Bainbridge , which arrived on the scene earlier Thursday to assist , a senior U.S. defense official said . According to Maersk 's last communication with the Navy , the 28-foot lifeboat was disabled and "  dead in the water , " Speers said Thursday morning . "  We are encouraged that most of the crew is safe . They have been resilient and courageous throughout this crisis , " Speers said . "  But we will remain on watch , staffing our situation room and our family hot line until this situation is resolved and the captain is safely returned . " On Thursday , the Maersk Alabama resumed its journey to Mombasa , Kenya , with an 18-person armed security detail on board , according to Joseph Murphy , the father of the ship 's first officer . Maersk and U.S. military officials confirmed the cargo ship had left the area on Thursday , but would not say where it was heading , citing security concerns . See how pirate attacks have increased " Gen. David Petraeus , chief of U.S. Central Command , said Thursday that the Bainbridge would be getting backup shortly . "  I can tell you , there are definitely going to be more ships in that area in the next 24 or 48 hours , because there are two more sailing to it right now , " he said . "  Needless to say , we want to ensure we have all the capacity that may be needed over the course of the coming days . " Vice Adm. William E. Gortney , commander of U.S. Naval Forces Central Command , told CNN 's Barbara Starr in Bahrain that , "  We have been moving forces in that direction . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said President Obama had been staying apprised of the situation . "  Obviously , his main concern is for the safety of the captain and the rest of the crew on the ship , and he will continue to receive those updates , " he said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said an international coalition of countries is working to address the piracy threat , but the area in question is immense . "  I think the ocean area we 're referring to is three times the size of Texas , " she told reporters . iReport.com : ` Stop the pirates , Obama ! ' Referring to continuing problems with piracy in those waters , she said instability in Somalia has contributed to the flourishing of "  an old scourge . " The Alabama was loaded with food aid when the pirates hijacked it Wednesday , 350 miles off Somalia 's coast -- a distance that used to be considered safe from pirate attacks . It was the first time in recent history that pirates targeted an American ship . Watch how pirates work off Somalia " The pirates were armed with AK-47 assault rifles while the ship 's crew carried no weapons , according to Ken Quinn , the second officer of the ship . Crew members managed to take one of the four pirates hostage , Quinn said . The crew -- apparently minus the captain -- locked themselves in the compartment that contains the ship 's steering gear , where they remained for about 12 hours with their captive , whom Quinn said they had tied up . Watch Quinn describe the hijacking to CNN " The pirates reneged on their agreement to exchange Phillips for one pirate whom the crew had captured . The pirate was released unharmed , according to Quinn , who spoke to CNN on Wednesday via a satellite call . The pirates had scuttled the small boat they used to reach the ship , Quinn said , so Phillips offered them the Alabama 's 28-foot lifeboat and some money . "  We returned him , but they did n't return the captain , " Quinn said . The U.S. Navy issued a warning several days ago to ships in the area that pirates were operating farther offshore . Watch former Navy captain discuss options " There are emergency rations to last 10 days on the lifeboat , but the conditions are most likely "  uncomfortable , " according to Murphy . "  There 's no toilet facilities or anything like that , " he said . "  The captain has a VHF radio , and I 'm sure that he 's in voice communication with the ship itself . The problem is , of course , that ... the -LSB- radio 's -RSB- battery is going to die , and I 'm not really sure how they 're going to continue communication after that . " iReport.com : How should the U.S. respond ? It is common for crews of merchant vessels to travel through the area unarmed despite the risk of pirate attacks , experts said . An armed crew could provoke a firefight that would endanger the crew 's lives or its cargo , which often contains flammable or explosive material . John Reinhart , chief executive and president of Maersk Line Ltd. , said the crew can try to outrun the pirate boats or turn fire hoses on anyone trying to board the ship , "  but we do not carry arms . " Watch company spokesman say how captain is held " The vessel was carrying relief supplies for USAID , the U.N. World Food Program and the Christian charities WorldVision and Catholic Relief Services . The U.N. agency said its portion of the cargo included nearly 4,100 metric tons of corn-soya blend bound for Somalia and Uganda , and another 990 metric tons of vegetable oil for refugees in Kenya . CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	NEW : Backup heading to scene of standoff , Gen. David Petraeus says Maersk Alabama leaves scene with armed detail as negotiations for captain continue FBI assists in negotiations with pirates holding Capt. Richard Phillips in lifeboat U.S. Navy warned that pirates increasing range of operations
New York  CNN  -- Federal prosecutors said the defendants had a "  hatred and thirst for violence , " while defense attorneys argued that an FBI informant was the real culprit as opening arguments got underway Tuesday in the trial of four men accused in an alleged bomb plot . Prosecutors say the men plotted to detonate explosives near two synagogues in the Riverdale section of the Bronx in May 2009 and also sought to fire missiles at planes at an Air National Guard base . James Cromitie , David Williams , Onta Williams and Laguerre Payen were arrested on May 20 , 2009 , allegedly after having placed what they thought were bombs at two sites and before making their way to Stewart Airport in Newburgh , New York . But no bombs went off that night . The men were part of a year-long sting operation led by a paid FBI informant . The bombs and missiles were not , in fact , armed , but were rather part of the FBI 's masquerade . And defense attorneys are calling the situation entrapment . Assistant U.S. Attorney Adam Hickey painted a picture in court of the defendants -- specifically , James Cromitie -- as having a "  hatred and thirst for violence . " He described the four men as having cased and photographed targets , planned their escape , and talked about public reaction . All the while , a fifth man in their group , a man they knew to be "  Maksud " and from whom they were receiving all their funding , was actually an FBI informant who had been taping their conversations and meeting with the FBI . Hickey described the informant , whose real name is Shaheed Hussein , as having been hired by the FBI to go to a certain mosque and listen for talk of violence against Americans . According to Hickey , Cromitie and Hussein met several times over a period of months , during which time Hussein convinced Cromitie that he was a representative of the Jaish a-Mohammed , a bogus international terrorism ring he said was based in Pakistan and was looking for recruits . Hickey further charged that Cromitie expressed his desire to "  kill Jews " and make America "  pay for Afghanistan and other Muslim countries , " recruiting Williams and Williams -- who are not related -- along with Payen to be part of the mission to target Jewish institutions and military operations in the United States . But defense attorneys argued that it was Hussein , not the four defendants , who planned , funded , and directed the entire operation , seducing the poverty-stricken defendants with food , gifts , and promises of a significant payday . The defense painted a picture of Hussein as a convicted felon who began working for the FBI as part of a plea bargain that kept him from jail and deportation , and paid him $ 100,000 . Defense attorneys alleged that Hussein pressured the four men , whom , they said , he saw as his meal ticket , to agree to be a part of the mission , promising large sums of money and expensive cars and not taking no for an answer . They further alleged entrapment , as the defendants did not have violent pasts and "  could not and would not have been involved in such a conspiracy without Shaheed Hussein . " Vincent L. Briccetti , attorney for Cromitie , called the 100 hours of videotaped conversations between the men "  not a documentary but a work of fiction ... a movie produced , directed , starred in , and edited by Shaheed Hussein and the FBI . " Suzanne Brody , attorney for Onta Williams , suggested the FBI was more interested in instigating and initiating , rather than investigating . The trial will resume Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Manhattan at 9:30 a.m. ET	Four men are on trial in New York in an alleged bomb plot They are accused to plotting to blow up two synagogues They are also accused of plotting to fire missiles at U.S. military planes Defense attorneys argue the men were entrapped by an FBI informant
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad slammed British leaders as "  shallow and immature " and accused the British government of trying to arm rebels seeking his ouster . Al-Assad told The Sunday Times that the British government ca n't play a useful role in stopping the Syrian crisis . "  We do not expect an arsonist to be a firefighter , " al-Assad told the newspaper . "  To be frank , Britain has played famously in our region  an  unconstructive role in different issues , for decades , some say for centuries . I 'm telling you the perception in our region , " he said . "  The problem with this government  is  that they are shallow and immature . Rhetorics only highlight this tradition of a bullying hegemony . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague has hurled equally harsh words toward al-Assad . Sunday was no different . "  I think this will go down as one of the most delusional interviews that any national leader has given in modern times , " he told BBC in an interview . In February , the European Union renewed its arms embargo on Syria for three months but amended it to allow greater non-lethal support and technical assistance to help protect civilians . The shift in the arms embargo set an important precedent , Hague said . "  This is an important and welcome step forward . It shows we can change the arms embargo , and the worse the situation becomes , the more ready we will be to change it , " he said earlier in a statement . This month marks the two-year anniversary of the Syrian civil war , a conflict that has killed at least 70,000 people , according to international estimates . Earlier this year , al-Assad outlined a plan to resolve the Syrian crisis . His plan included national dialogue and a new constitution that would be put up for a public referendum . But there 's a major caveat : Al-Assad said he refuses to deal with "  terrorists , " a term the government often uses to describe the opposition . Similarly , opposition members have said they will not work directly with al-Assad 's "  criminal " government , nor will they accept any solution that does n't involve al-Assad 's departure . So the deadly impasse continues . At least 123 people were found dead across Syria on Sunday , including 38 in Damascus and its suburbs , according to the Local Coordination Committees for Syria , a network of opposition activists . The unrest began in March 2011 , when al-Assad 's government began a brutal crackdown on demonstrators calling for enhanced political freedoms . The protest movement eventually devolved into an armed conflict , one that has devastated cities and towns around the country and has already claimed nearly 70,000 lives . Oppostion leader returns to Syria Moaz al-Khatib , president of the National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , appeared in a social media video posted Sunday that purports to show the opposition leader in Syria . The YouTube video shows al-Khatib on a jam-packed street in Menbej . As Al-Khatib walks through the crowd , shopkeepers pop into their doorways to see what the commotion is about . He stops and affectionately greets several people . Dozens of smiling people take photos and videos with their cell phones . CNN can not independently verify when the video was shot . The people shown in it all wear winter coats or sweaters . Menbej is in a rebel-held area in northern Syria . The opposition group said al-Khatib met with senior officials and judicial council members . He also visited a military camp for the Free Syrian Army and met with field commanders about future operations . "  He is on a tour to northern Syria to affirm his concern with Syrians inside the country and that he is in communication with all segments in the civil society and the military , " a spokesman said in a written statement . Al-Khatib is a former cleric of the historic Umayyad Mosque in Damascus and is a highly respected figure in Syria . He fled the country last year due to security concerns .	NEW : At least 123 people killed across the country Sunday Top British official calls the interview "  delusional " Al-Assad describes Britain as a "  bullying hegemony " that ca n't end the Syrian crisis "  We do not expect an arsonist to be a firefighter , " al-Assad says
Florida A&M University is undertaking reforms to address hazing on and off campus , according to a written response the school put out after a scathing report that alleged it had done too little . It will develop a centralized database to better track complaints and conduct violations , while increasing collaboration with local police , according to the 27-page response submitted Wednesday . The Florida Board of Governors , which manages the state 's universities , put out the report after drum major Robert Champion died following a beating he took in November 2011 aboard a school bus after a football game in Orlando , Florida . The hazing was part of a ritual known as "  Crossing Bus C , " in which pledges attempt to run down the bus aisle while being punched , kicked and assaulted by more senior members of the school 's famed marching band . The university has since created staff positions charged with implementing and monitoring FAMU 's anti-hazing policy and is expected to provide additional training to school employees . But FAMU also disputed parts of the report that suggested it had not processed certain hazing allegations , and the school said that its judicial affairs office had acted properly . Last month , the school was put on probation for one year over its handling of the November incident . FAMU : Students must sign anti-hazing pledge	The university says it 's created staff positions charged with implementing anti-hazing policies It disputed parts of report that suggested it had n't processed some hazing allegations Drum major Robert Champion died after a beating aboard a bus in November 2011
CNN  -- As admitted NSA leaker Edward Snowden bides his time , presumably in Moscow , President Barack Obama expresses hope that other countries will follow the letter of the law and turn over the former national security contractor to the United States . Truth is , there are n't many real options for the United States in getting Snowden back to face espionage charges . Here are actions the United States could pursue and why they most likely would n't work : Demands for Snowden to return Obama risks his and national prestige by directly calling for a country to release Snowden to the United States and to have those demands fall on deaf ears . "  It 's dangerous for the president to become overexposed , " said Anthony Cordesman , chairman of strategic studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  If he takes a stand , if he makes threats , if he calls on other countries to essentially return something like Snowden , the problem is he can compromise his prestige , that of the country , and basically be exposed to all kinds of statements about free speech , " he said . Cordesman said there 's not much to gain and lots to lose by making a high-profile push to get Snowden back in the United States to face charges . "  We have forced him effectively into exile -- there 's not much to be gained from pushing this issue , particularly if you can not be certain of success , " he said . "  The harder you press , the more you publicize this issue , the more you have effectively put America 's prestige at stake . " Cordesman said the effort to get him back may hinge on what Snowden may know , if anything new . "  What does he know about sources and methods , which are not really of interest to the media or the Congress or the American public . But often very small amounts of information he may have as to how the intelligence community operates can be put in the context of other counter intelligence efforts in countries like Russia and China , " he said . Snowden keeps much of the world guessing Extradition While it 's true that the United States has treaties and agreements with Russia and other countries , those agreements are n't always followed . After the U.S. charged Snowden with espionage and revoked his passport , Hong Kong still allowed Snowden to board a flight for Russia . Officials later said they had n't been informed that his passport had been revoked . "  This is much more of a political and diplomatic matter than it is a legal matter , " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  In an ordinary case , sure , you need a passport to get around . But here , where this case is causing increasing embarrassment for the United States , governments that want the United States to be embarrassed are only too happy to waive some of the technical legal rules . " Toobin said the matter is going to be decided by whatever government controls Snowden . "  He is now in Russia , a country that has very frosty relations with the United States now . He 's thinking of going to Cuba , to Ecuador . It 's obvious why he 's picking those countries , because those are countries that have frosty or even worse relationships with the United States . "  So it 's really not a question of the legal -- the legal rights of the United States to extradite him , it 's a question of do these governments want to turn him over . He 's in a country that does n't want to turn him over , at least not now . And he wants to get another country that does n't want to do it , " Toobin said . Interactive : En route with Snowden Diplomacy Quiet negotiation between the United States and Russia , or wherever Snowden ends up , is the most likely scenario , experts say . "  It would probably be that there would be some arrangement through whatever country he ends up in where the United States , through diplomatic means , offers some kind of quid pro quo , some kind of guarantee as to his status and how he will be prosecuted and there is essentially the same kind of implied debt as there is when we exchange spies , " Cordesman said . "  It has to be taken at the diplomatic level , there have to be quiet quid pro quos , and the more they are kept from the media , the better , " he said . That 's probably already going on behind the scenes because there is a better chance of getting Snowden back from Russia than from some of the other countries in which he 's reportedly seeking asylum . Snowden 's no-show leaves reporters stuck on plane Military action Highly unlikely , experts say . The U.S. military could take the extraordinary stop of trying to intercept Snowden 's flight and force it to land or if it entered U.S. air space , air traffic controllers could tell the pilot to land . "  That would create a colossal international incident and I just do n't believe the president wants to do that , " said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University . Why would Snowden head for Ecuador ?	Demands , diplomacy , extradition are among options to get Snowden back to face charges Russia may be best option ; other countries mentioned have difficult relations with the United States Snowden flew from Hong Kong to Moscow ; His passport has been revoked Military option of forcing any plane carrying Snowden to land is unlikely , expert says
CNN  -- Southern California residents flooded 911 centers Wednesday night with calls about a mysterious , fast-moving streak of light in the sky . Was it a meteor ? , they wondered . The answer , according to meteorologists , is maybe . The North American Aerospace Defense Command weather department says the streak of light that caused consternation from many most likely was part of a meteor shower . "  We 've gotten numerous phone calls of people reporting seeing something bright $ " consistent with a meteor shower -- over the eastern desert communities of San Diego , " said Lt.Michael Munsey of the San Diego Sheriff 's Department . There were sightings as far away as Arizona , Utah and Las Vegas , CNN affiliate KCBS reported . And someone even claimed on YouTube that he captured footage of the streak of light . Matthew Isaacs , from Mission Viejo , said he was driving when he saw the flash of light . "  I saw this big , greenish flash like , light up the sky . It was headed pretty sideways from like , east to west . I thought , ` Is that a firework ? ' And then I realized , that could n't be that big . It 's just in the middle of nowhere in a totally dark area where there 's no houses or anything where anyone would shoot fireworks . I thought , ` Man , it must have been a meteor , ' " Isaacs told KCBS . The light most likely came from the South Taurids meteor showers . These meteors are generally the most visible in the first half of November , the American Meteor Society says . Meteor lights up East Coast -- and social media	Bright light in the sky spooks many in Southern California NORAD says it was most likely a meteor San Diego deputy says they received many calls about it
CNN  -- "  Heal those people with your music , your movements within your souls . " It 's a powerful piece of advice that Todd Twala , co-founder of "  Africa Umoja : Spirit of Togetherness , " gives to her cast backstage before their opening show in Atlanta , the second city on their first tour in the United States . Africa Umoja is a celebration of the evolution of South African culture through its history of music and dance . Sharing the joy that comes with overcoming obstacles of poverty in their own lives , the cast , which includes former street children , moves its audiences with explosive energy , earth-shaking beats and endless fun . The show celebrates lives of freedom , and encourages people to move past their differences with love . Joe Theron , one of its producers , describes the show as one that "  intertwines all of the hardships South Africa faced , like apartheid , in a manner where you will never feel oppressed . It 's uplifting . Even in hard times there is always laughter . " Africa Umoja was originally conceived in 1983 as an outreach program that took displaced and impoverished South African children off the streets . Twala and co-founder Thembi Nyandeni retired from dancing professionally in order to create the project . It began as a course teaching children  who later became the show 's original cast  how to sing and dance in traditional ways . Through her training , Twala reminds them to persevere through hardship and "  never , ever give up on life . " Read also : Band keeps youngsters from gang life Thabo Legae , the show 's lead drummer , is just one example of Twala 's encouragement . He says that his career with Umoja "  saved " him from the potential danger that comes with street life , making him a role model for children to make something of themselves , and be grateful for their rich African history . "  Music is life to us , " says Legae . He says playing the drums is a skill he inherited . "  I feel like my ancestors are talking to me when I play them . " With the beat of his drum , he and the cast take audiences through the evolution of their culture , highlighting multiple milestones in South African history . The show begins with the early days of the drum , with tribal dancers wearing traditional skins , leathers and furs . It continues through the oppressive chaos of apartheid in Johannesburg , as adults retreat to dancing in crowded speakeasies , filled with jazz . As times change , the cast reveals the evolution through the post-apartheid era with remnants of the rhythmic tribal sounds in the beats of contemporary urban "  Kwaito " music . Twala says music kept people in South Africa motivated during difficult times . "  It was through music that we kept sane during the apartheid so that we could express ourselves through our bodies and our voices . " She says the beat of the drum is vital part of their culture 's unity : "  The drum is our heartbeat in Africa . I ca n't imagine African people without a drum , its beat reminds us that our hearts beat as one . " Read this : Fight club - boxing gives teenagers hope Having toured close to 50 countries since 2001 , Africa Umoja has jumped into new territory after being sponsored by the International Arts Foundation to embark on its tour of the United States . The crowd-pleasing authenticity of each song at the Atlanta show was indicative of how almost anyone can relate to the emotions that come with their sounds . Every song was representative of the diverse ethnicities in South Africa , and featured about nine different languages . Ancestral legacy is a prominent theme in the show . Theron reflects on how the history of many cultures is often neglected and should not be forgotten . "  As the saying goes : ` If you do n't know where you come from , how do you know where you 're going ? ' " he says . By paying homage to those who have struggled before them , Twala has shaped the theme of the show around keeping their stories alive , helping younger generations to learn about their roots and how their lives have been shaped today . She reminds her cast that their success could not be achieved without struggle . "  They should never forget that somebody sacrificed so that you can get where you are today ... Mandela went through hell and back for us . I would n't have this show if Mandela did n't sacrifice himself for our freedom . " There is a scene dedicated to Nelson Mandela and his work during the apartheid era . "  Long Road to Freedom " is a song written specifically for the show , in his honor . Umoja opened its show in Atlanta on July 18 -- Nelson Mandela 's 95th birthday . Even though the cast have performed for the former South African president in the past , they agree it was a "  special day " they will never forget . Read also : Mandela 's life in poster art The standing ovations were evidence that any experience with Umoja will be unforgettable as they continue to lift spirits and share their joy with one city at a time .	Africa Umoja is an explosive musical stage show , featuring traditional song and dance It started out as a project to help South African street children The show tells South African history , in multiple musical styles It is currently touring United States
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Two more suspects in the killing of a Hamas leader in Dubai , both carrying British passports , have been identified , police said Tuesday . This brings to eight the number of people who entered Dubai with British passports to allegedly take part in the killing of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of the military wing of the Palestinian Islamist movement . The development is likely to deepen concerns over how the killers acquired the passports a day after the European Union condemned what it said were brazen cases of identity theft . Elvis passport exposes security flaw Altogether , 18 people -- 16 men and two women -- were part of the Dubai hit-squad , police said . Fifteen of them had European passports -- eight from Britain , five from Ireland , one from France and one from Germany . Two more were Palestinians and are being held by police in Dubai after being arrested in Jordan . The country of origin of the 18th passport has not been released . The passports used are not fake or forged , but are authentic passports meant for other people , officials have said . Dubai 's police chief has said he is "  99-percent " certain that the Mossad , the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit , is behind al-Mabhouh 's killing . European officials have been pressing Israel for answers . Israel has a policy of neither confirming nor denying involvement in security matters , and government officials declined to comment on the "  assassination " statement . Al-Mabhouh was behind the kidnapping and killing of two Israeli soldiers in 1989 , according to Hamas .	Police say eight people entered Dubai on UK passports to carry out killing A total of 18 people took part in assassination , police say Dubai 's police chief says he is "  99-percent " certain Israel involved in killing
CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel says his Afghan counterpart assured him that an important security pact will be reached with Kabul in a "  timely manner , " despite a failure so far to forge a deal . Hagel made the remark during a visit to Afghanistan on Saturday . What is known as the bilateral security agreement -- ready to be implemented but still unsigned -- initially has been front and center in Hagel 's visit . Hagel met with Afghanistan 's officials , including the country 's defense minister , as Washington works to get Afghanistan to ink a bilateral security agreement to keep some U.S. and other coalition troops in the country after next year . The Defense secretary said that from what he has heard in his discussions with Afghan ministers , they believe it 's in the country 's interest to have such an agreement -- which lays out the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan after 2014 , when the NATO-led force of some 80,000 troops is scheduled to leave . "  The minister of defense assured me that the BSA would be signed and would be signed in a very timely manner , " Hagel said , making reference to Defense Minister Bismullah Khan Mohammadi . But failure to forge a security pact with Afghan President Hamid Karzai has generated growing consternation among U.S. officials . The security agreement itself has been endorsed by the Afghan council of tribal leaders , called the loya jirga , but Karzai said he wo n't sign it until after the country 's elections in April and until certain conditions are met . These conditions include an end to U.S. raids on Afghan homes and the release of Afghan prisoners from the Guantanamo Bay detention center . Washington has resisted such changes , saying Karzai 's demands are new provisions added to a deal that was already reached . Hagel said he had n't planned to meet with Karzai and played down the significance of being in Afghanistan and not meeting with the president . He said the trip had been planned for weeks and its purpose was visiting troops and meeting with Afghan commanders to assess their progress . And , he told reporters , there have been many discussions at the political level with Karzai during recent visits by other others , such as Secretary of State John Kerry . Hagel emphasized the importance of the loya jirga 's decision and said "  we are planning for a post-2014 presence here . " But he said NATO -- which commands the multination International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan -- will eventually need clarity on the security agreement 's status so it can properly plan its work in the country . NATO warned it may be forced to withdraw all of its troops from Afghanistan by the end of next year if Karzai does n't sign a security agreement with the United States . Karzai , meanwhile , is scheduled to make a visit to Iran on Sunday . Iran 's semi-official Mehr News said Karzai will be meeting with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . According to state-run Press TV , an Iranian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Tehran does n't believe the security agreement will benefit the Afghan government and nation . Marzieh Afkham said Tehran 's position is that the security pact is not "  useful for the long-term expedience and interests of Afghanistan . " and could have a negative impact on regional issues . CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Joe Sterling , and Reza Sayah contributed to this report	Hagel visiting troops in Afghanistan Defense secretary gets assurances Karzai visiting Iran on Sunday
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- After rubbing shoulders with Susan Sarandon , Danny Glover , Charlize Theron and Charles Barkley at the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , New York Post celebrity gossip columnist Cindy Adams jetted off to "  one of the dullest towns in America , " according to her latest column , to sniff out politically-inclined celebs in St. Paul . "  I would n't know -LSB- Sarah Palin -RSB- from an Alaskan salmon ! " columnist Cindy Adams says . What does John McCain running mate Sarah Palin have in common with an Alaskan salmon ? And who will win November ? Just a few of the five questions we put to the woman famous for knowing famous people over dinner at the CNN Grill . CNN.com : First things first : Celebrity-wise , does the Republican convention compare to Denver ? Adams : It does n't . It ca n't compare , because Hollywood is very left-wing . And there were so many celebrities in Denver . Everywhere you looked , you fell over somebody who thought they were important . Here , not . CNN.com : Is that a good or bad thing ? Adams : It makes for more excitement . It makes for more media attention . J.Lo , you got Spike Lee , you got Ashley Judd . They 're all schlepping around thinking they 're saving the world , see , thinking they 're saving mankind . You do n't have that here . CNN.com : What do you hope to accomplish by attending this convention ? Adams : I would like to help McCain have a fine election . I would like to wave my flag . I 'm a patriotic red , white and blue flag-waving American . If this is our system , then I want it to work . And I just want McCain to have an equal shot just like -LSB- Barack -RSB- Obama did . CNN.com : What are your thoughts on McCain 's running mate , Sarah Palin ? Adams : I do n't know ! I do n't know this woman ! I mean I would n't know her from an Alaskan salmon . None of us knew her . it 's going to take six months to figure out what she does other than make mooseburgers ! I do not know this lady . I 'm sure she 's wonderful . I 'm not bright enough to have made a vice presidential pick . But it 's going to take us six months to know who she is . Right now , I do n't like the fact that she mispronounces "  I " - raq and "  I " - ran . If she would say Iraq and Iran , I would be happier . CNN.com : Any thoughts on who will win in November ? Adams : Of course , I 'm right here at the Republican Convention , and I 'm picking up -LSB- on -RSB- what they 're saying , obviously . I sort of think that when it finally gets down to it , not everybody in Middle America is going to press the lever for Obama . I just do n't think he 's ready . I sort of think there will be upset . But I 'm picking up the vibes from the Republican convention .	Gossip columnist says too many people "  thought they were important " in Denver "  I just want McCain to have an equal shot " like Obama , Adams says Adams also shares her thoughts on Sarah Palin and the election 's outcome
CNN  -- Tour de France champion Bradley Wiggins doubled Britain 's gold medal tally , just hours after the host nation won its first event at the London Olympics on Wednesday . With his seventh Olympic medal , four of them gold , Wiggins is now the most decorated British Olympian , while the morning 's medal ensured Heather Stanning and Helen Glover became the first British female rowers to win an Olympic title . Wiggins had been the favorite for gold after winning both time trial stages en route to becoming Britain 's first Tour de France Champion last month this year , and his dominance was clear to see as he finished eight seconds ahead of the Germany 's 2011 world champion Tony Martin . Wiggins ' teammate Chris Froome claimed the bronze , as former Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara ended a disappointing seventh . The Swiss rider injured his shoulder in Saturday 's road race and was clearly in pain when he crossed finish line . American Taylor Phinney finished fourth , nine seconds off a podium place . Earlier , 27-year-old Stanning and Glover , 26 , established an imperious lead from the start in the coxless pair 's . -- stretching it to as much as two lengths at one point -- as they opened Britain 's gold medal account . Australia 's Kate Hornsey and Sarah Tait claimed silver , with Juliette Haigh and Rebecca Scown of New Zealand a mere 0.33 seconds behind in third . Tens of thousands of British fans -- eager for a first victory for the Olympic hosts -- had lined the banks of Eton Dorney to witness the Britons finish in 7:27.13 , three seconds ahead of Australia . Moments later Britain were on the podium again , as the men 's eights put in a battling performance in the to claim bronze , behind a resurgent Canada in second and a dominant German team in first . Britain 's cycling and rowing medal successes helped GB move up in the medal table from 21st to 10th , with hopes high that there could be more medals for the hosts at the Aquatics Center in Wednesday 's evening session .	Team GB win their first gold medals on day five of the Olympics Tour de France winner Bradley Wiggins becomes the most decorated British Olympian Rowers Heather Stanning and Helen Glover triumph in the women 's pair Gold medal success pushed Great Britain up to 10th in the medal table
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian forces secured and cleared a Cairo mosque that had become the epicenter of Saturday 's confrontations between protesters and the military , interior ministry spokesman Hani Abdel-Latif said . Hundreds of supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsy had been holed up in the Al-Fateh mosque in central Cairo since overnight . Without food or medical supplies , but fearful of reprisals if they walked out , the protesters earlier rebuffed the military 's request for them to clear the building . The situation escalated as security forces fired at the mosque 's minaret , claiming there were snipers firing at them . In the end , the security forces were successful in securing the place . The clashes at the mosque had threatened to pull Egypt into another day of widespread violence on Saturday . Political unrest preceded the military coup that ousted Morsy , and his supporters have held massive rallies against the interim government and its supporters . Both sides blame each other for instigating violence . "  We are not facing a political struggle , " interim presidential adviser Mustapha Higazi said . "  We are facing war waged by extreme forces . " The spokesman referred to the protesters as terrorists and warned that "  what we see in the streets will not be accepted . " The government urged pro-Morsy protesters to "  come to their senses " and unite Egyptians . "  We express our deepest sorrow and offer our condolences to those who have their blood spilled , " Higazi said . At least 173 people have been killed across the country since Friday 's mass protests began , the government said . It was an especially bloody week in Egypt , as the interim government put in place by a military coup seeks to restore stability to the country while Morsy supporters fight to restore the democratically elected former president to power . With no end to the clashes in sight , the pressure on the international community to act increases , raising questions about aid and diplomacy in North Africa and the Middle East . The government stepped up its rhetoric Saturday , blaming the protestors -- particularly those affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood -- of attacking police stations , churches and civilians . The future of the Muslim Brotherhood and others will be subject to evaluations regarding their legal status , Higazi said . Members of the Muslim Brotherhood who have not been involved in violence and who would like to "  join the peaceful Egyptian march toward the future " would be welcomed , but others will face the law , he said . "  We are not in the effort of dissolving anyone , or preventing anyone from being active in the public domain , but are trying to make sure everyone is legalized according to Egyptian law , " he added . The interim government spokesman also accused the international media of bias and telling an incomplete story . Inside the Al-Fateh mosque Hundreds of protesters defied a government-imposed curfew Friday night and stood fast at Ramses Square . The government had warned that those breaking curfew would be dealt with "  firmly . " But security forces appear to have acted with restraint overnight , when 1,000 people reportedly took refuge inside the mosque located on the square . During clashes on Friday -- which protesters had dubbed "  a day of anger " -- the building had served as a makeshift morgue and field hospital for the pro-Morsy protesters . The military offered to provide safe passage out for those inside the mosque , but the protesters said they feared that they would be attacked by pro-government supporters aligned with the military who were also outside the mosque . The military told the protesters inside the mosque that they would be taken to an unspecified location , said Hanan Amin , a doctor who spoke with CNN from inside the mosque . Without water and food , and distrustful of the military forces outside the building , those who remained inside said they felt like hostages . "  We want to go home in a very polite way , " Amin said . "  It 's a shame for our military persons to deal with our people like this . " A son of Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Mohamed Badie was killed Friday during a protest near the mosque , said the Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice party . Ammar Badie , 38 , was shot in his neck and head . More violence Elsewhere in Cairo , the military engaged Friday night in battles with roving bands of armed protesters , state media reported . Helicopters circled overhead , and there were reports that protesters were trying to shoot them down . Smoke wafted through Ramses Square from a fire that engulfed a nearby commercial building . It was unclear what caused the fire . Death counts continued to rise in the confrontation that began Wednesday when an estimated 580 people were killed and 4,000 wounded as the military forced pro-Morsy protesters out of encampments in Cairo . There was no apparent progress toward a political resolution to the crisis . An umbrella group for opponents of the military government called for daily demonstrations next week . The casualties have not been limited to Morsy supporters and security forces . A number of bystanders , residents and journalists have been killed . In northern Egypt , at least 25 people were killed and 171 wounded in fighting Friday between Morsy supporters and the military in the coastal city of Alexandria , a government spokesman said Saturday . The Interior Ministry said 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood members were arrested Friday across Egypt . State-run Nile TV reported Brotherhood members were charged with rioting and creating violence . Authorities seized seven hand grenades , five automatic weapons , pistols and 710 rounds of ammunition , state media said . French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for a meeting next week of European Union foreign ministers to coordinate a response . U.S. President Barack Obama condemned the crackdown by security forces Thursday and canceled scheduled joint exercises by the U.S. and Egyptian military . Obama received a briefing on Egypt on Saturday , a senior administration official told CNN . Obama has declined to label Morsy 's ouster by the military a coup , a declaration that would stop U.S. military aid to Egypt . CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo ; Mariano Castillo wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ali Younes , David Simpson , Christabelle Fombu , Hamdi Alkhshali , Pierre Meilhan , Saad Abedine , Saskya Vandoorne , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ian Lee and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	NEW : Al-Fateh mosque has been secured and cleared Government : ` We are facing war waged by extreme forces ' More protesters leave mosque as security forces escort a group of women State TV reports more than 1,000 Muslim Brotherhood members arrested
Derik , Kurdish-controlled northern Syria  CNN  It was n't until jihadist militants mounted a relentless siege of Kobani , a border town within sight of international television cameras , that much of the world realized ethnic Kurds were an effective fighting force within Syria . But as much of the rest of Syria ripped itself apart in a vicious civil war , Syria 's Kurdish minority spent three years quietly building a series of mini-states in the north of the country . They refer to these three enclaves as Rojava . Until recently , some outside observers saw them as something of a success . "  They tried to run them as pretty autonomous statelets that were actually rather admirable in some ways . They included many different ethnic groups , faith groups , and they tried to be inclusive , " said Hugh Pope , a senior analyst with the International Crisis Group , a conflict mediation organization . Bulletins pasted on walls on the streets of one Kurdish-controlled town urge business owners to post signs in the three official languages of Rojava : Kurdish , Arabic , and Syriac -- an ancient Christian language spoken in the Middle East for nearly 2,000 years . "  The municipality will help in preparation and translation , " the bulletins printed by the municipality of Derik . "  Our language is our identity , our history , our existence and our dignity . " In some ways , the Kurdish-controlled zone feels a world away from many other battle-scarred towns in northern Syria . These areas have barely been targeted by the Syrian government airstrikes and barrel bombs that pummel rebel-held cities and towns , killing at least 182 civilians last week alone , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Unlike the atmosphere in territory controlled by Islamist militias , women in Rojava walk freely on the streets , their hair and faces uncovered . And everywhere , there are posters and graffiti celebrating the bravery and martyrdom of Kurdish fighters from the People 's Protection Units , or YPG . "  Our martyrs do not die . They live on in memory ! " a Kurdish commander announced at a memorial ceremony for slain fighters . The commander , a woman dressed in green camouflage wearing a pistol on her belt , stood in front of scores of uniformed female Kurdish militants who performed military parade drills with Kalashnikov assault rifles . A pillar of the Kurdish movement 's ideology rests on gender equality . The fiercely secular YPG stands in sharp contrast to its bitter enemy the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . In territories it controls , ISIS militants dramatically reduced freedoms of women and issued public statements justifying the kidnapping and enslavement of thousands of women from the Yazidi religious minority in Iraq . "  We as women defend and protect our people , " said Hadiye Yusuf , the female co-president of the largest of the 3 Kurdish enclaves , in an address at the memorial ceremony . "  We carry weapons to protect our homes and avoid becoming slaves of ISIS , " she added . At the conclusion of the ceremony , female fighters as well as the mothers and widows of YPG members killed fighting ISIS , chanted "  Biji sera Apo , " or "  Long Live Apo . " Apo is the nickname of Abdullah Ocalan , the imprisoned leader of the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK . For 30 years , militants from this Marxist-inspired Kurdish separatist movement fought a guerilla war against the government in nearby Turkey . To this day , Turkey , as well as its NATO allies the United States and the European Union , officially label the PKK a terrorist organization . YPG leaders insist the PKK is a fraternal , though distinctly separate organization . The YPG 's iconography and membership suggest otherwise . PKK leader Ocalan 's portrait sits at the center of many posters of slain YPG fighters . In addition , during two trips CNN journalists made to Rojava , CNN encountered at least a dozen armed Kurdish militants of Turkish origin . In an interview with CNN , co-president Hadiye Yusuf said in her youth she had been a PKK fighter , before eventually becoming an activist in a women 's association . The Syrian Kurds ' close links to the PKK put Rojava at odds with the Kurdish zone 's neighbor to the north : Turkey . That left the enclave of Kobani vulnerable when ISIS mounted its assault last month . "  When push came to shove in Kobani , the YPG fighters were terribly exposed and have been dealt very cruel blows , " said the ICG 's Hugh Pope . More than 200,000 refugees fled across the border to Turkey to escape the ISIS advance . Meanwhile , Kobani 's Kurdish defenders were pushed back almost to the border fence with Turkey in their grim struggle against the jihadi offensive . American airstrikes , and a series of weapons and ammunition air drops , succeeded in loosening the ISIS siege . But the US move to help the Syrian Kurds strained relations with Turkey , whose president called the American aid drops "  a mistake . " While the Syrian Kurds have become a point of tension between two NATO allies , they are also enjoying soaring popularity among Kurds scattered across different countries in the Middle East . Last August , YPG fighters mounted a daring rescue operation across the border into neighboring Iraq . They evacuated thousands of of Iraqi Kurds from the Yazidi religious group , who were trapped by ISIS on a barren mountain . Over the last month , the YPG 's defense of Kobani have electrified and united Kurds often fractured by linguistic and political divisions . But the popularity has come at great cost . Hundreds of YPG members have been killed , and many more wounded , in the war against ISIS . At the memorial ceremony for fallen fighters last weekend , a widow named Khalisa Gharzi sat with her daughter and son watching the speeches . She was in the final month of her pregnancy with her daughter Zhanda last year , when her husband Ramadan was killed in a battle with ISIS . Gharzi said her husband 's body had been mutilated when it was recovered , with one of his ears severed . "  I am angry and sad about what happened to him , but I 'm still proud because he was a fighter , " Gharzi said . "  If I did n't have these children , I myself would go and fight . Because this is a just war . " Not far away , her 3-and-a-half-year old son Hogur played next to rows of female fighters who sat on the parade ground clutching their rifles . The boy was dressed in the green camouflage uniform of a future Kurdish fighter . ISIS prisoners reveal life inside terror group	Syrian Kurds have become a point of tension between NATO allies Turkey and the U.S. The United States has aided Kurdish defenders holding off ISIS in Kobani But for 30 years , militants from the Kurdish separatist movement fought a guerilla war Their opponent in that fight has been the government in nearby Turkey .
CNN  -- Investigators have heard a signal from the flight data recorders of the Yemenia Airways plane that crashed last week , they announced Sunday . Search parties continue their operation to locate the Yemenia Airbus A310 off the Comoros Islands Saturday . "  A signal was picked up from two acoustic transmitters from the plane 's flight data recorders during a sea search to locate the data recorders this morning , " the French air accident investigation agency , known as the BEA , said in a statement . Commonly known as "  black boxes , " the data recorders should contain information to help determine what caused the crash . The Yemenia Airways Airbus 310 crashed into the Indian Ocean early Tuesday , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members . It originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , and went down just miles from Moroni , the capital of the Comoros Islands . One person , a 13-year-old French girl , survived . Bahia Basari , who lives in Marseille , escaped with cuts to her face and a fractured collarbone . Watch teen survivor from crash " The teen 's father , Kassim Bakari , told a French radio network that his wife and daughter were flying to Comoros to visit relatives . "  When I had her on the phone , I asked her what happened and she said , ` Daddy , I do n't know what happened , but the plane fell into the water and I found myself in the water ... surrounded by darkness . I could not see anyone , ' " Bakari told France Info . The head of the rescue team in the Comoros told French radio RTL that the teenager beat astonishing odds to survive . "  It is truly , truly , miraculous , " Ibrahim Abdoulazeb said . "  The young girl can barely swim . " Another rescuer told France 's Europe 1 radio that the girl was spotted in the rough sea , among bodies and plane debris in darkness , about two hours after the crash . The Airbus 310 plane tried to land at the airport in Moroni , then made a U-turn before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said soon after the accident . A French official said the nation had banned the plane after it failed an aviation inspection in 2007 . "  Since this check-up , we have not seen the plane reappearing in France , " said Dominique Bussereau , the transport minister . But Yemenia Airlines was not on the European Union 's list of banned airlines , he added . Passengers on the flight included 66 French citizens , 54 Comorians , one Palestinian and one Canadian , according to Yemeni and French officials . The crew was made up of six Yemenis , two Moroccans , one Ethiopian , one Filipino and one Indonesian . The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar .	Comoros Islands lie between east African and the island nation of Madagascar Data recorders should contain information to help determine what caused the crash Teenage girl only person to survive plane crash off Comoros islands French , U.S. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies from the plane
CNN  -- I 'm looking forward to Thursday night 's installment of CNN 's "  The Sixties " with some trepidation . True , it 's another excellent installment in the series . Capturing the highlights and essence of a decade , especially one as turbulent and historically significant as the '60s , is not easy . Given the controversial nature of many of the events -- at the time and even today -- and given how much influence some of those movements and events still exert , the task of putting together even a multipart series is daunting . Thursday 's episode will cover the 1968 assassinations of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , on April 4 , and of Bobby Kennedy , on June 5 . Other episodes will cover the beginnings of the gay rights movement -- the Stonewall riots -- and the emergence of the women 's rights movement . Those events changed my life , immediately . Those movements changed the way I saw the world , eventually . I was born on December 15 , 1959 -- the cusp of the '60s . As the baby boomers came of age , or at least entered their teens , I went from infancy , to being a toddler , to childhood . I have no direct memories of the Cuban Missile Crisis , JFK 's assassination , the Beatles coming to America , or the buildup of the Vietnam War . "  I Have A Dream " was my dream -- it still is , of course -- but I learned the words in reruns . But I was old enough to be affected directly by the events in this episode . As I wrote in "  Cooking With Grease , " I grew up on April 4 , 1968 , when Martin Luther King was shot . I 'd been active in neighborhood politics even before , but that night , at 9 years old , I joined the civil rights movement . I had no choice . None of us did . When Bobby Kennedy was assassinated two months later , we prayed . I remember praying . I remember my anger , my fear , my determination . I remember talking to everyone I trusted , everyone I thought wise . The times indeed were changing , but nobody knew what they were changing into . Our challenge was channeling anger into action , transforming despair into determination , using defeat to become more disciplined . I learned early it 's a lifetime challenge . While the civil rights movement was woven into my childhood , it took a bit longer for me to become aware of what was then called the women 's liberation movement . Of course , the fight for equality goes back into the 19th century , even to Founders like Abigail Adams . But it was in 1968 that "  women 's lib " became an official part of the societal shift , the tide of change toward economic , social and legal equality .  The name "  women 's liberation " came from a nationally circulated newsletter that came out of Chicago . It was a time of consciousness-raising , and women refused to be left out . In 1968 , 100 women protested the Miss America beauty pageant . In 1972 , Gloria Steinem published the first issue of Ms. Magazine , but the seeds had been sown earlier . Women like Steinem , Bella Abzug , Shirley Chisholm , Betty Friedan , Barbara Jordan -- they showed a young girl just entering her teens that being a woman was n't a political handicap , but an asset . Or it could be . The gay rights movement also started in the late '60s , but it had the farthest to go . Like the push for women 's equality , it actually started earlier . It just found its voice , following the footsteps of the civil rights and women 's rights movements . The impetus was the Stonewall riots . When police raided the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village on June 28 , 1969 , it sent shock waves through the gay and lesbian community . Police lost control of the situation , people rioted , and more protests occurred the next night , and again on other nights . Village residents began organizing , trying to establish places where gays and lesbians could be open without harassment or arrest . Organizing nationwide was slow . Gaining acceptance by other activist groups was slow . Getting respect and equal treatment before the law was slow . It still is . But where we are today began then . And if we want to have an honest discussion about where we are , and where we can and should go , we need to understand the '60s a lot better than we do . I hope you 'll tune in .	Events in "  The Sixties " changed the world and the way Donna Brazile saw it MLK , RFK killed in 1968 . Brazile was only 9 but joined the civil rights movement Civil rights , women 's rights , gay rights , all came into their own in the '60s To discuss who we are and where we can go , we need to understand the '60s
CNN  -- Everyone agrees that we do n't want criminals to get guns . And in the debate over gun control , the vast majority of the public also agrees that requiring background checks for all gun transactions -- even private sales at gun shows or between acquaintances -- would achieve this end . The National Rifle Association and its allies oppose this idea because they believe a federal background check requirement will lead to gun registration . This , they argue , is a violation of the privacy of gun owners and could one day help the government confiscate all guns . We believe it is possible to have an effective background-check system in the United States for all gun transactions without requiring gun registration . There is no intrinsic tradeoff here between privacy and public safety . Opinion : Why the NRA fights background checks Why do we need a universal background check requirement ? Right now , federal law requires background checks only for gun sales made by licensed federal firearms dealers  FFLs  , not private parties . Most gun sales involve a licensed dealer , but not when criminals are the buyers . Surveys of inmates in jail or prison regularly show that 80 % to 90 % got their crime guns from a family member , acquaintance or "  the street " -- transactions for which federal law does not require a background check . That 's the mother of all loopholes . Requiring background checks for non-FFL sales in the secondary market can make it harder for criminals to get guns . Disconnect on background checks Someone with a gun to sell could avoid any liability by paying a small fee to a licensed dealer to conduct the background check on the buyer .  In California , which has had this system in place since 1991 , the fee is $ 10 .  If the buyer happened to be a felon or a fugitive , then the licensed dealer would be required to block the sale . Those who oppose requiring a universal background check worry the only way the government would be able to enforce such a law would be by requiring all gun owners to register their guns with the government . But that view reflects a lack of imagination . There are other possibilities . Would background checks have stopped recent mass shootings ? For one thing , the licensed federal firearms dealer who presides over a private sale could be required to report the transaction to the state without giving the name of the buyer . Each state could then keep a database of gun transfers , including the serial number of the gun and the identity of the seller . That database would not be a registry because it would not identify any current owners . But it would facilitate police investigations . Another possibility would not require any reporting on the part of the licensed dealer . Instead , gun owners themselves would be required to keep documentation on any transactions in which one of their guns was transferred to another person . That documentation could then help the police trace a gun through the chain of possession from first retail sale by a licensed dealer . If the gun were associated with a crime or a criminal , then police investigators might require previous owners to provide that documentation . Under this scheme , the vast majority of private sales would never be subject to investigation or even known to the authorities . But the police could do what they need to do to investigate gun crimes and to provide gun owners with an incentive to do background checks . Background checks : How do they work ? Illinois already has a system similar to this in place ; private citizens who resell their guns have to check to make sure that the other party has passed a background check and received a firearm owners identification card from the state police . They are also required to keep a record of the sale and to whom they sold their gun for 10 years . Interestingly , the NRA website says that it does not consider this aspect of Illinois state law as requiring "  registration of firearms . " We could all spend a lot of time and energy in the next few weeks arguing about the likelihood the federal government will ever try to take our guns or how to weigh the privacy of gun owners versus the need to reduce the carnage that takes place on our nation 's city streets  and , as current events remind us , sometimes in our movie theaters and elementary schools as well  . Or perhaps the best option , given what 's at stake , is for us to find a creative compromise that would serve the immediate purpose of reducing gun violence without registration . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philip Cook and Jens Ludwig .	Philip Cook , Jens Ludwig : Most Americans want gun sales to require background checks They say the NRA opposes this , but such checks could happen without gun registration They says licensed dealers could do checks , allow sale  or not  without naming buyer Writers : It 's one way for states to keep track of guns ; this could bring compromise
CNN  -- Great evil often brings out the best in good men , men like Todd Beamer on Flight 93 , Medal of Honor recipient Michael Murphy in Afghanistan and now the Aurora three -- the three young men , each in different parts of theater nine , who gave their lives to protect their girlfriends . Twenty-five-year-old Jon Blunk was sitting next to his girlfriend , Jansen Young , at the midnight premiere of "  The Dark Knight Rises " when the gunman  who shall remain nameless  opened fire in the dark theater . Blunk instinctively pushed his girlfriend to the ground and threw his body on top of hers . Blunk , a security guard , served five years in the Navy and was in the process of re-enlisting in hopes of becoming a Navy SEAL , family and friends said . He was killed in the gunfire ; his girlfriend survived . Twenty-four-year-old Alex Teves dived on top of his girlfriend , Amanda Lindgren , when the gunfire erupted . Covering her body , he took the bullets so they did not harm her . She survived the massacre ; he did not . Matt McQuinn , 27 years old , threw his body in front of his girlfriend , Samantha Yowler , as the shooting continued . Yowler survived with a gunshot wound to the knee ; McQuinn 's body absorbed the fatal shots . These men were three of the 12 innocent people killed early that morning . Their incredible sacrifice leaves us asking : Why ? Why would a young man with his entire life ahead of him risk everything for a woman he has no legal , financial or marital obligations to ? Opinion : Looking into the minds of killers As Hanna Rosin so eloquently pointed out in a recent article , calling it chivalry would be a tremendous understatement . By all appearances , these men believed that a man has a responsibility to protect a woman , even to the point of death . They believed that there are things in life worth dying for and the innocent woman sitting next to them was one . They believed , to put it simply , in a code of honor . They put the lives of the women before their own , an old fashioned notion to be sure , but certainly an honorable one  if you have any doubt , ask the survivors  . Their instincts were to protect , not run away . Remembering the Colorado shooting victims From all accounts , these young men were average , working men in their 20s .  We know a little about Jon Blunk , but not much , and we know even less about the others .  Like all men , they had their own struggles . After his death we learned that Blunk had an ex-wife and two children living in Nevada . He was scheduled to visit them to resolve marital issues . This is n't to take anything away from Blunk or the other two heroes , but to illustrate that , in spite of shortcomings , men can still recognize what it means to be a good man and act like one . Frum : Fear drives gun debate This is especially important given the state of many men today . Record numbers of men are n't working or even looking for work . Record numbers are n't marrying or even acting as fathers to their children . These men need heroes to imitate whom they can relate to in everyday life , not just make-believe superheroes who catch their imagination for an hour or two . They need heroes like the Aurora three . While much of the media obsesses over the psychology and motivations of this deranged killer , we should hold the Aurora three high . It is only by telling their story that this code of honor will survive for future generations of men . "  The world is forwarded by having its attention fixed on the best things , " Matthew Arnold wrote . In an age when traditional manhood has been increasingly relegated to fiction -- capes , masks and green screens -- these three men stand as real-life heroes . Their actions remind us that good triumphs over evil , not just in movies , but also in reality . How to help the victims Are you a friend or family member of one of the victims ? Share your tributes here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett says three men in Colorado shooting died while shielding girlfriends He says actions of Jon Blunk , Alex Teves , Matt McQuinn leave us wondering at their sacrifice Bennett : It was more than chivalry ; it was a code of honor , an instinct to protect , not run Bennett : The three had their struggles , showed themselves as good men , real-life heroes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- David Nelson , the older brother in TV 's Ozzie and Harriet Nelson family , died Tuesday after a battle with colon cancer , publicist Dale Olson said Wednesday . Nelson was 74 . Nelson died at his Century City , California , home with his wife of 36 years , Yvonne , at his side , Olson said . He was 16 in 1952 when he joined his parents , Ozzie and Harriet Nelson , and younger brother Rick on the radio show "  Here Come the Nelsons , " which soon became television 's "  The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet . " The TV show was shot in the family 's real Hollywood Hills home and was based on the real family . The sons ' roles were originally played by actors when the radio show began , but David and Rick persuaded their parents to let them join the cast in its first year . David Nelson directed and produced several episodes of the series during its 16-year run , Olson said . While the show made Rick a teen idol and launch his music career , David became a successful director and producer . Nelson was born in New York on October 24 , 1936 , but his father , actor-bandleader Ozzie Nelson , and mother , singer Harriet Hilliard , moved the family to Los Angeles . He attended Hollywood High and the University of Southern California . Rick Nelson died in a plane crash on December 31 , 1985 . His father died in 1975 and his mother 's death came in 1994 . Along with his wife , David Nelson is survived by sons John , Eric , James and Danny , and daughter Teri . His acting credits included movies roles between 1957 and 1965 in films such as "  Peyton Place , " "  The Remarkable Mr. Pennypacker , " and "  The Big Circus , " in which he won critical acclaim as a homicidal trapeze artist , according to a biography released by his publicist . He also acted in "  Day of the Outlaw , " " -30 - , " "  The Big Show , " "  Love and Kisses , " "  Hondo " and "  Swing Out . " He co-starred with his mother in the 1976 film "  Smash-Up on Interstate 5 . " Nelson 's television roles included "  Up in Smoke , " "  The Love Boat , " "  High School USA , " "  A Family for Joe " and guest starring roles in series of that period , his biography says . Along with his directorial work on his family 's TV series , Nelson directed "  O.K. Crackerby , " "  Childish Things , " "  Easy to be Free , " "  Ozzie 's Girls , " "  Death Screams , " "  Last Plane Out , " "  Goodnight , Beantown , " and "  A Rare Breed , " it said . Nelson 's funeral and interment are planned for noon Thursday at Pierce Brothers Westwood Mortuary in Los Angeles , his publicist said . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Nelson died Tuesday of colon cancer complications He co-starred with his parents and brother in the 1950s show He acted in movies and TV , but he also directed and produced
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people are fleeing violence in Myanmar only to be robbed , beaten and starved on boats helmed by human traffickers , according to a new report from the United Nations Refugee Agency . In the 12 months to June , around 53,000 people left ports in the Myanmar-Bangladesh border area -- 61 % more than the previous year -- many with the hope of reaching family in Malaysia , according to the report "  Irregular Maritime Movements . " They paid between $ 50 and $ 300 to board boats carrying up to 700 passengers , some manned by armed guards , many of whom doled out verbal abuse or beatings to prevent their human cargo from moving around . Some passengers were fed rice and noodles , while others received nothing at all on journeys lasting anywhere from seven days to two months , the report said . More than 200 people are thought to have died making the trip so far this year , due to illness , heat , lack of food and water , and severe beatings . However , the number of people who have perished at sea appears to have fallen over the past year , the report noted , after people smugglers hired bigger , more seaworthy vessels . Persecution in Myanmar That so many people , the vast majority Rohingya Muslims , are rushing to flee the country is a scathing indictment of the conditions they 're being forced to endure in Myanmar , or Burma , as it 's also known . Of around 800,000 Rohingya Muslims living in Rakhine State , violence has pushed around 140,000 into temporary camps , while another 40,000 are effectively detained in isolated villages , according to Human Rights Watch . "  It 's a humanitarian disaster , " said HRW 's Phil Robertson , who said conditions had worsened , especially since February , when the government barred international aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  from working in Rakhine State . The ban was lifted in late July but aid is yet to reach tens of thousands of people , many who are hungry and suffering preventable illnesses in crowded , unhygienic camps . "  What you 're seeing is people who are leaving Rakhine State with very frail health to start with ; people who have been in these camps and face the slow deprivation of food and basic medical services to the point that they 're already weakened , " Robertson said . "  They 're getting on these boats , and these boats are landing in Thailand , and they 're being put in jungle camps where they 're on starvation rations unless their relatives can find exorbitant fees that the traffickers are demanding to release them and send them onto Malaysia . " The U.N. report said upon arrival in Thailand , new arrivals said they were driven through the night in pickups with 15 to 20 other people who were forced to sit or lie on top of one another . They were then taken to camps where hundreds of people , including women and children , were held while smugglers phoned family members abroad , demanding more money for their loved ones ' safe passage to Malaysia . Demands "  were accompanied by threats or , when payment was not immediate , severe beating and prolonged detention in a smugglers ' camp for up to six months , " the report said . Malnourished in Malaysia As many as 38,000 people had registered as Rohingya in Malaysia , the report said , noting that since 2013 , many had arrived with serious medical conditions . In the first half of this year , more than 140 people had been diagnosed with beriberi , a condition caused by severe malnutrition and vitamin B deficiency , which can cause paralysis and death . That 's 12 times the number diagnosed in the previous 14 months . "  They have faced deprivation , abuse and suffering every step of their way as they try to flee the predations of the Burmese government , and the local state government and the Rakhine state government , " Robertson said . Myanmar does n't recognize the Rohingya as citizens or as one of the predominantly Buddhist country 's ethnic minorities . "  I think the international community really has to push very hard on the Burmese government to accept the reality that these people should be considered citizens of Burma . "  For the government of Burma to maintain this fiction that somehow these are recently arrived migrants from India or from Bangladesh is absolutely unconscionable , " Robertson added . In a statement following their five-day visit to Myanmar last week , two commissioners from the U.S. Commission on Religious Freedom said they were "  deeply troubled by reports we received of abuses against the Rohingya Muslim community in Rakhine State . " "  No impartial observers question reports of systematic , large-scale and egregious abuses of human rights of this community involving acts and omissions resulting in deaths , injuries , displacement , denial of basic health and other services , denial of freedom of movement , and denial of the right to a nationality , among other violations , " said Commissioners M. Zudhi Jasser and Eric P. Schwartz . In the past few years , Myanmar 's new leadership under President Thein Sein has won praise for its efforts to open the once reclusive country to foreign influences and trade . However its treatment of the Rohingya continues to cloud its stated commitment to improving human rights .	More than 50,000 people have fled Myanmar-Bangladesh border ports U.N. report details abuse , starvation and cramped conditions on boats Many fleeing are Rohingya Muslims who are being persecuted in Myanmar Around 140,000 are living in camps where supplies have run out
CNN  -- The man suspected to be at the center of the plot to send bombs from Yemen to the United States is a Saudi national who authorities believe has been living in Yemen for the past three years . Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri is one of Saudi Arabia 's most wanted men , according to a list published by the government last year . The Saudi government described al-Asiri as an explosives and poison expert . On Friday , authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two packages with explosives that were destined for synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . U.S. investigators believe al Qaeda bomb maker al-Asiri , 28 , is linked to the packages . The explosive found in the packages , PETN , is the same as the material found in the December 2009 foiled underwear bomb attack in the United States . It 's a highly explosive organic compound that belongs to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin . Six grams of PETN are enough to blow a hole in the fuselage of an aircraft . Al-Asiri was also suspected in the earlier attempted bombing case , where a Nigerian man , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , is accused of trying to set off a bomb hidden in his underwear on a flight . Al-Asiri 's brother , Abdullah , also appeared on the Saudi Arabia 's most wanted list . According to press accounts , it was Ibrahim al-Asiri who lured his brother to the jihadist movement . In 2009 , Abdullah al-Asiri died when he detonated a bomb on his body with the intent of assassinating Saudi Prince Muhammed Bin Naif , a top security official . The suicide bombing attempt failed to kill its target . A few days after that attempt , the Watan newspaper in Saudi Arabia interviewed al-Asiri 's mother and sisters . Their mother described Ibrahim and Abdullah as regular teenagers growing up . "  They were not religious boys at the time . They used to listen to music and had a wide variety of friends , friends not like the ones they had later when they became more religious , " she told Watan . One of their sisters told the newspaper that the death of their brother Ali in a car accident in 2000 was a turning point in Ibrahim and Abdullah 's attitude . "  It was after that that they started swapping video tapes and cassettes on the Mujahedeen in Chechnya and Afghanistan , and they became at times distant , " the sister said . "  Abdullah started to go out a lot with his new friends to camps known as ` preaching camps . ' " Ibrahim at one point was arrested in 2003 while trying with others to enter Iraq to wage jihad , his family told Watan . He was held in prison for nine months . Also shortly after the attempt against the Saudi prince 's life , the Saudi Gazette newspaper spoke with Ibrahim and Abdullah 's father , who shed some more light on the young men 's upbringing . The family grew up in the Al-Jazira district of east Riyadh , he said , describing theirs as a pious family . "  We were living in Makkah two years ago and were planning to move back to Riyadh , but Abdullah and Ibrahim said they wanted to go to Medina before coming back with us , " the father , Hassan , told the newspaper last year . "  Abdullah later contacted us to say he was out of the country , but did n't say where , and from that day on we had no more news of him until we saw his and his brother 's pictures a few months ago in the media as on the list of wanted people . " CNN 's Tim Lister contributed to this report .	Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri is believed to be in Yemen He grew up in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia He recruited his brother into a terrorist movement
London , England  CNN  -- European scientists say they 've figured out the recipe for water in space : Just add starlight . They made the discovery while examining a dying star that is 500 light-years away from Earth , using an infrared observatory launched by the European Space Agency last year . "  This is a good example of how better instruments can change our picture completely , " said Leen Decin of the Catholic University of Leuven in Belgium , who is the lead author of the paper about the work . The story begins in 2001 , when astronomers discovered an unexpected cloud of water vapor around an old star called IRC +10216 . The star is known as a carbon star , not thought to make much water , so scientists initially thought the star 's heat must have evaporated comets or dwarf planets to produce the water vapor . After the European Space Agency 's Herschel laboratory launched last year , however , scientists discovered spectral lines in the light coming from the water vapor . "  Some of these lines can only be there if the temperature is high , otherwise we would n't see them , " said Goran Pilbratt , a project scientist for the Herschel space observatory . "  None of them have been seen before . " Those spectral lines gave scientists a vital clue : The water was hot , with temperatures as high as 800 degrees Celsius  nearly 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit  . That meant the water was too hot to have been formed by the destruction of icy celestial bodies , and had to have been formed much closer to the star than comets could stably exist . So if the water was n't the result of comets being blasted apart as they passed by , scientists wondered , where did it come from ? The water vapor sits in a dusty cloud surrounding IRC +10216 . Scientists deduced that ultraviolet light from surrounding stars had penetrated that dusty cloud , breaking up molecules in it like carbon monoxide and silicon monoxide , which in turn released oxygen atoms . Those oxygen atoms attached themselves to hydrogen molecules , forming water . "  The ultraviolet light did n't create it -- it helped it to be formed , " Pilbratt told CNN . Ultraviolet light is the only way water could have been produced in such conditions , he said . IRC +10216 is a red giant star , hundreds of times the sun 's size , the European Space Agency said . If it replaced the sun in our solar system , it would extend beyond the orbit of Mars . The star is barely detectable at visible wavelengths because of that huge cloud of dust surrounding it . It can be seen at some infrared wavelengths , however , because the dust cloud absorbs almost all of the star 's visible radiation and re-emits it as infrared light . Scientists now hope to observe other carbon stars . "  We are very hopeful that Herschel will find the same situations around those stars too , " Decin said .	Spectral lines found in light from distant water vapor provided the clue The lines revealed heat , European scientists say The water likely was formed after the action of ultraviolet light on a dusty cloud , they say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Tuesday announced a troop deployment shift for America 's two wars , a move that reflects a more stable Iraq and an increasingly volatile Afghanistan . President Bush said Tuesday that he soon will start bringing some U.S. troops home from Iraq . Through early next year , about 8,000 American troops will leave Iraq and not be replaced . Some 4,500 other U.S. service members will go to Afghanistan . Bush also emphasized the U.S. intention to help Pakistan defeat insurgents who are using the country 's tribal areas to stage attacks in Afghanistan . "  Iraq , Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan pose unique challenges for our country , " Bush said Tuesday in a speech at the National Defense University in Washington . "  Yet they are all theaters in the same overall struggle . " Bush said he is making the Iraqi troop withdrawal decision based on a recommendation from top military officers , including Gen. David Petraeus , the highest-ranking U.S. military officer in Iraq . Watch Bush announce the troop reduction in Iraq " "  He and the Joint Chiefs of Staff have recommended that we move forward with additional force reductions , " the president said , citing military and political strides in stabilizing the country and dramatically bringing down violence . Bush adopted the entire recommendation from Petraeus , a senior military official in Iraq told CNN . The source said five people saw the plan before it went to the president . Debate the Iraq issue ! Join The Forum In explaining progress in the war effort , Bush cited the "  surge " offensive , winning the hearts and minds of Sunni tribes , Iraqi political reconciliation efforts , economic improvements , an improved Iraqi army leading the fight against Shiite and Sunni insurgents , and a return of hundreds of doctors who fled the fighting . "  Over the next several months , we will bring home about 3,400 combat support forces -- including aviation personnel , explosive ordnance teams , combat and construction engineers , military police and logistical support forces , " he said . "  By November , we will bring home a Marine battalion that is now serving in Anbar province . And in February of 2009 , another Army combat brigade will come home . "  This amounts to about 8,000 additional American troops returning home without replacement . And if the progress in Iraq continues to hold , Gen. Petraeus and our military leaders believe additional reductions will be possible in the first half of 2009 . " At present , there are about 146,000 U.S. troops in Iraq . An adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki welcomed Bush 's decision . "  We look at this step as a positive step that there is stability in Iraq , there is a real improvement in the security situation in Iraq and there is a real improvement in the capability of the Iraqi security forces in protecting and keeping the security in Iraq , " said Sadiq al-Rikabi , al-Maliki 's political adviser . Democrats were less than enthusiastic about Bush 's announcement . The plan "  may seem to signal movement in the right direction , " but it "  defers troop reductions until the next administration , " said Rep. Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , chairman of the House Armed Services Committee . "  More significant troop reductions in Iraq are needed so that we can start to rebuild U.S. military readiness and provide the additional forces needed to finish the fight in Afghanistan . " Skelton said Iraq "  can not continue to overshadow other critical U.S. security needs . " "  The effort in Afghanistan must move to the forefront and once again become our top priority , " he said . Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama praised Bush for announcing additional troops for Afghanistan and "  moving in the direction of the policy that I have advocated for years . " However , "  we will continue to spend $ 10 billion a month in Iraq while the Iraqi government sits on a $ 79 billion surplus , " Obama said . "  In the absence of a timetable to remove our combat brigades , we will continue to give Iraq 's leaders a blank check instead of pressing them to reconcile their differences , " he said . Obama criticized the timing and scope of Bush 's move . "  His plan comes up short -- it is not enough troops , and not enough resources , with not enough urgency , " the senator from Illinois said of Bush 's call for more troops in Afghanistan . In his speech , Bush praised other members of the U.S.-led coalition , saying many of those nations will be able to end their deployments to Iraq this year . He said Australia has "  withdrawn its battle group " and Polish troops are "  set to redeploy shortly . " The president said Iraq and the United States will work "  toward the conclusion of a strategic framework agreement and a status of forces agreement , " pacts that will spell out the terms of their relationship . "  These agreements will serve as the foundation for America 's continued security support to Iraq once the United Nations resolution authorizing the multinational forces there expires on December 31 . " Bush focused his remarks just as strongly on Afghanistan , where al Qaeda and Taliban militants have been making a comeback . "  For all the good work we have done in that country , it is clear we must do even more , " he said . "  As we learned in Iraq , the best way to restore the confidence of the people is to restore basic security -- and that requires more troops . " He said that a Marine battalion of around 1,000 will deploy to Afghanistan in November instead of Iraq and that an Army combat brigade of around 3,500 will go in January . Bush said the U.S. would make additional forces available in 2009 and called on allies to increase their force levels . Bush said stepped-up insurgent efforts in Afghanistan have necessitated the increase of U.S. troops from "  less than 21,000 two years ago to nearly 31,000 today . " He said these troop increases and those by allies , including Britain , France , Poland , Bulgaria , Romania , Australia , Germany , Denmark and the Czech Republic , have resulted in what he calls a "  quiet surge " in Afghanistan . Bush described challenges in Afghanistan that do n't exist in Iraq . "  This is a vast country , " he said . "  Unlike Iraq , it has few natural resources and has an underdeveloped infrastructure . Its democratic institutions are fragile . And its enemies are some of the most hardened terrorists and extremists in the world . " He said Americans will help develop Afghan security forces and are improving efforts on the civilian side , adding more personnel to deal with issues of diplomacy , development , the rural economy and the fight against the drug trade .	NEW : Sen. Barack Obama , House Armed Services chairman criticize scope , timing NEW : Iraq views decision as "  positive move , " aide to Iraqi leader says Iraq force to be trimmed by 8,000 ; Afghanistan force to rise by 4,500 President Bush cites increased stability in Iraq , stronger insurgency in Afghanistan
Carmel Church , Virginia  CNN  -- At the Flying J truck stop in rural Virginia , truck drivers can taste the coffee , smell the diesel and see the future . The future lies in a remote corner of the parking lot , where workers recently planted two rows of gleaming new fuel pumps . They are labeled LNG -- liquefied natural gas . Though little noticed by the four-wheel public , there is a revolution taking place in the world of long-haul 18-wheelers . Next year , truck manufacturers will begin churning out trucks with new 11.9-liter engines fueled by LNG -- a fuel that is significantly cheaper than diesel , is abundant in the United States and Canada , and is , arguably , clean . But there 's a problem . Currently , there are only about 30 open LNG fueling stations in the country -- many of them clustered in energy-conscious southern California . So if you were to try to drive from Washington to Los Angeles , you 'd run out of fuel near Nashville , far from the nearest open station . In an odd twist on the old trucker 's joke -- "  You ca n't get there from here " -- you really ca n't get there from here on LNG . Historian says U.S. set for ` fracking ' bonanza The trucking industry calls this the "  chicken and egg " problem : which will come first -- LNG trucks or LNG refueling stations ? Trucking companies need assurances there will be fuel before committing to new fleets ; fuel companies need assurances there will be a stream of LNG trucks . "  I would say that , hold your breath , because any time now , that wo n't be a problem , " said Bill Graves , head of the American Trucking Associations . "  There 's going to be a deployment of fueling stations all across the nation and it 's going to make movement of freight by truck -- by natural gas powered truck -- a reality . " By next spring , some 120 new LNG stations will have been completed , popping up like crocuses from coast to coast , although many are being immediately mothballed until LNG trucks become more plentiful . When they will open is "  anyone 's guess , " one industry representative said . History is replete with examples of people hyping new , cheap , plentiful and clean alternative fuels . But the current interest in LNG for large trucks is undeniable . When the ATA early this year planned a "  Natural Gas in Trucking " summit , it anticipated some 200 people would attend . When the summit convened last week , its venue -- expanded to 500 seats -- was sold out . Oil man turned natural gas evangelist and investor T. Boone Pickens said the reason is simple : money . "  I mean , you are talking about saving a dollar and a half , two dollars a gallon and that 's unheard of , " said Pickens , who , as an investor in Clean Energy , has a stake in the success of natural gas . "  If I 'm trucking against you and my fuel bill is $ 2 a gallon cheaper than yours , I can tell you , you 've got a problem . I will take a lot of your business away from you , " Pickens told CNN . The 11.9-liter engine is a game changer , industry officials say , because it occupies a "  sweet spot " in the market . The bulk of long-haul trucks use 11.9-liter engines . The engine will open up the world of long-distance natural gas trucking . At today 's prices , the added cost of an LNG-powered truck can be recaptured in a year or two , industry officials say . Ironically , one of the few voices of trepidation at the ATA natural gas summit was from an environmentalist . "  It 's a mistake to rush headlong into this , " said Fred Krupp , president of the Environmental Defense Fund . Krupp said that despite diesel 's dirty image , diesel technology has grown much cleaner in the past decade . Today 's diesel and natural gas engines emit similar amounts of sulfur , nitrogen and particulates , he said . The problem with LNG , Krupp told the trucking summit , is not the gas that is burned , but the gas that escapes as it is transported through the supply chain from the well to the fuel tank . The un-burned , leaked gas is 72 times more potent than carbon dioxide -- a greenhouse gas -- making it more damaging to the environment , Krupp said . Will public chargers mean more electric vehicles ? For Krupp , the issue comes down to a simple calculation . Currently , the government estimates 2.8 % of natural gas used in trucks leaks somewhere in the supply chain , he said . "  If we can get the leak rate at 1 % or less , then it 's an OK thing for the atmosphere to make the switch  from diesel  , " he said . "  Unless we take the necessary steps to measure and reduce the amount of methane escaping from the entire supply chain , natural gas engines could very well be worse for our climate than diesel , " Krupp told the truck industry summit . Trucking and gas industry officials at the summit were bullish about the prospects for natural gas , and confident that the environmental issues could be addressed . "  Virtually every trucking company that we 've talked to has understood that the savings involved with natural gas vehicles will be significant over what their fuel costs will be with diesel , " said Tom Kiley , an alternative fuel specialist for Freightliner Arizona . "  The only hesitation that we see is what 's the fueling infrastructure -- Where can I get my fuel ? " Pickens , a member of Clean Energy 's board , does n't flinch at that question . The country faced the same question a century ago , in the beginning of the automobile age , he said . "  If somebody said , ` Henry  Ford  , have you thought about it ? You do n't have any filling stations ! ' He 'd say "  Gosh , I have n't thought about that . Well I 'll forget this idea . ' " "  That 's not what he said . He said , ` Do n't worry about it . You will get filling stations . If the car shows up , filling stations will come . ' "	Next year , truck manufacturers will start making new vehicles that use LNG But fueling up could be a problem - there are n't many stations with Liquefied Natural Gas Some enviromentalists warn the new , cheaper fuel could harm the atmosphere
Macon , Georgia  CNN  -- Bettye Webb-Hayes wo n't ever forget the day her son posed a question that stopped her in her tracks . "  Mom , " the fourth-grader asked , "  am I white ? " It was a question she had never asked her own parents . It was something you did n't talk about in the days of the segregated South -- especially when your mom was white and your father was a mix of African-American and Native American . She went to the black schools of Macon , Georgia . Now , her son was asking probing questions . "  Why would you ask me that ? " she said . "  Because everybody at school calls me a honky , " said the young Cordell , a light-skinned African-American . Twenty-seven years have passed since that conversation . Bettye and her son recently traveled back to Macon to face something that 's been omnipresent their whole lives : the coming together of white and black . They returned for a one-of-a-kind 50th high school gathering . The classes of 1959 , once segregated by race as well as gender , sat down together for the first time in history . Ruby Dean Dupree Mayes arrived two hours early for the festivities . She did n't sleep the night before . "  It 's like waiting for Santa Claus to arrive . I 'm so excited , " said Mayes , who drove more than 330 miles from Tennessee to attend . Mayes went to Ballard-Hudson High , the city 's black high school , whose most famous students include singers Otis Redding and Little Richard . She came this day "  to celebrate and commemorate . " "  I could not pass this event up , " she said . "  I never dreamed of this moment -- just the realization of knowing that we had come together , at last . " As the 1959 graduates arrived , they welcomed one another . Many first greeted people of their own race . Some had n't seen particular classmates in the 50 years since they earned their diplomas . Gradually , they began mixing and mingling . There was a commonality -- a need to come together for their children , their grandchildren and the generations to follow . Discuss the past , while moving forward in the present . Separated now by ` personal choice ' It sometimes takes a son to see things in a new light . The idea for the meeting began four years ago , when a son told his father : "  Dad , think about how many friends you missed getting to know . " Those were the words of Wyatt Johnson , a public school teacher in Santa Cruz , California . He and his father , Tom Johnson , were enjoying a father-son trip to Macon in 2005 to rediscover their roots . Tom Johnson is the former head of CNN and was once the publisher of the Los Angeles Times . He 's traveled the world and left his own mark along the way . Yet despite all his accomplishments , there was something he 'd never done : reach out to the African-Americans of Macon from 1959 , the ones he never knew because of segregation . An idea was born . He wrote to graduates of the black school , Ballard-Hudson ; the white girls ' school , Miller ; and the white boys ' school , Lanier . "  We all have deep personal memories of our high school experiences that will remain with us forever , " he wrote . "  We had lived in a separate black and white world in Macon . ... It is a different world today . We no longer are separated , except by personal choice . " One white graduate responded with hate mail , a reminder that racism still exists . But on a day in early October , more than 200 people gathered at a Goodwill banquet hall . There was no shouting , none of the in-your-face name-calling seen in recent health care town hall meetings across the country . Here , there were tears , hugs and handshakes . Often , talk of grandkids took center stage at the 16 roundtables . They talked about race and the segregated past that prevented such closeness a half-century ago . "  You 'd think we 'd have grown up together , " said Alice Bailey , a Ballard-Hudson grad . "  We still have a gift , and that 's a gift of time , " Johnson said . "  Blacks and whites together , we can do something to make the world better . " They took out notepads . They scribbled ways to take action . They began making a to-do list of 59 things for the Classes of 1959 . Their goals range from building a home for Habitat to Humanity to writing letters to service men and women from Macon serving in war . They 'd love to persuade the one who sent the hate mail to attend the next gathering . They also want to set an example for the elders of other Southern cities . "  I 'm glad we 've left the past behind , " said Michael Cass , the 1959 class president of Lanier . The daughter of one those in attendance stood and took the microphone . "  Today , you have inspired me so much , " she said . Many in the crowd reached for tissues . Linda Carstarphen Gugin said her whole life had been leading to this moment . "  It was the most amazing thing , " she said . "  It was just like almost immediate bonding between people . " As the class president of Miller , she 'd carried guilt for the last 50 years for not speaking out against segregation . "  I have tears about this , " she said , crying . For Bettye Webb-Hayes and her son , the gathering underscored why the question "  Mom , am I white " could be asked in one era and not another . Listening to his mother and her childhood friends , Cordell said , he was struck by how segregation was "  was so transparent to them at the time they were living through it . It was a way of life , so they did n't acknowledge its existence . " "  I find it interesting how human nature teaches you to accept things that are -- and some people question the reality , and other people do n't . " His mother did test the reality of segregation on one occasion . Bettye and her sister went into a Woolworth 's department store in Macon . They sat at a counter for food . The white waitress looked at them skeptically . She could n't tell whether they were white or black . She grabbed a black cook for his input . "  Those are the Webb girls , " he said . The two were kicked out . Webb-Hayes giggles about the story . She 's proud she tried to break the rules . "  I think she really would 've served us if she thought she could have gotten away with it . " Watch Bettye tell story of her dad and ` stupid ' Elvis It was in 1963 when Webb-Hayes realized just how wrong the segregated South was . She marched in Washington , D.C. , with Martin Luther King Jr. that year . "  It was almost like you were listening to God speak in person . " Years later , Bettye -- the girl who was sent away from the Woolworth 's counter -- would eat Thanksgiving dinner with President Jimmy Carter . Webb-Hayes was the music teacher for Amy Carter , the president 's daughter . Her motto throughout life : "  Just do the very best you can . " She calls the gathering of the segregated schools "  unbelievable . " If it 's the last trip of her life , Webb-Hayes , 68 , feels her life 's journey is now complete . "  I was glad to meet new friends today . " A special thanks to Bright Blue Sky Productions for its help on this report .	Students from former segregated schools of 1959 unite in Macon , Georgia "  I never dreamed of this moment , " says Ruby Dean Dupree Mayes Michael Cass : "  I 'm glad we 've left the past behind " The group hopes to set example for elders of other Southern cities
CNN  -- Glitzy Dubai lures globetrotters with its modern architectural wonders and a bounty of luxury shopping , dining and lodging . This United Arab Emirates metropolis boasts "  sunshine , shopping , seaside , sports and safety " as key selling points on its tourism website . Caroline Faraj is CNN 's chief operations director in Dubai and editor of CNN Arabic . Faraj , originally from Jordan , moved to Dubai in December 2001 . We asked Faraj to share her tips for visiting this dynamic city : Where can you get the best view of the city ? At Burj Khalifa , which is the tallest building in the world . The tower 's observation deck , At The Top , is located on level 124 . To which restaurant would you take your loved one for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Try Pierchic at Madinat Jumeirah Hotel . This romantic restaurant is at the end of a pier that stretches over the waters of the Persian Gulf . Time Out Dubai named Pierchic as the best seafood restaurant in 2010 . Where is the best place to people watch ? The Dancing Fountain at Burj Khalifa . On a lake outside , choreographed water shows are put on multiple times each evening . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Zabeel Park , where you can run , walk , play games , barbecue , rent a boat on a small lake or visit the space and science museum . This park stretches over about 117 acres in central Dubai . What 's the best way to blend in ? Visit one of the souks  markets  , like the gold market , or spice , textile or fish souks . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? Some come to Dubai with a misconception that you can do whatever you want in Dubai . To a certain extent that might be true , but there are restrictions , rules and the need to respect the culture of the country . For example , with regards to consuming alcohol , only Christian ex-pats can apply for a license to buy alcohol from special shops , but visitors can find it in hotels , too . Where do you go to relax ? I go to a spa , and the best one is at the Park Hyatt . The hotel 's Amara spa is on the banks of the Dubai Creek . I also go sometimes to a resort to enjoy the beach . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? Take a creek tour in an abra , a small crossing boat . And if there is time , take the bus tour that gives you a quick briefing on the architecture and souks as well as the desert safari trip in the middle of the dunes . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? Trader Vic 's with its Cuban live music . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? If you like seafood , then I would recommend trying fish cooked the traditional way , which is either salt cured  called maleh  , sun-dried  Al kaseef  or ground dried fish  sahnah  . What is a good local souvenir ? The United Arab Emirates is a federation of seven emirates , so I would suggest the bottles that have sands in seven colors coming from the seven emirates .	CNN 's Caroline Faraj recommends a Dubai Creek tour to visitors Try the traditional salt-cured or sun-dried fish For a stunning view , go to the observation deck at the Burj Khalifa Have a short time there ? Take a tour in an abra , a small crossing boat
