CNN  -- A large ice shelf is "  imminently " close to breaking away from part of the Antarctic Peninsula , scientists said Friday . Scientists are investigating whether the ice breakup is caused by global climate change . Satellite images released by the European Space Agency on Friday show new cracks in the Wilkins Ice Shelf where it connects to Charcot Island , a piece of land considered part of the peninsula . The cracks are quickly expanding , the ESA said . Scientists are investigating the causes for the breakups and whether it is linked to global climate change . The Wilkins Ice Shelf -- a large mass of floating ice -- would still be connected to Latady Island , which is also part of the peninsula , and Alexander Island , which is not , said professor David Vaughan , a glaciologist at the British Antarctic Survey . The ice shelf experienced a great amount of changes last year , the ESA said . In February 2008 , the shelf dropped 164 square miles  425 square kilometers  of ice . In May it lost a 62-square-mile chunk . That meant the "  bridge " of ice connecting Wilkins to the islands was just 984 yards wide at its narrowest location , the ESA said . Further rifts developed in October and November , said Angelika Humbert of the Institute of Geophysics at Germany 's Muenster University . "  During the last year the ice shelf has lost about 1800 square kilometers  694 square miles  , or about 14 percent of its size , " Humbert said . Antarctica 's ice sheet was formed over thousands of years by accumulated and compacted snow . Along the coast , the ice gradually floats on the sea , forming massive ledges known as ice shelves , the ESA says . Several of these ice shelves , including seven in the past 20 years , have retreated and disintegrated . The Wilkins Ice Shelf had been stable for most of the past century before it began retreating in the 1990s . "  It had been there almost unchanged since the first expeditions which mapped it back in the 1930s , so it had a very long period of real stability , and it 's only in the last decade that it 's started to retreat , " Vaughan said . Wilkins is the size of the state of Connecticut , or about half the area of Scotland . It is the largest ice shelf on the Antarctic Peninsula yet to be threatened . If the ice shelf breaks away from the peninsula , it will not cause a rise in sea level because it is already floating , scientists say . Some plants and animals may have to adapt to the collapse . The Antarctic Peninsula is the piece of the continent that stretches toward South America .	A large Antarctic ice shelf is cracking and may break away Scientists are investigating whether or not climate change is to blame Satellite photos show cracks in the Wilkins Ice Shelf The ice sheet formed over thousands of years by accumulated snow
CNN  -- The experience of Alex Ferguson could be the key to Monday 's potentially title-deciding Manchester derby , according to one of the veteran manager 's former stalwarts Edwin van der Sar . The Dutchman retired last year after Manchester United claimed a record 19th English championship , but that reign appeared to be over earlier this season as big-spending Manchester City took pole position under the guidance of Roberto Mancini . A form slump allowed United to move eight points clear at the top -- but that has been cut to three with three games to play ahead of the clash at City 's Etihad Stadium . Ferguson is the most successful British manager of the modern era , having won 12 Premier League titles and two European Champions League crowns in more than quarter of a century at Old Trafford . U.S. focused on England 's biggest game "  He will be right up for it . He 's had challenges over the last 26 years against various teams and he beat them , he got down to them and he diminished them and he 's going to do the same with City , " Van der Sar told CNN . "  He 's going to motivate the players because it 's a massive moment to win the Barclays Premier League . He 's going to do it the same way he always does -- of course there are going to be remarks about , ` You have to win otherwise you 're not going to show your face for the next two months in Manchester , ' all that kind of thing . But in general it 's all about tactics . " Mancini guided City to the club 's first silverware since 1976 with success in the FA Cup last season , but it has been 44 years since a league title was celebrated by the blue half of Manchester . "  They 've both got strikers on good form -- Sergio Aguero scored a lot of goals , Wayne Rooney scored a lot of goals , " said Van der Sar , who played for United for six seasons . "  I think City has slightly a better defensive record . But I think the midfield is going to be the place where it 's going to be decided . "  Hopefully my old teammates are up for it , can withstand the pressure . " The 41-year-old revealed he was hoping for a draw , which would leave United in the box seat ahead of final games at home to Swansea and away to Sunderland . City must next travel to Champions League-chasing Newcastle and relegation-threatened Queens Park Rangers . "  My heart is right , of course you want a win for United , and a draw would be fine also . So let 's go for a draw , a 1-1 or something to decide who 's going to win the Barclays Premiership . That would be great , " he said . Van der Sar is one of the few footballers to have won the Champions League with two different teams -- helping deliver Ajax the title in 1995 and repeating the feat with United in 2008 . The man named UEFA Best European Goalkeeper in 1995 and 2009 said that the Manchester derby had grown in importance in the last year along with City 's fortunes . "  I remember when I came here and played a game and even lost during one of the seasons -- we lost both games -- but still ended up winning the league . They were still so happy that they won from us , even though we ended up winning the league so it did n't really matter that much , " he said .	Former Manchester United goalkeeper says Alex Ferguson will have a key role in derby Edwin van der Sar is hoping for a 1-1 draw between rivals Man United and Man City The 41-year-old believes Manchester derby has grown in importance in last year Defending champions United hold three-point lead ahead of game at City 's home ground
CNN  -- For the past two seasons , Daniela Ruah has played junior field agent Kensi Blye on "  NCIS : Los Angeles . " But the vivacious olive-skinned actress first became famous in another country : her parents ' homeland of Portugal . She even won the Iberian version of "  Dancing with the Stars . " Ruah is descended from a family of doctors . Her father is the former resident chief of otolaryngology  which is a fancy word for an eye , ear and throat doctor  at Boston University Hospital and her 92-year-old grandfather still practices medicine . The family moved back to their homeland when Ruah was 5 . Fluent in Portuguese , Spanish and English , Ruah moved to London at 18 to attend university and eventually made her way to New York to study at the Lee Strasberg Institute . In her little time off , Ruah loves spending time with her dog and decorating her recently purchased home . She recently spoke with CNN about her show , her heritage and the advice she gets from a famous co-star . CNN : Your character has a big story arc this week . Daniela Ruah : We knew from season one that her father died when she was a teenager and this is the unveiling of what happened . She grew up never believing he had died accidentally . She 's always believed foul play and she 's been pursuing this her entire life . She gets asked , "  What are you going to do when you find the guy you think did this to your dad ? Are you going to shoot him ? " And she says , "  Well , what if I do ? " It 's a big dilemma between killing for vengeance and going the right way and dealing with things legally . There 's a lot of turmoil going on inside her and it affects the team . CNN : The show is really popular and yet it gets no buzz . Do you ever feel like the redheaded stepchild ? Ruah :  Laughs  - Well if I say yes , then I 'm insulting redheads . CNN : But you know what I mean . Ruah : I think when it comes to buzz , and I 'm just saying this on a very general note and from what I see , it could be completely wrong , but from what I see , buzz tends to come from younger generations , people who buy the products , people who go on the Internet , people who go on blogs . The generation that watches our show seems to be a little bit of an older one and I think that might be the reason . I know a lot of procedurals have huge viewership yet they 're never nominated for awards . You never really see , as you say , a lot of buzz around them . CNN : So are you a pinup for 60-year-old men ? Ruah :  Laughs  - Whatever floats their boat . It 's funny , we have been nominated for a few teen choice awards and I think slowly the writers have managed to create a different appeal for a younger generation with the type of story lines , with the banter we have . CNN : Your character was introduced on the original "  NCIS . " Did you learn anything from the cast ? Ruah : Mark Harmon was super sweet . He told me when you have to look at a screen , make sure your eyes are moving around . It makes it look like you 're looking harder . Cote de Pablo  Ziva David  , the fact that I realized she was in an out of hair and makeup in all of 20 minutes made me go , "  That 's what I 'm going to do . I refuse to be called in at 5 a.m. to get hair and makeup . I 'm an agent ; let 's keep it simple , a ponytail . " The way they work and support each other . I really like those guys , I really do . CNN : Your family is Portuguese and Jewish , which is pretty unusual . How many Jews are there , like five ? Ruah : Yes and they 're all my family ! There 's I 'd say between four - and five-hundred . Not a lot out of 10Â 1/2 million to 11 million people . My family is probably the biggest family there . But coming from a small community makes you want to follow the traditions of your family much more . CNN : Your dad is a major pooh-bah doctor . Was he disappointed that you wanted to become an actress ? Ruah : I remember asking my father if he had preferred that I 'd gone into medicine and his exact words were , "  Are you crazy ? You have no idea what this lifestyle is like . It 's a dog style life , being on call , sleeping at the hospital , studying for the rest of your life because of medical developments , it 's research , it 's surgery , it 's such a long time to educate yourself in the field . " I do have a huge fascination for science and I love to hear what my dad has to say . He used to take me into minor surgeries when I was a kid and let me watch , so I definitely have a passion for it , but it 's not as big a passion as I have for acting and creating characters . From the moment I told them this is what I want to do , they were supportive . CNN : You were on the Portuguese version of "  Dancing with the Stars . " Ruah : I did . I won . I got a trophy , but it 's not metallic , I think its crystal . It 's in my place in Portugal . CNN : Would you do the U.S. version ? Ruah : I think there are phases in your life that make sense and I do n't see being on "  Dancing with the Stars " at this point in my life and career . That was that phase . I had a ton of fun , I do n't regret it , but I think I 'm past that now . I 'm onto other things . CNN : What do you do in your time off ? Ruah : On my very little time off ? I just moved , so a lot of my time is dedicated to buying new furniture . It 's the first house I 've ever lived in . I 've always lived in apartments and condos , so it 's a big change for me . CNN : Do you go online a lot looking at sofas ? Ruah : I do go online a lot . I was given some advice by -LSB- co-star and "  Scent of a Woman " actor -RSB- Chris O'Donnell . He was like , "  Be careful , you 're going to start buying items that you love and then you 'll put them all together and realize nothing goes together , " so what I did was buy a couple of pieces that I love and now I 'm going to get a decorator to help me tie everything together . CNN : Is Chris O'Donnell your interior adviser ? Ruah : Chris and Eric Olsen are really into real estate . Everybody 's on the same page , they 're just a few years ahead of me . They 've had this experience before ; I 've never had this experience before . Before , when I rented , I was like I 'm just going to buy cheap because I 'll get rid of it in a year or two and all of a sudden you 're buying for five to 10 years . CNN : Now when your friends come over are you like , "  Guys get your feet off the couch ? " Ruah : No , I have a dog so I do n't want to come home and take my shoes off -LSB- or -RSB- otherwise I 'll ruin the mint white carpet on the floor . I 'd rather have a house that 's nice but usable . Plus my friends are n't barbarians . They do n't generally put their feet on my couch !	Daniela Ruah plays junior field agent Kensi Blye on "  NCIS : Los Angeles " Her father is the former resident chief of otolaryngology at Boston University Hospital In her time off , Ruah loves spending time with her dog , and decorating her new home
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama said Wednesday he told government lawyers to object to a court-ordered release of additional images showing alleged abuse of detainees because the release could affect the safety of U.S. troops and "  inflame anti-American opinion . " President Obama discusses the alleged prisoner abuse photos at the White House on Wednesday . Releasing the photos could have a "  chilling effect " on further investigations of detainee abuse without adding to the understanding of past abuses , he said . The Pentagon was set to release hundreds of photographs of prisoners in detention facilities in Afghanistan and Iraq . The photos "  are not particularly sensational , especially when compared with the painful images that we remember from Abu Ghraib , " Obama said , referring to the Iraqi military prison where photographs released in 2004 of detainees being abused and humiliated sparked widespread outrage . "  But they do represent conduct that did n't conform with the Army manual . " Obama reiterated that any future abuse of detainees is "  unacceptable " and "  will not be tolerated . " The publication of the photos would not add any additional benefit to investigations being carried out into detainee abuse -- and could put future inquires at risk . Watch the president discuss his detainee photo decision " "  The publication of these photos would not add any additional benefit to our understanding of what was carried out in the past by a small number of individuals , " Obama said . "  In fact , the most direct consequence of releasing them would be to further inflame anti-American opinion , and to put our troops in greater danger . " The announcement Wednesday was a reversal of what White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said last month , when he told reporters the White House had no problem releasing the photos . Before Obama spoke to reporters , Gibbs said Wednesday afternoon that there was "  a lot of back and forth in -LSB- Obama 's -RSB- mind over the course of several weeks about ensuring that this protected those that keep us safe , that it protected our national security . " iReport.com : Should photos be released ? The release was ordered in response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the American Civil Liberties Union . It followed Obama 's decision to release Bush-era CIA documents showing the United States used techniques like waterboarding , considered torture by the current administration . Waterboarding ' a mistake ' " Obama 's decision "  makes a mockery " of his promise of greater transparency and accountability , ACLU attorney Amrit Singh said . "  Essentially , by withholding these photographs from public view , the Obama administration is making itself complicit in the Bush administration 's torture policies , " Singh said . "  The release of these photos is absolutely essential for ensuring that justice -LSB- is -RSB- done , for ensuring that the public -LSB- can -RSB- hold its government accountable , and for ensuring that torture is not conducted in the future in the name of the American people . " Singh said his organization is prepared to "  do whatever it takes " to have the photos released . Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Wednesday that grave concerns coming from top military brass may have influenced the president 's decision . "  What 's motivated my own change of heart on this and perhaps influenced the president is that our commanders ... have expressed very serious reservations about this ... and that the release of these photographs will cost American lives , " Gates said . "  That 's all it took for me , " he added . Democrats in the Senate were mostly quiet on Obama 's reversal on Wednesday . But Sen. Russ Feingold , of Wisconsin , said he at least initially disagrees with it . "  I am generally opposed to keeping the American people in the dark for no other reason than to shield misconduct , avoid embarrassment or other reasons not pertaining to national security , " Feingold said in a written statement . "  From what I 've heard so far , I 'm not convinced there is a compelling reason these photos should n't be released . " Two Democratic congressmen had different reactions to Obama 's decision . Rep. Jerry Nadler of New York said he thinks "  the administration may be very well justified in withholding the pictures . " Nadler , who said he agrees with the ACLU "  98 percent of the time -- but not here , " said he had not seen the photos but he doubted they provided any more information than was in Bush-era memos recently released . "  Get all the memos out , get everything out ... but with these pictures it may be that they 're dangerous , and that 's a legitimate concern , " he said . But Rep Lynn Woolsey of California said , "  I would have preferred that they were out there . " "  We have so much to do . It 's such a distraction , " Woolsey added . "  Get these pictures out there and get it behind us . " The ACLU said the Pentagon had agreed to release a "  substantial " number of photographs by May 28 . Officials at the Pentagon said the photographs are from more than 60 criminal investigations between 2001 and 2006 and show military personnel allegedly abusing detainees . "  The disclosure of these photographs serves as a further reminder that abuse of prisoners in U.S.-administered detention centers was systemic , " ACLU National Security Project Director Jameel Jaffer said before Obama 's decision . "  Some of the abuse occurred because senior civilian and military officials created a culture of impunity in which abuse was tolerated , and some of the abuse was expressly authorized . " Singh added that the photographs "  provide visual proof that prisoner abuse by U.S. personnel was not aberrational but widespread , reaching far beyond the walls of Abu Ghraib . " But Pentagon officials reject ACLU allegations that the photos show a systemic pattern of abuse by the military . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said the Defense Department has "  always been serious about investigating credible allegations of abuse . " "  The policy of the Department of Defense is to treat all prisoners humanely , and those who have violated that policy have been investigated and disciplined , " he added . More than 400 people , Whitman said , have been disciplined based on investigations involving alleged detainee abuse . The discipline ranged from prison sentences to demotions and letters of reprimand . The Pentagon initially wanted to prevent the images from being made public , but decided to release them after losing two court cases , according to Whitman . "  We felt this case had pretty much run its course , " he said prior to Obama 's decision . "  Legal options at this point had become pretty limited . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Deirdre Walsh , Ed Hornick and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : Democratic congressmen offer mixed reactions to Obama 's decision NEW : Senate Dems mostly quiet , but Russ Feingold says he opposes move Obama says releasing photos would "  further flame anti-American opinion " Photos show detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan between 2001 and 2006
CNN  -- With sympathy , grief and some outrage , Chinese netizens expressed their condolences over the deaths of two Chinese schoolgirls in Saturday 's crash landing of an Asiana Airlines flight at San Francisco International Airport . Ye Mengyuan and Wang Linjia , both 16 , are the sole casualties of the ill-fated flight carrying 307 passengers and crew . They were part of a group of 35 teachers and students from a middle school in the eastern Chinese city of Jiangshan traveling to California for a summer camp program . The crash remained one of the top trending topics on China 's Twitter-like Sina Weibo on Monday , garnering over 1.7 million posts with the hashtag "  Boeing 777 crash . " It was also the leading topic on Tencent Weibo , with over 240,000 posts . "  May you rest in peace in Heaven . God will forever be with you , " wrote user HaiDianYuAiLiSi , one of thousands of netizens who took to weibo platforms to express sadness over the loss of two promising young lives . Many attached photos of lit candles or appended their posts with candle icons in a symbolic vigil to honor the two girls . "  These kids were so young . Their families are so pitiful , " wrote user JinShuRenDouFuNao , echoing broad sympathy for the victims ' parents . Some netizens also hit out at China 's one-child policy for leaving the parents bereft of surviving children . "  Now that the child is gone , her parents ' last hope is also gone . It 's really heartbreaking . If they had two or three children , it would at least be a bit better for her parents , " wrote user BianBaXianK . An official apology posted by Asiana on Sina Weibo sparked a debate over the qualifications of the pilot , with rumors rapidly spreading among Sina Weibo users that the plane was flown by an "  intern . " "  Can an apology be exchanged for two lives ? Asking interns to operate long-distance flights shows a complete disregard for human life . Even though tickets are cheap , you can not treat people 's lives like a joke , " wrote user Kazumi Wawa . Asiana has announced that while the pilot was making his first landing with a Boeing 777 at San Francisco International Airport , it was not his first time flying to San Francisco . He has clocked 43 hours flying a Boeing 777 and piloted a total of about 10,000 hours , the airline said . As is often the case with social media , a handful of netizens displayed cavalier indifference to the victims , branding the girls overprivileged to be able to afford summer camp in the United States . A user named Yellow Submarine , who identified himself as a classmate of the victims , rallied , saying the trip "  was not a situation involving study abroad ambitions of wealthy people . " ` Oh , Lord have mercy ' : Witness captures fatal jet crash "  Jiangshan is a third-tier city with relatively low consumption levels and my classmates ' backgrounds were not as privileged as some netizens think , " he added . Chinese citizens comprised 141 of the 291 passengers onboard the flight . Chinese president Xi Jinping expressed his condolences Sunday to all passengers and urged the Chinese Foreign Ministry as well as the Chinese consulates in San Francisco and South Korea to provide them with proper support , according to Chinese state news agency Xinhua . Meanwhile , those watching from afar continue to express their sympathies . "  Life is so fragile , lovely girls who quickly came and went , " wrote user Sinjin . "  You took with you your parents ' hopes . How can your parents continue on ? " CNN 's Feng Ke and Meng Meng contributed to this report	Chinese netizens pour out condolences for Asiana plane crash victims Sole casualties of plane crash were two Chinese schoolgirls Crash remained one of top trending topics on Twitter-like weibo platforms on Monday
ALLENTOWN , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A federal court Thursday struck down ordinances passed by Hazleton , Pennsylvania , that were intended to limit where illegal immigrants could live and work . Last year , Hazleton passed the Illegal Immigration Relief Act Ordinance , which would have fined landlords who rented to undocumented immigrants and would have penalized companies that employed them . Under another law , tenants would have had to prove they were citizens or lawful residents , register with the city and pay for a rental permit in order to receive an occupancy permit . The ordinances were copied by other cities . The court ruled that Hazleton can not enact any ordinances dealing with illegal immigration because they conflict with the supremacy clause of the U.S. constitution . "  Hazleton , in its zeal to control the presence of a group deemed undesirable , violated the rights of such people , as well as others within the community . Since the United States Constitution protects even the disfavored , the ordinances can not be enforced , " U.S. District Judge James M. Munley wrote in the 206-page opinion . Mayor Lou Barletta , who spearheaded the opposition , said he will appeal the ruling . "  This fight is far from over , " he told reporters outside the courtroom . "  Hazleton is not going to back down . ... We will take it all the way to the Supreme Court if we have to . " Watch mayor decry "  injustice " " Barletta drafted the act last year after "  a high-profile murder , the discharge of a gun at a crowded city playground , and drug busts " allegedly involving illegal immigrants , he wrote on his Web site , www.smalltowndefenders.com . "  Illegal aliens in our city create an economic burden that threatens our quality of life , " he wrote . "  With a growing problem and a limited budget , I could not sit back any longer and allow this to happen . I needed to act ! " Hazleton 's population was 23,000 in 2000 . Since then , it has risen to an estimated 30,000 to 33,000 , with many of the newcomers being Mexican immigrants , according to Munley . The American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania was among several groups that filed the suit on behalf of Hazleton residents , landlords and business owners . The groups contended that only the federal government has the right to regulate immigration or to deprive residents of the rights to equal protection . In addition , they said , the ordinances violated state and federal housing laws . The ordinances , Munley said , "  penalize landlords , tenants , employers and employees without providing them the procedural protections required by federal law , including notice and an opportunity to be heard . " "  Our analysis applies to illegal aliens as well as to legal residents and citizens . The United States Constitution provides due process protections to all persons , " he wrote , emphasizing "  all . " The city exceeded its police powers by enacting unconstitutional ordinances , wrote Munley , whom President Clinton appointed to the federal bench in 1998 . Barletta said he would "  continue to fight for the people of this community and other cities around the country . " "  It 's almost amusing to me that the judge would say we ca n't do what the federal government should be doing , when in fact the federal government is not doing their job , " he told CNN 's Lou Dobbs . A spokesman for the ACLU of Pennsylvania expressed satisfaction with the ruling . "  Hazleton-type laws are designed to make life miserable for millions of immigrants , " said Vic Walczak , legal director for the group and a lead attorney in the case . "  They promote distrust of all foreigners , including those here legally , and fuel xenophobia and discrimination , especially against Latinos . " Anthony D. Romero , executive director of the ACLU , added , "  Political leaders , like Mayor Barletta , must stop scape-goating undocumented immigrants for all the problems we confront in our local communities . " E-mail to a friend	Federal court throws out laws limiting where illegal immigrants can live , work Judge says ordinances conflict with supremacy clause of U.S. constitution Law would have fined landlords renting to illegal aliens Mayor Lou Barletta : "  This fight is far from over "
CNN  -- Anna Tsuchiya is one of Japan 's most recognized young stars . Model , mother , actress and singer : Tsuchiya is living her life her own way . Born in Tokyo in 1984 to a Japanese mother and an American father , as a teenager , Anna started modeling , gracing the pages of fashion magazines . That later led to an acting career , starring in such movies as "  Kamikaze Girls " and "  Sakuran . " Taking on non-traditional female roles is something Tsuchiya enjoys , as mush because it fits in with here own self image as a bit of an outsider . "  It 's fun to act that kind of character who is said by others to be a ` bad girl ' but in fact she has a good heart , and that fits me , " she told CNN 's Kyung Lah . "  It would be good if many people could establish good relations in their dealings with others by pure and genuine relations rather than what is on the surface . That is the reason I am fond of acting such characters . " More recently , Anna been taking to the stage , as a punk rock singer . "  My music might have an image of being ` hard ' but in fact it expresses human emotions . So it is different from the surface image and it expresses deeper messages which have emerged from inside , " she said . With her twin career as actress and singer , she has become something of a role model for young Japanese , especially as her life and work are far removed from the traditional role for Japanese women . "  There is an image of women by which someone dictates how it should be . Nobody could say ` yes ' to that image as the right model . We only get one life . I am a woman but I am doing and want to do things that I feel are cool , " she told CNN . Since becoming a mother three years ago , Tsuchiya has developed a more mature attitude to life : "  What has changed very much is that I before I had my baby I lived just for myself . But now the child is more important than myself . " Her more sanguine attitude was compounded by tragedy when her ex-husband died in May 2008 . "  Death is a sad thing but it has to happen and time can never be reversed . I happen to think that when I die I do n't want to see people around weeping forever . I think he would have felt the same way , " she told CNN . "  So if I had been caught up with sorrow he would have been upset . Rather than being overcome , I say I accept the reality . " Despite the setback and tragedies , with Tsuchiya 's unique career in the ascendancy , her future looks bright .	Anna Tsuchiya is one of Japan 's most recognizable actresses and singers Born and raised in Tokyo by Japanese mother and Polish-American father Started as a model and moved into acting before launching musical career
Kennedy Space Center , Florida  CNN  -- NASA launched its Ares I-X rocket Wednesday , after multiple delays over two days because of bad weather . The 327-foot rocket -- which NASA considers the world 's largest -- took off at 11:30 a.m. ET , 30 minutes before a noon deadline for the launch . It rose about 24 miles . About two minutes after liftoff , the first-stage , reusable rocket booster fell into the Atlantic , where it was to be picked up by a ship . It was the first flight test for the Constellation Program , NASA 's next-generation spacecraft and launch vehicle system . The rocket 's launch is part of NASA 's mission to someday return astronauts to the moon and later travel to Mars . NASA spokesman George Diller , who was moderating the launch preparations for broadcasters , communicated the frustration as launches were repeatedly called off with just minutes to go . After 11 a.m. , it appeared there would be a narrow window for a liftoff , and a half-hour later the rocket roared skyward . "  I ca n't tell you how proud I am of all of you , " Ed Mango , Ares I-X launch director , told engineers and others inside the center after the launch . "  That was just one of the most beautiful rocket launches I 've ever seen . " "  It shows what we can do when we have a common goal . " As the clock ticked toward noon , NASA officials nervously awaited all-clears for technical items and a weather clearance from weather officer Kathy Winters who , time and again , said conditions were "  red , " meaning a no-go . A reconnaissance plane was giving her frequent weather reports . She kept looking for a break in the high-level clouds . "  It 's a very dynamic situation , " Winters said . Before the launch , the space agency had begun negotiating with the Air Force to see if a Thursday launch attempt was possible . Failing that , NASA could n't have tried again until November 16 . NASA 's primary concern was the high-level , cold clouds that can cause triboelectrification , or the production of a kind of static electricity , similar to what happens when you walk across a carpet , then touch something . If static surrounds the rocket , it can interfere with radio signals sent by or to the rocket . The Constellation Program has been developing new vehicles to replace space shuttles , which will be phased out in 2010 . If the program moves forward , the Orion capsule atop the Ares rocket will not be ready to take astronauts into space until at least 2015 , leaving a gap of at least five years in which the only way the United States would be able to put humans in orbit would be by hitching a ride with the Russians . Part of the test rocket mission is for scientists to try out three massive main parachutes , measuring 150 feet in diameter and weighing one ton each -- the largest rocket parachutes ever manufactured . The parachutes are a primary element of the rocket 's deceleration system , NASA says . After the rocket is successfully launched , the parachutes are to open at the same time , "  providing the drag necessary to slow the descent of the huge solid rocket motor for a soft landing in the ocean , " the agency says on its Web site . The two parts of the rocket are to separate at about 130,000 feet . The top of the rocket , known as the upper stage , includes a mock Orion crew capsule and a launch abort system . The upper stage will continue its ascent until gravity forces its return to Earth , after which it will fall into the Atlantic Ocean . The launch comes at a critical time , when NASA is waiting for President Obama to decide future funding for the agency . An independent committee reviewing the future of space flight recently reported that the U.S. space program appears to be pursuing goals that exceed current funding . The committee also recommended to the White House that funding for NASA 's under-construction international space station should be extended until 2020 . CNN 's Kim Segal and John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : "  One of the most beautiful rocket launches I 've ever seen , " says launch director Ares l-X rocket heads into space at 11:30 a.m. ET Weather delayed launch Tuesday at Kennedy Space Center Eventual goal with Ares I-X program is return to the moon
CNN  -- Mario Balotelli made most of the headlines prior to Liverpool 's game against Manchester City in the Premier League , but it was another striker -- a forgotten one -- who ended up as the star attraction hours later . That was Stevan Jovetic . Jovetic was signed with much fanfare from Fiorentina a year ago for about $ 36 million , but injuries and the form of other strikers at City meant he only made two league starts in 2013/2014 . Inserted into the starting lineup by manager Manuel Pellegrini , Jovetic netted twice in City 's 3-1 win in the showdown between teams that finished 1-2 last season . "  It was n't so many beautiful moments until now because I had so many problems last year , " Jovetic told Sky . "  But I do n't want to think about that . That 's past . "  Now I just want to enjoy with this team , these players to win more titles . " Substitute Sergio Aguero got City 's third , with Liverpool replying through Pablo Zabaleta 's own goal with less than 10 minutes remaining . Indeed , only when falling behind by three goals did Liverpool -- which capitulated to give City the title in May -- come to life . It was a far cry from the corresponding fixture last term , when Liverpool largely ran the show in an entertaining contest -- a 2-1 City win -- on Boxing Day . Liverpool opted for a more defensive approach Monday and could n't call on the flair of Balotelli , the flamboyant , controversial -- though not as controversial as the man he is replacing , Luis Suarez -- Italian international . He signed from Milan earlier Monday . The result left City with two wins from two games , identical to the side expected to challenge Pellegrini 's men for the title , Chelsea . Tottenham and Swansea are the only two other teams with perfect records . Jovetic pounced from close range after Dejan Lovren 's poor clearance to give City a 1-0 lead at the break . And shortly after the break , in the 55th minute , Jovetic converted Samir Nasri 's pass . "  Last year unfortunately  Jovetic  was injured a couple of times , " Nasri told Sky . "  We saw that in pre-season he was on fire . I think it 's just the start of a big season for him . " Aguero , on the pitch for a shade under 30 seconds , increased the lead after a perfectly weighted ball from Jesus Navas in the 69th before Liverpool 's consolation effort in the 83rd . Simeone banned In Spain , Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone received an eight-match ban for his conduct in the second leg of the Spanish Super Cup against Real Madrid on Saturday . Among his infractions was protesting with the fourth official and patting him on the head . He has since apologized for his actions , but it was n't enough to prevent the lengthy suspension . Simeone , whose side won the trophy , will now miss , among other matches , Atletico 's derby against Real on Sept. 13 . Getting into trouble with the authorities is nothing new for Simeone , who guided Atletico to the league title last spring . He also missed Atletico 's La Liga opener on Monday due to a ban stemming from last season . Cristiano Ronaldo scored a long-range effort for Real Madrid in its 2-0 win over newly promoted Cordoba in Real 's first game in the league . Barcelona began its season with a 3-0 win over Elche on the weekend .	Manchester City beats Liverpool 3-1 in the Premier League on Monday Forgotten man Stevan Jovetic scores twice for the defending champions Rickie Lambert gets Liverpool 's consolation in the dying minutes in Manchester City , Chelsea , Tottenham and Swansea lead the standings with maximum points
Washington  CNN  -- Since 1974 , U.S. presidents have had a tool to use Central Intelligence Agency operatives clandestinely -- but with limits . The term "  presidential finding " is back in the headlines this week because of the situation in Libya . A former counterterrorism official with knowledge of U.S.-Libya policy said there is a presidential finding authorizing the CIA to conduct operations in support of U.S. policy in Libya , including assessing the opposition and determining their needs . Here 's a deeper look at prescribed covert activities : What is a presidential finding ? A finding is a subset of a presidential directive , focused on the Central Intelligence Agency . According to a Congressional Research Services study in 2007 , presidential directives have been around since the early days of the federal government . "  Presidents , exercising magisterial or executive power not unlike that of a monarch , from time to time have issued directives establishing new policy , decreeing the commencement or cessation of some action or ordaining that notice be given to some declaration , " the study said . Over the years , there have been various directives created , known by specific names and which have a set purpose . The notion of a presidential finding was established in 1974 during the height of a congressional investigation into allegations the CIA was illegally spying on Americans and was involved in covert programs to assassinate foreign leaders . In an effort to reign in the executive branch and the CIA , Congress passed the the Hughes-Ryan amendment to the 1974 Foreign Assistance Act . The law prohibits the expenditure of appropriated funds by or on behalf of the CIA for intelligence activities "  unless and until the President finds that each such operation is important to the national security of the United States and reports , in a timely fashion , a description and scope of such operation to the appropriate committees of Congress . " How is covert activity legally defined ? U.S. law describes covert activity as any secret action taken by the United States in another country to influence that nation 's political , economic or military situation . The involvement of the U.S. is not intended to be apparent or publicly acknowledged . The statute does not include traditional intelligence-gathering overseas ; that is , seeking information within a country and analyzing it for policymakers . How specific are presidential findings ? A former senior intelligence official said presidential findings are written in a way that is "  general enough to allow flexibility , but specific enough to know legally what you can do . " Intelligence officers engaged in the secret task will know that what they are doing has been authorized by the White House and determined to be legal . A U.S. official with knowledge of findings said they create a framework for broader actions taken in the future -- actions that would require permission from the White House before being done . A former counterterrorism official said the specific activities of CIA officers would be determined by conditions on the ground and would need further approval from the president . Who determines what the covert activities will be ? The U.S. official said it is a "  collective decision . " The administration determines what the overall policy is and what the goals are , and then turns to the intelligence community for suggestions on how to carry it out . As the official put it , "  You need to look at all instruments of national power " to carry through a policy . The former senior intelligence official said covert action is seeking to change such things as the political future of a country , the attitudes of the populace , and/or the economic conditions within a nation . The fact there is a presidential finding indicates there is a "  much greater involvement " by the CIA in Libya , said the official . For instance , in the case of the rebels , the former official suggested some of the things the CIA operatives are doing on the ground are "  finding out who they  the rebels  are , what they are doing and what they need " to be successful . The official went on to say the officers "  might be advising on how to target the adversary , how to use the weapons they have , reconnaissance and counter surveillance . " Is covert action always secret ? Whenever the CIA is engaged in secret action , the U.S. wants plausible deniability of the role it may have played -- but as the former senior intelligence official indicated , that is n't always the case . For instance , when the CIA helped launch the occupation of Afghanistan following the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States , CIA operatives were in the country coordinating activities before there were any U.S. boots on the ground . "  Things were blowing up , " said the official , making it difficult to deny the agency 's involvement . The same could be said of the CIA 's use of unmanned aircraft to fire missiles at suspected terrorists in the tribal areas of Pakistan . Although the CIA and the U.S. government never acknowledge the attacks , it is one of the worst-kept secrets . The drones can be seen and heard , and the damage done is publicly evident . But the U.S. government continues to be mum on the attacks because of Pakistani outrage to them . The former intelligence official angrily said the disclosure of the Libyan covert action "  puts people 's lives at risk . " "  You ca n't do covert action without the U.S. showing its hand , " said the official , adding that will have a detrimental impact on the United States ' ability to carry out its foreign policy objectives .	A "  presidential finding " allows certain covert activities The law is primarily focused on the use of the CIA Findings can be both general and specific
Two blonde , blue-eyed girls taken from Roma couples . Authorities turn to DNA tests for answers . For a family in Ireland , it 's proof the girl is indeed their biological daughter . For a girl in Greece , the mystery remains as to who she is and who her real parents are . In Dublin , a 7-year-old girl whom Irish police took from her parents , a Roma couple , two days ago was reunited with them . A DNA test confirmed she is their daughter , a source familiar with the case 's legal proceedings told CNN on Wednesday . Police , acting on a tip , had removed the girl from her home on Monday and placed her in protective care . The girl and her parents live in the suburb of Tallaght . The parents told CNN they have a passport for the girl , but they do not call her by the name on the passport . The couple , who appeared to be very upset by the situation , also showed CNN photos of the girl . The parents appeared in family court earlier Wednesday , after which their attorney said the couple is going to take some time before considering their legal options , the British Press Association reported . "  Her parents greatly appreciate the help and assistance that they have been given by friends and relatives over the last few days , " Waheed Mudah told the PA. "  They now intend to concentrate on looking after their family and , in particular , in trying to reassure their daughter that she will be in their care . " For parents of the missing , hoes hope spring eternal ? Similar case in Greece The situation echoes a case in Greece that has grabbed the attention of authorities and parents around the world . Greek authorities say a girl believed to be 5 to 6 years old may have been abducted by a Roma couple there . Authorities have charged the couple with abducting the child they call Maria . Medical tests showed she was n't their daughter , authorities have said . That girl 's DNA did n't match any profile in Interpol 's database , the international law enforcement agency said Tuesday . Greece mystery girl : Interpol says no DNA match in its database Interpol said Greek authorities have asked for its help in finding out Maria 's identity . "  Until now , a comparison of the girl 's profile against Interpol 's global DNA database has not produced a match , " Interpol said in a news release . Maria 's photograph has been broadcast worldwide . Interpol said it would make the database available to authorities in countries where someone who claims to be a possible blood relative to the child has submitted a DNA profile . The agency has more than 600 missing people listed on its website , 32 of whom are 5 or 6 years old . A spokesman for a Greek children 's charity said about 10 cases of missing children around the world are "  being taken very seriously " in connection with Maria 's case . "  They include children from the United States , Canada , Poland and France , " said Panagiotis Pardalis of the Smile of the Child charity . The couple who had Maria until last week , Eleftheria Dimopoulou , 40 , and Christos Salis , 39 , appeared in court Monday . Both were remanded into custody pending trial . A lawyer for the couple says the pair adopted the child from her biological mother . The Smile of the Child said the girl , who was found Thursday in a Roma community near Larissa , in central Greece , is being cared for in a group home . Suspicions of false documents Police have said they suspect records that the couple provided for Maria and for other children in their care may be false . In addition to the abduction charge , the couple is accused of falsifying official documents . Four authorities , including the head of the registry office that issued Maria 's birth certificate , have been suspended while a police investigation is underway , the media office of the Athens municipality said Tuesday . The girl received the document this year , it said . It is unusual for a birth certificate to be issued years later . 1,000 years of Roma discrimination Authorities asked questions about Maria because she has fair skin and blond hair , while the couple who said they were her parents have darker complexions typical of Roma , a people descended from Indian nomads , who face widespread discrimination in Europe . Their lawyers say they took Maria into their home after her biological mother , who they say was from Bulgaria , was unable to look after her . CNN 's Karl Penhaul spoke with residents of the Roma community who backed that assertion . "  Maria used to play here with the other children and go to the store with her mum . Maria was not hidden away , " Maria Kaleas said . "  The mother gave her away and Eleftheria was enchanted by Maria 's beauty . She shared the food for her own children with Maria . " Could ` Maria ' be an American girl ? Thousands of calls poured into Greece after authorities released photos of the girl last week . Deborah Bradley and Jeremy Irwin , whose daughter Lisa Irwin was 11 months old when she vanished two years ago from their home in Kansas City , Missouri , asked the FBI to contact Greek authorities about the case . "  There is no such thing as a tip too small , " said Bradley , whose hopes were raised despite the apparent disparity in age between their missing daughter and Maria . A federal law enforcement official said the FBI is working with Greek authorities to determine whether the girl could be Lisa Irwin . A top official with the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children in Virginia said the center works with law enforcement groups to collect data , biometrics information and DNA that can be used to compare with samples from Maria . "  Frankly , right now ... it does not appear that this may be any of our children . But again we want to confirm one way or the other , " said Robert Lowery , the senior executive director of the organization 's missing children division . He added that a definitive comparison could be done "  rather quickly . " Prejudice against the Roma Prejudice and discrimination against the Roma are widespread in Greece and elsewhere in Europe , Amnesty International says . Maria 's case plays into old prejudices about them stealing children for forced labor . Pardalis mentioned such a possibility , saying , "  We do n't have any other information if this girl was forced to work or to beg on streets . " The government news agency also raised "  the possibility of the existence of a ring bringing pregnant women to Greece from Bulgaria and then taking their children for sale . " The agency cited past reports that empty coffins had been found for infants who supposedly were stillborn to foreign mothers in Athens . Photo blog : The plight of the Roma	Roma woman says couple in Greece did n't try to keep girl hidden from community Tests show Ireland girl belongs to Roma couple , source says The mother and father appear in court Amnesty International : Discrimination against the Roma is widespread in Europe
CNN  -- A young man jangles a stack of coins , organizes his passengers like they 're shapes in a game of Tetris , then bangs on the side of the colorful bus . We move off , clattering along the noisy , dusty road . The city is Dar es Salaam , Tanzania 's biggest and the place President Obama hung out on his July visit to East Africa . The man is the conductor and his bus is a "  dala dala " -- hordes of which toot and rattle along the key arteries through Dar es Salaam every day . This city is often ignored by travelers heading to Tanzania 's big tourist destinations -- it 's not hard to see why . "  Dar " has few obvious attractions and can get hot and sticky . Its streets are filled with traffic , exhaust fumes and dust . Yet it has charm and for anyone willing to experience some "  Bongo flava " via one of these eccentric buses , the rewards can be great .  "  Bongo flava " is the Tanzanian brand of R&B / hip hop , which originates here in Bongo Town , the local nickname for Dar  . More : Can the Maasai survive modernity ? Dala for dollar Dala dala get their name from the slang term for five Tanzanian shillings  "  dala " for dollar  , the bus fare in the 1970s and 1980s when these vehicles started operating as a response to poor public transportation . Now a standard trip costs 400 shillings  25 cents  , though the fare can be more if you 're going a long distance . Dala dalas are an attraction in and of themselves , their bright exteriors painted in set designs and colors that indicate the route . Dala dalas are featured in one of the most popular Tanzanian TV shows , with random people being picked up to discuss issues of the day as they get a ride to work . I spend a day exploring the city via dala dala , invariably slotted into a sweaty squeeze , forehead dangerously close to the metal frame hanging from the roof . Yet however crowded it gets inside , the atmosphere is friendly . When I ask where to get off for Kariakoo market , a fellow passenger offers to escort me there . He turns out to be a fisherman on a day off . Conversation along the way ranges from Tanzania 's chances in the football World Cup qualifier against Ivory Coast to the best fishing and diving spots . More : High peaks and wildlife put Tanzania on the tourist map Kariakoo market variety Kariakoo market , the largest market in East Africa , is worth the stop . It covers several blocks of shops , stalls and courtyards all set around an imposing indoor market built in the 1970s . Its high vaulted arches provide an odd setting for the small hardware sellers who inhabit it . Downstairs there 's a huge basement complex where fruit and vegetable traders dwell in semi-darkness . Above ground Kariakoo is full of color and trade in a huge variety of goods , from farming tools and food to bows and arrows . It 's a good spot for sampling Dar 's abundant street food -- a combined product of the fertile Tanzanian soil and Indian influences . Options include chipsi mayai  chips/fries in an omelet -- a Tanzanian staple  , samosas , chapattis , roasted corn served with chili and lime , mandazi  something like a doughnut  , sugarcane and tropical fruits . Drinks include coconut juice straight from the coconut or coffee from one of Dar 's renowned mobile street coffee vendors . Dar is a port city , so also a place for seafood . For this it 's best to go to source . Fried octopus snacks A short dala dala ride from Kariakoo , the main fish market assaults the senses ; it 's full of activity , shouts , smells and a variety of fish and sea creatures . At one end the market , a concrete wall drops down to the natural harbor where fishing boats sit on the white sands or at anchor in the water . At the other end , their haul is cooked up in huge sizzling frying pans . Still chewing some deep-red fried octopus , I board a dala dala moving along the seafront . Although color-coding makes them they look like a single organized collective , dala dalas are private enterprises and feature a range of individual touches representing the owners ' tastes and allegiances . The most obvious of these are slogans many carry on the windshield sunshade , ranging from religious  "  Allah Akbar , " "  Jesus Power "  to sporting  "  Liverpool Forever "  to cryptic  "  New Passion , " "  Simba Family "  . In this sense they 're cousins to the jeepneys of the Philippines . The one taking me along Kivukoni front features tassels around its windows and has a sound system playing Bongo Flava . The dala dala travels along the line of distinctive old colonial government buildings built by the Germans in the 1890s and British in the 1920s  well preserved and used by the current Tanzanian government  followed by impressive Catholic and Anglican cathedrals . From here , it 's a short hop to the Asian Quarter , Kisutu . This part of town has a different feel to the African Quarter where Kariakoo is located . It 's filled with art deco buildings , mosques and Hindu temples and the women are as likely to be wearing an Indian sari as a Tanzanian kanga . The roof terrace of the nearby Sapphire Hotel offers a panoramic view of the city , as well as a good gin and tonic . Looking out at the Dar skyline you can see the jumbled high-rise blocks jutting over the older , squatter buildings . Look harder and you can see the dense slums that house most of the city 's population . More : 7 things every first-time Africa traveler should know Luxury and opulence The final dala dala ride of the day takes me to Msasani Peninsula , a prime example of the city 's recent rapid re-development . Located in the north of the city , beyond the popular hangout of Coco Beach , the once largely uninhabited peninsula is now home to many of Dar 's richer inhabitants , including much of the expat community . This is Dar 's newest face : marina , luxury apartment blocks , upmarket shopping precinct , restaurants , bars . Many have Maasai security guards standing outside . These members of the famous pastoralist tribe  easily recognizable by their tall , robed frames  have been forced by drought and other factors to leave their traditional lifestyle and move to the towns and cities in search of work . Dar es Salaam is a place of uncomfortable contrasts . Nevertheless , the dala dalas make it a worthwhile stop alongside Tanzania 's more obvious attractions . How to catch a dala dala To catch a dala dala you have to be at , or at least near , a bus stop . There 's no timetable ; frequency depends on traffic but they generally come around at least every 10 minutes . A standard journey costs 400 shillings  25 cents  . The conductor will let you know if you need to pay more . The main dala dala stops in downtown Dar are Posta  center  , Fire  west center -- next to the Fire Station near Kariakoo  and Kivukoni  east center , covering the fish market and waterfront  . Dala dalas for Kivukoni are painted green . Ask where you should get off for the fish market . Lots of buses go past Kiriakoo . For Msasani Peninsula , get a bus going to Msasani  dark blue  , or one going to Mwenge  light blue  , get off at Mbuyuni and walk . Dala dalas heading for Mwenge go past the Mwenge carvers market and the village museum . More : ` Star Wars ' attraction in Tunisian desert being consumed by sand	Dala dala get their name from the "  dollar " that a journey cost in the 1970s They 're a local way to get around the city 's districts and destinations They can be uncomfortable , but they 're always fun and riders are friendly
CNN  -- It 's probably been a few years since you packed your books and lunch in a bag , kissed your mom at the door and stumbled off to grade school . But if you 've got a friend traveling to Japan , you might soon find yourself slinging an old-timey book bag over your shoulders . Randoseru , Japan 's traditional schoolchild 's backpack , has become the latest must-buy souvenir in Japan . The randoseru is a mandatory item for first-year elementary school kids in Japan . Made primarily of leather , the simple , boxy backpack is known for its sturdiness and is usually expected to last a student through his or her first six years of school . Its popularity among foreigners gained traction earlier this year when Zooey Deschanel was spotted in New York sporting a red randoseru . It 's not the first time Deschanel 's taste in backwear has spawned an unlikely trend . In 2012 , she was seen wearing a Fjallraven rucksack -- a hipster schoolbag brand from Sweden -- and a fashion mini-wave was born . Randoseru sales up In addition to becoming a topic of conversation on talk shows in Japan , the photo of Deschanel and her randoseru made the rounds on the internet . In April , Yorozu and Nagomi souvenir shops at Kansai International Airport in Osaka began stocking the bags in response to a sudden and unexpected demand from tourists . Yorozu tells CNN that the shop now sells about 120 randoseru each month . Chinese and Taiwanese parents and grandparents are among the biggest buyers , but travelers from other countries have been snatching them up , as well . Seiban , a randoseru manufacturer , has also seen an increase in foreign shoppers at its randoseru shop in Tokyo 's Harajuku area . The company says it 's considering hiring more foreign-language-speaking staff to accommodate the demand , according to the Japan Times . Randoseru typically cost between $ 120 and $ 600 . How long the randoseru trend lasts is anybody 's guess . Probably at least until Deschanel is spotted toting her stuff in an egg basket , toolbox or whatever 's next . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Randoseru , Japan 's traditional schoolchild 's backpack , has become the latest must-buy souvenir in Japan Zooey Deschanel was spotted in New York sporting a red randoseru , making the rounds on the internet One souvenir shop at Kansai International Airport in Osaka sells about 120 randoseru each month
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It takes a savvy film star to invest in the only business that 's keeping audiences away from cinemas . In the case of India 's biggest Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan that 's cricket . Photographers mob Shah Rukh Khan and his wife Gauri as they arrive for the inaugural Indian Premier League players ' auction , February 20 , 2008 . Over 45 days from April to June , India 's newest big money cricket competition -- the DLF Indian Premier League -- infected the country with the kind of excitement usually reserved for the item number in the latest Bollywood blockbuster . Off the pitch , among the cheerleaders and dancing girls , was actor Shah Rukh Khan , the proud new co-owner of the Kolkata Knight Riders , a cricket team whose name was said to be inspired by David Hasselhoff 's 1980s television hit . The team , captained by Indian cricketing hero Sourav Ganguly , took to the field in black and gold uniforms created by Bollywood designer Manish Malhotra ; black for the color of goddess Kali and gold , because as Khan said , "  We aim for gold . " In fact , the Knight Riders were knocked out of the competition before the semi-finals , with Khan announcing to fans via SMS : "  Al of us have become part of a failed script , a bad IPL script . Let 's try and keep our chin up . " Shah Rukh Khan , one of the few people in the world also known by his initials , has every reason to keep his own chin up . Twenty years after his first onscreen role in the Indian television series "  Fauji , " SRK -- the man and the brand -- is more popular than ever . On Sunday night , he won the Best Actor award in Bollywood 's version of the Oscars -- the International Indian Film Academy Awards -- for his role as coach of the Indian national women 's field hockey team in "  Chak De ! India . " The film took nine awards in all , including Best Film and Best Director . Shah Rukh Khan 's previous box-office outing , "  Om Shanti Om , " scooped five awards , adding icing to its title of Bollywood 's highest-ever grossing film . In India , you do n't have to go to the cinema to see Shah Rukh Khan . He has returned to the small screen , this time as a television quizmaster . After fronting the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , " he 's back with a new series , the local take on the U.S. hit "  Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader . " If there 's any proof of Shah Rukh Khan 's global appeal , it comes in the form of 15 year old Shabana Shaheen who lives in Virginia in the U.S. . The high school student created her own Shah Rukh Khan Fansite last year -- www.freewebs.com/srkplace . All that and she 's never been to India . "  The thing he 's like a normal person . He 's down to earth and humble , " she says . "  He values his family -- his parents who have passed away , his wife and children . He 's so normal ; he just behaves like a normal human being . " Shabana inherited her love of Shah Rukh Khan from her mother who moved to the U.S. from Pakistan . In Virginia , it 's not hard to keep up with the latest Bollywood action . A cinema close to Shabana 's home shows the most popular productions . And then there 's the internet . Shabana 's website gets as many as 1000 hits a day , mainly from fans in the United Kingdom and India . "  It 's amazing -- so many people are crazy about him , even in Germany , " she says . "  A lot of people in Mexico are also apparently very big fans of his films . " In part , Shah Rukh Khan 's fame can be put down to expert merchandising . He 's the consummate salesman , charming and keenly aware there 's a huge market for his product . The Kolkata Knight Riders may be one of the newest sporting teams in the world , but within months , Khan and Co. has turned them into a lucrative brand . While they did n't win the IPL on-pitch title , they took away the prize as the team who made the most money . Jerseys , t-shirts , sneakers , caps , key chains , coasters , mugs , bandanas , sippers and posters all came with KKR branding through a merchandising deal with Reebok and Indian music group Planet M. Fans could even buy the CD , featuring the KKR theme song , ` Korbo , Lorbo , Jeetbo , ' which means "  We will do it , fight it and win it . " Shah Rukh Khan made the most of his iconic status by writing a blog on the team website under the title of "  12th man " . Fans were encouraged to become a 12th man as well . So far there are more than 46,000 . Another wave of SRK mania is set to sweep through cinemas in December 2008 with the release of "  Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi , " translated as "  A Couple Made by God . " It 's a love story directed by Aditya Chopra , the man behind Shah Rukh Khan 's enduring hit , "  Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge . " DDLJ , as it 's known , has been playing to packed cinemas for the past 13 years . With Shah Rukh Khan topping the bill , it 's likely to be there a lot longer .	Bollywood superstar makes sporting debut as owner of Kolkata Knight Riders Shah Rukh Khan still wildly popular 20 years after his television debut Now presents India 's version of "  Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader " Filming "  Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi , " a Bollywood love story to be released late 2008
CNN  -- This list is n't just about soundtracks or great music in the movies -- it is about quintessential movie moments where a song flawlessly complements or enhances the action . Reservoir Dogs : Mr. Blonde tortures a prisoner accompanied by 70s bubblegum pop A riff or harmony that works so perfectly that the hair on the back of your neck stands on end . Or a classic song at just the right moment to mainline feel good factor . We 've compiled a list of 10 of what we think are the best . If you do n't agree or think we 've missed one , share your views by using the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best . 1 . The film : Easy Rider , Dennis Hopper  1969  The song : Born to be Wild , Steppenwolf The scene : The opening sequence From the moment Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper kicked their motorbikes to life and gunned down the dusty highway accompanied by "  Born to be Wild " almost 40 years ago , audiences were electrified . The lure of escaping onto endless , empty roads still resonates today , even if Steppenwolf has become the food of a million drivetime clichés . 2 . The film : Reservoir Dogs , Quentin Tarantino  1992  The song : Stuck in the middle with you , Stealers Wheel The scene : Mr. Blonde cuts a man 's ear off "  You ever listen to K Billy 's Super sounds of the 70 's ? " asks Michael Madsen 's super-cool psychopath Mr. Blonde as he opens up a cut throat razor . Innocuous -- but then we see a bloody man with a duct-taped mouth . Mr. Blonde tunes the radio , does an eccentric little dance to "  Stuck in the Middle With You " and then brutally cuts the man 's ear off . It 's the juxtaposition of sadistic violence with bubblegum pop that epitomizes Tarantino 's brilliance and has been much aped since . 3 . The film : Goodfellas , Martin Scorsese  1990  The song : Layla , Eric Clapton The scene : Jimmy 's murder spree montage Scorsese 's use of the piano exit from "  Layla " over a montage showing the ugly demise of a series of gangsters after a heist is simply brilliant . The pink car , the garbage truck , the meat locker : scene after scene of horribly disfigured corpses that Scorsese has somehow imbued with the wistful poetry of the end of an era . 4 . Apocalypse Now , Francis Ford Coppola  1979  The song : The End , The Doors The scene : Captain Willard waiting for an assignment in Saigon The Doors ' dark epic twists and turns of over the opening scenes of Captain Willard waiting for his next assignment in a humid hotel room in Saigon . It perfectly evokes the stifling claustrophobia he feels stuck alone with nothing but his demons and a bottle for company . 5 . The film : Muriel 's Wedding , P. J. Hogan  1995  The song : Waterloo by ABBA The scene : Muriel and Rhonda triumph at a talent contest ABBA-obsessed ugly duckling , Muriel performs "  Waterloo " at the local talent contest and sticks the proverbial two fingers up to the small-town bitches who have been bullying her . Even the white satin jumpsuit straining over her ample figure ca n't take away from her triumph -- and when the synchronized dancing starts there are n't many film moments that can beat it for feel-good factor . 6 . The film : Almost Famous , Cameron Crowe  2000  The song : Tiny Dancer , Elton John The scene : On the tourbus the band sing along to Tiny Dancer 1960 's rockers , Stillwater , are stuck on the tour bus . No-one is talking and the tension is palpable . "  Tiny Dancer " comes on the radio and slowly one by one they start singing along . Everyone grins and tensions drain away . Touching without being cheesy , this scene is full of nostalgia for good times had with friends and will stay with you long after watching the film . 7 . Say Anything , Cameron Crowe  1989  The song : In Your Eyes , Peter Gabriel The scene : Lloyd tries to woo Diane You have to admire Lloyd 's  played by a young John Cusack  style as he stands outside love interest Diane 's window holding his boombox aloft blaring "  In Your Eyes " like a modern day Romeo . Maybe Peter Gabriel 's song has n't quite stood the test of time but if you do n't get hung up on the fact that it sounds a bit cringeworthy now , this is a scene of perfect romance -- 80 's - style . 8 . The Royal Tenenbaums , Wes Anderson  2001  The song : Needle in the Hay , Elliot Smith The scene : Richie Tenenbaum attempts suicide Beautifully shot with no ambient noise , just the melancholy "  Needle in the Hay , " we see Richie -- the tennis prodigy who never realized his potential -- methodically cutting off all his hair before , shockingly , slicing his wrists . It 's both intimate and appalling . In a dark coincidence , Smith died in 2003 as a result of two stab wounds to the chest , thought to be suicide . 9 . Dr Strangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb , Stanley Kubrick  1964  The song : We 'll meet again , Vera Lynn The scene : Nuclear apocalypse "  We 'll meet again , Do n't know where , Do n't know when , " warbles a hopeful Vera Lynn as mushroom cloud after mushroom cloud explodes into the sky . It 's as preposterous as making a comedy about nuclear armageddon . But with Kubrick at the helm and Peter Sellers playing three of the main characters , this unlikely film -- like its ending -- works very well indeed . The film : Trainspotting , Danny Boyle  1996  The song : Lust for Life , Iggy Pop The scene : Choose Life voiceover The opening drumbeat of "  Lust for Life " kicks in and Renton deadpans "  Chose life . Choose a career . " -- the beginning of one of the most cynically brilliant monologues in film or literature . It is strangely exhilarating and the fact that Iggy Pop is a punk legend and heroin survivor just adds to the pop culture cool . E-mail to a friend	Call of the open road : the opening scenes of "  Easy Rider " with "  Born to be Wild " Iggy Pop lends his pop culture cool to the start of "  Trainspotting " Scorsese adds gravitas to a murder spree with "  Layla " in "  Goodfellas " Mr. Blond lops off an ear to some bubblegum pop in "  Reservoir Dogs "
Editor 's note : Akbar Ganji is a leading Iranian dissident and pro-democracy activist . He served a six-year sentence in Tehran 's Evin prison for his reporting on human rights abuses in Iran . The London-based human rights organization , Article 19 , has described Ganji as the "  Iranian Vaclav Havel " and he has received more than a dozen human rights , press freedom and pro-democracy awards . He is the author of "  The Road to Democracy in Iran "  MIT Press , 2008  . Akbar Ganji says Iran 's leaders should be held to account for denying its citizens their liberties . CNN  -- This week world leaders will gather in New York for the annual meeting of the U.N. General Assembly . While Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will be among them , Iranians reject his claim to leadership . They strongly oppose any meeting or recognition of Ahmadinejad , especially by President Obama . The pro-democracy movement in Iran today unanimously believes that he enjoys his current position because he was "  reappointed " president after stealing several million votes in June 12 presidential election . Popular protests against this state of affairs have been met with bullets from the Iranian regime . Thousands were arrested and dozens were killed . Opposition supporters have been tortured in jail and credible reports of rape have surfaced . In recent years the Western media has not focused on the systematic human rights violations in Iran but rather on Iran 's nuclear ambitions and Ahmadinejad 's rhetoric toward Israel and the Nazi Holocaust . Iranians are deeply upset by the general inattentiveness of the media and world leaders to their political protests . If you listen to the democratic voices of Iranians and leaders of Iran 's Green Movement there is a unanimous view that Ahmadinejad 's policies have severely undermined Iranian national interests and he has inadvertently better served the interests of Israel . Although the regime has been able to reassert control due to severe repression recent events have led to important social transformations in Iran . Today there are many prominent names publicly opposing the Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei . Many open letters have been circulated that for the first time directly criticize him . U.S. policy under Obama has also played a constructive role . The absence of military threats and new economic sanctions has given democracy activists more room to maneuver , posing new challenges to the regime . In order to deal with this internal crisis Khamenei 's only option is to shift attention to Iran 's relationship with the outside world -- the United States in particular . By increasing verbal attacks on the West and exacerbating regional conflicts he hopes to draw the attention of both Iranians and the world away from the systematic violations of human rights in Iran . Iran 's nuclear ambitions should not be considered the primary weak point for the regime . To a limited extent Khamenei and his disciples can manipulate the nationalist sentiment of Iranians around this issue . The Achilles heel for the regime today is the widespread and systematic violations of human rights against it own people . Greater exposure and scrutiny of this key issue will generate more popular discontent toward the leaders of Iran . Khamenei can not maintain regime loyalty or acquiescence in the face of these massive human rights violations . It is precisely these organized repressive measures that the International Criminal Court , in other contexts , has called "  crimes against humanity . " Although Iran , like the United States and Israel , are not members of the ICC , charges can be brought against the Iranian regime via the U.N. Security Council -- similar to the process that led to the arrest warrant for Omar Al Bashir , the leader of Sudan . We in the Iranian human rights movement can document , with certification from a team of international lawyers , that leaders of the Iranian regime are guilty of crimes against humanity under Article 7 of the Rome Statute that established the ICC . Today , the people of Iran are in need of the moral and spiritual support from people around the world . In the current circumstances the most important form of support would be to assist with the campaign of charging the leaders of Iran with "  crimes against humanity " and to help disseminate this initiative so that it becomes the main avenue of engagement with Iran by the international community . We are seeking to place this issue at the top of the international agenda so that leaders of the Iranian regime will think twice before traveling abroad as well as to make it morally unacceptable for leaders of democratic countries to extend a hand to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . This article was translated by Nader Hashemi , Assistant Professor of Middle East and Islamic Politics at the Josef Korbel School of International Studies , University of Denver .	Akbar Ganji : World leaders gathering for U.N. General Assembly He says Iranians reject Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's claim to represent them He says the U.S. , other nations , should avoid any recognition of Ahmadinejad Ganji : Charges should be brought against regime in international court
CNN  -- It 's official : It was a great white shark that bit a man 's legs last week just off the coast of Truro , Massachusetts . "  This conclusion was reached after examination of the injuries and testimony from  the victim  , " said Reginald Zimmerman , a spokesman for the office of Energy and Environmental Affairs . Chris Myers and his teenage son were swimming toward a sandbar about 500 yards off Ballston Beach . They wanted to body surf where the waves were breaking . "  Apparently I was the only one on Cape Cod who had n't heard of the shark sightings , " Myers told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday night . Reports of shark sightings have gone up off the coast of Massachusetts in recent years , especially around areas where seals congregate . Shark-bite victim : ` Only one option , which was swim ' But just after the pair decided to turn around , something bit the man 's leg . "  I figured it was either an elephant ... or a polar bear ... or a shark . So pretty quickly I got to shark , " Myers jokes . "  It felt like I was in a very , very heavy vise . " The great white shark then surfaced between father and son , who were about 6 feet apart , arching its back as if intentionally showing itself to them , he said . The shark slipped under the waters , and the men swam back to shore where they were helped by a doctor and a nurse who happened to be on the shoreline . Myers was composed until he realized he had survived a great white shark attack . He had only one word to describe that moment : "  euphoria . " The physical damage caused by the shark was far less than it could have been . Myers has a cast on his left leg because his tendons were severed and 47 stitches on his right leg , where the teeth of the shark left several puncture wounds . Great white sharks range from 12 to 21 feet and weigh nearly 3 tons . They are believed to live longer than 30 years . Increased shark attacks : Is ` Jaws ' back ? Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Official says a great white shark bit a man off the coast of Truro The victim was released from the hospital with 47 stitches and a cast The son escaped the incident with no injuries
EW.com  -- Social media can be a complicated thing for any celebrity . On one hand , it gives fans an opportunity to connect personally with stars . On the other , it can be a place for public attacks and ridicule , and in the case of Shia LaBeouf , a great way to express yourself through other people 's words . It seems Keira Knightley is above it all . In a new interview with Harper 's Bazaar UK , the British actress revealed she once secretly joined Twitter using a fake name , only to delete the account 12 hours later . "  It made me feel a little bit like being in a school playground and not being popular and standing on the sidelines kind of going , ` Argh , ' " Knightley told the mag . The notoriously private star , who was married to musician James Righton in May , also addressed the perception around Hollywood of her "  snooty " attitude . "  I like being private . I have n't asked a lot of the actresses who I really admire , ` How do you do it ? ' because I do n't want to know . Maybe I 'm childish in that way ; I just do n't want to know about your life . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The actress says she joined Twitter using a fake name Knightley then promptly quit the social media site She says she likes "  being private "
Washington  CNN  Sen. Rand Paul resumes the campaign trail Wednesday , returning to the first-in-the-nation primary state of New Hampshire for a full day of events . It 's his first time to the Granite State since he made a two-day swing in October to campaign for Scott Brown , and his fifth visit to the state in the past year . But this time there 's no hiding under the guise of a 2014 surrogate . The Kentucky Republican , who 's likely running for president , is roaring to get started as Mitt Romney , Jeb Bush and Chris Christie also make big pre-campaign moves . Look no further than the blunt criticism Paul offered of his potential rivals on the eve of his New Hampshire trip . In an interview with Politico , Paul knocked Bush as a "  Big Government Republican " and argued that Romney already "  had his chance . " RELATED : Jeb Bush heads to California fundraisers , some hosted by former Romney donors In a separate interview with the conservative outlet The Daily Signal , Paul further pounced on Romney for considering a third presidential run , saying the former Massachusetts governor failed to "  attract a big enough constituency to win " and that "  it 's time for some fresh blood . " It was only a few days ago that his top political adviser , Doug Stafford , reacted to the Romney news by telling reporters : "  As Senator Paul has said previously , the more the merrier . " Guess not . In New Hampshire Wednesday , Paul started by meeting with local elected officials for breakfast in Manchester at Murphy 's Diner , a local hot spot known for its Captain Crunch French Toast . Later in the day he attends what 's billed as a "  Second Amendment Supporter Event " at the Londonderry Fish & Game Club , before touring the Founders Academy , a public charter school in Manchester . Also among his six public and private events is a session on Common Core , where Paul will likely draw a sharp contrast between himself and Bush , who 's a staunch supporter of the controversial education standards . RELATED : What 's happening in 2016 : Romney and everyone else On the same day it was reported that Christie is gearing up to launch a political action committee , Paul 's adviser , Stafford , confirmed Tuesday that Paul hired Chip Englander as the campaign manager for his likely presidential campaign . Englander , 33 , ran Republican Bruce Rauner 's impressive gubernatorial win last year in Illinois , stealing the office away from Democratic hands . The Washington Post first reported Englander 's hire . It was the latest staff move by Team Rand , which also recently hired Republican strategist Chris LaCivita , who helped embattled Sen. Pat Roberts hold onto his seat in Kansas last year , as a senior adviser . LaCivita is slated to run Paul 's campaign in South Carolina , which typically holds the first primary in the South . Paul is bypassing the congressional GOP retreat in Pennsylvania on Thursday to fly out West and meet with business leaders and activists in Phoenix behind closed doors . On Friday and Saturday , he continues holding meetings and events , this time in Nevada , a state that traditionally holds the first nominating contest in the West . His father , former Rep. Ron Paul , had a solid block of support in Nevada as a presidential candidate in 2012 . While Romney overwhelmingly won the caucuses , Paul took a majority of the state 's delegates . Rand Paul will make a public appearance at the Peppermill Restaurant in Vegas on Friday and talk to reporters in Reno the next day . RELATED : Christie supporters to form leadership PAC	Sen. Rand Paul has six events on Wednesday in the important primary state of New Hampshire The Kentucky Republican also did a round of no-holds-barred interviews where he criticized potential opponents 2016 hopefuls have been making increasingly public steps toward running including Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney
CNN  -- Joshua Scowcroft has lived through some intense winter weather in the decade he 's lived in Vermont . But this winter -- which offered an encore Monday in the form of up to 30 inches of snow -- takes the cake . "  This is the snowiest , craziest winter I have ever seen in my life , " he told CNN on Tuesday , after hand-shoveling enough snow to create a 7-foot pile by the driveway . "  Between brutally cold days of negative 20 with the wind , then two days where the temperature hit 50 and 30 inches of snow in 24 or 48 hours , this is one for the books , " Scowcroft said . The storm -- the same system that brought tornadoes to Louisiana earlier in the week -- dumped up to 30 inches of snow on parts of Vermont , New York and Maine . It also brought heavy rain to parts of Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Massachusetts and Virginia and prompted flood warnings and watches as far south as Georgia , according to CNN meteorologist Monica O'Connor . In Burlington , where the National Weather Service officially reported 17.1 inches of snow but posted reports of up to 30 inches in places , Christopher Reynolds was still cooped up on Tuesday , if comfortably , "  with plenty of food for a week if need be . " "  It 's great to see the sun today -- very pretty with all the pine trees hanging low with their thick coating of snow , " he said . Although many roads were clear , Reynolds and his family were still stuck Tuesday because the family snow removal contractor spent much of the day rescuing people from the snow or getting stuck himself , Reynolds said . By the time he arrived Monday night , he could get only halfway up their driveway before he had to quit . The snow comes as an unwelcome coda to winter for Vermont , where the 43 inches recorded in February set a record for the month , according to the O'Connor . That being said , heavy March snow is not unheard of in the state -- the record for the month is 47.6 inches , she said . While the snow was a nuisance , flooding was the greater threat throughout parts of the Northeast . High water from intense rain caused major flooding along the Housatonic and Still rivers in Connecticut , as well as minor or moderate flooding along the Connecticut , Farmington , Quinnipiac and Pomperaug rivers . In Oxford , Connecticut , video from CNN affiliate WTNH showed fast-moving floodwater rising almost to the doorknobs of some homes . Oxford resident A.J. Monaco told the station that the water rose too quickly for him to get anything out of the house . "  Came out of nowhere , " he said . "  Next thing you know I have 3 feet of water and I had no time to do anything but lock up the house , jump in the truck and watch the water accumulate higher and higher . " Up to 2 1/2 inches of rain are forecast for parts of Connecticut on Thursday , raising the threat of additional flooding in the western part of the state , according to the state Department of Emergency Management and Homeland Security . The storm also could bring a bit more snow to Vermont .	Up to 30 inches of snow fall on parts of the Northeast Heavy rain from the same storm causes flooding in Connecticut More rain is forecast later in the week
CNN  -- Austrian investigators Monday released more details about the elaborate underground cellar where Josef Fritzl kept his daughter imprisoned for 24 years , along with three of their children . Josef Fritzl admitted to authorities he raped his daughter and fathered her children . Investigators believe Fritzl planned to build the cellar as early as 1978 , shortly after , according to his daughter , he began raping her at age 11 or 12 , said police spokesman Franz Polzer . The 73-year-old Austrian began building the dungeon as part of an addition to his home that year , and simply added the hidden space -- which was not recorded in any building plans -- Polzer said . It took Fritzl until 1983 to finish the addition , Polzer said . Investigators recently discovered another door to the dungeon prison , which was blocked by a 500-kilogram  1,100-pound  steel and concrete door that Fritzl probably stopped using when he later constructed an electronic door for a second entrance , Polzer said . Fritzl , who police believe was the only one with access to the cellar , had to travel through an elaborate maze to get to the prison . "  You would have to open up a total of eight doors , and ...  for the  last door which would go into this space  where the family was imprisoned  , you would also have to use electronic opening apparatus , " Polzer said . "  We will have to find out perhaps later from now if perhaps there are other spaces we have n't discovered yet , and perhaps maybe there is something else interesting . " Fritzl was recently arrested and confessed to holding his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in the dungeon under the Fritzl home for decades , repeatedly raping her and fathering seven children -- six of whom survived . Three of the children were adopted by Josef Fritzl and his wife after he concocted the ruse that Elisabeth had left the babies on their doorstep . The story of the family 's imprisonment began to unravel more than two weeks ago , when one of the children still in the dungeon , 19-year-old Kerstin Fritzl , fell seriously ill with convulsions . The father agreed to take her to a hospital , the first time she was allowed out of the prison where she had spent her entire life with her mother and two brothers . Dr. Albert Reiter , who is treating Kerstin , said Monday that while her condition is still "  grave , " it "  has improved somewhat . " "  She has become more stable , but despite that we have to continue to keep her under sedation and give her respiratory help , " Reiter said , noting it is not clear how long she will be kept under sedation . Elisabeth and her two sons were reunited with her mother , Rosemarie , who police say knew nothing about the basement prison . They were also reunited with the three children that Josef had taken from Elisabeth . The reunited family is living in secluded quarters at a psychiatric clinic , where they are finding a daily routine and adjusting to sunlight -- something the two boys had never seen -- according to the clinic 's chief doctor . "  The mother and the smallest child have , in just the last couple of days , increased their sensitivity to light , " Dr. Berthold Kepplinger said . "  So we have been able to equip them with protective sunglasses . " Five-year-old Felix is "  getting more and more lively , " Kepplinger said . "  He 's fascinated by everything that he sees around him -- the fresh air , the light , and the food -- all of these things are helping them , " he said . "  Slowly the color of their skin is changing back to a more normal  shade  . " He also said the family members are still getting to know each other and live together as a family . Kepplinger praised Elisabeth for having provided a daily living routine for her children during their captivity . He said the family is getting into a new routine in which the mother and the grandmother make breakfast for the family , and the children make their beds . However , he said there is a noticeable difference between the pace of life of the children held in captivity and that of those who grew up in Fritzl 's home . He said the mother , Elisabeth , takes breaks and naps several times a day . The health of the family members is satisfactory and hospital staff have been able to let more and more light into the rooms where the family is staying , Kepplinger said . Kepplinger said the children , after being confined to a small space their entire lives , are finding it increasingly easy to be in larger spaces . Initially the dungeon where Fritzl held his daughter was only 35 square meters . In 1993 , around the time Elisabeth was pregnant with her fourth child , Fritzl decided to add to the dungeon , building another room that increased the entire living space of the family to about 55 square meters . On Wednesday or Thursday , prosecution authorities will attempt to question Fritzl -- who is no longer talking to police following his initial confession , state prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said . A warden at the St. Poelten jail , where Fritzl is being held , told CNN that Fritzl appears to be doing well , but he is refusing to go on walks outside the building where he is detained . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Hospitalized incest daughter 's condition is grave but stable , police say Fritzl imprisoned and raped daughter , also fathered her children , police say Wife of Josef Fritzl was too scared to question him , her sister says Fritzl 's wife focused on keeping family healthy , according to her sister
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Mel Martinez , a Florida Republican , announced Friday that he will resign his seat as soon as a replacement can be named by the governor . Sen. Mel Martinez is the only Hispanic Republican in the U.S. Senate . "  My priorities have always been my faith , my family and my country , and , at this stage of my life and after nearly 12 years of public service in Florida and in Washington , it is time to return to Florida and my family , " the 62-year-old said in Orlando , Florida . "  So today I am announcing my decision to step down from public office . " Martinez said he is resigning "  of my own free will . There is no impending reason ; it 's only my desire to move on and to get on with the rest of my life . " He added that he is in good health and that he expects the next phase of his life will take place in the private sector . "  However , I do hope that I can have a voice to speak out on issues I think are important , " he said . Martinez added that he has no plans to run for any other public office . At a news conference at McDill Air Force Base in Florida , Gov. Charlie Crist said he will "  undertake a very thorough , comprehensive , thoughtful process " to find a replacement for Martinez . He vowed not to appoint himself to complete Martinez 's six-year term , which ends in about 17 months , and predicted that he would reach a decision before the Senate returns from recess September 8 . Crist , a Republican , had announced in May that he would not seek a second term as governor and instead would run for Martinez 's seat in the 2010 election . Martinez was elected in 2004 . He announced in December his intention to retire at the end of his term . Martinez is the only Hispanic Republican in the Senate . He joined eight other Republicans on Thursday in voting to confirm Judge Sonia Sotomayor as the first Hispanic justice to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court . Democrats hold a tenuous filibuster-proof majority in the Senate , with 60 votes . Martinez is one of six Republicans who have stated they would not seek re-election in 2010 . But the Florida senator is the second Republican who has decided to leave before the curtain drops on the 111th Congress next fall . Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , recently announced her intention to quit the Senate three years before her term expires , in order to run for governor next year . The five other Republicans who are retiring are Missouri Sen. Kit Bond , Kansas Sen. Sam Brownback , New Hampshire Sen. Judd Gregg , Kentucky Sen. Jim Bunning and Ohio Sen. George Voinovich . Two Democrats will not run in 2010 : Illinois Sen. Roland Burris and Delaware Sen. Ted Kaufman . Republicans must defend 19 seats next year , and Democrats must protect 18 . CNN 's Rick DiBella , Mark Preston and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Florida senator says there is no "  impending reason " behind decision NEW : He has no plans to run for another office , he says He announced in December that he would not seek re-election Florida governor has said he will seek the seat
CNN  -- When the Democratic National Committee meets Saturday on the thorny issue of seating the Florida and Michigan delegations at its August convention , party officials will have to fashion a solution that satisfies supporters of Sen. Hillary Clinton and presidential nominee front-runner Sen. Barack Obama . Sen. Barack Obama showed he was willing to use bare-knuckle tactics during his first race in Chicago . It may take a Solomon-like decision to appease both candidates . Clinton has argued that the primary results of two of the nation 's largest states should count because , otherwise , millions of voters are being disenfranchised . Obama has said he is willing to work out some compromise . But he is insistent that the primary results are invalid because the two states failed to follow party rules and that the rules are the rules . The DNC has not seated the Florida and Michigan delegates because the two states violated party edicts in holding their primaries early . Although neither candidate campaigned in the two states , Clinton won about 50 percent of the Florida vote , compared with 33 percent for Obama . She won 55 percent of the vote in Michigan , where Obama 's name was not on the ballot . In his first race for office , seeking a state Senate seat on Chicago 's gritty South Side in 1996 , Obama effectively used election rules to eliminate his Democratic competition . As a community organizer , he had helped register thousands of voters . But when it came time to run for office , he employed Chicago rules to invalidate the voting petition signatures of three of his challengers . The move denied each of them , including incumbent Alice Palmer , a longtime Chicago activist , a place on the ballot . It cleared the way for Obama to run unopposed on the Democratic ticket in a heavily Democrat district . "  That was Chicago politics , " said John Kass , a veteran Chicago Tribune columnist . "  Knock out your opposition , challenge their petitions , destroy your enemy , right ? It is how Barack Obama destroyed his enemies back in 1996 that conflicts with his message today . He may have gotten his start registering thousands of voters . But in that first race , he made sure voters had just one choice . " Watch how Obama shut out challengers in his first race " Obama 's challenge was perfectly legal , said Jay Stewart of the Chicago 's Better Government Association . Although records of the challenges are no longer on file for review with the election board , Stewart said Obama is not the only politician to resort to petition challenges to eliminate the competition . "  He came from Chicago politics , " Stewart said . "  Politics ai n't beanbag , as they say in Chicago . You play with your elbows up , and you 're pretty tough and ruthless when you have to be . Sen. Obama felt that 's what was necessary at the time , that 's what he did . Does it fit in with the rhetoric now ? Perhaps not . " The Obama campaign called this report "  a hit job . " It insisted that CNN talk to a state representative who supports Obama , because , according to an Obama spokesman , she would be objective . But when we called her , she said she ca n't recall details of petition challenges , who engineered them for the Obama campaign or why all the candidates were challenged . But Will Burns does . Now running himself for a seat in the Illinois legislature , Burns was a young Obama volunteer during the presidential candidate 's first race . Burns was one of the contingents of volunteers and lawyers who had the tedious task of going over each and every petition submitted by the other candidates , including those of Alice Palmer . "  The rules are there for a reason , " Burns said . He said that challenging petitions is a smart way to avoid having to run a full-blown expensive race . "  One of the first things you do whenever you 're in the middle of a primary race , especially in primaries in Chicago , because if you do n't have signatures to get on the ballot , you save yourself a lot of time and effort from having to raise money and have a full-blown campaign effort against an incumbent , " Burns said . Burns said he believed that Obama did not enjoy using the tactic to knock off Palmer . "  It was not something he particularly relished , " Burns said . "  It was not something that I thought he was happy about doing . " Watch Burns describe how Obama used the rules to his advantage " But Obama did it anyway , clearing the field of any real competition . Obama 's staff would not comment on what the senator thinks about that petition challenge now . Instead , they referred CNN to this 2007 comment made by Obama to the Chicago Tribune . "  To my mind , we were just abiding by the rules that had been set up , " the senator is quoted as saying in the Tribune . "  My conclusion was that if you could n't run a successful petition drive , then that raised questions in terms of how effective a representative you were going to be . " But in that same newspaper story , Obama praised Palmer . "  I thought she was a good public servant , " he said . Palmer , who has campaigned for Clinton , told CNN that she did not want to be part of this story . Obama supporters claim that Palmer has only herself to blame because she indicated she would not run for the 1996 state Senate and instead aimed for Congress . After losing in that bid , she returned to running for the state Senate seat , a move Obama supporters claim amounted to reneging on a promise not to run . But Palmer supporters , who did not want to be identified , said that she never anointed Obama as her successor and that the retelling of the story by Obama supporters is designed to distract from the fact he muscled his way into office . One other opponent who Obama eliminated by challenging his petitions , Gha-is Askia , said he has no hard feelings today about the challenge and supports Obama 's presidential aspirations . But back at the time he was running for state Senate , Askia said , he was dismayed Obama would use such tactics . "  It was n't honorable , " he said . "  I would n't have done it . " He said the Obama team challenged every single one of his petitions on "  technicalities . " If names were printed instead of signed in cursive writing , they were declared invalid . If signatures were good but the person gathering the signatures was n't properly registered , those petitions also were thrown out . Askia came up 69 signatures short of the required number to be on the ballot . Kass , the Chicago Tribune columnist , said the national media are naive when it comes to Chicago politics , which is a serious business . He said they have bought into a narrative that Obama is strictly a reformer . The truth , Kass says , is that he is a bare-knuckled politician . And using the rules to win his first office is part of who Obama is . "  It 's not the tactics of ` let 's all people come together and put your best ideas forward and the best ideas win , ' " Kass said . "  That 's the spin ; that 's in the Kool-Aid . You can have some . Any flavor . But the real deal was , get rid of Alice Palmer . "  There are those who think that registering people to vote and getting them involved in politics and then using this tactic in terms of denying Alice Palmer the right to compete , that these things are inconsistent . And guess what ? They are . They are inconsistent . But that 's the politics he plays . " And this weekend , DNC delegates will have to decide what kind of rules it will invoke in helping choose its next candidate .	Sen. Barack Obama used the rule book to win first race for Illinois state Senate Democrat challenged opponents ' petitions and forced them off the ballot Opponent says Obama 's move "  was n't honorable "
CNN  -- At 31 , Sean Parker has a lot more going for him than Justin Timberlake . As the co-founder of music-sharing service Napster and the former president of Facebook , he 's an Internet pioneer . He 's a billionaire . And he throws a hell of a party . Last week , during Facebook 's f8 conference in San Francisco , Parker transformed an empty warehouse into one big VIP room , complete with a lavish buffet and celebrity guests . Despite having only two days to plan the event , he somehow managed to get Snoop Dogg , the Killers and Jane 's Addiction to perform for a few hundred invited guests . Estimates put the party tab at $ 1 million or more . The purpose of the shindig was to celebrate the U.S. arrival of Spotify , the music-streaming service in which Parker is a major investor . Spotify also is partnering with Facebook to let users play and share music within the social network . The event featured an onstage chat between Parker and Spotify CEO Daniel Ek . Beside every chair in the media 's seating section sat a bottle of high-end tequila . Of the hundreds of media events I 've attended over the years , this is the first time I 've seen that . Not in attendance was Timberlake , the singer-turned-actor who portrayed Parker as a backstabbing opportunist in last year 's "  The Social Network . " In past interviews , Parker has called the movie "  a complete work of fiction . " After the Killers played , I sat down with Parker for a few minutes in a private area upstairs . The first thing we talked about was Napster . I mentioned that I would never forget that feeling of downloading free music , that it felt like you had won one of those contests where you could fill up your shopping cart for free . "  I still hear that a lot , " he told me . Here are a few excerpts from our talk , edited for clarity : On his affinity with Napster co-founder Shawn Fanning : "  Fanning and I immediately realized that we had an interest in more than just computers and software and hacking and security , that we actually had an interest in doing something with a broader cultural importance . One of those ideas was Napster . " On being a billionaire "  I definitely wanted to earn my freedom . But the primary motivation was n't making money , but making an impact . I think the perception of wealth and power is that things just become easier and easier when in reality as you raise the stakes things become more stressful . You just keep pushing yourself harder and harder to achieve more and more -- I do n't think it 's ever quite as glamorous as it appears on the outside . " On Apple 's Steve Jobs "  Steve is one the greatest business artists in history and has had more impact through his product design in Apple than any other CEO . " On Timberlake 's unflattering depiction of him "  It 's a blessing and a curse in the sense it definitely raised my profile somewhat -- that character in the film played by Justin Timberlake represents a set of values that I just do n't agree with . It 's difficult watching a character using your name and interacting with people -LSB- while -RSB- supposedly -LSB- doing -RSB- a portrayal of you . " On his business role "  Early on I wanted to run a company , but I quickly realized there was this other model available . Maybe I 'm blazing a new path with this model because you do n't typically see this . You see investors who have portfolio companies but are n't very active , or entrepreneurs who typically run one company for their entire life , or occasionally , serial entrepreneurs who do a series of small companies . But they typically run them for a fairly long period of time . I 've been doing a hybrid of investing and entrepreneurship , which I think initially I was n't set out to do . But I realized it fit my personality . "	Sean Parker throws $ 1 million party to celebrate arrival of Spotify Parker says primary motivation for business is n't becoming a millionaire "  Steve -LSB- Jobs -RSB- is one the greatest business artists in history , " Parker says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A post-9 / 11 law that sets federal standards for state driver 's licenses and identification cards is under fire from the head of the agency enforcing that law , the Department of Homeland Security . Homeland Security chief Janet Napolitano , here last week in San Pedro , California , wants to replace the Real ID . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano this week said she is working with governors to repeal the Real ID Act , which was passed in 2005 and went into effect last year . The bill is popular in Washington , but is scorned by many governors who bear the responsibility and cost of validating that holders of driver 's licenses are citizens or legal residents of the United States . Napolitano , former governor of Arizona , said she has met with governors of both parties recently "  to look at a way to repeal Real ID . " She said she wants to substitute the federal law with "  something else that pivots off of the driver 's license but accomplishes some of the same goals . And we hope to be able to announce something on that fairly soon . " Napolitano made her remarks Tuesday in response to a question at a conference of the Anti-Defamation League . On Wednesday , Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , a sponsor of the law , said he was "  angered " by Napolitano 's comments . "  Real ID is a necessary program for keeping America safe . It is the will of Congress and also a recommendation of the 9/11 Commission , " Sensenbrenner said . "  When the Democrats took over the majority in the 110th Congress , they said they wanted to implement all of the 9/11 Commission recommendations . I am highly disappointed that they are going back on their word by repealing this important recommendation , and substituting it with a weaker , less safe program that provides terrorists with too many avenues to attack . " While Napolitano is looking for ways to repeal Real ID , her department 's Web site continues to espouse the law 's merits . "  Raising the standards of state-issued identification is an important step toward enhancing national security , " the Web site says . "  Because a driver 's license serves so many purposes -LSB- access to federal buildings , nuclear power plants , boarding aircraft , etc. -RSB- , terrorists actively seek fraudulent state-issued identification . The Real ID rules will make it more difficult for them , while making it easier for law enforcement to detect falsified documents , " it says . The law , which requires all states to enforce specific identification requirements for driver 's licenses and identification cards , went into effect last year , but the federal government has given states until the end of this year to implement it . States can get extensions until May 2011 for implementation if they meet certain benchmarks .	Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano says she 's meeting with governors Agency chief says a substitute is needed that accomplishes "  same goals " Republican sponsor of law says Real ID is necessary "  for keeping America safe "
CNN  -- The beating of a gay man during a gay pride festival in Detroit over the weekend was caught on camera . Christin Howard , a 20-year-old hair dresser , was attacked by a group of men on Detroit 's Riverwalk during the Motor City Pride event on Sunday . A video shot by a bystander shows the group kicking and punching Howard . Christin told CNN affiliate WXYZ he was taking a picture with a friend when things suddenly turned violent . A group of men began to "  gay bash " him , he said , hurling anti-gay slurs his way . Then they started to physically attack him . "  I just thought I was going to die . At one point I thought they were going to kill me , " Howard said . The attack left Howard bruised with a bloody eye , cuts and a broken finger , leaving him unable to sleep or work . David Wait , chair of Motor City Pride , called the incident troubling , adding that he 'd noticed "  record attendance on Sunday and we took steps to increase security . " Wait praised police for their "  swift efforts " at investigating the crime . Other advocates for the LGBT community in Michigan say this attack means there is more work to do . "  No one should have to endure an attack like Christin Howard did ... pride celebrations offer people in our communities an opportunity to feel safe in expressing our authentic selves , " said Yvnoone Siferd , director of victim services for Equality Michigan . As for Howard , he is on the fence about returning to the festival next year . "  I 'm kind of iffy about it now , because I do n't want that same incident to happen again , " he said . "  What if the same guys  are  down there ? " The Detroit Police Department is investigating and calls the attack a hate crime . "  We know about the video . We are seeking public assistance in identifying people in the video , " said Nicole Kirkwood , a public information officer for the Detroit Police Department .	Video captures beating of 20-year-old man at Detroit gay pride festival Group of men kicked and punched man when he was taking pictures with a friend Detroit police are characterizing the attack as a hate crime
CNN  -- The national conversation over Trayvon Martin 's killing is loud and intense . In some places , it 's also vile and violent . The case -- in which a Hispanic neighborhood watch volunteer killed the unarmed black teen in Sanford , Florida , on February 26 -- has sparked a national controversy . It has also stoked extremist views , particularly on the Internet , experts say . George Zimmerman said he shot Martin in self-defense after the teen attacked him . Martin 's family has disputed that . Investigators have not charged Zimmerman . The Southern Poverty Law Center , the civil rights group that fights bigotry , saidÂ the case has stirred up "  extremists on both sides of the racial divide . " A visitor to the website of one white supremacist group , for example , left a comment calling Martin "  a punk negroe who messed with the wrong guy . " Meanwhile , the New Black Panther Party has offered a $ 10,000 reward for anyone who "  captures " Zimmerman , an offer that Martin 's family has condemned . The Institute for Research & Education on Human Rights , which fights bigotry , said that "  white nationalists are trying to inject their poison " into the case , too , portraying the teen as a "  scary black man who deserved what he got . " "  They have defamed Martin , concocted false allegations and amplified racial stereotypes of young black men -- in effect , putting the victim on trial in the court of public opinion , " the group said . Mark Potok , an expert on extremists for the Southern Poverty Law Center , says white supremacist attitudes often emerge during such hot-button controversies . "  You see this every time there really is something like this , " an attempt to portray victims as perpetrators and this slain 17-year-old as a "  gangster thug , " he said . The incident has created a "  mob mentality , " according to a commentary from William Bennett , a CNN contributor who served as secretary of education under President Reagan . "  The facts are confounding and inconclusive . But the tendency in the first days by some , including Al Sharpton , Jesse Jackson and an angry chorus of followers , was to rush to judgment with little regard for fairness , due process , or respect for the terrible death of a young man , " Bennett said . He noted that film director Spike Lee tweeted what he thought was Zimmerman 's home address . It turned out to be the wrong address , though , and it "  resulted in an older couple fleeing from their home and fearing for their lives after threats and crowds outside their residence . " Lee apologized to the couple and said he would pay the couple 's cost of leaving their home . Lester Spence , an assistant professor of political science at Johns Hopkins University , said he 's not surprised to hear about hate speech sprouting up . He said the Internet intensifies it . "  As soon as something like this happens , bloggers focus on it . People that follow them share that content , " he said . He said the hate shows up in comments under stories and essays on the Web -- comments that almost always are n't signed by the writers . "  People will say what they want to say under the cover of anonymity , " he said . "  Go to almost any website that deals with this issue , " Spence said . If there are no filters , the hate pours through , he said . Kelly McBride , senior faculty member for ethics at Poynter Institute , a nonprofit school for journalists in St. Petersburg , Florida , said she is n't surprised that extremist talk has emerged in this case . "  There have always been people who believe racist things and those people have existed on a continuum , " she said . Hate speech involving immigration and sexual orientation also ripples across the Web . People who do n't pay "  super close attention to these issues may not notice the hate speech on a regular basis , " she said . "  The Internet affords people anonymity and insulation , " she said . Potok said the Martin case reminds him of what happened with Shirley Sherrod , the black Agriculture Department employee who was engulfed in controversy two years ago . Late blogger Andrew Breitbart posted an edited and incomplete video of a speech by Sherrod , making her appear to say she discriminated against a white farmer looking for assistance . Sherrod resigned . A full version of the speech , however , showed that Sherrod had assisted the farmer . The department later offered Sherrod her job back when it was clear she had been misrepresented . Potok noted that she was briefly portrayed as anti-white and was briefly demonized . He compared the slams at Sherrod to the doubt cast on Martin 's character .	"  Extremists on both sides " are stirred up , the Southern Poverty Law Center says The New Black Panther Party offers a reward for George Zimmerman 's capture One group says "  white nationalists are trying to inject their poison " into the case Anonymous Internet comments fan the flames , experts say
CNN  -- European Union finance ministers on Sunday agreed on an 85 billion euro  U.S. $ 113 billion  bailout package for Ireland . The announcement comes a day after protesters snarled the streets of Dublin . Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen requested the loan last Sunday after days of insisting Ireland did not need help . The three-year , joint IMF and euro-zone loan was offered as a way to stabilize financial markets in the region . The loan is to be used to immediately strengthen Ireland 's banking system , and to allow the country to undertake ambitious fiscal adjustment , including deficit reduction , said Jean-Claude Juncker , chairman of the Eurogroup said . Another condition of the loan is that Ireland tackle labor reform , he said . Of the 85 billion euros , 10 billion will be made available for immediate recapitalization . Another 25 billion will be destined for banking system support , and the remaining 50 billion for the country 's budget needs . "  The Irish authorities have today proposed a clear and realistic package of policies to restore Ireland 's banking system to health and put its public finances on a sound footing , " said Dominique Strauss-Kahn , managing director of the IMF . "  Immediate actions to tackle vulnerabilities in the banks and the continued strong fiscal adjustment are set in a multi-year policy framework for sustained growth and job creation . " The approved bailout package will leave Ireland with a smaller , but more robust and better capitalized banking system , he added . The IMF will contribute 22.5 billion euros of the loan amount , a proposal expected to be approved by the fund in December . Another 45 billion euros will come from the European Union and bilateral European lenders , and the final 17.5 billion euros will come from the Irish themselves , via their cash reserves and other liquid assets . The Eurogroup also addressed the need for a mechanism to help out member countries in distress . On Sunday , the leaders said that last month they agreed on a European Financial Stabilization Mechanism that will be set up to aid countries in need , together with the IMF . "  The recent events have demonstrated that financial distress in one member state can rapidly threaten macro-financial stability of the EU as a whole through various contagion channels , " the Eurogroup said in a statement . Irish government representatives had met Saturday night and were briefed on the negotiation ahead of the announcement , according to an Irish government statement . "  We 're trying hard to find a solution and I hope tomorrow the financial markets will understand and see that the euro is a safe and stable currency now and for the future , " German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schauble said as the finance ministers arrived to discuss the bailout . British Finance Minister George Osborne said that it is in Britain 's and the entire region 's interest to achieve economic stability in Ireland because of trade in the eurozone . "  I think we 're going to make some very good progress today , " he said . Cowen announced austerity measures during the week as the Irish government reels from the cost of saving its banks . The moves are unpopular in the country , and Cowen 's party lost an election Thursday for a parliamentary seat . An estimated 50,000 people demonstrated against austerity in Dublin on Saturday . The protests were organized by the Irish Congress of Trade Unions  ICTU  , which has called the four-year plan for spending cuts and tax hikes "  savage and regressive . " Families , retired people , the unemployed and members of unions and community groups were among the demonstrators who braved a rare dusting of snow to come out Saturday , the ICTU said . Cowen announced the budget-cutting plan this week after agreeing to a bailout package from the International Monetary Fund and European Union , needed to tackle Ireland 's massive debt . The plan saves 10 billion euros  $ 13.4 billion  through welfare cuts and an additional 5 billion euros  $ 6.7 billion  through higher taxes . There will be reductions in the minimum wage and public-sector pay , and a hike in the value-added tax on goods and services , Cowen said . The plan calls for introducing water meters , making students pay more for higher education , and requiring more Irish workers to pay income tax . Trade unions complain the plan unfairly targets lower-paid workers , while making no provision for a tax on asset wealth . They say it fails to explain how the Irish people can carry the banks ' massive debts and sets out no strategy for creating jobs . "  People are angry and they 've had enough of this government , " local journalist Juliette Gash told CNN . "  They 're furious because they feel like the government has handed over the keys to the country . " Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	European finance ministers announce 85 billion euro bailout Ireland is slashing government spending after bailing out banks 50,000 people demonstrate against Irish austerity plans , police estimate
CNN  -- During his trip to northwest Syria in late April , Ole Solvang talked to dozens of people who told him gut-wrenching stories . When the Human Rights Watch interviewer and his colleagues returned home , they titled their report "  They burned my heart : War crimes in Northern Idlib during peace plan negotiations . " "  Those words were chosen because what we saw and heard evidence of were systematic executions and torture -- war crimes -- by the Syrian government forces , " he said . "  It 's been frustrating to record these stories and then hear more negotiating , " said Solvang , who describes in a video what he saw . "  I think it 's clear that there are attempts to undermine the peace plan . " This week , a bomb exploded near a United Nations convoy of workers tasked with monitoring whether a peace plan is working . On Thursday , two car bombs also exploded outside a key government intelligence compound in Damascus . For much of the 14-month uprising , the capital city , home to many al-Assad supporters , has been largely untouched by the violence . Thursday 's explosions , which killed more than 50 people , are believed to mark a major point in the conflict . More violence came Friday , according to an opposition group . Five people in Homs and Hama were killed by government forces : Three were shot by snipers , and two were tortured to death , a spokesperson said . The architect of the peace plan , Kofi Annan , the United Nations special envoy to Syria , has said that he is now weighing an invitation to meet with al-Assad . Al-Assad 's government faults "  terrorists , " the term it uses to describe the opposition and rationalize security forces ' crackdown . His regime has banned foreign journalists , and several of those who 've attempted to report on what 's happening in Syria have been injured or killed . Solvang and his team knew the risk they took in entering Syria . They avoided checkpoints and kept a low profile . They visited homes in the province of Idlib and say they hundreds of ruined homes in various towns , many probably from systemic house-by-house arson attacks . Many of the male opposition fighters who once lived in the area 's towns have fled , Solvang said . Many women , children and the elderly remain , yet they are being targeted with equal brutality , he said . Several of the 65 witnesses and victims who talked to Human Rights Watch were mothers or wives . They say government forces broke into their homes and executed their families . Three of the victims were children . At 33 , Solvang is already an experienced conflict documentarian , interviewing victims of violence in Russia , the North Caucasus and Sri Lanka . He has focused on Syria since the anti-Assad movement exploded in March 2011 . But still , he can not get one mother out of his head . "  She was telling me how the government forces had detained her son and how she had tried to be nice and quiet and cooperative , hoping they would release him , " Solvang said . "  But as soon as the soldiers left , they told her , ` You have to forget your son . ' " Three days later , the woman found her son 's body , riddled with signs of torture , in a village cemetery . "  The courage she had despite  what she went through  and the way she described how she found his body afterward , that made quite a great impact on me , " he said . Solvang says another mother suffered similarly . The woman recalled how her three sons -- all in their early 20s -- were awakened in the middle of the night by fighters in uniform who identified themselves as "  Bashar 's men . " The fighters demanded to know why the sons owned a pants of a style seen worn at demonstrations . The mother desperately tried to explain that the pants were common , that they were the only style available at the town market . The fighters , she said , ransacked the house and forced the sons outside . The mother ran after them , but the "  soldiers pushed me back inside , " she said . She describes what happened : "  About an hour later , a neighbor came in and said there was a fire nearby , that the army set some cars and a motorcycle on fire , and the neighbors needed more water . My daughters and I went out with buckets , and then my daughters , who were in front , ran to me , saying that my sons were there as well . "  After we extinguished the fire , we found their bodies . Bilal was shot in the middle of his forehead , Yousef behind his ear , and Talal was shot by two bullets , in the head and in the back . " The mother told Human Rights Watch , "  I just wish I were killed and I did n't have to see that . " Several of the victims of summary executions were teenagers ; three were children , and several were older than 60 , the group documented . Though Solvang has interviewed victims in numerous conflicts , Syria stands out to him because of the estimated tens of thousands of people who rights workers suspect have been unlawfully detained . "  But it 's really unclear how many . No one really knows for sure , " he said . Also unusual is what he says is Syrian authorities ' widespread , systematic use of certain torture techniques : Electricity is often used . Syrians have also come up with a name for being hogtied ; they call it the "  flying carpet . " Solvang was also struck by people who victims described accompanying their attackers . These people often wear masks and may be locals or people familiar with the victims . One man recalled to Human Rights Watch that while a Syrian official brutalized him , a man with his attacker spouted personal information about him . "  Ask him about his cousin who happens to be a lawyer who is active with the opposition , " the man said . Another section of the report details the execution of 19 boys and men in the village of Taftanaz on April 3 . Human Rights Watch was able to observe bullet marks near several of the alleged killings : all in a row , about 50 to 60 centimeters above the floor , indicating that the victims were probably kneeling when they were shot . Less than a week earlier , in late March , al-Assad announced that he would implement the United Nations peace plan .	Human Rights Watch interviewed Syrians who said families had been executed One woman talked about finding her son 's body , tortured , in a cemetery The group interviewed 65 witnesses and victims in late April Interviewer said what he heard and saw constitutes war crimes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A birthday "  cake " made of ice , beets , apples and pears ? It might not sound appetizing , but it was a special treat Thursday for Tai Shan , the Smithsonian National Zoo 's giant panda . Giant panda Tai Shan digs into his special birthday cake of ice , beets , apples and pears . A huge group of fans watched as the popular panda celebrated his fourth birthday with the three-tier cake . They cheered him on as he inched closer to the treat , and one woman yelled "  Atta boy Tai Shan ! " when he finally started eating the apple pieces on the cake 's lowest tier . She cheered the panda on for eating his "  cake " the same way a mom might cheer on her son at a soccer game or dad might cheer his daughter playing basketball . Zoo curator Lisa Stevens said people react that way because of how pandas resemble children . "  They share many features of infants and toddlers . They have high foreheads , big eye spots , and they can sit up straight and grip and eat their food , " Stevens said . Pandas are also known to give hope to the downtrodden , according to one loyal Tai Shan fan who called herself "  Sandy . " During her battle against a medical condition that caused her to be unable to walk , she said that frequent visits to the zoo to see Tai Shan gave her the strength she needed to persevere through the pain . "  I could barely stand an hour to see him , now I could stand all day to watch him . I pushed myself for him ... he 's done so much for me and for people all over the world , " she said . Tai Shan was born at the zoo and has had his entire life documented on a Web cam for the whole world to see . Fans may have little time left to enjoy Tai Shan , as the zoo 's contract with the China Wildlife Conservation Association to keep him is set to expire later this year . The zoo is negotiating with the conservation association to keep Tai Shan a few months longer .	Tai Shan was born at the Smithsonian National Zoo Birthday boy gets a special cake made of ice , beets , apples and pears Zoo curator says pandas are popular because they resemble young children Though born in U.S. , Tai Shan due to be sent to China later this year
CNN  -- As the summer ocean waves wash up onto America 's beaches , we find ourselves thinking , nervously , about Steven Spielberg 's "  Jaws " and the paralyzing fear that sharks inspire in us . Yet , paradoxically , we celebrate global attempts to protect the declining number of sharks . The world has figured out we need these species , along with all creatures of the Earth , to maintain a delicately balanced ecosystem . Sharks , in particular , are "  in " these days . Thanks to good public policy and the power of public education and multimedia campaigns featuring stars such as Yao Ming , Jackie Chan and Ang Lee , killing sharks for shark fin soup is no longer cool . The demand has been rising for decades , threatening sharks with extinction -- up to 100 million sharks are killed each year just for their fins . But we have started to reverse the trend , particularly in affluent areas of the U.S. and overseas where restaurants once proudly displayed shark fin delicacies on the menu . In California , and other states , a ban on the sale and possession of shark fin soup has gone into effect this year after aggressive marketing campaigns by WildAid and other organizations . Overseas , marketing and public diplomacy efforts featuring posters on public transportation systems and TV ads have been underway for the past few years . These efforts all show signs of success , on both the supply side and the demand side of trade in shark fins . Hong Kong 's Census and Statistics Department tracked 3,100 metric tons of shark fin being imported from the island to China last year , but this year 's numbers are way down . Stopping the killing of sharks is part of a broader movement to stop the killing of wild animals and the trafficking of wildlife products around the world -- products that come from poaching elephants , tigers and rhinos , in addition to killing marine life . Opinion : Elephant slaughter surges as ivory funds terror In November , former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for a global strategy to protect wildlife , raising the level of urgency to a growing national security threat . For example , the poaching of elephants in search of ivory tusks for luxury goods had became a full-scale war between poachers , who are sometimes terrorists , and governments in parts of Africa . Illegal shipments of tusks across porous borders bring in the prizes of money and weapons . Once a marginalized issue of U.S. foreign policy , Clinton and current Secretary of State John Kerry have placed wildlife trafficking at the top of the agenda , given its wide tentacles to Africa , Asia , Russia , Indonesia and consumers in almost every country . According to National Geographic , which has been tracking elephant poaching , the financial losses place the issue on the scale of global drugs and crime , with an estimated 30,000 African elephants being killed for their tusks last year -- a rate of slaughter , say wildlife experts , that could drive the animals to extinction within the century . The dwindling of African elephant populations is alarming . Much of the ivory is destined for China to make chopsticks and jewelry , and the Far East , where it can fetch upward of $ 1,300 a pound . Whether it is shark fin soup or ivory piano keys , killing animals is big business . Together with international partners , conservation groups , nonprofits and businesses , the United States is leading the worldwide effort to reduce demand for high-end jewelry , herbal medicines , skins , foods and other products that rely on killing animals and marine life . Working with governments through existing protocols and conventions , the U.S. is convening stakeholders to pressure those who provide sanctuary for the poachers or allow parts and goods to make their way out of countries to market . Public diplomacy and public education , together with sound policy , give us a model for success . Using Facebook , Twitter , public service advertisements , the media , celebrity interviews , videos and classroom teaching , we can martial the forces to convince consumers that buying products that come from slaughtered elephants or harpooned sharks is simply wrong and dangerous . And we can track the results of wildlife trafficking and punish the offenders . This is one of those rare international tales of where the public and private sector , along with Hollywood , can create a very different kind of movie . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tara Sonenshine .	Tara Sonenshine : As China gets richer , demand for shark skin soup rising International campaigns and help from U.S. have slowed the demand for the soup , she says She says saving sharks is part of a movement helping elephants , rhinos , other animals
CNN  -- Air Asia , in its current incarnation as a low fare , no frills concept launched in December 2001 . Today the airline flies to over 48 destinations in Malaysia , Thailand , Indonesia , Macau , China , Philippines , Cambodia , Vietnam and Myanmar , and has formed two successful joint ventures -- in Thailand through Thai Air asia , and Indonesia through Indonesia Air asia . When it started the operator had just two planes , but now it has expanded its fleet to 28 . To date the Air asia group , has carried over 35 million guests . In August 2003 , Air asia became the first airline in the world to introduce SMS booking where guests can book their seats , check flight schedules and obtain latest updates on Air asia promotions from the convenience of their mobile phones . In Jan 2004 , Air asia carved a milestone in the history of Asian aviation when the low fare airline formed a partnership with Shin Corporation in Thailand to develop a low fare carrier in Thailand . In July 2004 , the low fare airline commenced service to the Special Administrative Region  SAR  of Macau , by introducing a flight via is Thai operations from Bangkok . In April 2005 , the Air asia Group became the first low fare , no frills airline to commence services between Bangkok and Xiamen , in China , and Clark  the Philippines  from Kuala Lumpur and Kota Kinabalu . In line with its growth and expansion plans , Air asia has secured a 130 aircraft commitment with Airbus for its A320s  100 firm , 30 options  . The 130 aircraft order will place Air asia as the single largest customer for the aircraft in Asia-Pacific , and potentially one of the largest airline fleets in the region . The new aircraft would gradually replaced Air asia 's existing Boeing 737-300s . . E-mail to a friend	Air asia launched as a low fare , no frills airline in 2001 Its fleet has expanded from two , when it began , to 28 AiAir asiaas the first airline to introduce SMS booking
CNN Student News  -- October 16 , 2014 Economics , epidemiology , meteorology , and genealogy are all part of this Thursday 's show . We cover elements of fear , from how it 's driving stock prices down to how it 's outpacing the spread of the Ebola virus . We cover California 's drought , from how it 's impacting farmers to how people are coping with water limits . And we trace the roots of a CNN anchor . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
President Barack Obama may have a phone and pen , but outgoing Gov. Rick Perry of Texas says he has the grounds for a lawsuit if he uses either . Speaking at the Republican Governors Association annual meeting in Boca Raton , Florida , on Wednesday , Perry said "  there 's probably a very real possibility " that Texas could sue the White House if the administration takes executive action on immigration . "  I 'll speak from our perspective in the state of Texas , " Perry said . "  The cost to the people of the state of Texas is an extraordinary amount of money that this President is exacerbating with his announcement that he 's going to allow for this executive order . " The President is expected to announce his executive action plan Thursday in a prime time address . Sources familiar with the plan tell CNN that the plan includes deferring deportation for the parents of U.S. citizens , a move that would affect up to 3.5 million people . Perry will serve as until January , after which Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , also a Republican , will assume the governorship . Perry says that lawsuit would be in good hands with Abbott . "  When he  Abbott  was asked , what do you do  as attorney general for the past six years  ? He said , ' I go to the office . I sue Obama , and I go home . ' " Asked whether he believed Texas will have the standing to challenge the implementation of the executive order , Perry answered , "  I do . " Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , another potential 2016 contender , also said that he would also consider legal action against the administration . "  I would n't push a shutdown , " Walker said , sitting next to Perry on stage . "  I would go to the courts because I think there 's a pretty compelling argument . " "  I think you would be hard-pressed to find anybody -- other than a partisan Democrat -- who would n't say this is illegal . " This is not the first time the former White House contender has backed a lawsuit against the administration . In 2012 , Perry publicly supported a suit against the White House over the issue of contraception . Chris Christie hedges on Obama immigration plan	Gov. Rick Perry says Texas might sue over executive action on immigration Perry says he thinks his state has the legal grounds to move forward with a lawsuit This is not the first time Perry has backed a lawsuit against the administration
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It was an odd collection of vehicles on display on Capitol Hill , ranging from a bucket truck used for repairing power lines to something resembling an enclosed golf cart to a pair of hot-looking , two-seater sports cars . Lawmakers eyeball one of several alternative-energy vehicles parked this week on Capitol Hill . What they had in common was alternative energy : The cars run on electricity and biofuels as well as gasoline . Tuesday 's display attracted some U.S. senators who could n't resist taking the vehicles for a spin . "  I 'm about to have claustrophobia ! " laughed Sen. Thomas Carper , D-Delaware , as he folded himself into a yellow , low-slung vehicle known by the initials ENVI , developed by the Chrysler Corporation . "  Evan Bayh -LSB- Democratic senator from Indiana -RSB- and I were talking about taking a road trip in the van down there , " said Carper , pointing to a nearby offering from General Motors . "  That 's probably better for a road trip than this ! " Carper then spotted Democratic colleague Tom Harkin , and joked that the sports car might draw too much attention in the Iowa senator 's corn country . Undeterred , Harkin climbed in next and asked to take a test drive . But instead of starting with a growling engine and a roar of exhaust , the little yellow coupe simply rolled quietly out of its parking space . It is an electric vehicle . The display , titled "  The Energy and Environmental Showcase , " was intended to demonstrate for lawmakers actual production models of vehicles that may cut the nation 's reliance on petroleum-based fuels . An unusual aspect of the show was that traditional Detroit nameplates such as General Motors sat next to competitors from other countries . The event was organized by Bright Automotive , a small carmaker from Anderson , Indiana , to showcase its IDEA , a new , 100-mpg plug-in hybrid electric vehicle that it hopes to market for government and commercial fleets . In a statement , the company said it has applied for funding through the federal Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Loan Program . Other manufacturers took advantage of the opportunity to bring their own vehicles to the public display , in a parking lot near the Russell Senate Office Building . During the Bush administration , Japanese automakers complained they were n't invited to a similar demonstration near the Treasury Department , despite having brought their alternative-energy cars more swiftly to the U.S. market than the Detroit automakers . But neither the competition nor the threat of bankruptcy held back the enthusiasm of a General Motors product spokesman at Tuesday 's display . "  If anything , it 's just a little bit of noise in the background , " said Tony Posawatz , a GM vehicle line director . He told CNN the automaker places high on its recovery agenda the line of Volt electric cars expected to come to market by November 2010 . A silver GM sedan on display nearby uses electric batteries and a self-contained recharging engine powered by a variety of fuels . "  I would like people to stop talking mpg , " Posawatz said , leading a reporter toward a van powered by a hydrogen fuel cell . The Chevy Equinox on display is one of 100 now in private hands . Instead of miles per gallon , the energy plant supplies electricity and a calculation of cruising range while driving . For now , however , drivers might still be impressed by the ZENN , a little car claiming 280 miles per gallon . The car 's cruising range of about 40 miles translates to about 280 miles per gallon , according to the Canadian automaker . "  ZENN " stands for Zero Emission No Noise , said a worker who was buffing away some tree pollen that had settled on the car during the breezy afternoon . The car 's top speed is about that of a strong gust of wind -- 35 mph . "  It 's supposed to be your third car in the driveway , " explained ZENN spokesman Daniel Stiller . "  Most people drive less than 20 miles from home on streets with speed limits of 35 miles per hour or less . " He acknowledged that the car may qualify as street-legal only on local , low-speed roads . But Stiller said the ZENN is a dramatic improvement in both safety and driveability , compared with the golf carts often seen around retirement communities . Among the other alternative energy vehicles on display were cars from Mercedes-Benz , Toyota , Honda and the Smart car company . Another brand shown to lawmakers is named after Nikola Tesla , an inventor who helped develop the practical use of electricity a century ago . Tesla 's system of alternating current eventually displaced Thomas Edison 's use of direct current in the nation 's early power grid . The red , two-seater electric sports car on display might have been a good fit for Tesla , a lifelong bachelor . Carper , the Delaware senator , suggested the two sports cars were classic "  chick magnets . " Tesla spokesman Joe Powers told CNN his company now has about 400 of the sleek , aerodynamic cars in private hands . "  We 've created a viable car , and we came out with this model first to help draw attention to the Tesla brand , " he said . The California-based company also is developing a a sedan that will use the same advanced battery technology as the sports car , which costs about $ 109,000 . "  It will be the kind of car you can take on a trip , and carry four passengers and their luggage , " Powers said . It uses 7,000 lithium-ion cells of the same chemistry now powering cell phones and laptop computers . "  We are working on a battery exchange program that will cut the cost of these vehicles by about $ 35,000 , " Powers said , describing a leasing program where owners can swap a used-up battery back for a new one . Most of the vehicles on display qualify for a new $ 7,500 federal rebate intended to encourage car buyers to consider alternative-energy vehicles . Perhaps the vehicle that caused the most double-takes Tuesday was a bucket truck from the local electric utility company serving the Washington , D.C. , area . The Pepco vehicle , the kind seen repairing downed power lines , runs on biofuels that range from discarded cooking grease to soybean oil . The truck was apparently not for sale , and there were no representatives nearby to answer questions .	An eclectic assortment of alternative-energy vehicles hit Capitol Hill this week The display attracted U.S. senators who could n't resist taking the cars for a spin The event was organized by a carmaker from Indiana to showcase its plug-in hybrid Display included cars from GM , ZENN , Bright Automotive and Smart , among others
CNN  -- I ran my eighth Boston Marathon on Monday , the day the bombs went off . We can not let this terrible tragedy taint this amazing international event or let whoever was behind this evil act win . That 's why I will run it again . Marathoners are tough-minded and can endure discomfort for long periods of time . They enjoy running to push themselves and often run with others and make friends along the way . Some are highly competitive , like me , and enjoy the long , hard journey to get into marathon shape before the race . After all that training , the Boston Marathon is usually a very happy day that results in a joyous sense of accomplishment . But today , most runners are probably feeling as I do : disgusted , saddened , angry and depressed . The race feels surreal , almost as if it did n't happen , and as if a whole lot of training and hard work amounted to nothing . I do n't think one participant can walk away from that marathon and feel glad . Most people say they want to forget it because of all the sadness and loss . On the day of the marathon , I had set out to Hopkinton , Massachusetts , where the race begins , to start in the elite women 's field , which begins 30 minutes ahead of the remaining waves . As I was standing on the starting line and looking at the thousands of people around me , I was struck by a terrible and unusual thought : "  Today 's venue would be an opportune time for someone to hurt a lot of people . " It passed , the gun went off , and I was on my way to Boston . This was an especially exciting year because it was the first time my three children , who are 13 , 11 and 10 , came to watch mommy run the Boston race . As I concluded the race , the second master 's finisher and 20th woman overall , I was immediately escorted back to the Fairmont Copley Hotel where my family and I were staying . We were sitting around discussing the race , and the first explosion went off . Then the next . We all looked at each other wondering what that could have been -- with a gut-wrenching feeling , we realized it had to be bad . Sirens were wailing , and the streets were full of commotion . Panicky texts were coming in fast from family and friends , asking if we were all safe , sending information about the two bombs that went off at the finish line . Our TV was turned off : Someone had told me to keep it off to spare the kids the gory details . The hotel went into lockdown for the next five hours , and our fear grew . We could n't help but think of all the people involved , the people who were killed and injured , their families , the volunteers , the first responders , the medical personnel and the runners . We wondered how race director Dave McGillivray was doing . He has the respect of the whole running community for all he has done to make the Boston Marathon so special and memorable for everyone involved . My kids keep saying , "  What kind of an idiot would do something like this ? Who would do this ? What do you think they are feeling about what they did right now ? Are you scared to run the Boston Marathon again , Mommy ? " Runners will continue to participate in the Boston Marathon -- but it may take years for the fear to go away completely . I love running this marathon and will continue to do it . But next time I run down Boylston Street to the finish line , I will think of all the people injured and the ones who lost their lives for nothing . And I think my children have seen their mom run the Boston Marathon for the first and last time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheri Piers	Sheri Piers , a pro runner , ran the Boston Marathon on Monday for her eighth time Piers says we ca n't let this tragedy taint the marathon or let whoever did it win Piers feels no sense of accomplishment ; she says most runners want to forget race Piers will run the Boston race again but will always remember what happened
Kentucky  CNN  -- The Kentucky Derby is , without a doubt , America 's most iconic horse racing event . England has Royal Ascot , and Australians flock to the Melbourne Cup , but few meetings capture the spirit of a nation quite like the "  Run for the Roses . " So named for the garland of roses that is draped over the winner , the Kentucky Derby traces its rich history back to 1875 when Colonel Meriwether Lewis Clark Junior decided to inaugurate a race in his home state of Kentucky . Clark -- grandson of William Clark of the historic 19th century Lewis and Clark transcontinental expedition -- had been influenced by a visit to England 's Epsom Derby . Indeed , the Kentucky Derby was originally run over a distance of 1.5 miles -- the same distance as the Epsom event -- before being shortened to its present 1.25 miles in 1896 . The Kentucky Derby is also the first leg in the venerable Triple Crown , the other two legs being the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes . Considered one of the sternest tests in thoroughbred racing , only 11 horses have ever completed the treble , the most recent of which was Affirmed back in 1978 . Jockey Borel 's Kentucky Derby addiction As the years stretch to decades , the search for that elusive champion capable of following in Affirmed 's footsteps intensifies . A few have come close : in the last decade War Emblem , Funny Cide , Smarty Jones , Afleet Alex and Big Brown have all come within one victory . It 's a far cry from the 1970s , arguably the races ' heyday , when the Triple Crown was won three times -- by Affirmed , Seattle Slew and the great Secretariat . The enormous chestnut affectionately known as "  Big Red " is probably the most famous winner of the Kentucky Derby . Secretariat was the first horse to win the race in under two minutes , and his record of 1:59.40 still stands today . He became a national celebrity , gracing the covers of Time and Newsweek , following his commanding performances in all three races . His 31-length victory in the Belmont Stakes ranks as one of the finest displays of sporting perfection by any athlete -- human or non-human -- in the 20th century . Secretariat 's dominance in 1973 eclipsed the achievements of one of the sleekest , fastest thoroughbreds ever to grace a racetrack . Had he been born in any other year , Sham would have taken his rightful place among the sport 's greats . His sub-two-minute time in defeat to Secretariat is still the second-fastest Kentucky Derby ever run . But while Secretariat has joined the ranks of the immortals , Sham is a mere footnote in history . African-Americans have played an integral role in the history of the Derby ; indeed , the very first race was won by an African-American jockey  Oliver Lewis  and an African-American trainer  Ansel Williamson  . In an era when African-Americans were still barred from participating in most mainstream sports  it would be more than 60 years before Jackie Robinson made his ground-breaking debut for the Brooklyn Dodgers  , African-American jockeys went on to dominate the early years of the Derby , winning 15 of the first 28 races . That very first Derby was won by Aristides in front of an estimated crowd of 10,000 . Nearly 140 years later , more than 100,000 people are expected to flock to Churchill Downs this weekend for a chance to be a part of America 's oldest continuous sporting event . These days , Kentucky shares its Derby with the world . But it remains , in essence , very local in flavor . The hulking Churchill Downs with its famous twin spires is still imposing , but is showing its age . Outside of the Derby and the Oaks  the fillies-only race that takes place the day before the Derby  , most of the racing here is low-grade . Louisville is not a rich town , unlike its well-heeled neighbor Lexington . If the venue feels a little frayed around the edges , that 's because racing here is not a glamorous affair . Once a year , the international racing set descends on Louisville , clogging the skies over the city with private jets . Outrageously-plumed racegoers sip Mint Juleps from air-conditioned boxes while college students on spring break pack the infield . But when the renowned "  fastest two minutes in sport " are up , the carnival will move on and racing will return to the people of Louisville . Kentucky has been the custodian of the world 's most emblematic race for more than 100 years , and will continue to preserve its unique traditions for many years to come . It does n't get more authentic than this .	America 's Kentucky Derby horse race will take place on Saturday Known as the "  Run of the Roses " after the garland of flowers draped over winners It dates back to 1875 , where African-American jockey and trainer won the first race Despite its international standing , the race keeps its unique local flavor
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  The man suspected of killing two people in Copenhagen swore fidelity to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a posting made on what 's apparently his Facebook page just before the weekend shooting spree . The post pledges "  allegiance to Abu Bakr in full obedience in the good and bad things . And I wo n't dispute with him unless it is an outrageous disbelief . " The suspect in Saturday 's attack has been named as Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein , a senior member of the Danish government said . The gunman opened fire at a free speech forum in Copenhagen on Saturday before shooting several people outside a synagogue and then firing at police . Police killed him in the shootout . The nation began the healing process Monday night with a candlelight vigil at which Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt appealed for national unity . Authorities estimated more than 40,000 attended the event . "  An attack on Denmark 's Jews is an attack on everyone , " she said . "  The Jewish community is an important part of Denmark . We will stand together and continue the everyday life we know . We stand together as Danes . " Lars Vilks , a Swedish artist who attended Saturday 's forum , believes he was likely the target of the attack . He escaped unharmed and told CNN on Monday he has gone into hiding . Vilks , known for his controversial depictions of the Prophet Mohammed , is on an al Qaeda hit list . He declined to specify when he first went into hiding and said he is not afraid . Charges have been filed against two men who are accused of helping to hide the gunman , the men 's attorney said Monday . Lawyer Michael Eriksen said the men , 19 and 22 , were charged with two counts of accessory to murder and five counts of accessory to attempted murder . Eriksen told CNN that the two , who pleaded not guilty , have not been charged under Denmark 's anti-terrorism laws . At a news conference earlier Monday , Thorning-Schmidt said that the suspect was linked to a criminal group but at this stage , there are no known ties to a terror cell . However , investigators do not rule out that the attacks might have been inspired by last month 's terror attacks in Paris . Some security experts say the nexus between criminal gangs and violent extremists in Denmark is closer than in other nations . Jihadist activity has a history in Denmark , and more than 100 Danes are believed to have traveled to Syria and Iraq to fight with militants . The carnage started Saturday afternoon when the gunman stormed a Copenhagen cafe where Vilks was attending a free speech forum . Once the attack started , Vilks noticed the gunman had more firepower with his rifle than the nearby officers with handguns . "  He was very well-equipped , and the policemen were not . So he had an advantage , " Vilks told CNN . "  Several of the policemen  were  wounded but still they tried to fire back . " Vilks said his bodyguards hustled him into a safe room . By the end of the melee , the gunman had wounded three officers and killed a 55-year-old man . Police have not identified the deceased , but the Danish Film Institute said he was director Finn Noergaard . Vilks , who has survived two previous attempts on his life , became a target after his 2007 cartoon depicting the prophet with the body of a dog , an animal that conservative Muslims consider unclean . "  It should be possible to insult all religions in a democratic way , " Vilks said after that cartoon published . "  If you insult one  religion  , then you should insult the other ones . " Like Charlie Hebdo editor Stephane "  Charb " Charbonnier , who was killed in the Paris attack , Vilks was one of nine faces on a "  Most Wanted " graphic published by al Qaeda 's Inspire magazine for "  crimes against Islam . " Others include a pair of Danish journalists who published 12 cartoons depicting Mohammed in the Jyllands-Posten newspaper ; Florida pastor Terry Jones , who burned a Quran ; and "  The Satanic Verses " author Salman Rushdie . Vilks told CNN he saw the threat against himself and others as greater now than before . Once you 've been targeted , he said , there 's no going back . "  There is no forgiveness . You are pointed out , and you are bound to die in these peoples ' eyes , and there 's no way out , " Vilks said . Hours after the cafe attack , police said , the gunman made his way to a Copenhagen synagogue and once again opened fire . Two officers were wounded , and a man providing security for a bat mitzvah party behind the synagogue died . The Jewish Society of Denmark identified the deceased as 37-year-old Dan Uzan . He was a member of the Horsholm 79ers basketball club in Copenhagen , club board member Peter Damm said . "  The Jewish Society is in shock about the attack , but everyone 's thoughts are first and foremost with Dan 's family and friends , and with the wounded police officers and their families , " the group said . Mette Bentow and her husband , Claus , were holding the bat mitzvah party for their daughter . She told CNN she feels angry at what happened , but also tremendous gratitude toward Uzan . "  We will remember that we owe our lives to him , and we will try and do our very best to be deserving of that , " she said . Police said they are investigating both shootings as possible terror attacks . Police identified the suspect from surveillance footage that shows him getting into a taxi after one of the attacks , Copenhagen police investigator Jorgen Skov said . "  By interviewing the taxi driver , we got the address where he dropped off the person , " Skov said . "  We have been keeping that address under observation . " He said when officers tried to contact the suspect at the Copenhagen apartment Sunday , the suspect opened fire . Police fired back , killing the gunman . No officers were injured . While police have n't formally released the name of the gunman , they said he is a 22-year-old man born in Denmark . Authorities said he was "  well-known by the police for several criminal incidents , " including weapons violations and violence . Police also said he was "  known in connection to gangs . " Carsten Ellegaard Christensen , a national security reporter at the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten , provided additional clues , citing sources with detailed knowledge of the investigation . Christensen was told the dead gunman was Danish-Arab , living in Copenhagen , and was on the radar of authorities for gang activity , not for suspected Islamist extremism . As far as police know , he had not traveled to Syria or Iraq . The gunman was recently in jail after being convicted of stabbing another young man with a knife several times on a commuter train , Christensen said . The man survived . Authorities are "  operating under a theory " that the gunman may have been inspired by the January terror attacks in France , said Jens Madsen , chief of the Danish Security and Intelligence Service . Seventeen people died in the Paris attacks , which began with an assault on the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . The magazine had published controversial images of the Prophet Mohammed . Why Islam forbids images of Mohammed The Charlie Hebdo attack renewed attention on networks of extremists operating in Europe . Shortly after the events in Paris , police in Belgium conducted a raid where two suspected extremists were killed in a shootout . The ringleader of that group , who is believed to have operated from Greece , remains at large and may have fled to Syria . CNN 's Susanne Gargiulo reported from Copenhagen . CNN 's Holly Yan and Ralph Ellis reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Paul Cruickshank , Karl Penhaul , Catherine E. Shoichet and Kellie Morgan also contributed to this report .	Man identified as Denmark shooter swore fidelity to ISIS leader in Facebook posting "  We stand together as Danes , " Prime Minister says at candlelight vigil
CNN  -- At least 10 people died Saturday after Syrian security forces opened fire on protesters who turned out across the country to mourn dozens of demonstrators slain the day before , eyewitnesses told CNN . The violence erupted in the Damascus suburb of Douma and the southern town of Izraa , where people attended funerals and buried people shot dead during the "  Great Friday " protests . The brazen Friday killings rippled through the Syrian political establishment Saturday when Syrian parliament member , Khalil Al Rifai , announced his resignation in a television interview over the deaths . He said security forces opened fire even though President Bashar al-Assad promised not to use force against protesters . The developments occurred amid growing discontent in Syria with the al-Assad regime , whose tough response to peaceful protests has emboldened the citizenry to take to the streets . Douma is one of the towns where Syrians have staged anti-government demonstrations for weeks . On Saturday , as thousands of people marched from the burial grounds towards the main hospital , security forces on the rooftops of government buildings fired shots , a witness said . "  We were chanting ` with our bloods with our souls we will sacrifice for you martyrs . ' And all of sudden and without warning , they fired indiscriminately into the crowd , " the witness said . The witness said five were killed and others were injured . People fled the violence , but several hundred demonstrators remain in smaller alleyways and side streets awaiting the opportunity to come out and demonstrate again . Activist Wissam Tarif , who is not in Syria but remains in contact with activists across the country , said he was told the forces were firing in the air and at random targets . His contacts told him more than 10,000 protesters took to the streets . Witnesses in Izraa said tens of thousands of people gathered for a funeral procession , when , one witness said , "  suddenly they opened fire on us and it was raining bullets . We were chanting ` peacefully , peacefully ' and they fired at us . " Two people were critically wounded in the assault and medical personnel transported them to a hospital in nearby Daraa , a doctor said . There was a confrontation between security forces and families of the victims . Shots were fired in the air but the security forces left the scene and there were no casualties . Tarif said there were reports of shootings in the city of Homs , but an eyewitness said the city is eerily quiet and many people are too scared to leave their homes . There were burials of slain protesters but the funeral ceremonies were performed quickly and they were sparsely attended as if to not attract attention , the witness said . As for Friday 's killings , they occurred in several flashpoint regions as thousands of Syrian protesters defiantly marched after Muslims ' weekly prayers in a display of mass discontent toward the government . Violence ripped through the Damascus suburbs of Douma , Moademy and Zamalka , and other cities -- Homs , Harasta and Izraa . Firm casualty figures were difficult to come by . The Syrian government does not permit CNN to report from inside the country and CNN bases its figures on reports from witnesses . Tarif said activists have confirmed at least 84 deaths from Friday 's confrontations between protesters and security forces . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said a "  group of people , some of them armed " assaulted guards in Izraa on Friday , leading to the deaths of eight and the wounding of 28 , both from the group and the military . Ted Kattouf , a former U.S. ambassador to Syria , expressed admiration for the demonstrators ' courage , but made no predictions about where it might lead . "  Unfortunately , repression , if used repeatedly , ruthlessly , brutally , can work . We saw that in Iran and , I 'm afraid , we could see it in Syria , " he told CNN 's "  AC 360 . " The demonstrators do not have the critical mass needed to effect regime change , Kattouf said . He noted that massive demonstrations have yet to appear in Damascus or Aleppo , where millions of people reside , most of them Sunni . Al-Assad is Alawite , an offshoot of Shiite Islam . The Alawite sect is a minority in Syria but it has maintained control of the regime for decades . "  There 's a coalition of interests here , and the demonstrations would have to get much , much larger and stretch the capacity of the regime 's security services to the point where some people thought about maybe making their own ways and abandoning Assad . " Amnesty International , which reported at least 75 deaths on Friday , said two boys aged 7 and 10 and a 70-year-old man were killed and urged the regime to stop its attacks on "  peaceful protesters . " "  The Syrian authorities have again responded to peaceful calls for change with bullets and batons , " said Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa director . The protests began last month in the southern city of Daraa after a violent crackdown by security forces on peaceful demonstrators protesting the arrests of youths who scribbled anti-government graffiti . The tough crackdown in Daraa spurred more protest . As peaceful demonstrations spread to other regions , such as Latakia , Banias , and the Damascus suburbs , the protests were met with force that emboldened the protesters ' resolve . The government made some efforts at reform , include the lifting of the country 's emergency law , the abolition of a special court that tried regime opponents , the establishment of a new cabinet , and the granting of citizenship to stateless people in the country 's northeastern Kurdish region . The emergency law permitted the government to make preventive arrests and override constitutional and penal code statutes . The security court was a special body that prosecuted people regarded as challenging the government . But activists think the violent crackdown Friday undermines the lifting of the emergency law . They also have other complaints with the government , such as immunity for its security officers and the incarceration of political prisoners and those arrested for participating in peaceful protests . They want the easing of the ruling Baath Party 's power and a law that would permit the establishment of independent political parties . CNN 's Nada Husseini , Joe Sterling , Salma Abdelaziz and Samira Said contributed to this report	NEW : Witnesses say 10 are killed in Douma and Izraa Homs is eerily quiet but shots have been reported there Syrians turned out to mourn dozens who died Friday
Johannesburg  CNN  -- A stampede on a university campus in Johannesburg Tuesday left one woman dead and several people injured , according to eyewitness reports . The victim was the mother of one of many prospective students who had gathered in the early hours to enroll in the University of Johannesburg , according to the African National Congress Youth League , the youth wing of the governing ANC party . Local media reported that 17 people were also injured . Thousands of young people and their relatives had gathered outside the campus gates hoping to secure some of the last remaining university places or admission slots for students . Some chose to sleep outside overnight , desperate to sign up . One eyewitness told CNN how the stampede began . "  There was a girl who tried to jump over the fence but unfortunately she tripped and the fence went through her from her back area so when the police came the people saw the police van as an excuse to jump over it to use it to go over . "  The first lady went over and I think that broke everything off because we were all looking at her , we never thought she would jump over . She jumped over , everybody screamed , clapped and started pushing their way through and that is when the commotion started happening . " Another witness recounted how a gate was opened "  and then people started fighting and running towards the gate , and then there was a stampede . People were stepping on each other , and I was also there by the gate , but I was able to survive . " Sitting among the debris of shoes , ID cards and blankets -- all discarded during the stampede -- June Moloro told CNN how she was accompanying her grandson to the university when they also got caught up in the chaos . "  So we came here very early in the morning . We found that there was a stampede . We had to run back , we could n't go in , " said Moloro , who is retired . "  After it was a bit tense and we saw a woman lying there , a dead woman . She was lying there . So it is a scary situation . " She told CNN that this was the second time she and her grandson had been waiting outside the campus trying to secure him a place . In a statement , the ANC Youth League called on the government "  to urgently put in place measures that will remedy the situation of many prospective students and fewer admission spaces in institutions of higher learning not only in U.J.  University of Johannesburg  , but across institutions of higher learning in South Africa . " The situation is reaching crisis level , with the number of places available for higher education students now far less than the number of people qualified to take them , the statement said . The Youth League will work with the South African Students ' Congress and education ministers to try to find a sustainable solution , it added . Some experts agree that there is an education crisis in South Africa . "  The crisis is one of young people who want opportunities and struggle to get them . There are not enough jobs , places at university , or alternatives like vocational colleges , nor enough money to pay for it all , " said Graeme Bloch , visiting adjunct professor for the School of Public and Development Management at Wits University , another Johannesburg university . The country also suffers from high levels of unemployment , particularly among young people . Even after the ambulances had left the scene of the stampede , hundreds of people were still lining up behind the university 's closed gates , hoping to be admitted .	Thousands of students were waiting by the university in hope of winning a place to study Eyewitness : "  We saw a woman lying there , a dead woman " The youth wing of the governing party calls for action to create more university places South Africa 's young people are struggling to find opportunities , an expert says
EW.com  -- If you 've ever had the burning desire to see one of the hottest film stars of the moment bray , "  I am not an animal ! " you 're in luck . Bradley Cooper , who just received his second Oscar nomination in as many years for his fussy , conflicted G-man in David O. Russell 's American Hustle , will be returning to Broadway after an eight-year absence , the actor 's reps tell EW .  His last appearance was opposite Julia Roberts and Paul Rudd in 2006â $ ² s Three Days of Rain , for which he got very good notices . EW : See full stage coverage The red-hot actor will headline a revival of Bernard Pomerance 's The Elephant Man , playing John Merrick , the severely deformed , soulful figure memorably embodied on film in David Lynch 's 1980 film version by John Hurt . The play , unlike the film , has the leading actor suggest deformity through physicality without the aid of makeup or prosthetics , so you 'll get to see Cooper in all his golden-boy glory , just like in the large pic right here , which highlights Mr. Cooper 's 2012 performance in the play at the Williamstown Theatre Festival . This marks the second Broadway revival of Pomerance 's Tony-winning play , after a 2002 production starring Billy Crudup and Kate Burton , who were both nominated for Tonys for their work . EW : Bradley Cooper , Patricia Clarkson join ` The Elephant Man ' in Williamstown No word yet on whether Patricia Clarkson  who played Mrs. Kendal , the actress who befriends Merrick  or Alessandro Nivola  who played Dr. Treves , and also happens to costar in Hustle with Cooper  will rejoin People 's former Sexiest Man Alive for the Broadway run , but further details are promised at a later date . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bradley Cooper is returning to Broadway after 8 years He last appeared opposite Julia Roberts in "  Three Days of Rain " This will be the second revival of the play
Tuwaitha , Iraq  CNN  -- The shell of former Iraqi strongman Saddam Hussein 's efforts to produce a nuclear bomb is being slowly dismantled along the banks of the Tigris River , but its radioactive legacy lingers on . The Tuwaitha research complex , about 18 kilometers  11 miles  southeast of Baghdad , was bombed by Israel in its 1981 airstrike on Iraq 's Tammuz 1 research reactor . It was bombed again during the Persian Gulf War of 1991 , and it was looted extensively after the 2003 U.S. invasion that ousted Hussein . Now , engineers and technicians are working to dismantle the laboratories and equipment at the site , but the extensive contamination left behind complicates their work . "  It is difficult because of the destruction , " said Anwar Ahmed , the project manager at Tuwaitha . "  This facility was bombed in 1991 . Now , finally the decision was made to decommission all the destroyed facilities . " Workers and visitors have to wear protective suits and masks around the facility , where about 20 people are at work so far . Iraq 's ministry of Science and Technology said it is training more specialists to decommission the facility , but acknowledged the cleanup could take decades . "  We have 18 facilities in Tuwaitha , " said Fuad al Musawi , Iraq 's deputy science and technology minister . "  We have another 10 facilities around the country . So you can imagine how long it will take . " Iraq 's nuclear ambitions date back to the 1960s , when it obtained a Soviet-built research reactor . It built another , French-designed reactor in the 1970s . Israel 's concerns about the program led to the 1981 raid , in which Israeli pilots flew across then-hostile Jordan and a corner of Saudi Arabia to strike the facility . Despite the damage inflicted by that attack , Iraq began attempting to produce enriched uranium -- a step toward producing a nuclear weapon -- during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s , the U.S.-led Iraq Survey Group reported in 2004 . It accelerated that program after its 1990 invasion of Kuwait left it facing an international military coalition that ultimately drove out the Iraqi forces . The bombardment that accompanied the 1991 war inflicted extensive damage to the Tuwaitha plants . The U.N. sanctions and inspections imposed after 1991 forced Hussein 's government to abandon its nuclear program , the ISG concluded . After the 2003 invasion , which was launched after the United States incorrectly accused Iraq of having restarted its nuclear , chemical and biological weapons programs , nearby Iraqis inflicted further damage by looting the unguarded facility . Villagers nearby complained of symptoms that local doctors attributed to radiation sickness , particularly from using containers taken from the plant to store drinking water . The Iraq Survey Group found basements full of radioactive water in some of the buildings , and the U.S. military later spent $ 70 million ensuring the safe transportation of 550 metric tons of non-weapons grade uranium oxide -- known as "  yellowcake " -- to Canada . Some Iraqi scientists still hope to start a civilian nuclear energy program in the future . But for now , Iraq is still grappling with the shadow of its past .	Complex at the center of Saddam Hussein 's nuclear efforts slowly being dismantled Cleanup could take decades : Tuwaitha complex has 18 facilities Dismantling at Tuwaitha made more difficult because of bombing , looting Iraq began attempting to produce enriched uranium during the Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s
Oprah.com  -- A businesswoman , a mother of four , an international fashion icon , a woman committed to making the world a better place for women and children -- Queen Rania of Jordan is truly changing the world . Queen Rania says cultural dialogue , education and increased opportunities are ways to combat terrorism . Rania Al-Yassin was born in Kuwait . Shortly after Saddam Hussein invaded that country in 1990 , her family fled and settled in Jordan . After graduating from business school , Rania began working her way up the corporate ladder . When she was just 22 , she went to a dinner party where she met Jordan 's Prince Abdullah -- considered one of the world 's most eligible bachelors . He did n't remain one for long after that night . Six months later , Rania and Abdullah had a royal wedding and started a family . And , though they planned for a life as royals , Abdullah assumed he 'd remain a military officer for life . In 1999 , while on his deathbed , King Hussein of Jordan stunned his country by announcing that his son Abdullah -- not his brother -- would succeed him as king . That made 29-year-old Rania the world 's youngest living queen . Rania says that being queen is not the trait she defines herself by . "  I am not at all conscious of it , " she says . "  I make a conscious effort not to be conscious of it . Because I 'm Rania , you know ? People call me ` Queen , ' but , you know , that 's not me ... I 'm Rania . " There are many perks to being queen , of course , but Rania stresses that there are also responsibilities . "  One of the major misconceptions about this position is that people think that I might be far removed , that I might not be in touch with reality , " she says . "  The honest truth is that my life is very much about dealing with issues on the ground , dealing with ... the problems that our country faces . That 's something I do on a daily basis . " Watch how Queen Rania uses technology to reach young people " When most people think of queens , they probably think of what they know from fairy tales . "  For me , it 's just real life , " Rania says . "  I am a mother . I care about my children . I worry about what they eat . I worry about the influences from their friends . " Rania is not only sitting royalty in Jordan , she 's raising the next generation of royals too . She is the mother of four children -- 14-year-old Hussein , 12-year-old Iman , 8-year-old Salma and 3-year-old Hashem . Rania says her family tries very hard to remain down to earth . The family has relaxed much of the ceremonial pomp and circumstance of their position . Rania prefers that people not refer to her as "  Your Majesty " ... and King Abdullah loves to barbecue ! The family never discusses the possibility that Hussein , their oldest child , could be the future king of Jordan , Rania says . Instead , she says the family strives to remain like any other family . For instance , to get the things they want , the children have to clean their rooms and do well in school . "  The most important thing is to instill them with the right values , " Rania says . "  I just feel that values are the shield that you carry with you throughout life . It protects you from whatever life throws at you . " Rania has become famous around the world for her efforts to improve educational opportunities for girls and the rights of women . "  In my mind , poverty is a ` she , ' " Rania says . Helping others is something Rania says she feels compelled to do . "  Once you feel that others are like you , then you want for others what you want for yourself , " she says . "  And that way you start helping others . " Rania explains that there is a direct relationship between increasing education and eliminating poverty . "  You can change the course of a nation through education , " she says . "  One of the most important things you can do for a girl is empower her with her education . Once she has the education , she can then have control over her income , she can change her life , she can have choices . " To understand what life is like for the women in Rania 's kingdom , "  The Oprah Show " spent a day with a few women in Amman , the capital city of Jordan . One woman named Muna worries about striking a balance between work and motherhood . Part of that means preparing lunch -- the most important meal in Jordanian culture -- for her family . Unlike in America , most children and husbands return home to eat with their families for lunch . Just like in America , Muna cooks a variety of meals , everything from traditional Arabic food to hamburgers and spaghetti . In this largely Muslim country , one religious tradition is increasingly a matter of choice . Approximately 60 percent of Jordanian women wear a veil . Though Queen Rania says she has never worn a veil , she understands why a woman would want to . "  We think it 's a personal choice , " she says . "  Unfortunately , in the West , people look at the veil as a sign of oppression or weakness . This is not true as long as a woman is wearing it because of her belief . I always say we should judge a woman according to what 's going on in their heads rather than what 's going on top of their heads . " Rania says that when people focus on differences between cultures -- especially stereotypes and things like veils -- they fail to realize just how similar all people are . "  Once you go beyond the mannerisms , the language , the cultural idiosyncrasies , you realize that you 're basically the same , you know ? " she says . Rania also wants to break down the stereotypes the West holds about her culture . "  I would like to dispel the misconception that Arabs are all extremists , that Arab people are violent and that women in the Arab world are oppressed and suppressed , " she says . The struggle we feel today is not really Middle East against the West , Rania says , but rather it is between extremists and moderates of all religions . "  We need to speak up , " she says . "  The biggest nightmare for the extremists is for us to get along , and that 's why we have to get along . We have to communicate more . " In the future , Rania says she hopes for a more open and secure world . "  We look at problems happening halfway across the world and we think , ` Well , that 's their problem . ' But it 's not , " she says . "  When you solve somebody else 's problem , you 're solving a problem for yourself because our world today is so interconnected . " Rania says solving problems that stem from intolerance -- like terrorism -- require cultural dialogue , education and increased opportunities . "  We have to create opportunities for our youth so they have a chance in life , " she says . "  Whenever you 're frustrated and you feel like you do n't have a future or you ca n't get a job , then you 're more susceptible to be influenced by terrorism and extremist ideology . " Oprah.com : Africa 's first-ever elected female president From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Queen Rania is a businesswoman , a mother of four and a fashion icon The queen of Jordan says she has responsibility to help her country She is well known for efforts to improve education for girls Rania would like to break stereotypes the West has about Arab culture
Analysts are right to assess the level of national preparedness to climate change -- but well-intentioned efforts to rank countries can inadvertently sow hopelessness among those considered to be ill-prepared . A recent University of Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index  ND-GAI  ranks Norway , New Zealand , Sweden , Finland and Denmark as the world 's best prepared nations . At the bottom of the adaptation index lie Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  , Central African Republic , Eritrea , Burundi and lastly Chad . The report says that the highest ranked countries "  face moderate exposure to climate change , but they have good capacities to deal with the potential climate risks , including high access to amenities such as electricity , sanitation and clean drinking water . In general , they are also less dependent on natural capital , are better prepared for natural disasters and practice good governance . " Such preparedness assessments focus on existing conditions and capabilities and fail to account for emerging technological opportunities that might be easily adapted by those with the least access to conventional infrastructure and capabilities . This narrative overlooks the fact these same countries have also developed a wide range of local capabilities that enable them to adapt to major natural disasters as illustrated by the case of the Sahel region . As argued by Simon Batterbury  University of Melbourne , Australia  and Michael Mortimore  Drylands Research , UK  , Sahelian adaptation to drought is "  a combination of skill and technique , both learned and invented , and has been combined with deliberate efforts by households and communities to reduce their vulnerability . " The authors conclude that the lessons of Sahelian adaptation offer strong indications of the ability of communities to adapt to the challenges of future climate variability and uncertainty . Their adaptation "  should be facilitated rather than driven from the outside , " they conclude . The challenge is to strengthen local capabilities through endogenous technological innovation in fields such as energy , agriculture , health and environmental management . But doing so will require acknowledging the pro-active , creative and innovative capabilities of local communities . Harnessing technology The second important element of innovation is the capacity of the less resource-endowed communities to harness emerging technologies and put them to creative uses . In the 1970s , Africa was written off as a region for technological innovation and was defined as destination for low and simple devices dubbed "  appropriate technology . " The celebrated story of the widespread usage of mobile phone has rebranded the continent as a place where emerging technologies can find novel and unanticipated uses . The invention of mobile money transfer in Kenya is a good example of an African response to poor banking infrastructure . The global mobile money market is currently valued at $ 15 billion and is projected to $ 278.9 billion by 2018 , growing at an estimated annual rate of 82.4 % . The importance of this African creation lies in its global impact . The carbon footprint of mobile phones relative to landlines has yet to be calculated . When this is done it will add a new dimension to Africa 's contributions to the use of climate-smart technologies . Similar examples of technological leapfrogging are evident is countries such as DRC which is listed as among the least capable of adapting to climate change . The country , which is about the size of Western Europe , had the same length of paved road network as Rwanda , which is about 80 times smaller . The rapid expansion of road networks and economic growth in DRC resulted in urban traffic chaos . The country , through the work of women engineers , has responded by leapfrogging to the use of robot technology to control traffic in Kinshasa . Alternative energy resources There are other areas of direct relevance to climate change that African economies could provide leadership . The first is renewable energy . Advances in solar and wind energy technology  and the associated smart power management systems  are making renewable energy competitive with fossil fuels . Their widespread adoption is likely to favor poor nations in the tropics that are not committed to traditional energy infrastructure . Access to information on emerging technologies often limits Africa 's leapfrogging capabilities . This is being remedied by the expansion of technical education and internet connectivity . Future efforts to adapt to climate change will be guided by emerging African strategies that seek to focus on leveraging technological innovation for sustainable development . Comparing the preparedness of countries to climate change helps to focus attention on the need for concerted national adaptation strategies . But failing to account for the adaptive potential of all nations can create despair among the poor and complacency among the rich . It is possible that some of the ideas that might help the global community to adapt to climate change might come from the poor . Read this : Why small nations must unite for climate revolution Read this : Island paradise seeks beach-goers More from Marketplace Africa	ND Gain Index : Many African countries are least prepared for climate change Among the lowest ranked were Chad , Burundi , Eritrea , CAR and the DRC The annual index ranks countries "  based on their vulnerability to climate change . . ... and their readiness to adapt to the droughts , superstorms and natural disasters that climate change can cause "
CNN  -- Less than two weeks after he partied with classmates in a college dorm , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev now lives in drastically different surroundings . The 19-year-old Boston Marathon bombing suspect is locked inside a 10-by-10-foot cell with a steel door , a slot for food and an observation window , a prison spokesman said Sunday . Tsarnaev is able to speak and has been interacting with staff at the Federal Medical Center Devens , spokesman John Colautti said . Medical professionals at the prison medical facility , which currently houses 1,044 inmates , are making regular rounds to check on Tsarnaev , Colautti said , and Tsarnaev has spoken with staff there about managing his health . The spokesman said he could not comment on whether Tsarnaev was speaking with investigators . He referred questions on Tsarnaev 's medical condition to the FBI , saying the facility does not assign medical condition rankings like civilian hospitals . Tsarnaev is in an area of the facility where there 's extra security , he said . On Friday , authorities said Tsarnaev had been transferred from Boston 's Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center to the prison facility , which is about 40 miles west of the city . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction for his alleged role in the April 15 bombings that killed three people and injured more than 260 near the marathon 's finish line . Tsarnaev was captured April 19 after a nearly 24-hour manhunt . His brother , Tamerlan , died after a gun battle with police . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had what appeared to be gunshot wounds to his head , neck , legs and hand when he was captured , according to the criminal complaint accusing him in the marathon blasts . Tsarnaev has been less talkative since authorities read him his Miranda rights three days after his capture . But the information the teenager gave investigators in two sessions of questioning has produced good leads , a U.S. law enforcement official said . FBI : Search of dump tied to suspect ends Since the pair of blasts turned celebratory cheers into screams of horror at the Boston Marathon 's finish line , investigators have kept working -- interviewing people and searching for evidence , even when it meant sifting through trash -- to find out why . One of the most recent focuses of the probe was a landfill in New Bedford , Massachusetts , adjacent to the town where Tsarnaev attended school at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . Authorities finished combing the dump for clues that may shed light on the bloody attack on Friday , said FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller , who would n't say whether they found anything . A law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation had said investigators were looking for Tsarnaev 's laptop computer . Tsarnaev led authorities to look there , the source said , and others who may have knowledge of the computer 's whereabouts or may have played a role in disposing of it also provided leads that prompted the search . Eimiller , the FBI spokeswoman , said the investigation remains open , with interviews and the search for evidence continuing . Officials : 2011 wiretap reveals talk of jihad In the past few days , Russian authorities turned over an intercepted conversation from 2011 between one of the Tsarnaev brothers in the United States and their mother in Dagestan , Russia , according to an official with knowledge of the investigation . The wiretapped communication discussed jihad , but the conversation was vague , according to two U.S. officials . It 's unclear why the Russians were eavesdropping on the mother or for how long . One of the officials declined to say whether that wiretap information could have made a difference in ultimately uncovering a future attack on the United States . Tom Fuentes , a CNN contributor and former FBI assistant director , said the FBI would have found that information helpful when the Russians asked U.S. investigators to look into Tamerlan Tsarnaev for a possible shift toward increasing Islamic extremism in 2011 . Family in Russia The brothers ' mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , said Friday that she and her husband had left their home in Dagestan for another part of Russia . Their father , Anzor Tsarnaev , had said he 'd planned to travel to the United States , but that trip has been delayed indefinitely for health reasons . The mother has said she will not return to the United States , where she is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property . The family lived in Massachusetts before Zubeidat Tsarnaev jumped bail after her arrest on the charges in 2012 . The parents moved to Dagestan , a semiautonomous republic in southern Russia that year . Zubeidat Tsarnaev has denied the reality of the bombing . She believes it was fake . She said she has seen a video pushing the wild idea , and that there was no blood , that paint was used instead . Botched hijacking thwarts plans to head to New York Three days after the marathon attack , and hours after authorities released images of the two suspects , they spontaneously decided to go to New York 's Times Square to blow up their six remaining explosives , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told investigators . But a botched carjacking spoiled the impromptu road trip , said Tsarnaev , whose account was outlined by New York 's police commissioner . Before forcing their way into a vehicle the night of April 18 , the brothers fatally shot a campus police officer at MIT , police said . The vehicle they subsequently hijacked , a Mercedes sport utility vehicle , ran low on fuel , and they stopped at a service station , where the vehicle 's owner escaped . Shortly thereafter , police picked up the trail of the SUV and pursued it . Authorities say the men threw bombs out the vehicle 's window at them . The gun battle and Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's death followed . CNN 's Tim Lister , Ben Brumfield , Ashleigh Banfield , Paula Newton , Drew Griffin , Dave Alsup , Carol Cratty , Brian Todd and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is inside a 10-by-10-foot cell with a steel door and a slot for food He is able to speak and has been interacting with prison staff , a spokesman says The FBI searches a landfill near the suspect 's college campus As part of investigation , Russian officials hand over wiretap of call discussing jihad
CNN  -- A Buffalo , New York , man is due in court Thursday to face charges that he raped a 13-year-old runaway police say he held prisoner in his home for six months . Michael J. Abdallah , 26 , has pleaded not guilty to second-degree rape , unlawful imprisonment and custodial interference . Thursday 's hearing will determine if the case should be referred to a grand jury . Buffalo police said that Abdallah kept the girl in his home from July through December 2009 , behind dead-bolt locks and doors with no doorknobs . A criminal complaint alleges that Abdallah had sex with her more than 100 times . Police spokesman Michael DeGeorge said Abdallah also forced the girl to baby-sit his year-old son . Abdallah is unmarried , and the identity of the child 's mother is not known . Police would not say how the girl left Adbdallah 's home , why there was a delay from December to February for his arrest or where the teenager is now . Abdallah was arrested Friday when police raided his home on a child-abuse allegation , Buffalo media reported . The next day , Buffalo City Court Judge James A.W. McLeod set bond at $ 250,000 in an arraignment at which Abdallah represented himself . He has since been provided with a court-appointed attorney , according to media reports . But friends of the defendant told the Buffalo News that he was nothing more than a Good Samaritan trying to help a runaway girl he met in a Buffalo park . "  Everybody has had their moments , but Mike is not a monster . As long as I 've known Mike , he 's always been kindhearted to me . If he could help you , he will help you , " Alicia Bellaus , 20 , who grew up next door to Abdallah 's relatives , told the paper . "  Mike always had her calling to someone , supposedly her aunt , to say she was doing OK . From what I knew , her aunt or her mom knew where she was staying , " said Bellaus , who previously had a romantic relationship with Abdallah . "  To look at her , she is very developed physically , and you would think that she is older than 13 . " Bellaus said the girl told her she was 17 or 18 and denied having sex with Abdallah , and that she also said she did not want to go home to her mother , the News said . Police told the News that the family filed several missing person reports after the girl disappeared in July . And an unnamed law enforcement official told the paper that Abdallah was a manipulative drug dealer who "  lured her in " and kept her trapped physically and psychologically . CNN , however , could not confirm that official 's view . George Kimble , who lives four doors from Abdallah , said he was surprised when he learned about the accusations . "  This is a street where everyone knows everyone , " said Kimble , who remembered Abdallah moving in about a year-and-a-half ago . "  I never recall him with a 13-year-old girl . " Kimble said Abdallah was seldom home , and their brief conversations were limited to Abdallah 's two dogs . Other neighbors told Kimble the house had a steady stream of visitors on any given day .	Buffalo , New York , man has pleaded not guilty to second-degree rape Michael J. Abdallah , 26 , was arrested Friday Other charges : Unlawful imprisonment and custodial interference Bond set at $ 250,000 ; Abdallah represented himself at arraignment
CNN Student News  -- February 4 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • Egypt • China Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . SHANELL , CNN STUDENT NEWS IREPORTER : Hi ! I 'm Shanell . AMANDA , CNN STUDENT NEWS IREPORTER : And I 'm Amanda . SHANELL : And we 're from Colby , Kansas . AMANDA : And this is Carl Azuz with today 's CNN Student News ! CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Very nicely done , ladies , getting us off to a galloping start . That was awesome , just like Fridays ! Wonder if those horses were neighbors . Whether you live next door or halfway around the world , we welcome all of our viewers to CNN Student News . First Up : Roof Collapse AZUZ : So , let 's say you 're a Steelers or Packers fan . You 're heading to the Super Bowl in Dallas , Texas to get away from the cold weather in your hometown . But when you show up in Texas , the wind chill is 10 degrees below zero ! Believe that ! That 's what it felt like in Dallas yesterday . Throw in several inches of snow and ice , parts of the city just shut down . One Packers player said it was funny to see everything closed . He said in Green Bay , this would 've been a normal day . What we 're about to show you , though , is not normal . Watch this . That 's the power of this snowstorm . The roof of the building in Massachusetts completely collapsed under the weight of all the snow . Luckily , everyone who was inside got out safely ahead of time . Prayer Breakfast AZUZ : The National Prayer Breakfast has taken place in Washington , D.C. every year for nearly six decades . During yesterday 's prayer breakfast , President Obama gave a very personal speech about his religious faith . He talked about how his faith sustains him and how he asks God for strength . The president was n't the only speaker at the event . U.S. astronaut Mark Kelly -- he is the husband of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords -- gave the closing prayer . He also talked about his wife 's recovery from a shooting attack in Arizona . The president also talked about violence that 's taking place in a different part of the world . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : We pray that the violence in Egypt will end , and that the rights and aspirations of the Egyptian people will be realized . And that a better day will dawn over Egypt and throughout the world . Egypt Unrest & Social Media AZUZ : People who support and people who are against Egypt 's government continued to fight against each other in the country 's capital of Cairo on Thursday , though the fighting was n't as intense as it was the day before . In an interview with Christiane Amanpour of ABC News , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , who 's the main focus of these protests , said he was very unhappy about the fighting . He also said that he would leave office right away , but that he did n't want to risk plunging his nation into chaos . Political protests certainly are n't a new idea . They 've been happening for centuries . But as Karen Caifa explains for us now , there is a very modern twist to these protests in Egypt . BEGIN VIDEO KARIN CAIFA , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : Pictures that speak a thousand words . Protests fueled by 140 characters . The unrest in Egypt targets the 30-year tenure of leader Hosni Mubarak , protests led by a generation that 's come of age and found their voice in the era of social media . NASSER WEDDADY , AMERICAN ISLAMIC CONGRESS : You have a generation right now , an entire generation that was born under the Mubarak rule , that has taken to the streets and they want him out . CAIFA : While the percentage of Egyptians engaging in social media is small compared to that in the United States , like young Americans , it 's young Egyptians making the most use of it . So before they took to the streets , they took to Twitter and to Facebook to mobilize , organize , to share their anger with each other and with the world . But at points during the height of the unrest , those tools went dark , with reports of the Egyptian government cracking down on Twitter and Facebook use , and cutting off internet access . A move criticized by the White House . ROBERT GIBBS , WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY : We believe that the people of Egypt have a right to freedom of expression and freedom of speech , and that includes the use of the internet . CAIFA : And even with postings from within Egypt limited , the events stayed among the top trending topics on Twitter , piquing the interest of social media users worldwide using a number of hashtags . WEDDADY : The demonstrations that you 're seeing right now in the streets , that 's an example of online activism going back into the real world . END VIDEO Health Care Debate AZUZ : An effort to overturn the controversial Health Care Reform Law will not be moving forward in the U.S. Senate . Senate Democrats blocked the move by Senate Republicans on Wednesday in a 51-to-47 vote that was right down party lines . Two Democratic senators did n't vote . The Republican-controlled House of Representatives voted to overturn the law last month . But with the Senate vote on Wednesday , this debate may be over in Congress . But it 's not over in the courts . Earlier this week , a federal judge in Florida ruled that the health care law is unconstitutional . Another judge has ruled the same way . But two other federal judges have said the opposite . All this , what this means , this will probably end up in front of the U.S. Supreme Court . So there 's a good chance we have n't heard the end of this health reform law debate . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Linser 's social studies classes at Bellevue High School in Bellevue , Washington ! On the Chinese calendar , what year has just begun ? You know what to do ! Is it the Year of the ... A  Rabbit , B  Ox , C  Snake or D  Tiger ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Chinese calendar has just kicked off the Year of the Rabbit . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Chinese New Year AZUZ : All right . The Chinese calendar is lunar ; it 's based on the moon . And in a 12-year cycle , every year is assigned a different animal from ancient times . Astrologers describe the rabbit as kind and gentle , so maybe this will be a year of calm in China . Who knows ? One thing we do know . These Year of the Rabbit celebrations are hopping , and they 're going to go on for two weeks . The new year kicks off a fifteen-day Spring festival . There are parades , like this one . A lot of fireworks and festivities . And we 're not just talking about things that happened in China . These celebrations happen in cities all around the world . Digital Dating Abuse AZUZ : There was a time , when you wanted to ask someone out , you 'd pass them a note that said "  Do you want to go out with me ? Check yes or no . " And you 'd really , really hope she did n't say maybe . These days , dating , of course , as you know , is a lot more high-tech . But the technology can also be used in harmful ways . We have a report now about some of the potential problems of dating in a digital world . BEGIN VIDEO CINDY SOUTHWORTH , NATIONAL NETWORK TO END DOMESTIC VIOLENCE : What else makes digital dating abuse , do you think ? CAIFA : Inside this classroom at Jefferson Middle School in Washington , D.C. , lessons about the technology that connects teens , but also brings new challenges . Many parents are aware of cyberbullying . But others may not know the signs of digital dating abuse . And a recent survey found that more than half of teens know someone who 's been a victim . PATRICIA PRIDE , JEFFERSON MIDDLE SCHOOL PRINCIPAL : A lot of the things that happen on Facebook , on MySpace , on the social networks on the weekends , we see filter into the school on Monday morning . CAIFA : Digital dating abuse includes things like excessive or harassing text messages or emails , accessing or manipulating a boyfriend or girlfriend 's Facebook or MySpace page , or "  sexting " with racy photos , all by simply using a mobile phone . SOUTHWORTH : It does n't necessarily cause dating abuse . You can take the phone away and there 's still going to be a controlling relationship , but it 's definitely playing out through the technology . CAIFA : So , "  Love is Not Abuse , " a nationwide coalition that teaches teens about the dangers of domestic violence , now has a bigger focus on the role of the internet and social networking , during and after a relationship . SOUTHWORTH : You 're texting a lot , and it 's a good thing and both people are happy . But what if you try to break up and the texting keeps happening ? CAIFA : The students here were the first to take part in the new curriculum , a kickoff to February 's National Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Prevention Month . It will soon roll out across the country , a campaign to help students understand that abuse is real , even if it 's in the digital realm . In Washington , I 'm Karin Caifa for CNN Student News . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go today , we 're taking you to an obstacle course where the obstacles are alive ! It 's at an alligator farm in Florida . And it includes a zip line that takes you right over the gators ! The woman on the zip line 's thinking , "  cool , gators ! " And the gators are thinking , "  cool , lunch ! " Fearless flyers are strapped onto safety lines at all times . And in truth , you 're zipping along about 50 feet over the reptiles ' reach . Goodbye AZUZ : Still , you 'd think they would put up a gator something . Maybe these are helpful animals . Maybe if you fall in their pit , they 'll just offer you gator-aid . I think that 's one of the best one 's we 've done in awhile . Today 's sign-off line from Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews comes from Lindsey , who says a bicycle ca n't stand alone because it is two-tired . You can send us your sign-off lines at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . We look forward to 'em . Today 's last suggestion came from Philip , Lauren , Bailey and Gemma . Here it comes : -LSB- Carl throws pillow at camera -RSB-	Witness the power of a winter storm stretching across the U.S. Explore the role of technology in the political unrest in Egypt Consider some potential problems of dating in a digital world Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
The last 12 months have seen Tiger Woods climb back to the top of the golf rankings , and now the 14-time major winner has reclaimed his crown as the world 's highest-paid athlete . Forbes estimates Woods ' earnings for the 12 months to June 1 this year total $ 78.1 million , putting him ahead of tennis ace Roger Federer -- who topped the 2012 list . The top 10 features two golfers , three soccer players , two NFL quarterbacks , two NBA stars and one tennis player . The 100-strong list compiled by the influential business magazine features just three women , the highest-ranked of which is world No. 2 tennis player Maria Sharapova in 22nd place with earnings of $ 22 million . Woods has started 2013 in fine form , winning four PGA Tour titles so far this year . The 37-year-old pocketed $ 13.1 million in winnings over the last 12 months . He has also cashed in on appearances fees , collecting over $ 10 million for playing in Abu Dhabi , China , Malaysia and Turkey . Federer has won more grand slams than any other male tennis player in history with 17 . The Swiss had total earnings last year of $ 71.5 million -- $ 14 million of which came from playing six exhibition events during a tour of South America . Like Woods , Federer earns an estimated $ 65 million through endorsements , and both players are long-term members of Nike 's stable of athletes . According to his agent Mark Steinberg , Woods is close to signing a new deal with the American sportswear giant . NBA icons Kobe Bryant and LeBron James are third and fourth on the list respectively . Bryant 's salary with the Los Angeles Lakers is the highest in basketball at $ 27.85 million a year , $ 7 million more than any other player . Miami Heat 's "  King James " earns $ 42 million from endorsements with major companies like Nike , McDonald 's , Coca Cola and Samsung . Quarterbacks Drew Brees of the New Orleans Saints and the Green Bay Packers ' Aaron Rodgers benefited from lucrative playing contracts worth $ 100 million and $ 110 million respectively . Golf 's Hall of Famer Phil Mickelson is seventh on the list after making $ 48.7 million , with soccer trio David Beckham , Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi completing the top 10 . Former England captain Beckham recently ended his playing career with a five-month spell at French side Paris Saint-Germain . The $ 5.2 million salary he was paid during that time was donated to charity . Beckham took home $ 47.2 million , profiting from commercial deals with Adidas , H & M and Samsung . Real Madrid 's Ronaldo pipped on-field rival Lionel Messi , earning $ 44 million compared to the Barcelona star 's $ 41.3 million .	World No. 1 golf player Tiger Woods named the world 's highest-paid athlete The American earned $ 78.1 million in the 12 months up to June 1 , 2013 Tennis star Roger Federer second on the list after topping the pile in 2012 NBA icons Kobe Bryant and LeBron James are third and fourth respectively
CNN  Jim Wyss is not exactly a poster child of Venezuela 's openness to foreigners -- but for while , he was one . A photo of the Miami Herald correspondent , smiling and embracing a woman , was featured Thursday as part of Venezuelan state-run television 's online tourism campaign . The tagline : "  We love Venezuela ... for receiving foreigners like one of our own . " An inviting promotion except for the fact that the photo was taken on Wyss ' return to the United States after being detained for 48 hours by Venezuelan authorities two years ago . The image was snapped at Miami International Airport -- not at Simón Bolívar International Airport outside the Venezuelan capital -- by Miami Herald staffer Carl Juste in November 2013 , the newspaper said . Wyss ' beaming smile came when he finally arrived on American soil after his detention while reporting about contraband in the border town of San Cristobal , in the state of Tachira . Venezuelan authorities at the time said he was detained for failing to have the proper media credentials , the Miami Herald reported Friday . But Telesur officials apparently believed it was a fitting image to promote tourism in a South American nation where chronic shortages of basic goods had led to protests . The hashtag of the Twitter campaign was #AmamosaVenezuela or #We love Venezuela . On Twitter on Thursday , Wyss seemed somewhat amused : "  Irony ? @teleSURtv has me in promo using pic from when I got OUT of Venezuela after 48hr detention . " Numerous attempts to reach TeleSur for comment were unsuccessful . The photos of Wyss have been taken down .	Venezuelan tourism campaign features formerly detained reporter Authorities took Jim Wyss into custody while he covered 2013 elections Campaign tagline says , "  We love Venezuela ... for receiving foreigners like one of our own "
CNN  -- Of all the terrible conflicts facing the world in 2013 , Syria is undoubtedly the most complex and dangerous . Violence has left four million people inside Syria in desperate need of help -- shelter , food , education , clean water , health care and protection -- and has uprooted two million inside the country and sent 600,000 fleeing the horrors of war into neighboring countries . Now a bitter winter is the new enemy . Syria 's children suffer the most . At least half of all those affected by the conflict are children . Too many have been injured or killed ; too many have seen family and friends die , their homes and schools reduced to rubble . The good news is our aid is reaching approximately 1.5 million Syrians , even in areas of fighting -- children are being vaccinated , and temporary schools are being set up , families are being fed and sheltered -- thanks to our work and to the valiant , efforts of many partners like the Syrian Arab Red Crescent . But we could do so much more . There are areas inside Syria where our ability to deliver is intermittent at best ; where we can not reach those in need of our help . We appeal to all the parties involved in the conflict to grant unrestricted humanitarian access inside Syria . Sadly , if this appeal continues to go unheeded , we fear the already horrific level of suffering will become even worse . Crisis in Syria : The Refugees With each passing day , and each passing week it becomes harder for Syrians to endure . Most can not flee and find safe havens in neighboring countries . Some find precarious refuge with friends or the kindness of strangers in another town . Others shelter in abandoned , unheated buildings or makeshift camps . Many find themselves moving from one place to another , again and again as the conflict spreads . Living conditions in all areas of the country are deteriorating rapidly . It is not only the violence that people fear , but the combined threat of hunger , cold and illness . Neighboring countries have opened their borders to 600,000 Syrian refugees and , with the help of humanitarian organizations like ours , offer basic support for their survival . But even they face difficult challenges . Most refugees are children who have escaped with mothers and grandmothers . Now , many have been refugees for 21 months . It has been UNHCR 's job to register them and provide them with shelter and basic relief items like mattresses , blankets and kitchen sets . What 's next for Syria in 2013 ? In most places , WFP vouchers allow them to buy fresh food from the market . UNICEF helps children overcome their trauma , gets them into schools , and gives them with books and supplies and access to better health . Host communities open their homes and their hearts . Host governments provide medical and other community services . As the numbers of refugees grow , so does the strain on these host governments . The resources provided by Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey and Iraq are dangerously stretched . No one can predict how long this will last . What is needed now is support from the entire international community to asylum countries and organizations like ours to help us do more . In December , the U.N. appealed for $ 1.5 billion for the humanitarian response both inside and outside Syria and we are urging donors to contribute more . If the conflict ca n't be stopped now , the least we can do is ease the suffering . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of António Guterres , Ertharin Cousin and Anthony Lake .	Four million people inside Syria are in desperate need of help More than half a million others have fled to neighboring countries U.N. agencies say they struggle to get aid to some areas inside Syria U.N. : "  Living conditions in all areas of the country are deteriorating rapidly "
CNN  -- After the past week 's political upheavals in Washington and around the country , we are reminded that certain things remain constant in politics . Unfortunately , one of those things is the sexism leveled at any woman who rises to power in the White House -- under presidents of either party . No sooner was the hunt on for a fall guy for the Democratic midterm losses than some in the press predictably went after a fall gal -- President Barack Obama 's senior adviser , Valerie Jarrett . Reporter Carol Felsenthal in Politico and others have decided that the best way to address Democratic losses is to have a "  shake-up " at the White House , and the person they most want to see shaken out is Jarrett . She is pilloried for everything from run-ins with other staffers to playing herself in a cameo role on CBS ' "  The Good Wife . " That 's how much they object to the job Valerie Jarrett is doing -- they do n't even want her doing it in the fictional realm . The Politico story , headlined "  Fire Valerie Jarrett , even notes that "  nobody knows precisely what Jarrett does in the White House . " But whatever it is , it 's wrong enough that she needs to be fired . Withering criticism is something that is meted out regardless of gender in Washington . Attorney General Eric Holder has been called every name in the book , including the ones that have to be spelled using asterisks . But Jarrett is being subjected to a refrain of snipes and swipes that sound like they were cribbed from the Twitter feed of one of "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey . " The litany of Jarrett 's run-ins with other White House power brokers reads like a plot synopsis for a new "  Mean Girls " movie . Even more telling are the descriptions of Jarrett that trivialize her position and the skills that got her to that position . The Politico article states , "  If her role in this administration reflected reality , Jarrett would be called ` First Big Sister ' to both Michelle and Barack . " "  Big Sister ! " Karl Rove may have been characterized as an evil genius , but he was never reduced to being called merely George Bush 's big brother figure . He was given credit for being good at what he did , not dismissed as a sycophantic surrogate sibling . But Felsenthal fails even to acknowledge any of Jarrett 's good works . Senior administration officials have told me she played an important role in making sure that the uninsured , particularly uninsured women , were enrolled in the Affordable Care Act . More than 4.3 million women and girls enrolled in coverage during the first open enrollment period . As of June , 29.7 million women are estimated to have access to expanded preventive services coverage such as mammograms , HIV testing , contraception and other screenings with no cost-sharing . She spent months developing and executing a plan to bring community leaders and celebrities into the ACA rollout to reach uninsured people "  where they are . " In another article , U.S. News & World Report is somewhat more generous to Jarrett . Mark Davis , a former White House speechwriter in the George H.W. Bush administration , says , "  Jarrett is the White House ` mirror , mirror on the wall ' who has cultivated the psychological dependency of the president of the United States . " According to him , Jarrett still attained her power through mere flattery , but at least she has a certain Disney villain sinister cachet . And as someone who psychologically controls the President , she 's more Big Brother than big sister . Valerie Jarrett is certainly not the first woman who achieved power in Washington to be treated so disrespectfully . The shards of the broken glass ceiling cut both Democrat and Republican . When George W. Bush was President , The New York Times ' Maureen Dowd dismissed Bush female staffers Condoleezza Rice , Karen Hughes and Harriet Miers all as nothing more than "  adoring work wives , catering to W. 's every political , legal and ego-affirming need . " Evidently presidents of either party choose their male advisers based on their talents , and their female advisers based purely on their ability to serve up chicken soup for the soul . Dowd said , "  W. loves being surrounded by tough women who steadfastly devote their entire lives to doting on him . " One ca n't even read that statement without picturing Miers tousling Bush 's hair . Dowd was especially fond of the phrase "  office wives , " which is the sort of thing that really should only be said by characters in the show "  Mad Men , " and even then only the early seasons . At another point , Dowd implies that Rice got her job as secretary of state by just spending time with W. and "  making him feel like the most thoughtful , farsighted he-man in the world . " In one sentence , a woman who had devoted her life to diplomacy and public service has been reduced to a cheerleader ... and a self-serving cheerleader at that . Hillary Clinton has been attacked for being Hillary Clinton for so long now that it 's easy to forget that the criticism of her began with the same sexist overtones now being used on Jarrett . Before Hillary-bashing became its own thing , she was subjected to the standard-issue woman-bashing used on every powerful woman in Washington . Well , Clinton got the royal treatment -- she was routinely compared to Lady Macbeth . A New York Times piece from 1992 said that at least 20 articles in major publications that year had compared her to Shakespeare 's homicidal heroine with the stain problems . "  Out , damned spot ! " Great -- even Shakespeare 's greatest villainess sounds like a laundry-obsessed housewife to modern ears . The only surprising thing about all of the comparisons of Clinton to Lady Macbeth is that so many Washington pundits are familiar with the classics . The Politico article calling for Jarrett 's ouster ends up suggesting that maybe she can be transitioned out by making her the "  Obama librarian " in charge of plans for the presidential library . Really , librarian ? Why not just give her another stereotypical female job ? She could become his secretary -- fielding phone calls and taking messages . Or bookkeeper , balancing the checkbook . White House nurse , or a stewardess on Air Force One ! Women in Washington -- and in positions of power anywhere -- should be subjected to the same criticisms and held to the same standards as men . That does not include the assumption that any successful woman has attained her position through flattery , feminine wiles or her ability to provide maternal comfort to a more powerful man . We can criticize a person 's performance without demeaning her based on gender . After all , our most basic human flaws transcend gender -- so should our criticism of those flaws .	In wake of Democratic election losses , some call for firing of Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett Donna Brazile : Everyone gets attacked in D.C. , but Jarrett is target of sexist criticism She says Jarrett is being given the disrespectful treatment that Hillary Clinton , others have seen Brazile : It 's OK to criticize but do n't demean people based on their gender
CNN  -- Why would someone allegedly steal a pickup truck and guns in Montana and then go to the University of Washington area with Molotov cocktails and a bullet-resistant vest ? Police say they 're trying to figure that out . University officers arrested Justin Miles Jasper , a 21-year-old Nevada man , on Wednesday night after finding him near the Seattle school in a truck that had been reported stolen recently from a Butte , Montana , residence , campus police Chief John Vinson said Thursday . Investigators found Molotov cocktails , a ballistic vest and two allegedly stolen guns -- a scoped rifle and a shotgun -- in the truck 's bed after getting consent to search it , Vinson told reporters . Vinson said he believed no ammunition was found . Investigators were trying to get a warrant to search the truck 's cab Thursday , university police said . "  We have no idea what his intentions were , " Vinson said . " ... We do n't have any information that would suggest any type of attack , but this is an active , ongoing investigation . " Prosecutors said Jasper also had detailed maps of three university campuses -- University of Washington , South Seattle Community College , and Seattle University -- in his possession , according to CNN affiliate KIRO . Bail has been set at $ 2 million for Jasper , CNN affiliate KING reported . Police said Jasper is not a University of Washington student and that they 're trying to figure out whether he has any connections to the area , and why he was in Seattle . Police initially found him sleeping in the truck on campus on Tuesday , a day before the arrest , Vinson said . At the time , a check of the plate found nothing , so they sent him on his way . But on Wednesday , "  the vehicle was entered as stolen from Montana , " so officers looked for the vehicle and stopped it not far from campus at about 10:30 p.m. , Vinson said . Police arrested the man on suspicion of driving a stolen vehicle . Vinson said he had no reason to believe the university -- which he said had few students or staff heading into the Fourth of July -- is under any threat . But police still have questions . "  Anytime that you have someone who has body armor ... long guns and also incendiary devices , that 's a significant concern , " said Jim Pugel , interim chief of the Seattle Police Department , which is helping university police in the case . The FBI also is assisting the probe , Vinson said . CNN 's Amanda Watts and Jason Hanna contributed to this story .	University of Washington police arrest man on suspicion of driving stolen vehicle Police : Molotov cocktails , two stolen long guns , and a ballistic vest were in truck 's bed Prosecutors say he had maps of three university campuses Truck , guns stolen from Montana residence , police say ; suspect is 21-year-old man from Nevada
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Breaking Bad " addicts who may suffer withdrawal when the AMC drama ends will get a comedic fix with a spinoff featuring criminal lawyer Saul Goodman . The network announced a licensing agreement with Sony Pictures Television for a new series with the working title "  Better Call Saul . " "  Plans call for Saul to be a one-hour prequel that will focus on the evolution of the popular Saul Goodman character before he ever became Walter White 's lawyer , " AMC and Sony said in a joint news release Wednesday . Bob Odenkirk plays the flashy attorney Saul Goodman , who changed his professional name from Saul McGill so clients would think he was Jewish . The title "  criminal lawyer " has extra meaning for Goodman , who often used extra-legal means to help his clients , including "  Breaking Bad " lead character Walter White , a high school chemistry teacher who evolved into a meth manufacturer . "  Hi , I 'm Saul Goodman , " he says in one of his TV commercials . "  Did you know you have rights ? The Constitution says you do and so do I. I believe that until proven guilty , every man , woman and child in this country is innocent and that 's why I fight for you , Albuquerque . " The announcement did not reveal casting or timing for the series . "  Breaking Bad " is in its fifth and final season .	"  Better Call Saul " is working title for "  Breaking Bad " spinoff AMC plans one-hour prequel focusing on the evolution of lawyer Saul Goodman Criminal lawyer Saul Goodman uses extra-legal means to help his client
CNN  -- The Chinese government has barred the country 's airlines from complying with a European Union charge on carbon emissions , escalating a dispute that officials have warned could turn into a trade war . Chinese airlines had previously said they would not pay the EU carbon tax , but the formal prohibition by the State Council , or cabinet , puts Beijing in direct opposition to Brussels . The announcement , published on Monday by Xinhua , the official news agency , comes a week before Chinese and European leaders are to meet at a summit and just days after Wen Jiabao , China 's premier , said Beijing was looking to provide more financial support to help Europe out of its debt mess . The Civil Aviation Administration of China has notified all Chinese airlines that , without government approval , they can not join the EU emissions trading scheme or charge customers extra because of it , Xinhua said . The impact on Chinese airlines with routes to Europe was unclear . Although the EU 's carbon scheme went into effect for airlines on January 1 , Brussels has not started charging them yet . But all airlines using EU airports have been brought into the scheme . Those that do not comply face fines while persistent offenders could be banned from EU airports . "  China hopes that Europe will directly address our concerns , in light of the overall situation of global climate change , the sustainable development of international aviation and Chinese-European relations , " the Chinese aviation authority said . It also said the EU should adopt a "  practical and constructive attitude " to come up with a solution that would be acceptable to both sides . It added what appeared to be a veiled threat : "  China will consider additional measures to protect the interests of our citizens and our companies " . The China Air Transport Association , an industry group , said last year that Beijing might sue the EU over its carbon plan . But the prospect of a legal battle dimmed after the European Court of Justice ruled against a challenge brought by US airlines , saying the carbon trading scheme did not infringe on the sovereignty of other nations . Although the aviation industry only accounts for about 3 per cent of global carbon emissions , its share is growing quickly and the EU believes its carbon trading scheme is an important part of the fight against climate change . Chinese state media have called it a "  trade barrier in the name of environmental protection " and the foreign ministry has upbraided the EU for its "  unilateral " imposition of the carbon scheme . When German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited Beijing last week , Premier Wen said China might contribute more to rescue funds that are aimed at resolving the European debt crisis . Premier Wen is scheduled to meet JosÃ © Manuel Barroso , European Commission president , and other European leaders at a bilateral business summit next week in Beijing .	The Chinese government has barred the country 's airlines from complying with a European Union charge Chinese airlines had previously said they would not pay the EU carbon tax
CNN  -- It was during the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City that Kipchoge Keino announced his arrival on the world stage . The Kenyan athlete was one of the stars of the games as he cruised to victory in the final of the 1,500 Meters , crushing the favorite and then world record holder , America 's Jim Ryun , in the process . "  The third lap I took off and opened a gap - the final lap I was forty meters ahead and they only close to twenty meters , " he says of his now legendary victory . Keino 's Olympic success saw him become a household name across the globe and a hero to people all over Africa . In a glittering career that followed , Keino won 3,000 meter gold in the 1972 Olympics in Munich , Germany , as well as three gold medals in the Commonwealth Games . He was also the first African to run a mile in under four minutes and hold the world records for both the 3,000 and 5,000 meter events . But with his track career now well and truly behind him , the 71 year old now spends his time focusing on his other passions -- namely philanthropy and encouraging Africa 's next generation of star athletes . Shaped by his own experiences as a young child , Keino decided to open an orphanage in Eldoret , Kenya in 1973 . "  My mother died when I was young - 3 years old , " he says . "  I could feel a pinch and a heart for somebody who does n't have parents , so I started the children -LSB- s -RSB- home . " The project was small to begin with but soon expanded to encompass a primary school , a secondary school . Then in 2007 , Keino opened an elite sporting academy with the aim of encouraging talented young Kenyan athletes to reach their full potential . With a lifetime of wisdom and success and behind him , Keino says he hopes his projects will enable him to pass on his experiences to the next generation of Kenyans . Most important of all however , he explains that he hopes to give those in his schools love and confidence , whilst instilling them with a sense of respect for themselves . "  Taking care of those people to be good members of society , to be able to do something , to be able to have a better life like any other children with their parents " is what is most vital , he says . Eoghan Macguire contributed to this story	Kipchoge ` Kip ' Keino is a Kenyan athlete who won gold at the 1968 and 72 Olympics . His success saw him become a hero for people in Kenya and all over the African continent . Keino now spends most of his time invested in his philanthropic projects .
CNN  -- In the last few weeks , the media has been ablaze with news of the government shutdown , the debt limit and health care reform . Missing from most public debate , however , is the cut to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , or SNAP , benefits that will take place on November 1 and will affect every one of the more than 47 million Americans who depend on the program to help meet their basic nutritional needs . When the changes are implemented , everyone enrolled in the SNAP program will see their benefits cut . For example , a family of four that qualifies for the maximum monthly benefit will lose $ 36 a month -- that 's a 5 % reduction . While this may not seem like a lot , I speak from experience when I say $ 36 provides much more than you might think . This past September , I participated in the SNAP challenge . For a week , I stuck to a budget of about $ 1.50 per meal , the average SNAP benefit for one person . It was a tough week . I found myself drained and constantly thinking of food . When the SNAP cuts take effect next week , benefits will average about $ 1.40 per meal . I ca n't imagine the strain this will place on struggling families who are counting every penny and trying to stretch their benefits . Eatocracy : The food stamp challenge Most families do not have enough to make it through the month already -- 90 % of SNAP benefits are redeemed by the third week of the month and 58 % of food bank clients currently receiving SNAP turn to food banks for help at least six months out of the year . The upcoming cuts will result in an increased need for food assistance at food pantries and soup kitchens across the nation when many are already stretched meeting sustained high need in the wake of the recession . At Feeding America , we 're doing everything we can to prepare our network of food banks for the increased demand , but charity alone can not make up for the impending $ 5 billion loss in SNAP funding . The reduced funding will result in the loss of nearly 1.9 billion meals in the next year . That 's more than half of Feeding America 's total projected output for 2014 . The cuts this week are significant and will put a strain on millions of families struggling with food insecurity , hitting them right before the holiday season . Adding to this is the fact that Congress is considering much deeper cuts to SNAP benefits and eligibility restrictions that will affect millions of low-income people as part of the farm bill . In September , the House passed legislation cutting $ 40 billion in SNAP over the next 10 years , according to a Feeding America analysis . Together with this week 's cuts , the pending legislation will result in a loss of nearly 3.4 billion meals for low-income Americans in 2014 alone , according to a Feeding America analysis . These are meals our most vulnerable citizens can not afford to lose , and food banks and other charities simply can not fill that gap . While we can not stop this week 's SNAP cuts , we can prevent further cuts from taking place . Call your member of Congress and tell them not to cut SNAP . Helping our neighbors in need is a fundamental American value , and fighting hunger is a public-private partnership . We need a strong charitable system and a strong federal anti-hunger safety net . Working together , individuals , charities , business and government can solve hunger . Do your part to make sure no one in America goes hungry . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Aiken .	Food stamp benefits will be cut about 5 % starting Nov. 1 Bob Aiken says this will hurt America 's struggling families , and more cuts could come Aiken says food banks wo n't be able to fully take up the slack He says Americans already often use up food stamps and need help from food banks
Madrid  CNN  -- A Spanish judge has again indicted three U.S. soldiers in connection with the death of a Spanish TV cameraman in Iraq in 2003 , according to a court order viewed by CNN Wednesday . The long-running case stems from the death of the cameraman , Jose Couso in Baghdad in 2003 . U.S. troops assaulted the Iraqi capital and directed tank fire against the Palestine Hotel , where journalists covering the war were staying . The three U.S. soldiers were first indicted by the judge in 2007 . The case was closed in 2008 but reopened last year after Couso 's family appealed to Spain 's Supreme Court . The latest indictment , dated Tuesday but made public on Wednesday , alleges that the three U.S. troops were linked to U.S. tank fire directed against the hotel , where Couso was videotaping the battle . He died from his wounds shortly afterward . The three , identified as Philip de Camp , Phillip Wolford and Thomas Gibson , were assigned to the U.S. 3rd Infantry , based in Fort Stewart , Georgia . In addition to Couso , the tank fire on April 8 , 2003 , also killed a Reuters cameraman , Ukrainian-born Taras Protsyuk . National Court Judge Santiago Pedraz issued the latest indictment and also ordered the three soldiers to each post bond of one million euros  $ 1.33 million  within 24 hours or face an embargo order on their assets , the court order said . In addition , the judge placed two senior U.S. officers , identified as Buford Blount and Col. David Perkins , under official investigation in the case , which is a step short of an indictment under Spanish law . Couso 's family and some journalists have blamed the U.S. military , saying they should have known the Palestine Hotel , a tall structure in Baghdad , was a base for journalists , not combatants . Then-U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said American troops fired only after receiving hostile fire from the hotel and the matter received the highest attention , from then-President George W. Bush and then-Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar . Couso 's lawyer has previously said it would be difficult to put the three indicted soldiers -- the tank commander , a sergeant , and a superior officer -- on trial in Spain . The Pentagon , faced with similar charges from other national courts in the past , has not turned over American soldiers . Earlier in the long legal battle , a three-judge panel at the National Court in 2006 ruled that Spain had no jurisdiction in the case . The judges ruled that U.S. troops thought they were firing on Iraqis at the hotel serving as spotters for Iraqi artillery fire aimed at American troops , and that the civilian deaths were not intentional .	NEW : A national court judge ordered the soldiers to post a 1 million euro bond The long-running case stems from the death of a cameraman The three U.S. soldiers were first indicted by the judge in 2007
CNN  -- Science fiction flicks featuring aliens can be a little formulaic : Aliens invade American territory , mass destruction ensues , and nine times out of 10 , Will Smith rides to the rescue A company operative  Sharlto Copley  gets an alien 's attention in "  District 9 . " But the alien-infested "  District 9 , " opening in theaters Friday , takes things in a different direction -- if the producer may say so himself . "  It 's utterly original , " producer Peter Jackson -- yes , "  Lord of the Rings " helmsman Peter Jackson -- told Entertainment Weekly . "  In an industry that 's looking to make movies out of every obscure TV show , or sequels , or video games , you look at ` District 9 ' and it 's unlike anything you 've ever seen , " he said . With its inventive plot and crowd-pleasing special effects , the low-profile , relatively low-budget  $ 30 million , a pittance these days  film was a hit at Comic-Con , creating a buzz before the film 's release . The brainchild of newcomer Neill Blomkamp , "  District 9 " is a mash-up of the director 's love for science fiction with his rearing in an apartheid-divided South Africa . Set and shot in the shantytowns of Johannesburg , the film is a mix of action-movie shock and sociological food for thought . The mayhem begins when an alien spaceship runs out of fuel over South Africa in 1981 , and simply hovers idly in the sky . With no attack forthcoming , officials finally evacuate a group of aliens -- it turns out they 've fled their home world -- and corral them into barbed-wire ghettos , effectively separating the shrimp-like creatures from the human populace . Overseeing the aliens ' camp is the corporation Multi-National United  MNU  . It 's an obvious nod to South Africa 's own violent and divisive history , but director Blomkamp says he is n't aiming for political commentary . "  This is an organic thing that has grown out of me living in South Africa . I did n't want to go , ` Here 's a whole bunch of people that have been oppressed by this apartheid-esque society ' and beat people over the head with it , " he told CNN . "  I wanted to say , ` This is the city I grew up in , and this is what it felt like , ' with a science fiction veneer to it so that it does n't take itself that seriously . " Documentary-like authenticity was of prime importance to Blomkamp , and was the reason for his casting of fellow South African unknown Sharlto Copley as leading man . Copley has no prior acting experience , but critics have lauded his portrayal of Wikus van de Merwe , a private-sector employee who goes from being the oppressor to one of the oppressed after an accidental run-in with some DNA-transforming alien goo . "  Having grown up in South Africa , I was exposed to the tail end of apartheid as a child , -LSB- and -RSB- it 's something I felt I could relate to , " Copley said . "  Playing the character , I saw so clearly how you discriminate . ... The film deals with things that are fundamentally human . " "  District 9 " is also fundamentally a thriller , and there 's no shortage of gory , gritty scenes and clever special effects that will appeal to fans who like a little action with their sci-fi . Indeed , the film has been praised for its masterful use of special effects , weaving the technology seamlessly into the documentary-style scenes . Sometimes the two are in the very same shot , Blomkamp said . "  One of the first shots completed was a motherboard shot , where -LSB- computer-generated imagery -RSB- was incorporated into some of the handheld footage , and it felt like it was working , this idea of handheld stuff with -LSB- CGI -RSB- , " Blomkamp said . "  It set a good tone ; it captured the essence of what I was going for . " Not bad for a 29-year-old novice , who had previously directed short films and commercials . But that body of work was impressive enough to catch the eye of A-list producer Jackson , who originally had Blomkamp in mind for feature version of Halo , the video game . " -LSB- Jackson -RSB- had received all of the crazy short films and commercials I had done , and once I met him and hung out and got familiar with the kind of filmmaking universe he set up down there , he did sign off on me as director of ` Halo , ' " Blomkamp recalled . But , five months into the project , the plug was pulled on "  Halo . " "  Right away , -LSB- Jackson -RSB- said , ` If you want , you can stay in New Zealand and we can just keep the momentum going and allow another film to take place , ' " Blomkamp said . One of Blomkamp 's friends suggested his short film , "  Alive in Jo ` burg , " for feature treatment . Blomkamp ran with the concept , developing it alongside fellow screenwriter Terri Tatchell into "  District 9 . " "  It 's pretty cool , " Blomkamp said . "  I would 've packed my bags and left had -LSB- Jackson -RSB- not said that . " It 's been more than two years since Blomkamp started the project , and though he 's found the experience exhausting , he has quite a final product to show off . "  There is nothing better than to come out the end of that process and have it play in a movie theater , " he said . "  For that first film , I got what I had set out to do , -LSB- and -RSB- that 's a pretty awesome feeling . " CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this story .	"  District 9 " offers sci-fi thrills with food for thought Aliens in South Africa are separated into a township ; apartheid similarities obvious Film made by relative unknowns who bring documentary-style realism to subject
CNN  It has been described as Ben Hur on snow . Twelve horses line up in a start gate but the race is far from conventional . The race track is a snow-covered frozen lake and attached to each horse is a skier . It is akin to human chariot racing as riders hit speeds of 50km/h jostling for position and , ultimately , victory . The sport of skijoring has a long and rich history . And Franco Moro and the Swiss ski resort of St Moritz have been a part of the White Turf event for over three decades . With its often combative nature , it is no wonder Moro likens the sport to the 1959 film starring Charlton Heston . "  Skijoring is just something that people want to see , " he says . "  It 's like Ben Hur on snow , the modern way . I love the speed , the adrenalin rush is something special . It 's just unique . " Skijoring comes from the Norwegian word skikjøring , which literally translates as ski driving , and is thought to date back to the 14th Century . In St Moritz , the sport began in 1906 and was even a display sport at the 1928 Winter Olympics . When it first began , participants set off at one-minute intervals over a 10-kilometer stretch . But after it was switched to a makeshift racecourse , the race now consists of two laps covering a distance of 2,700 meters . There is no doubting the precarious nature of the sport . At one notorious race in 1965 , not a single entrant finished . And at the last race , during the notoriously challenging start where jockeys aim to avoid getting their ropes tangled , Moro says : "  One jockey crashed his head and lost a few minutes with a loss of consciousness . " Some 10,000 people flock to each race in the Swiss Alps , creating a party atmosphere for the only three events of the year held each February . The overall victor is crowned "  King of Engadine , " so called after the valley where the racing takes place . Moro , who has been skijoring for 31 years and has no qualms about nudging horses out of his in a bid for on-track supremacy , was crowned king on Sunday . The 55-year-old could only finish fifth in the third and final race of the three-week series , but two previous wins towed by the horse Dreamspeed proved sufficient for another title . His family ran a horse-carriage business , so skijoring allies one passion with another . His day job is as the director of St Moritz Ski School . And having stumbled on the sport in the first place , he says : "  Skijoring is something you ca n't forget . Maybe we 're a little bit crazy , I do n't know . " There are obvious dangers to the sport , not least wrestling with reins and ropes in a melee of horses and drivers at the start . "  You get very close to the other horses , it 's like a sandwich and it 's a bit dangerous , " he explained . "  You have horses in front and behind and the danger is someone can stand on your ski . " Amazingly , though , Moro has never had a major accident in his time in the sport and is pleased to point out there have been no deaths during his era . Although there have been a litany of injuries to others , "  nothing too bad , broken arms and legs , " he adds matter-of-factly . It 's not just in Switzerland where skijoring has taken hold , variations of the sport can entail people being driven by dogs or even motor vehicles . In the United States , it generally involves jockeyed horses pulling skiers along by a rope -- catching hoops and tackling jumps along the course . For Scott Ping , president of the North American Ski Joring Association , which hosts its own World Championships at the end of January each year in front of 4,000 spectators , the sport almost cost him his life . Ping does not ski -- he rides the horses instead -- but became precariously unstuck while training for one particular competition . "  I was running my horse through ice and snow when it broke through the ground and half a ton of horse came down on me , " he recalled . "  It all happened in slow motion . "  I heard my neck break , I heard it crack like a gun going off . " With his head planted , he could n't move . He was trapped in the snow , with just enough room to breathe in a gap under his chin . He had broken the C1 and C2 vertebrae in his neck and was now alone as his horse headed back to the barn . "  I was getting very anxious that this was where I was going to die , " he said . But eventually he regained sufficient movement in his arm to telephone for help and was in an ambulance 20 minutes later . Two hours later he was moving his toes and , defying the doctors , he was walking within two days . "  The doctor said one tenth of 1 % of people that have that injury live and one tenth of that number walk again . I 'm walking . " Despite the horrific nature of his injuries four years ago he returned to skijoring only to fall again and break eight ribs leading to a longer hiatus from the sport , which ended two years ago . For him , it is a drug he just can not give up : "  It 's a lot of fun , it 's a kick . I do n't think there 's any sport to compare to it . It 's an unusual combination of old cowboys and skiers getting together to make a big run . When I compete , the adrenalin is just unbelievable . " As for the wider appeal , he jokes : "  The silly story is that some guys got together to have a combination of who the best horseman is , the best skier and the best drinker , and this combines all three ! " So what exactly makes a good skijoring competitor ? Moro , who like his fellow riders has to take an exam in order to be eligible to compete , explains : "  First it is experience , and knowing what can happen in a race so you can react when something goes wrong . "  You have to be a very good skier and you have to have the feeling of the horse . You need to be a team . Often these are horses you do n't know so they need to get an immediate confidence from you . " Edging into his 2015 season finale , Moro continues to master that triumvirate in what is perhaps the purest form of horsepower .	Skijoring is akin to human chariot racing as horses tow racers on skis behind them Franco Moro has become the master of the sport in St Moritz , a historic hub for skijoring Scott Ping nearly lost his life competing in the United States after breaking his neck
CNN  -- After thousands of years of civilization , finally India has Crunchwraps . In March , a Taco Bell opened in Bangalore , the first Indian outpost of the chain . About 2,500 people a day have been lining up to try burritos and quesadillas , helped out by employees hired to explain what , exactly , burritos and quesadillas are , according to reports . But Indian customers are n't just ordering the Tex-Mex treats known in the U.S. Yum Foods , Taco Bell 's parent company , came up with a bunch of special menu items designed for local palates : crunchy potato tacos and extra-spicy burritos filled with paneer , the rubbery , fresh Indian cheese . This move is what people in the trade call product localization : customizing what you 're selling to the people you 're selling it to . It 's a crucial strategy in the global fast-food business . American chains are bringing burgers and pizza and chimichangas to Asia , but they are also adapting to their new homes , coming up with hybrid foods that the folks back home do n't hear about . This is nothing new , of course . McDonald 's , which has branches in more than 119 countries , has been customizing its menus for years . Food court city : How where you live affects what you eat Anyone who 's seen "  Pulp Fiction " knows that a McDonald 's Quarter Pounder is called a Royal in France , but it 's not just the names that are different . French visitors to the golden arches can get Le P'tit Moutarde , a smaller-size burger with mustard sauce , and they can pair it with a banana caramel shake . In the Netherlands , McDonald 's serves a McKroket  a fried beef croquette on a bun  ; in Germany , it offers shrimp with cocktail sauce . The 280 Gr . is an Italy-only burger , designed for sophisticated palates -- you can get one with real Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese . There 's a burger on pita bread for the Greek market  the Greek Mac , of course  , and a McKebab for Israel . Naturally , you can get guacamole on your burger in Mexico ; you can also order McMolletes -- refried beans and salsa on an English muffin . Asia is the fastest-growing market for American fast food though , and all the chains trying to find a place there are scrambling to come up with new dishes to please local tastes . Here 's some of what Americans may be missing : India As the Taco Bell honchos undoubtedly know , India is a tricky market for food chains . Hindus do n't eat beef , Muslims do n't eat pork , and a sizable percentage of the country does n't eat meat at all . Fried chicken is a relatively safe bet , and KFC -- another Yum Foods-owned brand -- does a good business in buckets of Colonel Sanders ' original recipe . But it also caters to vegetarians with a veg thali , a vegetable-and-rice mixed plate , and the Chana Snacker , a chickpea burger with Thousand Island dressing . The Indian Subway menu has the same turkey and tuna sandwiches as in U.S. stores , but roast beef is nowhere to be found , and the ham is made of chicken . And at franchises from Chandigarh to Chennai , you can order a chicken tikka sub or one made from roast lamb . When McDonald 's set up shop in India in 1996 , it ditched beef and introduced the Maharaja Mac , originally made with lamb . Chicken patties are used on the sandwich now , but even more popular is the vegetarian McAloo Tikki , a burger made from potatoes and peas . To allay strict dietary concerns , the carnivorous and vegetarian cooking is done separately , by different sets of workers : Those cooking the veggie meals wear green aprons ; people handling meat wear red . The big fast-food success story is Domino 's Pizza , which recently opened its 300th branch in India . It manages to please all tastes and honor all restrictions : There 's a corn and black olive pizza for the vegetarians  the "  Gourmet "  and keema do pyaaza topping -- ground lamb and onions -- for meat eaters . For a true exotic taste , there 's pepperoni : "  100 percent pork pepperoni , " the online menu promises , rather scandalously . China The leading American chain in the Chinese market , KFC , offers plenty of dishes that cater to local tastes . Instead of coleslaw , you can order seasonal vegetables with your chicken : bamboo shoots in spring , lotus root in summer . It also offers a traditional breakfast menu featuring congee -- rice porridge -- served with fried crullers or sesame flatbread for dipping . McDonald 's , on the other hand , sticks mostly with classic sandwiches . After introducing regionally specific items , such as the rice burgers it serves in other Asian countries , and trying to compete with KFC on the chicken front , it found that its Chinese customers preferred to order Western foods . So it played up the burgers , rolling out a suggestive ad campaign with the slogan "  Feel the beef . " But not everything is exactly the same as it is in the States . A version of the Quarter Pounder  called the Big N ' Beefy  is served with cucumbers rather than pickles and comes with a spicier sauce . If you do n't want fries , you can order a corn cup , a side dish that has caught on at other Asian branches . For dessert , you can choose between pineapple or taro root pies . Japan For its Japanese stores , McDonald 's has found that novelty is the way to go , and the company has introduced lots of special menu items . You can pair your Teriyaki McBurger , made from pork , with a bag of Seaweed Shaker fries  add the seaweed powder yourself  . You can get a Croquette Burger or a Bacon Potato Pie . Probably the most distinctively Japanese dish is the Ebi Filet-O , a fried shrimp patty on a bun  "  ebi " means shrimp in Japanese  . McDonald 's helped popularize the dish by signing up model Yuri Ebihara -- nicknamed "  Ebi-chan " -- to do a series of print ads and commercials . A few years back , Pizza Hut Japan introduced the Double Roll , an over-the-top pizza to make all other over-the-top pizzas run away and cower in fear . One half  the "  gourmet half "  was topped with ham , bacon , sausage , tomatoes and garlic . The other half was covered with miniature hamburger patties , soybeans and corn . Sadly , the Double Roll is no longer sold , but that does n't mean Pizza Hut is boring . Your topping choices include tuna , fried squid and spicy Korean-style beef . You also can get the "  Idaho Special " with potato , corn , bacon and mayonnaise . South Korea Dunkin' Donuts has made a big splash in South Korea , popularizing bagels and doughnuts as breakfast treats . Besides the standard American glazed and filled versions , it offers red bean and glutinous rice doughnuts as well as sweet potato muffins and a sesame tofu ring . There are savory fried croquettes filled with lentil curry or kimchi , spicy pickled cabbage . To drink , you can get a hot 12-grain latte , made from roasted barley , brown rice and other grains .	U.S. food chains adjust menus to local tastes in restaurants overseas Asia is the fastest-growing market for American fast food In India , KFC serves a chickpea burger with Thousand Island dressing In Japan , McDonald 's offers a Teriyaki McBurger with Seaweed Shaker fries
CNN  -- Steven Spielberg led the FBI straight to a stolen $ 700,000 Norman Rockwell painting someone snatched from a Missouri gallery . It was in his collection in California . The original of this Norman Rockwell reproduction was found in the collection of Steven Spielberg last year . Spielberg was n't the thief , and he does n't know who took Rockwell 's "  Russian Schoolroom " -- an oil of 16 pupils looking at a bust of Lenin . All the A-list director knows is he paid about $ 200,000 for the 16 x 37 canvas in a legitimate purchase . The FBI says its just one example of how pilfered art lands in respectable places . And it was an uncommon ending for stolen art -- someone found it . Recovering masterpieces happens in less than 5 percent of cases , said Bonnie Magness-Gardiner , the FBI 's Art Theft Program manager . Usually , expensive pieces go missing . No one knows who took them . No one gets prosecuted , and everyone wonders , "  Why steal something you ca n't turn to cash quickly ? " Art thieves do a simple risk versus reward evaluation , said Corine Wegener , associate curator of the Minneapolis Institute of Arts . Thieves know that "  even if they receive only a fraction of the work 's market value , the cash gained was at low risk of death or injury -- museums can be a relatively soft target , " said Wegener , who 's teaching a University of Minnesota class this month on art theft . But it could be years -- or never -- before the thief sees even a small payoff . In 1990 , robbers took $ 300 million worth of certified masterpieces -- among them Rembrandt 's "  Storm on the Sea of Galilee " and Vermeer 's "  The Concert " -- from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston , Massachusetts . No one 's seen them since . On Sunday , robbers made off with one of the biggest art hauls in European history , grabbing four paintings worth an estimated $ 163 million from the E.G. Buehrle Collection in Zurich , Switzerland . They took works by Paul Cezanne , Edgar Degas , Claude Monet and Vincent van Gogh . See what robbers grabbed in Switzerland " "  These paintings are extremely valuable on the open market , but they 'll never go onto the open market . So at the same time they 're both priceless and worthless , " said Charles Hill , the former chief of Scotland Yard 's art and antiques unit . "  Some thieves may buy into the myth that a wealthy but unscrupulous collector will contact them and offer to take the art off their hands , " Wegener said . "  When this does n't happen , the thieves often try to ransom the art back to the museum or the insurance company . " One London art dealer , who said he has handled stolen works , told CNN on condition of anonymity that an insurance company would rather get art back at a fraction of its original price than pay the owner its insured value . Watch how art thieves operate " Ransoming art to an insurance company through an intermediary adds "  up to 10 percent of the market value , which ... given the art market , is quite a lot of money , " the dealer said . David Vuillaume , secretary general of the Swiss Museums Association , told Time magazine that ransom may be what the thieves behind the Swiss heist want . "  We are thinking that maybe in a week or two there will be a ransom demand . But we just have to wait and see , " Time quoted him as saying . The museum has offered $ 90,000 reward for information leading to their recovery , Time reported . Options for art thieves Julian Radcliffe , chairman of the Art Loss Register , which operates a database to help recover lost and stolen art , said ransom or reward are unlikely to bring results . "  It is very seldom that people have been able to undertake a ransom , " he said . "  This gang might think that a reward has been offered , and that they 'll get the reward . " But in fact , "  the reward wo n't be paid unless someone is arrested , or there is proper criminal intelligence , " and that 's unlikely to happen , Radcliffe said . He said the thieves may just be patient , willing to get their payoff decades later . Or the art may move through an underground network , gradually increasing in value , before being slipped back onto the legitimate market . Take Spielberg . He bought "  Schoolroom " in an above-the-board transaction . "  Usually , these pictures will change hands in the criminal underworld at a fraction -- 1 percent or less -- of their true market value , " Radcliffe said , before someone tries to get them back into the international market . In such an effort , the seller may hope the work has been forgotten over time or they may disguise it as a copy or student re-creation . "  They may try and sell them not as being by Degas , but as being a copy , or school , or by a follower of one of the great artists . And that is the ways in which they try and get them on the market , " Radcliffe said . The original thieves rarely face justice , the FBI 's Magness-Gardiner said . "  The stolen items turn up years , sometimes decades , after the theft , " she said . "  Because a work of art does not require a title document in order to be transferred from one owner to another , a stolen object easily enters the legitimate stream of commerce . "  It is impossible to trace them back to the original thief in most cases . Even if the original thief can be identified , there is also a statute of limitations on prosecution for theft , " Magness-Gardiner said . What happens to stolen art ? Even if the art is recovered , original owners may not get it back . While museum pieces are likely to go back to their collections , private owners may not be so lucky . "  Russian Schoolroom " remains in Spielberg 's possession while courts determine the rightful owner , a spokesman for the director said . But art stolen from a Los Angeles mansion and sold in Sweden remains with its Swedish purchasers , according to a case file posted on the Web site of the Los Angeles Police Department 's Art Theft Detail . Even though the thief was caught , "  the Swedish government refused to return the paintings , claiming that according to Swedish law , the auction buyers had purchased the paintings in good faith , " according to the Web site . In the case of Rockwell 's "  Russian Schoolroom , " someone took it from a gallery in Clayton , Missouri , a St. Louis suburb , in 1973 , according to an FBI synopsis of the case . In 2004 , The FBI 's Art Crime Team found out that the piece had been for sale at a New York Rockwell exhibition 15 years earlier and posted a picture and description of the painting on its art recovery Web site . Spielberg 's staff learned of the search and told the FBI that Spielberg had it in his collection in Los Angeles . He had purchased it from a legitimate dealer in 1989 , an FBI press release said . The agency also determined the painting was auctioned in New Orleans in 1988 , but it has yet to determine who took the painting or its whereabouts from 1973 to 1988 . Whoever took "  Russian Schoolroom " from the suburban St. Louis gallery in 1973 , or the masterpieces from the Boston museum 1980 , or the works lifted in Zurich this week , should n't be mistaken for a high-society , tuxedo-wearing , "  Thomas Crown Affair " kind of thief , Radcliffe said . "  These people are the worst sort of criminal . They are just like the criminals who traffic individuals or sell children , or murder . "  They are thoroughly unpleasant people . There is no romanticism in anyway that should be connected to it . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Teresa Martini contributed to this report .	Stolen art can be lost for decades Soft targets like museums entice thieves , experts say Stolen Rockwell found in Steven Spielberg 's collection decades after theft Nothing glamorous about art thieves , expert says
CNN  -- Thirteen people have died from consuming bacteria-tainted cantaloupe in what has become the most fatal U.S. outbreak of a food-borne illness since 1998 , according to records from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The outbreak -- blamed on the bacteria Listeria monocytogenes -- was first reported September 12 , when the CDC said 15 people in four states had been infected . The illnesses were traced to consumption of Rocky Ford cantaloupes grown at Jensen Farms ' fields in Granada , Colorado . As of Monday morning , it had grown to 18 states , 72 illnesses and 13 deaths , according to the CDC 's latest statistics . In 1998 , 21 people died from consuming tainted hot dogs , according to a CDC database . In the current outbreak , four people who ate contaminated cantaloupes died in New Mexico , two each in Colorado and Texas , and one each in Kansas , Maryland , Missouri , Nebraska , and Oklahoma . Public health officials also have reported illnesses in California , Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Montana , North Dakota , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . On September 14 , Jensen Farms voluntarily recalled Rocky Ford whole cantaloupes shipped between July 29 and September 10 . The cantaloupes were distributed in 17 states -- Illinois , Wyoming , Tennessee , Utah , Texas , Colorado , Minnesota , Kansas , New Mexico , North Carolina , Missouri , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Arizona , New Jersey , New York and Pennsylvania . The cantaloupes also were exported , and while the CDC did not name the affected countries , it said they had been notified of the recall . The cantaloupes may bear a green-and-white sticker that reads : Product of USA-Frontera Produce-Colorado Fresh-Rocky Ford-Cantaloupe , or a gray , yellow , and green sticker that says : Jensen Farms-Sweet Rocky Fords . Many of the cantaloupes , however , will not have a label , said CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden . He urged consumers either to check for a label or ask the supermarket where the cantaloupes originated . "  If they ca n't confirm that it 's not Jensen Farms , then it 's best to throw it out , " Frieden said . Affected cantaloupes can still pose a danger if refrigerated , he said , because Listeria can grow even at low temperatures . Listeria also can take three weeks or longer to make a person sick , so more cases may emerge in the coming weeks , he said . Frieden said anyone who has eaten cantaloupe and now has flu-like symptoms , including fever , should see a doctor . Those who are older , pregnant , or have an underlying condition such as cancer should also consult their physician if they have eaten the fruit . Jensen Farms has now ended its cantaloupe harvest for the season , so no new contaminated melons will be entering the market , said Commissioner Margaret Hamburg of the Food and Drug Administration . The short two-week shelf-life of the fruit means any contaminated cantaloupes are being removed from store shelves anyway , Frieden said . "  Jensen Farms continues to stay committed to the highest levels of food safety and maintains many third-party safety audits , as we have for many years , " said Ryan Jensen , a partner at Jensen Farms . "  We continually look for ways to enhance our protocol . " Frontera Produce , the supplier , issued a statement September 14 saying it was "  working with FDA and state health officials to determine where along the supply chain the Listeria contamination may have occurred . " The 1998 outbreak in tainted hotdogs sickened 101 people and left 21 dead , according to the CDC 's Foodborne Outbreak Online Database . Listeriosis causes fever , muscle aches , diarrhea and other gastrointestinal symptoms . It is rarely a serious concern for healthy children and adults , according to the CDC , but it is particularly dangerous for older adults , people with weakened immune systems and pregnant women , in whom it can cause miscarriages , stillbirth and premature delivery , or bring on a life-threatening infection in a newborn . About 1,600 people become seriously ill because of the bacteria each year , the CDC reports , and about 260 die . Four families affected by the outbreak have filed lawsuits , said attorney Bill Marler , who is representing them . The suits include two in Colorado , one in Texas and one in Oklahoma . A fifth will be filed this week in Maryland , Marler said . The cases in Oklahoma and Maryland involve relatives of people who have died in the outbreak , Marler said . The other cases involve people who have been sickened . At least 10 other people have retained Marler 's firm , he said . Jensen Farms and Frontera Produce are listed as the defendants in the lawsuits . An attorney for Jensen Farms and an official with Frontera Produce did not immediately return calls from CNN for comment Wednesday . Marler said the opportunity to "  put people under oath and have subpoena power " allows information to come to light about how such an outbreak happens . The CDC 's Frieden said that because of budget reductions in the past two years , 44,000 fewer people are working at state and local health agencies , which means it can take more time to identify an outbreak . Marler said he expects a court in Colorado to issue an order within days allowing his legal team to go onto the farm and the processing facility . "  My obligation is to try to figure out a way to compensate people who have gone through what these people have gone through , " he said .	NEW : The CDC warns consumers to throw out suspect fruit and watch for illnesses Tainted cantaloupes are linked to 13 deaths ; 72 illnesses have been reported in 18 states The illnesses are linked to Rocky Ford cantaloupes grown at Jensen Farms in Colorado 4 families affected have filed lawsuits
Editor 's note : Katrina Browne is the producer/director of "  Traces of the Trade : A Story from the Deep North . " The documentary , which was broadcast in 2008 by PBS as part of its POV series , has been nominated for an Emmy for research . For more information , see http://www.tracesofthetrade.org/ . Katrina Browne , at Cape Coast Castle in Ghana , says the U.S. needs to reckon with the damage caused by slavery . CNN  -- The Senate voted to apologize for slavery on June 18 . The House apologized last summer . The first family -- descendants of Africans , of enslaved Africans and of slave-holders -- visited a slave fort in Ghana . These were historic occasions , and they occasioned the kind of hue and cry that always accompany the subject of slavery and whether we still need to reckon with it . I believe we do need more reckoning , and a little more love and a little more logic would help that process . Logic first : There 's this quasi-math problem in which things do n't add up . Many African-Americans naturally feel as if there is unfinished business from the past , while many European-Americans  and others  do n't think they should inherit burdens from a past not of their making . So there 's this generational equation to be worked out , and it will take big hearts , eager hearts , to do so . The calculation is a bit easier for me at first glance . I 'm the seventh-generation descendant of the worst slave traders in American history . I found out from my grandmother when she was 88 and I was 28 , a few years before she died . Over three generations , from 1769 to 1820 , the DeWolfs brought more Africans to the Americas than any other family . They conducted the trade from Rhode Island , the "  largest " slave trading state , contrary to what most of us would expect . It 's natural for me to feel a particular burden . I was n't the perpetrator , I did n't inherit money from the slave trade , but I gained so much through the accident of birth : material comfort , education , access , a sense of entitlement . A look at the other branches of my family tree makes it more complicated . I have ancestors who were here during slavery but , as far as I know , did n't own slaves , and I 'm also the descendant of Irish immigrants who came to work in factories in New Jersey in the late 1800s . What I 've learned is that this ancestry is not exempt either : • Slavery was not just a Southern but also a Northern institution . Northerners , including the "  middling " classes , owned slaves for over two centuries ; they dominated the slave trade  which included ship-building , producing trade goods , regular folks buying shares in slave ships , etc.  ; they fueled industrialization with slave-picked cotton . From workers to the wealthy , everyone was part of the slave-based economy , even if just as consumers . • Slavery benefited immigrant families , even after the Civil War . Millions of Europeans flocked to the "  land of opportunity " for jobs in a booming economy built largely on unpaid labor . Immigrants struggled when they arrived but then found routes to prosperity closed to African-Americans for a century after slavery as a result of official and unofficial segregation . Within two to three generations , my Irish ancestors were solidly middle-class , not because they worked harder than African-Americans but because they were white . They worked hard , and the system worked for them : home loans , home values that rose in white neighborhoods and not in black ones , college loans , access to better-paid jobs ... it all added up . So I ca n't help but conclude that slavery was central to building this nation , paving the way for so many , at the expense of so many . It was a national institution , not a Southern fluke or a sin of the wealthy few . As white Americans today , we can be proud that we do n't have the prejudices of our forefathers , but we 've inherited various blind spots and head starts , and it takes more than a couple of generations post-civil rights and affirmative action to create the level playing field we extol . Understanding this history makes me more committed to being part of the solution . Now , the love song . We do n't usually talk about civic love . Rousseau did . He thought it was an extension of the biblical call to love one 's neighbor as oneself . It was his definition of patriotism : a love of self that extended to love of fellow citizen , all of which created a national glue of commitment to the public good . It seems to be in short supply when the debate turns to black/white issues . If love sounds extreme , then how about real empathy , or maybe even tenderness ? My ancestors came to purchase human cargo at the same slave fort , Cape Coast Castle , that the Obama family visited last month in Ghana . When I was there , in those dungeons , empathy overcame me , and my personal feelings of defensiveness suddenly seemed so petty . It now feels really natural to want to express regret -- not an apology  that 's for institutions ; Congress was right to step forward  but deep regret and sadness about what happened , fellow citizen to fellow citizen . I try to imagine what it would be like if we went so far as to extend tenderness toward each other . We could actually all use more of it when we 're talking about race , racism and anything to do with slavery . Instead , we are full of protestations , distrust , dismissiveness , resentments . For those of us who are white , what 's the resistance really about ? It may be , at core , that we do n't want to feel guilty or blamed or responsible for the outrage of slavery . I did n't . But here 's the funny thing : While we white Americans are busy establishing our innocence , it turns out that many black Americans are not personally angry at us for slavery . Many do want authentic acknowledgement of what happened , but not for the sake of guilt-tripping . I 've witnessed a generosity of spirit that I have been humbled by . Meanwhile , many African-Americans are upset about the disparate outcomes that persist and want to see everyone step up to address them . There are so many lingering "  structural inequalities , " as President Obama put it -- ones without clear racist villains but that are embedded , like the fact that schools are funded with property taxes , so poor black neighborhoods , the legacy of earlier eras of discrimination , are not able to fund the quality schools that we say all our children deserve . From the wealth gap to the health gap to the education gap , let 's explore how the dots connect from the past to the present and commit to finding solutions that should be race-neutral at times and at other moments should be race-sensitive . I have this image of us all coming up shoulder to shoulder on the same team , as fellow citizens . Not facing off against each other but looking the same way , facing the shared challenge : the legacy of this painful history . The past is not of our making , but it has shaped us indelibly , and we have the power to make things right , together , today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Katrina Browne .	Katrina Browne : House and Senate have apologized for slavery She says slavery benefited the North as well as the South Slavery created enduring disparities in society and economy , she says Browne : Empathy and effort can address the legacy of slavery
CNN  "  Go , go , go ! " There 's no need for the driving instructor to repeat his brief command when the go pedal in question is attached to a ravishing red Ferrari F430 with a majestic exhaust note . Swinging onto a four-lane highway just outside Ferrari 's Maranello headquarters in Italy , there 's the heady sensation of accelerating through the gears as the big V8 engine barks and crackles in response . But up ahead of us , a police car in the slow lane brings our rapid progress back down to a more leisurely speed . No matter -- there 's a chance to repeat the experience a couple more times during the drive . It 's all part of the experience in Italy 's "  Motor Valley , " an area that runs broadly between the towns of Modena , Maranello and Bologna , and encompasses the museums , showrooms and factories of such supercar names as Ferrari , Maserati , Lamborghini and Pagani , plus Ducati for motorbike enthusiasts . This is the place for anyone whose engine is fired by new high-performance sports cars with bodies by Zagato , Bertone and Pininfarina . In Maranello , it 's a case of pay your money and take a drive in your pick of red Ferraris : F430 , California T , F458 , F599 and F12 Berlinetta . That 's 100 euros  $ 125  for 20 minutes in the F430 , 350 euros for 60 minutes in the California or 1,500 euros for two hours in the F12 . And there are Lamborghini and Maserati options for those looking beyond a Ferrari . ` California Dreaming ' Most people come to Maranello to visit the Museo Ferrari  Via Dino Ferrari , 43 , Maranello ; +39 0536 949713  a red-on-red extravaganza of F1 grand prix cars , sports racers from the 1950s through to the 1970s , unique concept cars and up-to-the-minute Ferrari models such as the FF and LaFerrari . The current exhibition on the theme "  California Dreaming " has rooms devoted to Ferrari 's involvement in Hollywood , Los Angeles , the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance and Silicon Valley technology . Apart from viewing the fabulous car collection , there 's the opportunity to try an F1 simulator or become part of a tire-change pit crew racing against the clock . Buying a combined ticket at Maranello also gives entry to Modena 's Museo Enzo Ferrari  Modena , Via Paolo Ferrari , 85 , Modena ; + 39 059 4397979  , a yellow turtle-shaped building that tells the life story of the Ferrari founder through a marvelous collection of the cars he drove and created . This museum is , until January 2015 , given over to an exhibition of 100 years of Maserati  the Fiat Chrysler Automobiles group now owns both Ferrari and Maserati  , featuring 21 classic vehicles that include the 1932 V4 Sport Zagato , a 1955 300 S sports racer and a 2006 MC12 GT1 . Next door to the museum is the house where Enzo Ferrari was born . While the Maserati exhibition is on , the ground floor of the house is hosting such notable vehicles as the first car to bear the Ferrari name -- the 1947 125 S -- plus a 1952 500 F2 single-seat racer and a 1954 750 Monza . For Maserati devotees , there are an equally impressive range of cars at the privately-owned Umberto Panini Collection  Hombre dairy farm , Via Corletto Sud 320 , 41100 Modena ; +39 059 510660  , housed on the Hombre organic dairy farm on the outskirts of Modena . This was part of the original Maserati Museum collection that was to be sold at auction in London at the end of 1996 , before the Panini family stepped in to ensure the cars stayed in Italy . It includes such rarities as a 1936 6 CM , a 1934 6 C , a 1953 A6 GCS Berlinetta , Type 61 and Type 63 Birdcage sports racers and the 1990 Chubasco prototype , along with the 1958 402M El Dorado that Stirling Moss raced at Monza . Cars and cheese There 's an extra incentive to visit this free museum : the chance to buy some of its distinctive Parmigiano Reggiano cheese Two museums cater to Lamborghini lovers : Museo Lamborghini  Via Modena , 12 , Sant ` Agata Bolognese ; +39 051 6817 .611  at the company 's Sant ` Agata Bolognese factory midway between Modena and Bologna , and the family-owned Ferruccio Lamborghini Museo at Funo , a little to the north of Bologna . With Lamborghini now part of the Volkswagen group , its factory museum has an outstanding range of vehicles on display . These include the first production 350 GT , and such recent creations as the 2010 Sesto Elemento  Sixth Element  lightweight track car and the 2013 Egoista single seater that 's based on a Gallardo but takes its design cues -- canopy style door and a body made of anti-radar material -- from either a jet fighter or an Apache attack helicopter , depending on your perspective . Right behind the Sesto Elemento sits a police highway patrol Gallardo . Classic early Lamborghini models on display include the 1996 Miura  and its 2006 reinterpretation  , the Countach , Jalpa and Diablo . The Ferruccio Lamborghini museum  Ferrucio Lamborghini Museo : Via Galliera n. 319/F , Funo di Argelato , Bologna ; +39 051 86 26 28  displays more of the industrialist family 's beginnings in tractors , but includes a replica of the 1963 Lamborghini GTV prototype , examples of the Miura , Countach , Espada , Diablo and military SUVs , plus Lamborghini-powered offshore racing boats and the TownLife microcar created by Ferruccio 's son Tonino . At San Cesario sul Panaro , near the town of Castelfranco Emilia on the Modena-Bologna rail line , supercar newcomer Pagani has a showroom  Via dell ` Artigianato , 5 , Vill . La Graziosa , San Cesario sul Panaro ; +39 059 4739201  with examples of its Huayra and Zonda models on display . Power , passion , performance By arrangement , it 's possible to join a tour of the Pagani factory . For those with the time , there are two more destinations in Italy for car lovers . There 's Brescia , home of the Museo Mille Miglia  Museo Mille Miglia , Brescia : Viale della Bornata , 123 Eufemia , Brescia ; + 39 030 336 5631  that celebrates the history of the 1,000-mile road race that ran from Brescia to Rome and back between 1927 and 1957 , and Turin , where the National Automobile Museum  Corso Unità d'Italia 40 , Turin ; +39 11 677666 / 7/8   has reopened after a lengthy renovation . As befits Italy 's premier car museum , Turin is a tour de force of automotive history and creativity : 160 models from 80 different makers , thematically arranged to cover design , production , sporting achievements and technological change . From the first car to appear on Italian roads  the 1892 Peugeot Type 3  to the 1907 Itala 35/45 HP that won the 1907 Peking-Paris race , through to the 1948 Cisitalia 202 "  rolling sculpture , " the 1952 Alfa Romeo Disco Volante  Flying Saucer  and the latest Vittoria concept car , this is a masterful collection . There 's a bonus on Sundays , the one day of the week when Fiat opens its free Centro Storico  Historical Center  on Via Gabriele Chiabrera  Via Gabriele Chiabrera , 20 , Turin ; +39 011 006 6240  . The center is home to a fascinating collection of cars , trains , planes , tractors , model ships and advertising memorabilia . Cars on display include the first 3.5 HP Fiat , the monstrous 1924 land speed record holder Mefistofele , classics such as the 1929 Fiat 525 SS -- rated one of the most beautiful vehicles of its era -- and the post-war Fiat 8V and Fiat 1100 S Mille Miglia . For enthusiasts enamored of the power , passion , performance and panache of Italian motoring , these eight museums well and truly deliver on their promise . Buon viaggio ! Getting behind the wheel Several companies in Maranello offer Ferrari driving packages : www.ilovemaranello.com www.pitlaneredpassion.com www.pushstart.it/en Freelance journalist and classic car enthusiast Geoff Hiscock is a former Asia business editor for CNN.com . He writes about food , water and energy issues . His latest book is "  Earth Wars : The Battle for Global Resources . "	Italy 's "  Motor Valley " links towns of Modena , Maranello and Bologna , includes numerous sports car museums In Maranello , the Museo Ferrari is an extravaganza of F1 grand prix cars and vintage sports racers The privately-owned Umberto Panini Collection houses numerous Maseratis and sells its own cheese
CNN  -- Jim Carrey 's "  Kick-Ass 2 " co-stars may accept his decision not to support their film because of its intense violence , but that 's not to say they agree with him . Returning stars Aaron Taylor-Johnson , ChloÃ "  Grace Moretz and Christopher Mintz-Plasse , who were all in 2010 's "  Kick-Ass , " told CNN that they view the story of everyday citizens who create superhero alter egos to fight crime as a form of escapism rather than an encouragement to behave the same way . "  Here 's the thing : you know , it 's a movie , " said Moretz , 16 . "  I think if you are the type of person who 's going to be affected by a movie , you should n't go see anything . You should n't go see a princess movie because then you 're going to think you 're a princess ! ... I make movies for fun . And I think movies are for people to escape and to see stuff that is completely unrealistic . " Like its predecessor , the sequel 's adapted from the graphic novels by Mark Millar , who 's said that while his work lives up to its title , it 's meant to be pure entertainment . For Carrey , though , the debate is a matter of conscience . "  I did Kickass a month b4 Sandy Hook and now in all good conscience I can not support that level of violence , " he tweeted in June . "  M  y apologies to others involve with the film . I am not ashamed of it but recent events have caused a change in my heart . " "  I think with all the tragedies that happened  in the past  year with the movie theater shooting , and Sandy Hook , and all that stuff ... he had to step back and he 's like , ' I ca n't promote this movie , it 's not in my heart . ' And I respect that opinion , " Mintz-Plasse told CNN of Carrey 's announcement . "  I see movies as a kind of escape to get away from the real world for a couple hours . But I do n't know what kind of people are out there . Like chemically imbalanced in their minds , you know , what they think , what inspires them . " Portraying a teen character named Hit-Girl , Moretz said she always thinks about how her job can impact society , but the answer to her is a separation of fact from fiction . "  I 'm not playing myself , you know ? And as Chloe , I would never in a million years do it , and I know that difference , " Moretz said . "  Even when I was 11 , I knew that difference . " The reality , said Taylor-Johnson , who plays the titular Kick-Ass , is that moviegoers buying tickets for an R-rated film are going to have certain expectations -- even from Carrey 's new character , Col. Stars and Stripes . "  Jim brings such a fantastic element to this movie . The same kind of mad kookiness that  Nicolas  Cage did in the first  ` Kick-Ass '  , " Taylor-Johnson said . "  That 's kind of what ` Kick-Ass ' is , it 's so off the wall . But the violence is all comic book violence , and it 's a fictional piece . I think that 's what people are expecting to see -- it 's an R-rated movie . " For the fans who are anticipating the same tone as the first film , Taylor-Johnson promises they 've kept that level of darkness in tact . "  At the end of the day , it 's entertainment , " he said . "  This is even darker . ... I think there 's so much packed in that they 're not going to come out going , ` Aw , I wish I saw her do this or do that . ' They 're going to be like , ` Oh my God , ' what ?! ' Just processing it all is going to take a couple days . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Some of the stars from ` Kick-Ass 2 ' have reacted to Jim Carrey 's stance The actor said he ca n't support the film because of its violence His co-stars , however , say viewers should understand that it 's R-rated entertainment
CNN  -- While tragedy envelops the families of the injured and dead in New York 's Metro North train derailment , the train 's operator could be facing a crisis of his own from criminal charges , if compelling evidence supports them . Although such charges are difficult to prove in accident cases , this one may prove to be an exception to the rule . It is the kind of high-profile case involving multiple deaths and many injuries that will undoubtedly attract the careful scrutiny of the prosecutor in charge : Bronx District Attorney Robert Johnson . Even at this early stage of the investigation , it would appear that a determined prosecutor could find adequate evidence to support an indictment . New York 's Gov. Andrew Cuomo , a former prosecutor himself , made it clear he believes law enforcement will look into the engineer 's actions , and that the derailment was related to "  excessive speed and reckless handling of the train . " He focused on the investigators ' assessment that the train was traveling at least 82 mph through a sharp "  deadman 's curve , " which requires a speed of 30 mph for the safety of the train and its passengers . "  I would n't be surprised if criminal agencies looked into the facts of the matter once they 're fully developed , " Cuomo said . Should these facts prove to be accurate , the framework of a criminally negligent homicide prosecution begins to emerge from the twisted rubble on the Hudson River . Under New York law , criminally negligent homicide can be charged in cases where death is caused by acts of grossly negligent or reckless conduct . New York characterizes these charges as criminally negligent homicide , manslaughter or "  depraved indifference murder , " depending on the particular facts and circumstances of the case . The penalty for these crimes increases exponentially as the degree of negligence escalates to killing with "  depraved indifference " to human life . The depraved indifference murder charge carries essentially the same penalty as a deliberate and intentional murder , usually known as "  Murder One " in other states . Unlike civil cases , in which the only penalty is the award of money damages , criminal liability for a homicide based on gross negligence , recklessness or "  depraved indifference , " can result in substantial prison sentences , ranging from a year-and-a-half to life . For this reason , the standard or proof required to prove such charges is quite rigorous . Certainly operating a commuter train at such an excessive speed would easily constitute either reckless or grossly negligent conduct . Historically , New York courts have required more than a single act of negligent conduct before upholding a very serious charge like criminally negligent homicide . In most cases in which the charge of criminal negligence or recklessness is upheld by appellate courts , a defendant must exhibit at least two forms of negligent conduct in the commission of the crime . For example , in drunken driving prosecutions for criminally negligent homicide , cases are often based on the claim that the defendant was not only drunk but was also speeding or ignoring other traffic laws when the person was killed .  In Mr. Rockefeller 's case , blood tests for alcohol were negative . But it 's possible that the prosecution could meet this high standard if investigators find evidence that Mr. Rockefeller was not only speeding at 82 mph when entering the dangerous curve , but was also operating a train while inattentive or impaired . That is similar to running a red light or a stop sign because of inattention -- the law does not grant a waiver for the failure to perceive an obvious risk . His own lawyer 's surprising admission that Mr. Rockefeller was driving a train while dazed or "  zoned out " could constitute yet another form of gross negligence -- at the first sign of such a condition , prosecutors will argue , a reasonable person exercising due care for the safety of his passengers would have stopped the train and radioed for assistance . Even if the engineer avoids a criminal indictment , he will most certainly be involved as a witness or a party in many civil lawsuits filed by the victims and their families . Both he and Metro North officials will have to fight claims of negligence in the training and monitoring of railroad personnel . They will also have explain to the families of those whose loved ones perished on a routine commute to New York City why this happened when technology has long existed to stop an out of control locomotive from speeding into a dangerous curve . Rockefeller 's real worries , however , should be focused on possible criminal charges . In November of 1992 , 39-year-old New York Subway motorman , Robert Ray , was sentenced to 5 to 15 years in prison for the reckless manslaughter of five subway passengers in a derailment caused by speeding . He was drunk , however , and had walked away from the accident . He served 10 years . A robbery suspect who ran over a nun while fleeing police in a minivan was convicted of murder in yet another example of reckless homicide while operating a vehicle in New York . The National Transportation Board 's findings are not yet in . But if the investigation finds the accident was not related to track conditions or a terrible mechanical problem , but was because of human error , the defense will have to prove the existence of something that struck him suddenly and unexpectedly -- or Mr. Rockefeller could soon be traveling "  up the river " in handcuffs toward a new residence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Callan .	Paul Callan : Train operator could face charges if evidence supports criminal negligence Callan : Criminally negligent homicide very difficult to prove , but possible in this case Callan : Grounds seem adequate to seek an indictment against train engineer Rockefeller Gov. Cuomo says tragedy related to "  excessive speed and reckless handling of the train "
CNN  -- Gunmen killed three police officers in Acapulco , Mexico , early Monday morning in attacks on two police stations , the state news agency Notimex reported . Suspected gang members are handcuffed after a gunbattle in Acapulco , Mexico , on Saturday . The attacks came two days after a ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead , including two soldiers . Mexican soldiers , in trucks and helicopters kept watch over the resort town Monday . Along with swine flu fears , the uptick in violence threatens the tourist economy of Acapulco and other popular resort areas . Witnesses told police that just before 6 a.m. , gunmen armed with AK-47s stepped out of two luxury vehicles , walked toward the police station in the Ciudad Renacimiento neighborhood and began shooting . Acapulco officers Gilberto Reducindo Salazar and Arturo Tonala Aguilar were killed in that incident , according to Notimex . Shortly afterward , at a second local police station , attackers fatally wounded officer Andres Guzman Casiano , Notimex said . A fourth officer was injured . The Guerrero attorney general 's office said the attacks could have been conducted by the same people , as there was a 30-minute gap between them , the state agency reported . It was unknown whether the attacks were connected with Saturday 's shootout , which started when soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco on an anonymous tip . They were met by gunfire , according to a statement from Mexico 's Ministry of Defense . Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout . Sixteen gunmen and two soldiers were killed , and nine soldiers were wounded , the statement said . After that incident , authorities seized 36 large-caliber weapons , 13 small-caliber weapons , two grenade launchers , 13 fragmentation grenades , 3,525 rounds of various caliber ammunition , 180 charges and eight vehicles , the ministry said .	Attacks came 2 days after ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead 2 soldiers , 16 suspected gang members killed ; 9 soldiers wounded Saturday Five people arrested in connection with shootout ; authorities seize weapons Mexican soldiers , in trucks and helicopters kept watch over Acapulco on Monday
EW.com  -- In a surprisingly close race , "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 " held on to its box-office crown Friday by grossing $ 20.8 million , according to early estimates . That 's a 66 percent drop from the fantasy film 's opening last Friday , which was inflated due to an enormous turnout at Thursday midnight screenings . If "  Deathly Hallows " follows the Thanksgiving trajectory of "  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire " -- the last Potter film to open in November -- the PG-13 movie should finish the weekend with about $ 50 million . That would bring "  Deathly Hallows ' " 10-day tally to $ 220 million , making it the 10th greatest 10-day gross in box-office history and the best ever for a Potter flick . But Friday was n't only a celebration for wizards , as Disney 's animated musical "  Tangled " came in close behind with $ 19.7 million . The PG movie , which debuted Wednesday , has grossed $ 39.7 million so far , and has a shot at overtaking "  Deathly Hallows " for the three-day weekend . If that happens , it 'd be due to one reason : incredible word-of-mouth . CinemaScore audiences rated the fairy-tale film an "  A + " -- the first movie this year to garner the rare grade . Even more impressive is the fact that while moviegoers under the age of 25 rated "  Tangled " an "  A , " those over the age of 25 gave it an "  A + . " Clearly this retelling of Rapunzel is delivering for all age groups , and when that happens , watch out . "  Tangled " is on pace to finish second this weekend with about $ 47 million , but again , it could very well upset Potter for first place . Seems the lesson here is : Never underestimate a woman with ridiculously long hair . The next five films are fairly clumped together , and their positions could swap by Sunday night . DreamWorks Animation 's "  Megamind " came in third on Friday , grossing $ 5.3 million for an actual increase of 41 percent from last week . In fourth place was the action thriller "  Unstoppable , " which gained 13 percent from last week for $ 4.6 million . After that were this week 's three other new releases . The Cher-Christina Aguilera musical "  Burlesque " fared best , bringing in $ 4.5 million on Friday . Despite mediocre reviews , audiences liked the PG-13 film -- CinemaScore moviegoers graded it an "  A - . " . The R-rated romantic comedy "  Love and Other Drugs , " starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway , was next in sixth place with $ 3.8 million . And "  Faster , " Dwayne Johnson 's return to the action genre , rounded out the top seven with $ 3.2 million . 1 . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 -- $ 20.8 mil 2 . Tangled -- $ 19.7 mil 3 . Megamind -- $ 5.3 mil 4 . Unstoppable -- $ 4.6 mil 5 . Burlesque -- $ 4.5 mil 6 . Love and Other Drugs -- $ 3.8 mil 7 . Faster -- $ 3.2 mil CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Deathly Hallows " grossed $ 20.8 million , a 66 percent drop from last Friday 's opening "  Tangled , " which scored an "  A + " from CinemaScore , came in second with $ 19.7 million No other movies grossed more than $ 6 million this weekend "  Unstoppable " gained 13 percent from last week with $ 4.6 million
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Democratic leaders are putting together a second economic stimulus package that could cost as much as $ 150 billion , according to Democratic leadership aides . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has said the economic crisis may warrant a $ 150 billion stimulus package . The aides said Democrats are likely to call Congress back shortly after the election to vote on the measure . The details are still in flux , but one aide said the price tag would be "  somewhat north of $ 100 billion " and would include "  a heavy emphasis on help to state and local governments . " One way to help states would be to fund the mandatory state match for Medicaid programs so that states would not have to slash education and other programs to cover it . Before Congress recessed last week for the election , the House of Representatives passed economic aid measures totaling $ 61 billion to fund infrastructure projects , money for states ' Medicaid costs , and unemployment assistance . But these bills failed to attract enough support in the Senate , and the White House opposed them . "  With all that happened in the past few weeks , it probably has to be more like ... $ 150 billion to invest in our economy , to create jobs , to help the states , to help men and women across the country , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said Wednesday while traveling in Denver , Colorado . Pelosi and other House Democratic leaders are scheduled to meet Monday with a group of economists in Washington to discuss the size and components of a stimulus plan , the Democratic aides said . These aides indicated that in addition to aid to states struggling with their budgets , the package could include things similar to what the House passed before , such as infrastructure money , an extension of unemployment benefits , food stamps and more money for low-income energy assistance . House Republican leadership aides said that GOP members have not been consulted on the details of a second stimulus . One of these aides said , "  We 're not necessarily opposed to it out of hand . We would ask , is it truly stimulative ? Is it really going to help stimulate the economy ? " A Senate GOP leadership aide said Republicans are skeptical of a second stimulus but did not suggest there is outright opposition to another package . Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , left the door open to the Senate taking up a bill . "  Sen. Reid tried to pass a second economic recovery bill last month , only to be obstructed by Senate Republicans , " Manley said . "  Recent developments only reinforce the need for additional action to reinvigorate the economy . We will work with the House of Representatives and leave all options open to address this issue . "	Democrats say it 's likely they will call Congress back after election to vote Package would put emphasis on aid to local and state governments Speaker Nancy Pelosi , other Democrats to meet with economists to discuss plan House Republican aides said GOP has n't been consulted on package
CNN  A "  serious " shoulder injury to drummer Patrick Carney has led the Black Keys to cancel the upcoming European leg of their world tour . The blues-rock band announced Friday that it 's canceling 17 shows in France , Germany , the UK and other countries . The band hopes to resume the 2015 Turn Blue tour as scheduled April 2 in Brisbane , Australia . "  We are very sorry to have to cancel our upcoming performances through March 10 . Patrick needs time to heal , " co-founders Carney and guitarist Dan Auerbach said in a statement on the band 's website . "  We thank all of our fans for their support and we 're looking forward to getting back on the road . " Efforts to reschedule the dates were unsuccessful because of prior commitments and venue availability , the band said . All tickets will be refunded in full at the point of purchase . The circumstances around Carney 's injury were not immediately disclosed , although it was described as "  serious . " The band had just posted a message on its site Wednesday saying it will headline a festival May 28 in Barcelona , Spain . Formed in Akron , Ohio , in 2001 , the Black Keys are essentially a duo -- Auerbach and Carney -- although they often supplement their live shows with other musicians . Their raw sound gradually built them a devoted but modest following until "  Brothers , " their 2010 commercial breakthrough , brought a mainstream audience . The band is best known for the hits "  Lonely Boy " and "  Gold on the Ceiling , " from the 2011 "  El Camino " album . They have won six Grammys and are up for three more this year , including best rock album for their latest , "  Turn Blue . " The Black Keys were not scheduled to perform at the Grammy Awards , to be handed out February 8 in Los Angeles . They said Friday that they do not expect any dates after March 10 to be canceled . The Black Keys also are scheduled to play a handful of music festivals this summer . NKOTB , TLC , Nelly announce summer tour	The Black Keys cancel 17 shows on their upcoming European tour Drummer Patrick Carney has a "  serious " shoulder injury , band says
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemeni Vice President Abdurabu Mansur Hadi kicked off his presidential campaign Tuesday , announcing he will run in the February 21 election . In a large gathering with hundreds of senior government officials representing all political factions , Hadi said he is seeking a new direction for Yemen . The nation has been wracked by unrest , including protests against current President Ali Abdullah Saleh , since early last year , when pro-democratic uprisings spread across the Arab world . Hadi promised Tuesday a national dialogue involving all political forces would happen immediately after he takes power , saying that will serve as an oasis for effective dialogue based on openness , equity and mutual respect . The Yemeni people are not able to exercise more patience , he said , as they have already borne more than they can stand in the crisis . Demonstrators have continued their protests against Saleh , despite a power transfer deal that is supposed to lead to his departure . Under the plan forged by the Gulf Cooperation Council , Saleh -- who 's been in office for 33 years -- will step down after the February 21 elections and will receive immunity from prosecution . Executive powers have already been transferred to Hadi . The power transfer deal , signed in November , states that Saleh 's deputy would succeed him in power for a term of two years . However , Hadi insisted on running for election , saying his presidency is not official unless he is chosen by the people . The vice president stressed there will be no red lines when it comes to solving Yemen 's crises . Other priorities include stabilizing the country , and striving for a civil nation where rights and freedoms are recognized , he said . Hadi praised the demonstrators , most of whom are youths , saying they all along had hoped to see a new future for the country . In a move that surprised experts , Hadi did not mention Saleh in his speech . "  Hadi made it clear that the Saleh regime is over and he is seeking to be looked at as a president for a nation and not for a political party , " said Abdul Salam Mohammed , director of the Sanaa-based Abaad Strategic Center . Saleh is currently seeking medical treatment in the United States for wounds he suffered in an assassination attempt in the presidential palace in June 2011 . A number of leading youth movements welcomed the elections and called them a step in the right direction for Yemen . But not all youths consider their revolution over yet . Activists were cautious in openly accepting Hadi as the country 's next ruler . "  Our main goal during our revolution is to oust Ali Saleh from power . This will be accomplished in two weeks , but his family is still in control of the country 's military , " said Sanaa youth activist Mohammed Hashem . He added , "  Saleh 's corrupt inner circle are still allowed to be involved in politics , so we are long from calling it over . "	President Ali Abdullah Saleh is set to step down after February 21 elections Protests against Saleh have been ongoing since last year Acting leader Abdurabu Mansur Hadi promises to solve Yemen 's crises
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani court Monday gave police two weeks to prepare their case for charging five Americans whom police suspect of planning terrorist attacks . Authorities have said they plan to prosecute the five men -- who are being held in jail -- under the country 's anti-terrorism act . A court hearing was set for January 18 . Police have said they are confident that the Americans were planning terrorist acts , according to Tahir Gujjrar , deputy superintendent of police in Sargodha , where the men were arrested December 9 . Gujjrar told CNN a preliminary investigation suggests that the men came to Pakistan to wage jihad and had sought to link up with Jaish-e-Mohammed and Jamaat-ud-Dawa militant organizations , neither of which showed interest , he said . The men wanted to martyr themselves , he said . Jaish-e-Mohammed is the group believed to be responsible for the murder of journalist Daniel Pearl . But Mohammed Ameer Khan Rokhri , an attorney representing the men , said they testified on the Quran , the Muslim holy book , "  that they have no connection with any banned organization , " including Jaish-e-Mohammed or al Qaeda . They told the court , "  We are going to Afghanistan to help the Muslims who have been injured by the NATO forces and other Afghan forces , " the attorney said . And they said the did n't intend to commit any crime in Pakistan , he said . The five young men are identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni , Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan and Ramy Zamzam . All are in their early 20s except Yemer , who , according to the interrogation report from Pakistani police , is 18 years old . Two of the suspects are Pakistani-American , two are Yemeni-American , and one is Egyptian-American . A sixth man , Khaled Farooq -- the father of Umar Farooq -- also was arrested , but was released by the anti-terror court for lack of evidence . The five men worshipped together at a mosque in Alexandria , Virginia , until they went missing in November and turned up in Pakistan . Fellow congregants at the ICNA Center said they were shocked by the arrests and accusations . Subira Farooq , the wife of Khaled and mother of Umar , said in December that she and her husband had traveled to Pakistan to arrange a marriage for Umar , and that she was surprised to see her son arrive in the country shortly afterward . The police interrogation report describes the five as college students who "  were of the opinion that a jihad must be waged against the infidels for the atrocities committed by them against Muslims around the world . " CNN 's Pierre Bairin and Arwa Damon and journalist Fayyaz Adrees contributed to this report .	Men accused of trying to link up with Jaish-e-Mohammed and Jamaat-ud-Dawa militant groups They wanted to wage jihad , martyr themselves , police official says Attorney : Men vowed "  that they have no connection with any banned organization " Two are Pakistani-American , two are Yemeni-American , one is Egyptian-American
The Pentagon 's intelligence arm has assessed with "  moderate confidence " that North Korea has the ability to deliver a nuclear weapon with a ballistic missile , though the reliability is believed to be "  low . " Disclosed first by a congressman at a hearing on Thursday and then confirmed to CNN by the Defense Department , the assessment by the Defense Intelligence Agency is the clearest acknowledgment yet by the United States about potential advances in North Korea 's nuclear program . The surprise development comes amid heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula . North Korea has unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the United States and South Korea in recent weeks , including that of a possible nuclear strike . The Obama administration calculates a test launch of mobile ballistic missiles could come at any time . But a senior administration official said there is no indication that missiles believed being readied for tests have been armed with any nuclear material . Pentagon spokesman George Little said later Thursday , "  It would be inaccurate to suggest that the North Korean regime has fully tested , developed , or demonstrated the kinds of nuclear capabilities referenced in the passage " of the DIA study . That stance was echoed by James R. Clapper , director of U.S. national intelligence , who said the statement read by Rep. Doug Lamborn "  is not an intelligence community assessment . Moreover , North Korea has not yet demonstrated the full range of capabilities necessary for a nuclear armed missile . " Lamborn , R-Colorado , read from a declassified version of the DIA assessment at a House Armed Services Committee hearing . "  DIA assess with moderate confidence the North currently has nuclear weapons capable of delivery by ballistic missiles , however , the reliability will be low . " Reliability is apparently a reference to the accuracy of the missiles . Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey , who was testifying before the House committee , appeared to be caught off guard when asked by Lamborn whether he agreed with the DIA assessment . "  Well , I have n't seen it , " Dempsey replied . "  And you said it 's not publicly released , so I -- I choose not to comment on it . " It is was not clear whether other U.S. intelligence agencies , such as the CIA , agree with the defense analysis . The U.S. intelligence about North Korea revealed Thursday was "  mistakenly " marked as declassified , according to an administration and a defense source . But Lamborn told CNN 's "  AC360 " he acted properly , reciting declassified information . "  Whether it was a mistake or not , I ca n't answer that , " Lamborn said of the information release . "  Given the seriousness of the threat , this is something that I think people do need to know about . " A House Armed Services Committee aide said staffers checked with the DIA to confirm the passage was not classified before Lamborn read it . North Korea 's missile capabilities U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , "  We do not have any independent information to verify " the DIA study 's assessment . Tough talk , raising a missile Is North Korea serious about military action or is it just testing the world ? A missile had been briefly raised to an upright firing position , stoking concerns that a launch was imminent , a U.S. official told CNN on Thursday . Later , another U.S. official said it had been tucked back into its launcher . In more tough talk from Pyongyang , a government agency was quoted by the state-run media as saying that "  war can break out any moment . " After meeting privately with Ban in the Oval Office , President Barack Obama called on North Korea to tone down the rhetoric . "  We agree now is the time for North Korea to end the kind of belligerent approach they have been taking and try to lower temperatures , " Obama said during a photo opportunity . "  No one wants to see a conflict on the Korean Peninsula . " War of words escalates : Timeline of a crisis Ban called on Chinese diplomats to "  exercise their leadership and influence " with North Korea to reduce tensions . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , during an upcoming visit , will tell Chinese leaders that Pyongyang is , as one senior administration official said , "  putting China 's own interests at risk . " The United States wants Beijing to "  stop the money trail into North Korea " and to carry a strong message to the North that denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula is China 's goal , said the official and a senior State Department official . The latest move by the North could signify that a much-feared launch is less imminent . It could also mean the government was testing the equipment . The first U.S. official cautioned that the raising of the missile could have been just a trial run to ensure the equipment works or an effort to "  mess " with the United States and the allies that are watching for a launch at any time . So far , South Koreans -- who 've heard the cross-border bombast before -- are taking the swagger in stride . Washington regards much of the North 's saber rattling as bluster . But no one is taking any chances as the daily clamor of threats from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's government shows no sign of letting up . The official declined to specify what type of intelligence led the United States to conclude the medium-range missile -- a Musudan -- was in a firing position . Should I stay or should I go ? Expats mull future there The Musudan is an untested weapon that South Korea says has a range as far as 2,175 miles  3,500 kilometers  . It could reach as far as Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases , and where the United States recently said it was placing missile defense systems . The United States and South Korean militaries have been monitoring the movements of mobile ballistic missiles on the east coast of North Korea . Japan has deployed defense systems . Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , told CNN on Thursday that Kim is using rhetoric to solidify his base within his country and its military . "  North Korea is one of those countries that 's an army with a country , not a country with an army , " said Rogers . Opinion : Why North Korea worries Dick Cheney The mood in South Korea ? ` Very ordinary ' Life is generally continuing as normal in the region , however , despite the North 's barrage of recent threats , which have included warnings to foreigners on the peninsula about their safety in the event of conflict . South Koreans , who have experienced decades of North Korean rage and posturing -- and occasional localized attacks -- have gone about their daily business without alarm . "  South Korea has been living under such threats from the past , and we are always prepared for it , " South Korean Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-jae told CNN Wednesday . He called the current climate "  a very ordinary situation . " Chinese tourism : The good , the bad and the backlash South urges dialogue over industrial zone The difficulties at the Kaesong industrial zone , a key symbol of inter-Korean cooperation , are among the few tangible signs of the tensions . Pyongyang repeated a threat to permanently close the industrial zone , which it jointly operates with the South , accusing South Korean President Park Geun-hye of putting the manufacturing complex at risk . The South Korean government , meanwhile , urged Pyongyang to work to resolve the situation through dialogue . "  Pyongyang should come to the bargaining table immediately , " Ryoo said . North Korea has pulled its more than 50,000 workers out of the complex , which is on the northern side of the heavily fortified border that divides the two Koreas , and blocked personnel and supply trucks from entering it from South Korea . In a statement reported Thursday by state-run media , the North Korean government said that what happens at the complex in the coming days "  entirely depends on the attitude of the South Korean authorities . " DMZ : Tensions high at knife-edge of Korean conflict U.S. intelligence cites direct threats The dangers posed by North Korea came up Thursday at a separate House Intelligence Committee hearing about worldwide threats . Clapper said the United States believes the primary objective of Kim 's bellicose rhetoric is to "  consolidate and affirm his power " and to show he is "  in control of North Korea . " Clapper said he does n't think Kim "  has much of an endgame " other than to get recognition from the world as a nuclear power which "  entitles him to negotiation , accommodation and , presumably , aid . " But in a statement for the record before the committee , Clapper reiterated that the nation 's "  nuclear weapons and missile programs pose a serious threat to the United States and to the security environment in East Asia . " Since December , North Korea has put a satellite in orbit atop a long-range rocket ; conducted a nuclear bomb test , its third since 2006 ; and claimed to be prepared for pre-emptive nuclear attacks on the United States , though most analysts believe it does not yet have that capability . Its most recent nuclear test , in February , resulted in tougher U.N. sanctions , which infuriated Pyongyang , prompting it to sharpen its threats . Annual military exercises in South Korea by U.S. and South Korean troops , which often upset the North , have added to the tensions , especially when the United States drew attention to shows of strength such as a practice mission by B-2 stealth bombers .	Congressman said he used declassified information Ballistic missiles may be able to carry nukes , defense intelligence assessment says N.Korea has not fully developed nuclear capabilities mentioned in report , Pentagon says A missile was raised to an upright firing position , then lowered
CNN  -- At least eight people were killed , including one suicide bomber , and dozens were wounded in three bomb blasts in central and northern Nigeria on Thursday , the Red Cross said . The targets of the first two bombs were newspaper offices , the country 's president said . The third blast , in the northern state of Kaduna , was confirmed by emergency management officials , but no information on casualties or damage was available . In the first incident in Kaduna , a man drove a vehicle into a two-story building that houses three national newspapers : ThisDay , The Moment and The Sun . According to a reporter at one of the dailies , when the car hit the wall , passers-by and newspaper staff ran to the site to see what happened . According to the Red Cross , the bomb did not explode on impact , and the bystanders tried to get the suspected bomber out of the car . Once that was accomplished , the suspect threw a bomb at the bystanders , killing four and wounding 19 , then tried to flee , the Red Cross said . Other bystanders caught the suspected bomber and turned him over to police . Within 30 minutes of the first blast in Kaduna , a suicide bomber in the central city of Abuja detonated a bomb that killed four people , including himself , said the Red Cross , which described the explosions as "  the first direct attack on the media by  an  unknown armed group . " Seven people were wounded , it said . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan condemned the attacks on the newspaper offices , calling them "  ignoble , misguided , horrendous and wicked . " Journalist Safiya Akau contributed to this report .	A third bomb blast is confirmed in Nigeria , Red Cross says At least eight people reported were killed , including a suicide bomber Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan condemns the attacks
CNN  -- The homeless man with a velvet voice catapulted into a new reality this week . Now how does Ted Williams , who has battled addiction , a rap sheet and the hardscrabble life of the streets , make sure his sudden success does n't become a curse ? A video of him and his "  golden voice , " filmed by a multimedia producer with The Columbus Dispatch in Ohio , was posted Monday and went viral . Since then , he 's been slammed with instant fame , become a battled-over TV talk show guest and received a slew of job offers . The abrupt about-face in his life has left many wondering how he 'll handle all of this . "  You 're taking someone who has nothing ... to having all the hopes and all the dreams , " said Dr. Charles Sophy , a psychiatrist , author and medical director of the County of Los Angeles Department of Children and Family Services . "  Right now , it 's exciting . He can show his mom he 's a success . But to sustain it we need to make sure he has what he needs . " What he needs , said Sophy , who has not met Williams , is a thorough evaluation of his history , of what 's triggered his past substance abuse , and an adequate support mechanism . "  Giving someone success is n't always the answer to make sure someone feels successful , " Sophy said . "  Unless someone 's sobriety is really tight and well under control , success can trigger a relapse . " One thing Williams may have going for him is the man who 's stepped in as his handler . "  I love Ted , " Alfred Battle , a friend and his Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor , said in a written statement . "  We have been friends for many years and I have always known what a great talent he is and his well-being is first and foremost . " Battle also happens to be the founder and CEO of Battle Plan Promotions , a nonprofit entertainment company dedicated to developing "  undiscovered talent , " according to a press release sent out Friday . In that release , Battle said he 's been checking in with Williams over the years and offering assistance -- including occasional voiceover and concert announcement gigs -- "  whenever he would let me . " Doral Chenoweth III , the man who filmed Williams and was initially skeptical about Battle 's role , has gotten to know the pair in recent days and shared stories he 's gleaned of their history . Battle , a concert and event promoter , used to drive by a homeless shelter and camp looking for Williams , known in the community as "  Radio Man . " He offered him gigs to emcee events or tape commercials . Williams always wanted to go back to the shelter or camp , where he felt at home , Chenoweth said . CNN tried to reach Battle , but he did not respond to e-mail requests and his voicemail box was full -- perhaps an indicator of how busy and in demand Williams is . On Wednesday morning , Williams appeared in the Columbus studio of WNCI , where he took to the airwaves on the nationally syndicated Dave and Jimmy radio show before taking off for the New York talk shows and into the stratosphere of fame . Come Thursday afternoon , he had completed voiceover work for four commercials for Kraft Macaroni & Cheese . His first spot will air Sunday during ESPN 's Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl . The two Columbus radio hosts , Dave Kaelin and Jimmy Jam , said they , too , are a bit worried about what all this sudden attention will mean for Williams . "  He even admitted that when you are a recovering alcoholic , it 's the bad times and the good times that might trigger you , " Kaelin said . "  There 's no road map to this . This has n't happened before . Seventy-two hours ago this man was standing on a corner . " The hosts said they had no idea what to expect when Williams strolled into the studio . But they were touched by his warmth and humility . What has happened since has left them overwhelmed in their own way . Jam said he 's gotten more than 500 e-mails with offers to assist Williams . Most of them have been about jobs , but some show that others are thinking about Williams ' well-being beyond his career . Recovering addicts have said they know where he 's been and that they hope he gets the help he needs . A faculty member in social work at a nearby school wrote to offer Williams "  mental health support as he goes on this second-chance journey . " "  It 's about protecting him from himself as well as protecting him from others , " Kaelin added . As of Thursday afternoon , Williams has more than his friend Battle looking out for him , Chenoweth said . He also now has his 90-year-old mother , Julia Williams . They were reunited , after 20 years , in a hotel conference room in New York . After the initial tears that fell when they first embraced , Chenoweth said , "  She turns around , and she 's mom . " Less than a minute into their taped reunion , in fact , his mother said , "  Please do n't disappoint me . " "  I 'm through with it all , " Williams told her . "  There might be a few bumps in the road ahead for him , " Chenoweth speculated . "  But overall I think he 's going to have the life he wants . "	Ted Williams , with his velvet voice , went from homeless to famous in a matter of days Many wonder how he 'll handle sudden success , the attention , the job offers Psychiatrist warns that without solid sobriety and support , relapse may happen Williams ' AA sponsor and longtime friend , as well as his mother , may help avoid pitfalls
CNN  -- The first President of the United States got it right . In his farewell address , George Washington warned of the "  continual mischiefs of the spirit of party " making it the "  interest and duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain it . " In other words , he cautioned against the dangers of political parties . Washington was keenly aware of the destructive nature of political parties and was concerned they would "  enfeeble public administration . " With myriad affected agencies and thousands of furloughed federal workers , this is exactly where the country finds itself today . Washington is not typically held in the same intellectual esteem that some of his counterparts are -- Madison , Hamilton and Jefferson come to mind . However , Washington 's farewell address is among the most prescient documents ever penned by a President . In it , he cautioned against the vengeful practices of political parties . To him , parties put their own interests above those of the country . He warned : "  The alternate domination of one faction over another , sharpened by the spirit of revenge , natural to party dissension , which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities , is itself a frightful despotism . " Both parties today would likely level such charges against one another , while most Americans recognize that both parties share responsibility for the current situation . In addition to his concerns about political party mischief , he also warned of the dangers of accumulating debt . He argued that for a country to enjoy safety and strength , it should "  cherish public credit . " Running up debt would be tantamount to unethical behavior to future generations . Tea party Republicans have succeeded in heeding Washington 's concern by bringing the eyes of the country squarely upon the issue of debt . However , the recalcitrance of the tea party Republicans to compromise has also put the country at great risk , at least in Washington 's eyes , given his dedication to maintaining America 's credit . Washington was not a fan of taxation , but he abhorred debt even more . He wrote : "  It is essential that you should practically bear in mind that towards the payment of debts there must be revenue ; that to have revenue there must be taxes ; that no taxes can be devised which are not more or less inconvenient and unpleasant . " Washington encouraged future generations to change policies they did not like by constitutional amendment or through the electoral process , rather than positioning their party to enjoy short-term benefits . The first President 's dislike for political parties still fits with the reality in which most Americans live today . Political scientist Morris Fiorina has argued that the divisions between Americans have been far overblown . He contends that the so-called culture wars are a myth . While the neat and tidy categories of red and blue states make for interesting media narratives , they fail to depict accurately the ideological beliefs of the citizenry . Fiorina points out that most Americans are not hard-core ideologues . On the whole , Americans are far more agreeable on most issues than the media depict . We love a good fight and as conflict tends to attract audiences , the media are quick to point to areas where conflict exists . Yet agreement among citizens is the norm , rather than the exception . The effect of the polarized nation narrative is disillusionment for many Americans and undue influence for the more ideological in our midst . Some context is helpful . While more than $ 2.6 billion was spent in the 2012 presidential campaign , 40 % of Americans still chose to sit the election out . Those who do participate typically are among the most ideological in the electorate . This tends to produce candidates who are in turn more ideologically oriented . When more ideological candidates are chosen in primaries , it leads to more ideological choices for voters . These choices likely do not reflect the preferences of the average citizen but instead more likely reflect the preferences among a party 's more ideological members . This cycle becomes increasingly embedded when congressional districts are drawn to support such a system . The end result is what we see happening in Washington today -- gridlock based upon both partisan and ideological whims . A common criticism is that both parties are putting their own interests above the interests of the United States . Once again , Washington offers good advice to our current policymakers . "  The name of American , which belongs to you in your national capacity , must always exalt the just pride of patriotism more than any appellation derived from local discriminations . With slight shades of difference , you have the same religion , manners , habits , and political principles . " For the sake of the country and the world economy , let us hope that our representatives begin to see themselves as Americans , rather than Democrats and Republicans . Thank you Mr. President . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Alexander .	Robert Alexander : Shenanigans in Congress show wisdom of George Washington Washington argued that political parties would seek to perpetuate themselves at all costs Tea party may share concern about debt , but its position endangers U.S. credit , he says Alexander : Most Americans are in the middle , not sympathetic to ideologues of the two parties
CNN  -- Nineteen inmates were injured when a roof of a private prison collapsed Saturday near Lufkin , Texas , fire officials said . Ten prisoners were taken to hospitals by ambulance , and nine were transported as "  walking wounded " from Diboll Correctional Center to area hospitals , according to prison officials . At 11:30 a.m. , the sheetrock ceiling of one of the five housing units in the prison collapsed , according to Management & Training Corporation  MTC  , which operates the prison . "  We are still trying to determine the cause of the collapse , " said a statement by MTC . A local fire official on the scene was n't sure what may have caused the collapse , or whether it 's related to heavy rainfall in Texas recently . "  It 's not raining at all today here . We got a lot of rain yesterday . It 's a new building , a new facility . I do n't know why the roof would collapse , " said Lufkin Fire Department Battalion Chief Jesse Moody . David Driskell , the prison 's warden , said , "  It probably had a lot to do with the rain over the last couple days . " Diboll Correctional Center has a maximum capacity of 518 inmates and is managed by MTC , according to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice website . MTC , a private contractor based in Centerville , Utah , manages 22 prisons in eight states , according to the company website , and also operates 21 Job Corps programs for the U.S. Department of Labor .	Prison is near Lufkin , Texas Ten inmates were taken by ambulance to the hospital Heavy rain in recent days may have contributed to the collapse Facility has a maximum capacity of 518 inmates
Arlington , Va.  CNN  -- For some athletes , running the Marine Corps Marathon is about the exhilaration of running 26.2 miles , pushing through one 's physical limits and the thrill of taking those first steps past the finish line . It requires months of dedicated training and grueling discipline . But for other runners , like Salina Jimenez , it 's about something larger than herself . Jimenez laced up her sneakers Sunday to pay tribute to her late husband , Army Sgt. David Jimenez Almazan , a combat medic from Van Nuys , California . Almazan was killed in 2006 by a roadside bomb in Iraq just three weeks after his deployment . He was 27 . Jimenez , a Huntington Beach , California resident who has run two other marathons , says she runs to keep the memory of her husband alive . "  Every mile is a memory , " Jimenez said . "  He once said that life is about the memories , so every mile creates a new memory that we 're able to share and experience with other runners . " Almazan , a native of Mexico , was granted American citizenship posthumously . As she prepared for the race , Jimenez wanted people to remember her husband for the man that he was . In addition to loving soccer and salsa dancing , Almazan also loved the country he died for , she said . Jimenez ran as a member of a team fielded by Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors  TAPS  , a group that supports surviving family members of loved ones lost in combat . This year , 265 runners ran for TAPS ' "  Run and Remember Team . " Like many of her teammates , Jimenez ran with a photo of her husband pinned to the lapel of her jersey , one that she carries for every race . "  I keep it close to my heart , " she says , "  David was an amazing man . He was a medic , so he cared about people . He would take the shirt off his back for you even if you were a stranger and that 's what motivates me to get out there and pound pavement . " Minutes before Jimenez approached the starting line , she shared her angst about the course , which ends with a final hill up to the finish line near the Iwo Jima Memorial . It 's considered the final challenge of the runner 's journey . Some 8,597 current and former military personnel participated in the 35th Marine Corps marathon , which took athletes through Northern Virginia and the District of Columbia . Nearly 22,000 total runners finished the event . Security was heightened for Sunday 's race due to recent shots fired by an unknown gunman or gunmen at various Marine Corps military sites . In the final leg of the race , Jimenez said she thought about the day she found out her husband was killed . At mile 25 , with little strength left , she said she got a rush of energy before making her final quest up the hill . "  It was like he was right there . I could hear him saying , ` Are you done yet ? Hurry up ! ' " Like most runners , she admitted to she doubts as she approached the last few miles : "  I said , ' I do n't know if I can do this , David . I love you . ' " But the hill signified much more . "  It 's the journey , it 's the climb , it 's equivalent to the journey we 're on , the grief journey . " Jimenez says she 'll definitely be back for next year 's marathon , which offers no prize money and is dubbed the "  People 's Marathon . " "  Even though that day took away something special , he lives in all these miles , " she said afterward . "  It was phenomenal . "	Widow runs marathons to remember fallen medic Sgt. David Jimenez Almazan became U.S. citizen after death Nearly 22,000 people finished popular Marine Corps Marathon
CNN  -- "  Argo , " praise yourself . That 's what Hollywood did on Sunday night , anyway . "  Argo , " which told the story of the rescue operation that saved six Americans during the Iran hostage crisis , took home three Oscars at the 85th Academy Awards , including the biggest award of the night : best picture . It was both an expected and yet unlikely conclusion to an awards season that took off in strange directions , though it ended up pretty much where the Oscar prognosticators thought it would . Director Ben Affleck , who co-produced the film with George Clooney and Grant Heslov , acknowledged the strangeness of the process in his acceptance speech . Back in early January , "  Argo " was considered an Oscar also-ran , if only because Affleck was overlooked in the best director category . In the entire history of the Oscars , just three films had won best picture without a directing nomination , and just one , "  Driving Miss Daisy , " in the last 80 years . But then the film caught fire , winning awards from the producers ' , directors ' and actors ' guilds , as well as a Golden Globe , AFI Award and BAFTA . The bandwagon seemed unstoppable , except for that lack of a directing nomination . Affleck , however , really was happy just to be here and gave a nod to his up-and-down past in his speech . "  I never thought I would be back here , and I am , " he said , thanking many people who were kind to him in Hollywood when he could n't repay them . The film was also honored for its screenplay , by Chris Terrio , and William Goldenberg 's editing . "  This is nuts ! " Oscar night itself held few surprises after a season that seemed to promise an anything-goes affair . Perhaps the biggest surprise was the appearance of one of the presenters : first lady Michelle Obama , who joined Jack Nicholson via satellite to read the winner of best picture . But most of the show met expectations . Jennifer Lawrence , just 22 , won best actress for her performance as a troubled widow in "  Silver Linings Playbook . " The performer was as down-to-earth in her acceptance as she 's been all season . Indeed , she almost came down to earth literally , slipping on her flowing dress as she approached the stage . "  This is nuts ! " she exclaimed before thanking the other nominees in her category . She concluded with happy birthday greetings for Emmanuelle Riva , nominated for "  Amour . " Riva turned 86 Sunday . Daniel Day-Lewis set a record with his third best actor win , this time for playing Abraham Lincoln in Steven Spielberg 's film "  Lincoln . " The usually serious actor got off perhaps the funniest acceptance of the night when he turned to Meryl Streep , who had presented the award , and noted that originally their roles were supposed to be reversed . "  It 's a strange thing , I had actually been committed to play Margaret Thatcher , and Meryl was Steven 's first choice for Lincoln , " he said to laughter . "  I 'd like to see that version . " Streep won best actress last year for playing Thatcher in "  The Iron Lady . " In a mild surprise , Ang Lee won the Oscar for best director for "  Life of Pi . " The film , based on the novel by Yann Martel , won four Oscars , the most for any film . "  Thank you movie god , " he said , praising "  all 3,000 " people who worked on the movie with him . Anne Hathaway  "  Les Miserables "  won best supporting actress and Christoph Waltz  "  Django Unchained "  won best supporting actor . Hathaway looked at her statue in wonder . "  It came true , " she said . MacFarlane shines James Bond , too , emerged a winner . After 50 years of great  and not-so-great  Bond themes , one of them finally won : Adele 's "  Skyfall . " The music , in fact , carried much of what was an uneven broadcast . Shirley Bassey , the original James Bond hit singer , dazzled with a version of "  Goldfinger . " Soon after , Jennifer Hudson raised the roof , and got a standing ovation , for a remarkable version of "  And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going , " from "  Dreamgirls . " Hudson won an Oscar for playing Effie , who sings the song , in 2006 's film version . Adele sang "  Skyfall , " and Barbra Streisand sang "  The Way We Were " for co-writer Marvin Hamlisch , who concluded the "  In Memoriam " segment . Host Seth MacFarlane started slowly , but got looser  and funnier  as the show stretched into its fourth hour . His opening consisted of some mild jokes , only a couple of which drew gasps , and some dandy song-and-dance numbers . William Shatner , in character as "  Star Trek 's " James T. Kirk , offered advice -- he was from the future , after all -- so MacFarlane would n't go down as the "  worst Oscar host ever . " But it was later in the show that MacFarlane really shined , whether it was maintaining an affable , cracking-wise-in-the-living-room demeanor or simply keeping the proceedings moving along as much as the Oscars can be moved along . At one point , welcoming Michael Douglas and Jane Fonda to give the best director honor , he quipped , "  They remember when this town was cocaine trees as far as the eye can see . " "  My taste aside , this is a great show for people who love Seth MacFarlane and musical theater . Which is pretty much Seth MacFarlane , " tweeted Time 's James Poniewozik . Twitter , of course , was the appropriate place to crack wise , and express displeasure with Oscar 's choices . "  Just a friendly reminder that Harry Potter never won an Oscar . Apparently , inspiring an entire generation is n't good enough , " wrote Professor Snape .  For those who 've never seen one of the eight Potter movies , Snape is a wizard professor . "  So are they going to do the BIG FOUR AWARDS in the next 12 minutes ? " said Michael Buckley , noting the show 's typically glacial pace . And at least one person was upset at a snub during the "  In Memoriam " segment , which began with Ernest Borgnine , paid tribute to critic Andrew Sarris among many others , and concluded with Hamlisch . "  Will someone at the academy ask why Andy Griffith , who was in more than a dozen films , not in the memoriam while publicists were ? " tweeted Chuck Raasch . Affleck rising Snubs seemed to be the theme of this year 's Oscar season , none more than Affleck 's for director . But he was n't having it . Ten years ago , after all , he was a punch line . After winning an Oscar in 1998 for co-writing "  Good Will Hunting " with his good friend Matt Damon , he 'd plunged into critical and/or box-office failure -- "  Bounce , " "  Pearl Harbor , " "  Changing Lanes , " "  Daredevil " -- topped by "  Gigli , " the 2003 flop that became synonymous with the word "  flop . " He was a tabloid staple -- romances with Gwyneth Paltrow and Jennifer Lopez will do that -- and so ripe for mockery that Mindy Kaling  !  played him as a track-suited doofus in her off-Broadway play , "  Matt and Ben . " The Oscar ? Just luck . After all , in "  Matt and Ben , " the script for "  Good Will Hunting " literally falls from the heavens . Sunday night , he showed that you make your own luck . It was a topic he touched on a few weeks ago , when the film 's ride to the top was just picking up steam . "  I just feel so incredibly honored to be nominated as a producer for this movie , to be here at the big party , " he told reporters at the Oscar luncheon in early February . "  I do n't get into worrying too much about who got what and who did n't get what . I mean , I 've had many , many , many , many , many , many years watching from home . " As he thanked the academy for the best picture prize , he graciously paid tribute to many people , from "  Lincoln " director Steven Spielberg to the nation of Canada , which some observers believe got short shrift in "  Argo . " His words , perhaps , might inspire a little more humility on the part of people who raged on his behalf . "  You ca n't hold grudges . It 's hard , but you ca n't hold grudges , " he said , tearing up . "  And it does n't matter how you get knocked down in life , 'cause that 's gon na happen . It matters how you get up . "	NEW : "  Argo " wins best picture NEW : Jennifer Lawrence , Daniel Day-Lewis win best acting honors Ang Lee wins best director for "  Life of Pi " Adele 's "  Skyfall " wins best song ; first James Bond theme to do so
CNN  -- As you can imagine , college life can be very eventful . Balancing classes , internships , and a life away from home is enough to keep anyone busy . As a 20-year-old living with a chronic illness , I have skillfully learned the balancing act of college life . My name is Marquita Gaines , and I have sickle cell disease . I was first diagnosed at birth . The doctors performed a newborn screening test and when I was 10 days old they called to inform my mom . Because she and my father both have the sickle cell trait , she was aware that I may have the disease . At the age of 8 months I began having fevers over 101 consistently for a year . When I was 5 years old , I was riding the new bike I had just gotten for Christmas when I fell off and the handle bars hit me in the ribcage . That night I began having difficulty breathing . I was rushed to the local hospital and within hours I had stopped breathing . I was moved to intensive care , revived , and placed on a respirator . The critical care doctors and the hematologist worked day and night to figure out what was happening to me . My health continued to decline , and my parents were told to go pray because if I continued to not receive enough oxygen I would only have two hours to live . Around the seventh day , my condition stabilized and it was learned that I was suffering from an acute chest syndrome , a condition common among sickle cell patients . Shooting survivor says blood donations saved her life Sickle cell disease is a genetic blood disorder affecting the red blood cells . It causes the cells to lose oxygen very easily , turning them from round shapes to crescent shapes that cause painful episodes known as pain crises . At first glance , no one would know that I am a patient living with sickle cell disease . On any given day I can feel great , but I never know when the pain will come or how long it will last . A pain crisis can cause severe pain in my joints , my bones and my muscles . Sometimes it lasts for hours or even for days . At my worst it is difficult to walk and I have to use a wheelchair . To help reduce the number and severity of these episodes , I take daily medications and , with the help of the American Red Cross , I receive red blood cell transfusions every six weeks . The first time I received donor blood from the American Red Cross , I was in the 11th grade . I arrived on an outpatient basis , and a trained nurse from the American Red Cross came to administer the procedure . I was nervous , but the possibility of having little to no pain was exciting . First , my blood was typed and cross-matched with donor blood . Then , with my family by my side , the transfusion began . A machine filtered out my sickled red blood cells in exchange for roughly 10 pints of normal red blood cells . The American Red Cross nurse administering the transfusion was very knowledgeable and friendly , which helped me remain calm . Everything was a success , and within a week and a half I felt like a brand new person ! My bones no longer ached and I was able to stop taking the heavy pain medication . Once my senior year began , I was able to attend school more often . I also was able to run the mile in eight minutes with the rest of the gym class -- and I was n't the last person to finish ! Cancer survivor 's challenge : Give the gift of life this season Now in my junior year at Howard University , I am still managing school work and my illness . I am involved in campus life as a member of student government and other organizations . I am young and full of life , with many goals and aspirations . The American Red Cross provides the opportunity for me to feel better more often . Transfusions allow me to have an easier , pain-free life . During this holiday season , my hope is that everyone will realize the importance of being a blood donor . For people like me who need regular transfusions , blood is often best matched among people of the same ethnic group , so donations from anyone who is a minority or has a rare blood type such as U - or Fy  a-b -  are especially important . You could help someone like me live a healthier , happier , pain-free life . I am a testament to the importance of blood donation and the services that the American Red Cross provides on a daily basis . Without both I would n't be able to be a happy and successful young lady . I realize that sickle cell disease is a part of me , but it will never define who I am . With treatments like this and a strong support system , which I have from my family and the American Red Cross , there is no excuse not to succeed with this disease . To learn more about becoming a blood donor or to make a donation appointment with the American Red Cross , visit RedCrossBlood.org .	Marquita Gaines is a 20-year-old college student with sickle cell disease Sickle cell disease is a genetic blood disorder that can cause severe pain Gaines receives a red blood cell exchange transfusion every six weeks Each exchange transfusion requires 10 units of red blood cells
CNN  -- History was made on two fronts when Joao Sousa beat Julien Benneteau to win the Malaysian Open . While Sousa celebrated becoming the first Portuguese man to claim an ATP title , Benneteau was n't nearly as joyous . He slumped to 0-9 in finals to tie the unwanted men 's record in the Open era , which began in 1968 . Is he tennis ' unlucky loser ? Benneteau 's fellow Frenchman , Cedric Pioline , and American Pat Dupre also lost their first nine finals , although Pioline went on to triumph five times -- he was a two-time grand slam finalist -- and Dupre ended his drought in Hong Kong in 1982 . No man has lost his first 10 finals in the Open era , said the ATP . Benneteau was so close to overturning his woe in finals , too , holding a match point in the second set Sunday against Sousa . He did little wrong on the point , approaching the net with a good forehand , but Sousa unleashed a stunning forehand down the line . Benneteau then wasted a flurry of break points in the final set and fell 2-6 7-5 6-4 . French sports daily L'Equipe used the headline , ` Benneteau , nothing new , ' when referring to his defeat on its website , and the player tweeted a picture of what looked like a beer accompanied by the words : ` To forget . ' "  I tried everything today , " Benneteau , 31 , told the ATP 's website . "  I played very well , particularly I was very aggressive and I did n't let him play for two sets almost . I had match point and I played the point perfectly . "  It 's hard , it 's very hard . I was leading the match , but this is tennis . " Sousa could n't stop smiling during the trophy presentation but spared a thought for Benneteau . "  I knew  about Benneteau 's previous finals  , " he told the ATP 's website . "  I feel bad for him . " That Sousa , 24 , trumped compatriots Michelle Larcher de Brito and Gastao Elias by winning a title came as a surprise , since Larcher de Brito was a top prospect reared at Nick Bollettieri 's famed academy in Florida and Elias once ranked sixth as a junior . But Sousa , mentored by Rafael Nadal 's part-time coach Francisco Roig , entered Kuala Lumpur in good form , reaching the semifinals in St. Petersburg . He upset top-seed David Ferrer en route to the final in Kuala Lumpur and is now Portugal 's highest-ranked player at No. 51 . "  People can start to know Portuguese tennis and I think that 's great , " said Sousa . Top two in Beijing Nadal will almost certainly reclaim the No. 1 ranking from Novak Djokovic during the Asian swing and both see action Tuesday at the China Open . Djokovic meets Nadal 's conqueror at Wimbledon in 2012 , Lukas Rosol , and Nadal faces Colombian Santiago Giraldo . Lleyton Hewitt was among the winners on the opening day of competition in Beijing as he beat German Tommy Haas in straight sets . Fellow Australian Bernard Tomic also advanced after seeing off China 's No. 1 Ze Zhang . In the women 's tournament , Germany 's Andrea Petkovic knocked out Belarusian second seed Victoria Azarenka . The momentum swung between the two players but it was Petkovic who won the decisive third set , taking the last two games to love to claim a 6-4 2-6 6-4 win . "  It was an awful match and a very bad performance from me , so there 's not much to say about it , " said U.S. Open runner-up Azarenka . "  I do n't feel like I was ready to play - the preparation was n't enough , I can not deny that . It 's my mistake for not paying enough attention after the U.S . Open how I managed my time and managed my health . "	Julien Benneteau slumped to 0-9 in finals after losing a thriller against Joao Sousa Benneteau had a match point in Kuala Lumpur in the second set but then lost in three Sousa became the first Portuguese man to ever win an ATP title Rafael Nadal can reclaim the No. 1 ranking from Novak Djokovic this week in Beijing
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Fugitive Italian mobster Antonio Iovine has been arrested in the country 's south , Interior Minister Roberto Maroni said Thursday . Iovine , 46 , was on the ministry 's list of the country 's 30 most-dangerous fugitives and was apprehended in a Naples Police operation . "  It is a beautiful day for the fight against the mafia , " Maroni said . "  The capture of the boss constitutes a fundamental threshold in the context of the biggest contrasting operation started against the Camorra clans that operate in Campania . " A Naples court in 2008 sentenced him to life in prison for his mafia activities . While a fugitive for more than 14 years , Iovine is believed to have managed the Camorra clan 's financial affairs as its "  boss manager . "	Iovine was a fugitive for more than 14 years He is on Italy 's most-wanted list Naples police arrested Iovine
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A group of experts from around the world will Thursday hold a first of its kind conference on global catastrophic risks . Some experts say humans will merge with machines before the end of this century . They will discuss what should be done to prevent these risks from becoming realities that could lead to the end of human life on earth as we know it . Speakers at the four-day event at Oxford University in Britain will talk about topics including nuclear terrorism and what to do if a large asteroid were to be on a collision course with our planet . On the final day of the Global Catastrophic Risk Conference experts will focus on what could be the unintended consequences of new technologies , such as superintelligent machines that , if ill-conceived , might cause the demise of Homo sapiens . "  Any entity which is radically smarter than human beings would also be very powerful , " said Dr. Nick Bostrom , director of Oxford 's Future of Humanity Institute , host of the symposium . "  If we get something wrong , you could imagine the consequences would involve the extinction of the human species . " Bostrom is a philosopher and a leading thinker of transhumanism -- a movement that advocates not only the study of the potential threats and promises that future technologies could pose to human life but also the ways in which emergent technologies could be used to make the very act of living better . "  We want to preserve the best of what it is to be human and maybe even amplify that , " Bostrom told CNN . Transhumanists , according to Bostrom , anticipate a coming era where biotechnology , molecular nanotechnologies , artificial intelligence and other new types of cognitive tools will be used to amplify our intellectual capacity , improve our physical capabilities and even enhance our emotional well-being . The end result would be a new form of "  posthuman " life with beings that possess qualities and skills so exceedingly advanced they no longer can be classified simply as humans . "  We will begin to use science and technology not just to manage the world around us but to manage our own human biology as well , " Bostrom told CNN . "  The changes will be faster and more profound than the very , very slow changes that would occur over tens of thousands of years as a result of natural selection and biological evolution . " Bostrom declined to try to predict an exact time frame when this revolutionary biotechnological metamorphosis might occur . "  Maybe it will take eight years or 200 years , " he said . "  It is very hard to predict . " Other experts are already getting ready for what they say could be a radical transformation of the human race in as little as two decades . "  This will happen faster than people realize , " said Dr. Ray Kurzweil , an inventor and futurist who calculates technology trends using what he calls the law of accelerating returns , a mathematical concept that measures the exponential growth of technological evolution . In the 1980s Kurzweil predicted that a tiny handheld device would be invented sometime early in the 21st century allowing blind people to read documents from anywhere at anytime -- earlier this year such a device was publicly unveiled . He also anticipated the explosive growth of the Internet in the 1990s . Now Kurzweil is predicting the impending arrival of something called the Singularity , which he defines in his book on the subject as "  the culmination of the merger of our biological thinking and existence with our technology , resulting in a world that is still human but that transcends our biological roots . " "  There will be no distinction , post-Singularity , between human and machine or between physical and virtual reality , " he writes . Singularity will approach at an accelerating rate as human-created technologies become exponentially smaller and increasingly powerful and as fields such as biology and medicine are understood more and more in terms of information processes that can be simulated with computers . By the 2030s , Kurzweil tells CNN , humans will become more non-biological than biological , capable of uploading our minds onto the Internet , living in various virtual worlds and even avoiding aging and evading death . In the 2040s , Kurzweil predicts non-biological intelligence will be billions of times better than the biological intelligence humans have today , possibly rendering our present brains as obsolete . "  Our brains are a million times slower than electronics , " said Kurzweil . "  We will increasingly become software entities if you go out enough decades . " This movement towards the merger of man and machine , according to Kurzweil , is already starting to happen and is most visible in the field of biotechnology . As scientists gain deeper insights into the genetic processes that underlie life , they are able to effectively reprogram human biology through the development of new forms of gene therapies and medications capable of turning on or off enzymes and RNA interference , or gene silencing . "  Biology and health and medicine used to be hit or miss , " said Kurzweil . "  It was n't based on any coherent theory about how it works . " The emerging biotechnology revolution will lead to at least a thousand new drugs that could do anything from slow down the process of aging to reverse the onset of diseases , like heart disease and cancer , Kurzweil said . By 2020 , Kurzweil predicts a second revolution in the area of nanotechnology . According to his calculations , it is already showing signs of exponential growth as scientists begin test first generation nanobots that can cure Type 1 diabetes in rats or heal spinal cord injuries in mice . One scientist is developing something called a respirocyte -- a robotic red blood cell that , if injected into the bloodstream , would allow humans to do an Olympic sprint for 15 minutes without taking a breath or sit at the bottom of a swimming pool for hours at a time . Other researchers are developing nanoparticles that can locate tumors and one day possibly even eradicate them . And some Parkinson 's patients now have pea-sized computers implanted in their brains that replace neurons destroyed by the disease -- new software can be downloaded to the mini computers from outside the human body . "  Nanotechnology will not just be used to reprogram but to transcend biology and go beyond its limitations by merging with non-biological systems , " Kurzweil told CNN . "  If we rebuild biological systems with nanotechnology , we can go beyond its limits . " The final revolution leading to the advent of Singularity will be the creation of artificial intelligence , or superintelligence , which , according to Kurzweil , could be capable of solving many of our biggest threats , like environmental destruction , poverty and disease . "  A more intelligent process will inherently outcompete one that is less intelligent , making intelligence the most powerful force in the universe , " writes Kurzweil . Yet the invention of so many high-powered technologies and the possibility of merging these new technologies with humans may pose both peril and promise for the future of mankind . "  I think there are grave dangers , " said Kurzweil . "  Technology has always been a double-edged sword . " ... . Do you think technology will allow humans to transcend biology in the future ? Would you be comfortable with altering your biology ? Should humans try to reprogram their genetics ? What do you think the future looks like for mankind and machines ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	Nick Bostrom says technology will let humans manipulate their own biology Ray Kurzweil predicts humans will be mostly non-biological by around 2030 Biotechnology , nanotechnology , robotics could merge mankind with machines
The last few years have n't been kind to the private jet industry . A still-not-recovered global economy has meant a continued lull in the sales department , and many execs are wary of incurring the wrath of shareholders should they get caught cruising on a corporate jet . The market is starting to find its footing , however , thanks in part to the innovations of a few savvy companies , who are working together to make private aviation faster , cheaper and more accessible . According to WINGX Advance , a market intelligence provider for the aviation industry , the private jet industry  including fractional and whole ownership  was practically stagnant in the U.S. last year , and declined by nearly 4 percent in Europe . By comparison , the charter business is soaring . Adam Twidell , the founder of PrivateFly , an online booking service that has done for the private jet industry what Expedia and Priceline did for commercial flights , has seen a yearly threefold growth since he launched his company in 2007 . While third-party booking sites have become standard in the field of commercial aviation , in the private jet industry , PrivateFly is an innovator . "  When I really started looking around online , I could n't believe there was n't a way to book a private jet , " says Twidell . He recognized a gap in the market , and his wife and partner , Carol Cork , sold her house to help him start a new company that would fill the gap . Though Twidell jokes that his "  mother-in-law still is n't completely convinced it was a wise decision , " PrivateFly has since become Europe 's fastest growing aviation company . The advantage to customers , he notes , is that they can compare prices of over 2,500 aircraft , either through the website or on the PrivateFly mobile app . They can also book a jet at practically a moment 's notice . "  Our record to get somebody airborne from having their request submitted is 40 minutes , " he notes . Read more : Frequent flyer health tips For the 700 operators that list their jets through the site , they can ensure their planes are n't sitting around , gathering dust and incurring parking fees . "  Essentially , it 's a matchmaking exercise , " says Twidell . Making the connection between supply and demand less obscure has also helped bring down the price of private jets . For example , if an operator has an "  empty leg , " that is , they 've flown someone one way and face a potentially empty cabin on the return flight , they can offer a discount for that leg of the journey . In this way , private flight has become more affordable , and more accessible , than ever before . PrivateFly is n't the only company to take advantage of the empty leg . U.S. charter company JetSuite posts several empty leg sales daily  they dub these "  SuiteDeals "  via Facebook and Twitter . These range from $ 499 to $ 1,499 for one leg of a journey on either a Phenom 100  which seats up to four  or a CJ3  which can seat six  . That price is not per person ; it 's per aircraft . "  Some of those trips are silly , like Santa Monica to Van Nuys . But sometimes you can get an entire plane for $ 499 that flies from Los Angeles to New York , and you can split the price between four people , " says JetSuite CEO Alex Wilcox . Granted , he notes , "  that 's a rarity . " JetSuite 's clients have to buy into a membership  and these start at $ 50,000  , but they get considerably more bang for their buck . The number of flight hours they use is subtracted from the total , and JetSuite says they charge half of what their competition might charge , around $ 3,000 . "  A lot of our competitors are still caught up in the 1980s , when private jets were all about champagne and caviar . We do n't serve food on board ; we 're just a time machine , " says Wilcox , who was also a founding partner of JetBlue . Read more : Economy class goes gourmet Aside from cutting food , JetSuite saves money by offering more transparency in booking . Customers , for instance , can choose to land in airports with lower taxi landing fees -- a savings that is reflected in their total bill . It also opts for lighter , less expensive planes . "  We have an efficiency model , " says Wilcox . "  Not only does the Phelon 100 cost less , but it burns less gas . We 're saving a ton of money on fuel and capital costs , and we pass those savings on . " Though their model may come across as rather austere for a luxury product , Wilcox notes it 's more practical in the current climate . "  There 's a stigma attached to a corporation having their own airplanes right now , " he notes . "  So a lot of companies are looking for alternative solutions . For guys who are afraid to use airplanes because their shareholders wo n't like it , they use us . " JumpJet , a private jet service that launched last October , is hoping to bring the price of bookings down even further , so they 're on par with first - and business-class commercial flights . The company is still in the process of gathering members and plans to launch its first flights in May . Like JetSuite , JumpJet is a membership program , with plans starting at $ 2,350 per month  these include 10 U.S. domestic round trip flights of up to 3.5 hours  . Unlike JetSuites , JumpJet does n't own any planes . Rather , they purchase charters and allow members to divide the cost . "  We 're not one jet , one customer , which is a tradition for the industry , " notes Will Ashcroft , JumpJet 's CEO . Instead , JumpJet will try and pair members who are heading to the same place at the same time on a single flight . Read more : What women want : Hotels look to cater for more female business travelers While not all JumpJet flights will be equivalent to a first-class ticket , for a long-haul flight , the prices can be about equivalent , especially when you take into account the time savings . "  Most people give up three to five hours a day flying commercial , and when you fly private you get this time back , " says Ashcroft , referring to the hours saved avoiding security lines , bag checks and customs . "  Keeping that in mind , when you break down a coast-to-coast trip , it is $ 6,600 to fly JumpJet , versus $ 6,000 to fly first class with an airline . I 'd take a private jet any day . "	Private jet sales were practically stagnant in the U.S. last year New charter businesses let customers compare prices and book flights on private jets The companies also help jet owners fill empty planes at lower prices Some service providers use membership fees and bring down prices of flights
CNN  -- A Texas coroner declared the death of an adopted Russian boy accidental , prompting Moscow to demand a complete report from U.S. officials . Max Shatto , 3 , who was adopted from Russia , lived in Texas with his adoptive parents . He reportedly died on January 21 . Russia 's Foreign Ministry expressed concerns over the ruling about his death , saying it did not receive the information from U.S. officials , but from the media . It asked the United States to provide Russian consular representatives the relevant forensic documents , including a death certificate . "  We presume that this is not a final conclusion of the investigation . Still expect from the U.S. authorities -- both Texas and federal , including the U.S. Department of State -- the most complete information on the progress and results of the inquiry , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement . A medical examiner in Ector County determined the death was caused by a laceration of a small bowel artery due to blunt trauma to the abdominal area , said District Attorney Bobby Bland . After Texas boy 's death , Russian official continues call for ban on adoptions The bruising was consistent with a "  self-inflicted " injury , according to Bland . Toxicology reports were negative and there were no substances found that could have contributed to the child 's death . The sheriff 's office said it is conducting more investigations with other agencies . The boy 's death drew international attention after a Russian government child advocate said that the boy was "  killed " or "  murdered . " At a news conference last week , Children 's Rights Commissioner Pavel Astakhov said he tweeted those words based on the initial reports he received about the death . He acknowledged he may have spoken too soon . Still , he wants his country to ban all international adoptions of Russian children . The boy 's death aggravated U.S. State Department efforts to push through more than 500 adoption cases in which American families have already begun the process to adopt a Russian child before Moscow in December passed a law banning adoptions of Russian children by Americans . Families in limbo after adoption ban That law bans adoptions by Americans ostensibly because of documented cases of abuse by adoptive parents . But others say the Russian move is in retaliation for a U.S. law that places restrictions on Russian human rights abusers . Americans adopted close to 1,000 Russian children last year , according to State Department figures . Though the number has been dropping in recent years , Russia remains the third most popular foreign country -- after China and Ethiopia -- for U.S. foreign adoptions .	Russia 's Foreign Ministry expresses concerns over the ruling about his death It asks the United States to provide Russia with the relevant forensic documents Max Shatto , 3 , who was adopted from Russia , lived in Texas
The Hollywood Reporter  Roseanne Barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind . In an interview with The Daily Beast , Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma and told the website , "  My vision is closing in now . " The comedic actress said smoking marijuana is "  good medicine " for relieving the pressure in her eyes . Tribeca 2015 : 9 Must-see films "  It 's something weird . But there are other weird things . That one 's harsh , 'cause I read a lot , and then I thought , ` Well , I guess I could hire somebody to read for me and read to me . ' But I like words and I like looking . You do what you have to do . I just try and enjoy vision as much as possible -- y' know , living it up . My dad had it , too , " the actress said . Barr also defended her use of pot , saying , "  It 's expansive . It opens your mind " and "  It makes you wonder . It does n't close that down . " Roger Ailes : Why Fox News will never hire Jon Stewart Doctors have not given Barr a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility . The actress attended the Tribeca Film Festival in support of her documentary "  Roseanne for President ! " Directed by Eric Weinrib , the film follows Barr in her unsuccessful attempt to become the Green Party 's 2012 presidential nominee . The Peace and Freedom Party eventually made Barr its nominee .	Roseanne Barr told the Daily Beast that she is slowly going blind Barr said she has macular degeneration and glaucoma
CNN  -- Malik Bendjelloul , the acclaimed Swedish director who ran out of cash and finished shooting his Oscar-winning documentary "  Searching for Sugar Man " with a smartphone app , died suddenly Tuesday in Stockholm , police said . He was 36 . No crime is suspected in the death of the filmmaker , who won the 2013 Academy Award for his debut feature about an obscure American crooner who gained fame abroad but remained virtually unknown at home , Stockholm Police Sgt. Janne Gyllstedt told CNN . Gyllstedt would not specify the cause of death and said he was unable to disclose any additional information . "  Searching for Sugar Man " is the story of Sixto Rodriguez , a singer from Detroit who became a legend in South Africa . With lyrics such as "  The system 's gon na fall soon , to an angry young tune , " Rodriguez unwittingly became the voice of the anti-Apartheid struggle in the 1970s , even as his records flopped in his own country . "  A man who lives his whole life in Detroit working as a construction worker , without knowing that , at the very same time , he 's more famous than Elvis Presley in another part of the world , " Bendjelloul told CNN 's Poppy Harlow in 2012 . "  I thought it was the most beautiful story I 've ever heard in my life . " "  Searching for Sugar Man " producer Simon Chinn said in a statement : "  I felt so fortunate when Malik came into my life , with his charm , optimism and boundless energy and lack a guile , and now he is gone . It feels like a bright light has been snuffed out . " He added , "  As a filmmaker he was an inspiration -- someone who , despite his relative inexperience , was driven by a passion and determination to do justice to the great story he had found and to prove those  who  had doubted he could do it , of which there were too many , wrong . How he proved them wrong ! I feel honoured to have gone on this journey with him , and I simply ca n't believe he is gone . " Tom Bernard and Michael Barker of Sony Pictures Classics compared Bendjelloul to the subject of his debut feature . "  Much like Rodriguez himself , Malik was a genuine person who chased the world for stories to tell , " they said in a joint statement . "  He did n't chase fame or fortune or awards , although those accolades still found him as many others recognized his storytelling . " After running out of money for the film , Bendjelloul finished shooting the documentary using an iPhone app . "  I started shooting with a Super 8 camera which , in the end , was too expensive , " he told CNN . "  How am I going to finish ? Then one day I realized there was this app for the iPhone called the Super 8 app . It was $ 1 . It worked very well . Actually , I used that for the film . " The film gets its title from "  Sugar Man , " a 1970 Rodriguez song about a drug peddler . "  It was this lost masterpiece , like a Cinderella story , a fairy tale , " Bendjelloul said of Rodriguez 's life . "  I never heard anything like that . A story that was so rich and true . " Bendjelloul , who was born on September 17 , 1977 , in Sweden , performed in the Swedish TV series "  Ebba och Didrik " as a child in the 1990s and later studied journalism and media production at the Linnaeus University of Kalmar , according to imdb.com . He produced several musical documentaries for Swedish TV . Bendjelloul also worked as a reporter on the show "  Kobra " until he resigned to travel the world , which was when he first came across the story of Rodriguez , according to imdb.com . "  It 's a touching story that hits you in the heart , " he said . "  And also he 's such a lovable character . Everyone falls in love with him . He 's a person you can actually really love . " In 2013 , his debut feature beat out "  5 Broken Cameras , " "  The Gatekeepers , " "  How to Survive a Plague " and "  The Invisible War " for best documentary . "  Oh boy ! " Bendjelloul said in his acceptance speech . "  Thanks to one of the greatest singers ever , Rodriguez . " Bendjelloul had likened the Oscar to winning his native country 's Nobel Prize . "  This is the only one that is on the same level , " he said . People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	Director Malik Bendjelloul died suddenly in Stockholm , Sweden , police say Bendjelloul directed "  Searching for Sugar Man , " which won a best documentary Oscar Police say foul play is not suspected in the filmmaker 's death
CNN Student News  -- February 10 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Georgia Falkland Islands Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- An iron gate with the notorious Nazi slogan "  Arbeit Macht Frei " has been stolen from the former Dachau concentration camp in Germany , officials said . The slogan , which translates as "  Work sets you free , " became emblematic of the forced labor camps of World War II in which so many inmates died . The gate was stolen overnight from Saturday to Sunday , officials at the Dachau Concentration Camp Memorial said in an online statement . While this is the first such theft at Dachau , it 's not the first time that the slogan has been targeted by thieves . The famous "  Arbeit Macht Frei " sign at the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in Poland was stolen in 2009 . It was discovered shortly afterward cut into three pieces . The Dachau center 's director , Dr. Gabriele Hammermann , described this weekend 's theft as a "  deliberate , reprehensible attempt to deny and obliterate the memory of the crimes committed in this place . " The gate is of "  highly symbolic importance , " he said , and its removal is "  an attempt to demolish the memorial at its very core . " Hammermann said it was no coincidence that the theft occurred at a time when the number of survivors of the camps was dwindling due to their age -- and stressed that efforts to protect such historic sites and educate the public must continue , especially in the face of far-right radicalization . It 's not yet known who was behind the theft . Police and state security services are investigating , the Dachau Concentration Camp Memorial statement said . Dr. Max Mannheimer , a Holocaust survivor and vice president of the International Dachau Committee , said he was "  horrified that Nazis apparently so desecrated the memorial to those murdered here and violated the reverence due to such a place . " The Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial museum said , "  While we do not know who is behind the theft of the sign , the theft of such a symbolic object is an offensive attack on the memory of the Holocaust . " Germany charges 93-year-old as accessory to 300,000 Auschwitz murders According to the Dachau Concentration Camp Memorial , the gate was forged by inmates in one of the camp 's workshops after it first opened in 1933 for political prisoners . A Communist inmate was ordered by the SS to fashion the lettering "  Arbeit macht frei , " which was removed after the war and replaced by a reconstruction when the memorial was established in 1965 , it said . The propaganda slogan "  reflects Nazis ' attempts to appear harmless by presenting the concentration camp as a ` work and reeducation camp , ' " it said . Tens of thousands of Jewish , Sinti and Roma prisoners were also sent to the camp , many of whom died before it was liberated by U.S. Army troops in 1945 . Playing to live : Pianist survived Holocaust by performing for Nazis	The gate was stolen from the former Dachau concentration camp in Germany The slogan "  Arbeit Macht Frei " became emblematic of the Nazi camps Director : Theft is an attempt "  to deny ... the memory of the crimes committed in this place " The Arbeit Macht Frei " sign at the Auschwitz camp in Poland was stolen in 2009
Paris  CNN  -- France 's military intervention in Mali has surprised many who believed French foreign policy was committed to disengagement from international conflicts . The country 's refusal to commit forces to the war on Iraq in 2003 was interpreted in the United States -- not only in government but in the American media and public opinion -- as the consequence of a pacifist doctrine and even as a scandalous betrayal of its allies . More recently the withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan could have reinforced the impression that France was pulling out of international military commitments . The notion that France is withdrawing from international military engagements fails to grasp the realities of French foreign policy . France remains amongst the Western countries most likely to make a direct military intervention in a foreign country . It is not only consistent with French foreign policy doctrine -- France is also one of the few major global powers with the capacity to do so . It nonetheless legitimates questions about the consistency of French foreign policy . The socialist government just sent troops into Mali to combat Islamic extremists only days after President Francois Hollande refused to intervene in Central Africa after its government was asked for military assistance . President Hollande 's predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy ordered a military intervention in Libya against Colonel Gaddafi after refusing to engage his troops in the Ivory Coast during the initial phase of the crisis in that west African country . Panetta : U.S. could provide logistical , intel support in Mali So where is the logic in French foreign policy ? To answer this question , it is necessary to grasp that French foreign policy attempts to balance two sometimes conflicting goals -- objective and subjective . The first corresponds to French commitment to work with international institutions to maintain a global order that is multi-polar and regulated by law . The second refers to France 's goal of protecting and enhancing its own national interests . Let 's first take the "  objectivity " paradigm . France has consistently emphasized the pre-eminent role of the United Nations in conflict resolution . As a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council , French policy is based on the belief that international military interventions must seek the legitimacy of the United Nations . This does not mean smug French pacifism . On the contrary , membership on the security council imposes special obligations . France is willing to back a U.N. commitment to muscular military interventionism . France is actively involved in various U.N.-supervised military missions . France advocates that emerging countries be accepted as members of the U.N. Security Council if those countries show a commitment and capacity to take on the responsibility of U.N.-sanctioned military interventions . To cite one example , France has urged Brazil to take action in the Haitian crisis under the U.N. aegis . France considers itself an "  agent " of the United Nations where necessary , but often works behind the scenes to influence U.N. decisions . This occurred with Libya , following Moammar Gadhafi 's offensive on Benghazi . To do so , France imposed an expansive interpretation of the U.N. Resolution 1973 -LSB- that imposed a no-fly zone over Libya -RSB- . Its position highlighted a conception of international law and sovereignty opposed to that of China and Russia . The French position was even bolder than that of the United States and Great Britain . Indeed , one could argue that France was more aggressive than its allies about legally sanctioned military intervention in foreign countries . France 's status as the philosophical cradle of human rights also impacts its foreign policy . Recent French military interventions have invoked the need to protect civilians against their own government and to prevent crimes against humanity . We witnessed this in the case of Libya , but also in the mid-1990s when France intervened in Bosnia and Kosovo . In both cases , French intellectuals were exercising pressure in favor of intervention on behalf of human rights . These pressures can have a substantial impact in a country like France where intellectual elites work through petitions or direct influence on the government citing the special status of France in the world . They are less effective , of course , when there are obstacles within the U.N. Security Council , as in the case in the Syrian crisis . What 's behind instability in Mali ? FranÃ § ois Hollande has reaffirmed France 's commitment to have a special role in defense of human rights . At the same time , France 's "  subjective " interests can not be overlooked -- especially when the French "  post-colonial paradox " comes into play . Like Britain , France has stronger ties , and when necessary a greater military presence , in former colonies from Djibouti to Senegal . French colonial history explains why the government of Mali has called on France for military assistance to combat Islamic terrorism . At the same time , French governments are reluctant to intervene in these countries precisely because France wishes to avoid looking like a colonial master . It was easier for Nicolas Sarkozy to take a quick decision regarding Libya than on the Ivory Coast for this reason . Libya is not a former French colony . In like manner , FranÃ § ois Hollande 's refusal to directly involve the French army against the rebels held in Central Africa is partly based on a desire to avoid the accusation of French colonial meddling in the internal affairs of a former colony . Furthermore , France has to take into account the importance of migrants related to its former colonies . The intervention in the former Yugoslavia was also a message for the Muslim community that French interventionism was not inspired by the crusade spirit . And one could say the same for the French positions in Libyan , Ivory Coast or Syrian crisis . This time , in Mali , it must be acknowledged that the French intervention was desired by most of the Malians who live in France . The French counter-offensive has been in the works for many months . France feared , above all , the prospect of direct intervention . That 's why France was urging African countries to set up their own forces to support Mali . Direct French military action became urgent however when the Islamic insurgents threatened to invade the country 's southern region . Pragmatism suddenly took priority over law . In conclusion , France intervenes in foreign countries according both to doctrine and to the pragmatic parameters of circumstance . French foreign policy is based on balancing these sometimes conflicting goals of objectivity and subjectivity . In international relations , the hard reality is that actions are often commanded by facts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jean-Michel Blanquer	France 's refusal to commit forces to Iraq in 2003 was interpreted as a pacifist doctrine French foreign policy attempts to balance two sometimes conflicting goals , says Blanquer He says France has to take into account importance of migrants from former colonies French intervention was desired by most Malians in France , writes Blanquer
CNN  -- The man who paved the way for Seve Ballesteros to become one of the greatest golfers in history , Ramon Sota , has died at the age of 74 . Sota was not just the uncle and mentor of Ballesteros but a pioneer of the Spanish game during the 1960s and 1970s . Born on April 23 , 1938 , in Pedrena , Sota was one of the first Spanish golfers to compete on the tour alongside the Miguel brothers , Angel and Sebastian . At the age of just 18 , Sota won the first of his four Spanish championships before going on to win several other tournaments . Sota triumphed at the Open de France in 1965 , the Dutch Open in 1966 and 1971 , the Open de Portugal in 1963 , 1969 and 1970 , the Italian Open in 1971 and the Spanish Open in 1963 . He also won the Brazilian Open in 1965 , while finishing sixth at the Masters at Augusta in the same year , which was the best result by a European player at the time . After retiring in 1972 , Sota helped coach Ballesteros to land five major victories during an illustrious career . Ballesteros , who died at the age of 54 in May 2011 , was the first European to win the U.S. Masters when he picked up the first of his two Green Jackets in 1980 . He also won three British Open titles under the guidance of Sota . Javier Ballesteros takes first steps to emulating legendary dad Seve Tributes poured in for Sota on Twitter with Spanish golfer Pablo Larrazabal leading the way . Larrazabal tweeted : "  Ramon Sota won the French Open in 1965 , 43 years before I did ... Good memories from those afternoons seating at the putting green in PedreÃ ± a listening many of those historys ... Ramon Sota , thanks for all . " There was also a tribute from the Royal Spanish Golf Federation on their official website . "  The members of the Royal Spanish Golf Federation would like to express their deepest condolences to family and friends , " the federation said in a statement . Sota 's son Jose Antonio says his father 's philosophy was "  work , fight , recovery " and "  he had a competitive spirit and knew how to recover from a bad day " .	Ramon Sota has passed away at the age of 74 One of the first Spanish players to taste success on the tour Retired in 1972 before coaching his nephew Seve Ballesteros to five major titles Tributes to Sota flood in from the golfing community
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- A few reflections from survivors of the massacre at an Aurora , Colorado , theater from CNN interviews : ` That 's when I felt a big ole bang in my leg ' Bonnie Kate Pourciau , 18 , said she is "  not a huge Batman fan , really , " but decided to go to the movie after she and her friend Elizabeth Sumrall stopped at a hotel in Aurora en route from Seattle to their homes in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . When the gunfire broke out , Pourciau told CNN affiliate KMGH from her bed in Aurora Medical Center , she thought it was special effects in the movie . But she soon realized what was going on . "  That 's when I grabbed Elizabeth and we ducked under our seats . " Crouched behind her seat , she prayed . "  Lord , just protect us , keep us safe , " she recalled thinking . "  That 's when I felt a big ole bang in my leg . " Once the shooting stopped , Pourciau tried to run from the theater , but did n't get far . "  Of course , I fell because my knee is all gone , " she said about the bullet wound that shattered her knee . "  I tried to run and just stumbled and fell . " By now , Pourciau and her friend had separated in the panic , and another movie patron risked his life by helping her scramble to the exit , where she and Sumrall reunited , she said . "  Elizabeth laid me on the concrete , " and a police officer and a member of the National Guard soon approached . The officer carried her to a patrol car and the member of the National Guard wrapped her leg , which had been losing blood quickly . Despite the chaos , Pourciau said she felt calm . "  I was overwhelmed with the sense of security and peace -- that it was going to be OK , " she said . Having already undergone three surgeries on her leg , Pourciau said she expected to be transferred Thursday to a hospital closer to her home . ' A silver lining to a very dark cloud ' Baby Hugo was born Tuesday morning to Katie and Caleb Medley . They had gone to the movie as a treat before the expected delivery this week of their child . The gunfire did not strike Katie , but Caleb was shot in the face . He lost his right eye , suffered brain damage and is in critical condition . His brother said Caleb seems to understand what happened , but it was unclear whether he knew he has a baby boy . "  He 's making small improvements , baby steps every day , " said Seth Medley about his eldest brother . When the baby was taken into Caleb 's hospital room , "  he moved his hand towards the baby , trying to feel his son , trying to touch him . " Caleb 's heart rate and blood pressure rose , Seth said . Caleb had been doing standup comedy routines in Denver and was working full time at Target , but he had no health insurance , his brother said . Seth Medley said becoming an uncle was bittersweet for him . "  We were all looking forward to this , " he said . "  It 's a silver lining to a very dark cloud , but we all know Caleb , we know he 's a fighter , we know he 's not going to stay out of that child 's life for any length of time if he can avoid it . " Christian Bale visits victims , families honor lost loved ones ` There were kids , mothers and fathers ' Josh Nowlan survived the bloodbath in Aurora , and his friends hail him as a hero for shielding them with his body . Nowlan was shot in the left calf and right arm in the process . "  Of course I 'm glad it 's over with , and I 'm glad I 'm alive and I get to see my kids , " Nowlan , whose sons are 7 and 9 , said as his voice cracked with emotion . "  But I also think about , you know , the other people that were n't as lucky as I was . There were kids , mothers and fathers that were there , and they 're dead . I 'm still alive . " Nowlan said he wants to go back into the screening room where the killings took place , "  look down at that same seat and say ' I beat you . You did not take this life . ' " Tales of heroism abound from tragedy ` You do n't want to leave knowing that you said something ' Corbin Dates says he 's not sure how he survived the killings . He and a friend both escaped unhurt , and he said he has "  a blank feeling inside " when he looks back at the building . Remembering the victims But the experience left him sounding somewhat philosophical . "  Certain circumstances can happen at any time , " he said . "  Try to make the most of what you can with your family , your friends , colleagues , people that you probably had bad past relationships with . Because you do n't want to leave knowing that you said something , or did n't say enough . " ` Who expects to be shot in a movie theater ? ' Christina Blache was also wounded in the early Friday massacre . Her friend and co-worker , Alex "  Sully " Sullivan , was shot in the head , and Blache found out Saturday morning that he did n't survive . "  He was the whole reason we all went , " Blache said from her hospital bed . Brain condition may have helped saved shooting victim Blache served in the Air Force until four years ago , and her service included a stint in the Iraqi capital Baghdad . But at home , in a moviehouse , "  nobody was prepared " for the violence that was unleashed , she said . "  If you 're going over to a war zone , you know there 's the potential that you 're going to be shot at . Potential that mortars are going to come over the wall . Potential that somebody is going to throw a grenade at you . Where if you 're sitting in a movie theater trying to watch a movie with your friends , who expects to be shot in a movie theater ? None of us did . " ` I 'm going to live my life a little bit better ' Eric Hunter caught a glimpse of the killer 's eyes during the rampage . They "  looked pretty intense , " but betrayed no emotion , he said . Like others , Hunter said he thought the first three shots were a stunt , "  part of the moviegoing experience . " Then he heard nine more . He helped two teenage girls to safety as they fled the theater . Surviving with the guilt of living He says the killings have changed his life : "  I 'm going to be more cautious . I 'm going to live my life a little bit better and just enjoy myself . " CNN 's Don Lemon , Kyung Lah and Meredith Edwards contributed to this report .	NEW : Kate Pourciau says she felt "  overwhelmed " by calm despite chaos Josh Nowlan says he wants to go back into the theater where the killings took place Christina Blache , who served a stint in Iraq , says "  nobody was prepared " for violence Eric Hunter says he is going to "  live my life a little bit better "
CNN  -- The Turkish Airlines plane that crashed this week in Amsterdam fell almost vertically to the ground , making only a short track in the muddy farmer 's field where it went down , Dutch investigators said Friday . Dutch investigators continue to probe the crash site for more clues . That sudden drop indicates the aircraft did not have enough forward speed when it crashed , a spokesman for the Dutch Safety Board said , but the reasons for that are still unclear . It is too early to speculate on the cause of the crash , spokesman Fred Sanders told CNN . Reports that it was caused by engine failure are premature , he said . "  There must have been ... reasons why the plane did not get enough speed , " Sanders said . "  We do n't know yet why this came about , and that 's the main thing that will have to be investigated . " Wednesday 's crash of Flight 1951 from Istanbul , Turkey , to Amsterdam killed nine and injured more than 60 of the 135 people on board . The crash , less than 500 yards short of the runway , split the plane into three parts . Watch crash survivors return home " Weather conditions at the time were favorable . Passengers described feeling the plane suddenly drop before impact , and at least one passenger said he heard the pilot trying to give more power to the engines before the plane went down . Safety Board specialists are analyzing the flight data and voice recorders and expect to finish their work at the crash site this weekend , Sanders said . Pieces relevant to the probe will be brought to a hangar at Amsterdam Schiphol Airport for further analysis . Watch how survivors described crash " The Safety Board may release preliminary findings next week , Sanders said . The nine dead included five Turks and four Americans , said Theo Weterings , the mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality , where the airport is located . See where 737-800 has been involved in previous incidents " There were four Boeing employees on the flight , and three were killed , the company said Friday in a posting on its Web site , citing the U.S. Embassy in Amsterdam as its source . The fourth employee is hospitalized . The flight 's pilot , Captain Hasan Tahsin Arisan , with more than 12,000 hours in the cockpit of Boeing 737s , also died . Before becoming the pilot of passenger planes , Arisan was a Turkish Air Force squadron commander and F-4 Phantom Fighter pilot , famed for engaging in mock dog-fights with rival Greek pilots over the Aegean Sea . An airline workers union mired in an ugly labor dispute with Turkish Airlines called Friday for the resignation of the company 's top management , as well as the sacking of top government ministers . Atilay Aycin , the chairman of Hava-Is which claims to represent 12,000 workers , denounced Turkish Airlines executives at a news conference Friday , accusing them of "  failing to manage a crisis " and calling Wednesday 's plane crash "  work-related murder . " A week before the accident , Hava-Is published a statement that accused Turkish Airlines management of "  inviting a disaster " by "  ignoring the most basic function of flight safety , which is plane maintenance services . " After the crash , Turkish newspapers reported the Boeing 737 had had a series of malfunctions in the days and weeks before the fatal flight . Turkish Airlines defended its maintenance record . "  Turkish Airlines , which strictly follows its work on flight safety , followed all the maintenance procedures of the plane manufacturer -LSB- and -RSB- national and international authorities ' directives for this plane , " an airline statement said . In its news release , Turkish Airlines noted a signal light and a wing-flap had recently been replaced on the aircraft . Turkey 's flagship airline is well-rated internationally for its overall safety record . Some aviation industry experts in Turkey have played down the critical comments coming from Hava-Is , calling them overheated rhetoric . "  These are just political slogans , " said Savas Sen , a Turkish Airlines pilot and the head of Turkey Airline Pilots ' Association . "  It 's just like an argument between a child and his father . "	NEW : Dead pilot used to engage in mock dog fights when in Turkish air force Investigators : Turkish Airlines plane fell almost vertically to ground Sudden drop indicates aircraft did not have enough forward speed , official says Three Boeing employees killed , one remains hospitalized , company says
CNN  Sorry , ladies , but he put a ring on it . The trailer for "  Ted 2 " came out Thursday , and it 's everything you probably imagined . The film is the sequel to Seth MacFarlane 's very successful 2012 film about a foul-mouthed teddy bear . "  The Family Guy " creator once again wrote and directed . This time around , the stuffed animal is getting married , trying to legally prove that he 's human and attempting to have a baby via a sperm donation from his best friend , played by Mark Wahlberg . Yes , that 's a lot , we know . The trailer is deemed appropriate for "  approved audiences " and is definitely not for those who are adverse to butt crack humor . In addition to Wahlberg and MacFarlane  who voices Ted  , the film stars Amanda Seyfried and Morgan Freeman . "  Ted 2 " will be in theaters June 26 .	The film is a sequel to the successful 2012 film Seth MacFarlane returns as the writer/director The movie is out June 26
CNET  -- Google 's Chrome browser continued to carve away share of worldwide browser usage from rivals in May , new statistics show . Chrome rose 0.3 percentage points to 7.1 percent of share , said Net Applications , which monitors browser usage on a network of Web sites . The statistics reflect activity , not the number of people using a browser , as people load up about 160 million pages each month on sites Net Applications monitors . Because Web usage is increasing , the absolute number of people using a browser can increase even as its fractional share of usage drops . The share losses came from Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , which dropped 0.3 percent to 59.7 percent , and Mozilla 's Firefox , which dropped 0.2 percentage points to 24.4 percent . Fourth-place Safari from Apple rose 0.1 percentage points to 4.8 percent , and Opera rose 0.1 percentage points to 2.4 percent . The browser market has become hotly competitive with new features being built in to support new Web standards . Even Microsoft , long considered a technology laggard even as its browser dominated , is back in the game with aggresive work developing IE9 . Microsoft has been trying to rid the world of Internet Explorer 6 , introduced in 2001 and now considered outmoded , slow , and insecure . Even though IE lost share overall , Microsoft can point to progress in upgrading : The various versions of IE8 accounted for 28.9 percent of usage . Meanwhile , another analytics firm , StatCounter , reported IE6 use had dropped below 5 percent in the United States and Europe and to 9.8 percent worldwide . "  At these levels , Web developers now have valid justification not to support IE6 in the future , " StatCounter Chief Executive Aodhan Cullen said in a statement . The company collected its data from 15 billion page views of Web pages in May . Net Applications also released statistics for iPad use , showing gradual gains since the Apple tablet 's release . With the iPad now for sale internationally , usage peaked May 29 with 0.17 percent . Net Applications ' data shows the iPad is relatively popular on the weekend . Use generally is lowest as a fraction of browsing on Monday , climbs gradually as the weekdays progress , than roughly doubles on the weekend days . The company also tracked mobile-phone browsing usage . Java ME , a mobile phone version of the technology from Sun Microsystems and now owned by Oracle , took the top spot with 40 percent of usage share . Next in line was iPhone OS with 32.8 percent , Symbian at 14 percent , Android at 6.2 percent , and BlackBerry at 3.6 percent . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Chrome rose 0.3 percentage points to 7.1 percent of worldwide browser usage Statistics reflect activity , not the number of people using a browser Microsoft has been trying to rid the world of Internet Explorer 6
CNN  -- Virtually every online service requires users set up an account protected by a password , and the conventional wisdom is that you should n't use the same password for multiple accounts . This makes services that help users generate and store strong passwords very appealing . LastPass , one of the most popular password-storing services , announced Wednesday that it may have been hacked . The company is now asking many of its users to change what its marketing has been touting as "  the last password you 'll ever need . " LastPass , which manages passwords and reproduces users ' personal info for online forms by integrating with their computer or mobile Web browser , does n't know for certain whether its database of master passwords for user accounts was compromised . The company noticed some anomalies in data traffic to and from its servers that it could n't explain . But one possible explanation was a data breach . "  We 're going to be paranoid and assume the worst : that the data we stored in the database was somehow accessed , " wrote CEO Joe Siegrist . Not all LastPass users are equally at risk . According to the company : "  If you have a strong , nondictionary-based password or pass phrase , this should n't impact you . The potential threat here is brute-forcing your master password using dictionary words , then going to LastPass with that password to get your data . Unfortunately not everyone picks a master password that 's immune to brute forcing . " Initially , as a security measure , LastPass tried forcing all users to change their master passwords . But this slowed down their system too much . So now they 've implemented a system to verify user e-mail addresses . Once you verify your e-mail , most LastPass users can wait a few days to change the master password . What to do : If you use LastPass and your master password was a simple dictionary word , you should verify your e-mail with LastPass and then change to a stronger password sometime in the next few days . Security expert Bruce Schneier offers advice on choosing strong passwords . This LastPass incident indicates the importance of consumer-friendly communications about data security , especially for services that are actively marketed to , and popular with , nontech-savvy consumers . Many consumers are intimidated by online security . They keep hearing they face dire risks online and need to protect themselves -- but doing so on their own seems cumbersome and uncertain . The whole point of using a service like LastPass  or its competitors , such as RoboForm or 1Password  is to make an average person 's online experience simpler and safer . The catch is that the field of data security is highly complex and technical . Often , the people who are skilled enough at it to create reliable services that become popular with consumers are n't very good at communicating in ways that consumers understand . This can inadvertently create fear , uncertainty and doubt , which can backfire on data security vendors and consumers alike . For example , Siegert 's LastPass blog post announcing the possible breach included passages like this : "  We know roughly the amount of data transferred and that it 's big enough to have transferred people 's e-mail addresses , the server salt and their salted password hashes from the database . We also know that the amount of data taken is n't remotely enough to have pulled many users ' encrypted data blobs . " Similarly , the last line in that post as of this writing  further updates might be possible  instructs users : "  You can access your data via LastPass in offline mode  pull the cable out of the wall , then login  or by downloading LastPass Pocket : https://lastpass.com/misc_download.php  choose your OS  . " However , it 's unclear which kind of data users can access this way , or how this step might help them , or how they can decide whether they should do this . Furthermore , "  pull the cable out of the wall " sounds rather daunting . Without further clarification , an instruction like that might cause some nontechnical users to inadvertently damage their home broadband connections . I 'm not saying LastPass did anything wrong here . I agree with Wall Street Journal technology editor Ben Rooney that LastPass acted quickly and responsibly to protect its customers . Still , the way the company has been communicating so far about this incident with its customers , most of whom probably are n't as tech-savvy as Rooney , leaves something to be desired . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	LastPass announced Wednesday that it may have been hacked Not all LastPass users are equally at risk , however LastPass noticed some anomalies in data traffic to and from its servers that it could n't explain
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic retained his Miami Masters 1000 title with an emphatic 6-1 7-6 final victory over Britain 's Andy Murray Sunday . The World No. 1 was at his relentless best to avoid a repeat of his defeat to Murray in Dubai last month . The pair had also played an epic semifinal in the Australian Open at the start of the year , Djokovic going on to take the opening grand slam of the season . This was the Serbian 's first title since his Melbourne heroics and his third on the hard courts of Crandon Park . World No. 4 Murray was always on the back foot after losing the opening set , being broken twice and unable to make an impression on the rock solid Djokovic service . Murray fought hard in the second set , clinging on to his own service despite being taken to deuce four times . Djokovic gained the early mini-break in the tiebreak and always kept his nose in front . Murray closed to 3-2 after winning a 25-shot rally with a backhand sliced drop shot , but he double faulted on the next point and Djokovic took full advantage . He closed out the tiebreak and the match as Murray hit long , but admitted after his win that the latter stages of the second set were crucial . "  Andy was very close to winning the second set . The match could have gone either way , " he said in his post-match interview . "  I had opportunities to break in the second set and close out the match quicker but then he might have won it later on . "  I thought I played really well from beginning to end . There were a lot of long rallies and they were tough conditions . " Both players will now return to Europe for the clay court season where Djokovic will be searching for his first French Open title , while Murray will continue his quest for a first grand slam title under new coach Ivan Lendl .	Novak Djokovic retains Miami Masters 1000 title Serb beats Britain 's Andy Murray 6-1 7-6  4  in the final Murray can only force a single break point in the final Djokovic winning for third time at Crandon Park
CNN  -- Hot air balloon rides at Egypt 's popular tourist destination of Luxor are set to resume Wednesday , according to a statement on the Egyptian Civil Aviation Regulatory Commission 's  CARC  website  Arabic  . President of the CARC , Mohamed Ibrahim Sherif , confirmed balloon flights would restart , the Egypt Independent reported . Hot air balloon rides were banned in Luxor after a February 26 accident that killed 19 tourists . Preliminary investigations suggested that gas canisters aboard the balloon exploded , causing it to plummet about 1,000 feet  300 meters  to the ground . It was the world 's deadliest hot air balloon accident in at least 20 years . Read more : Balloon crash kills 19 Sky Cruise , the company involved , remains banned from operation pending further investigation . All Ultramagic N-425 balloons , the model of balloon in the accident , are also still grounded , according to a translation of the statement . In addition , hot air balloons in operation will be subject to inspection and companies will have to follow new mandatory regulations . Read more : How safe is hot air ballooning ? According to the statement , all pilots , engineers and ground crew will need to undertake hazardous situation and extra safety training . Passengers will also be required to sign liability documents stating they understand they are flying at their own risk . Read more : Balloon disaster ` blow ' for tourism Luxor is among Egypt 's top tourist draws . Visitors go to see ancient temples and tombs , and travel sites often recommend hot air balloon trips . Balloon rides offering panoramic aerial views of the Nile River and the ancient temples of Karnak and Hatshepsut are a popular tourist attraction in Luxor , about a nine-hour drive southeast of Cairo . Read more : Vacationers recall glorious balloon rides Qin Xie contributed to this report .	Flights set to resume Wednesday , according to statement Balloon flights grounded since tragic February accident Luxor is among Egypt 's top tourist draws
CNN  -- Former Gov. Jeb Bush recently argued in an op-ed that Hispanic voters will represent the margin of victory in the 15 swing states that will decide who will win the race for the White House . Is his political intuition right ? And if it is , how do both parties significantly increase their chances of winning the Hispanic vote ? Determining what qualifies as a swing state is not an exact science , but the best estimate nine months out is as follows : Arizona , Colorado , Florida , Indiana , Iowa , Michigan , Missouri , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Wisconsin . The key for political parties is registering Hispanics to vote . According to the U.S. Census , 84 % of Hispanic registered voters reported voting in 2008 . In North Carolina , not generally considered a "  Hispanic state , " from 2000 to 2010 the Hispanic population grew 111 % . Between January 2008 and November 4 , 2008 , Hispanic voter registration in North Carolina grew by 62 % , from 42,000 to 68,000 . Obama won the state by only 14,177 votes . Since then , Hispanic voter registration in North Carolina has nearly doubled to 130,615 . According to the U.S. Census , in 2010 there were 492,330 Latinos of voting age in North Carolina , representing a clear opportunity for both parties . In a tight race , Hispanic voters could be the margin of victory in 12 of the 15 swing states .  For more state by state data , click here Three important points about Hispanic swing voters : -- Hispanics lean Democratic , but it 's not a base Democratic vote . Hispanics cast their ballots on issues and in favor of the candidates rather than for the party , much like 40 % of the population , which is now considered independent . -- Campaigns need to communicate to Hispanics in both English and Spanish . A strategic move behind President Obama winning 67 % of Hispanic vote was his campaign 's outspending McCain in the Spanish language media by five to one . -- Hispanic adults are more engaged in the social Web than non-Hispanics , over-indexing as creators , critics , collectors , joiners in and spectators of social networks . In addressing the concerns of this demographic , no candidate can ignore the issue of immigration reform , particularly when it comes to young , first-time voters . Each month 50,000 Hispanics in the United States turn 18 . These young voters power Latino social networks , connecting on Facebook and tweeting voters across the country . Imagine the response when the hardworking mom or dad of these young voters is called a "  criminal " by a candidate . A recent Pew survey found that Latinos , by 91 % , support legislation known as the Dream Act that would give legal status to illegal immigrants who earn college degrees or serve in the military for two years . Imagine the waves across social media when the Dream Act is not aggressively pursued or summarily dismissed . And immigration -- and its power to alienate or attract voters -- is the key for both parties , not just Republicans . Yet , so far for both parties , immigration has been kryptonite . President Obama broke his promise to introduce an immigration reform bill during his first year in office . He deported 1.2 million Latinos , including 46,000 parents of American citizens . His draconian policies left thousands of frightened children languishing in foster care , which brought an onslaught of negative Spanish-language media . Heading into the presidential campaign , President Obama 's approval rating among Latinos has plunged 36 points since April 2009 -- from 85 % to 49 % , according to a recent Pew survey . Obama 's potential opponent , Republican front-runner Mitt Romney , wants to make life so unbearable for Hispanics working here illegally that they will "  self-deport . " Passing apartheid-like laws to pressure Hispanic undocumented workers to leave the country is central to Romney 's platform . Witness the laws passed in Alabama , Arizona and South Carolina , whose chief architect , Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach , happily endorsed Romney , advises the campaign and acts as a surrogate . To win over Hispanic voters , both President Obama and the GOP nominee need to smother the kryptonite that the issue of immigration has become with a lead blanket of comprehensive immigration reform , supported by strong majorities of Hispanic swing voters and a majority of independents and the general public . Only then can the conversation between Hispanic voters and the candidate really begin . In the 2008 election there was a 30 % swing of Hispanic votes away from the Republican Party 's share of the vote in 2004 . This swing vote was enough to elect Barack Obama to the White House and turn six states -- Colorado , Florida , Indiana , New Mexico , Nevada and Virginia -- from red to blue . Any candidate or campaign that ignores Hispanic swing voters does it at their peril . For a Spanish-language version of this article , click here / Lea este artículo en español Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Jeb Bush said Hispanic voters will represent margin of victory in 15 swing states Charles Garcia says the growth of the Hispanic population is making it a crucial voting bloc Candidates from both parties must rethink their stances on immigration , he says
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey said Thursday that it will act against "  hostile action " by Syria as troops and tanks deployed to the border after the downing of a Turkish jet last week . "  The incident of our unarmed plane on a test and training mission being shot down by Syria on June 22 , 2012 in international airspace , has been discussed in detail , " said a statement from Turkey 's National Security Council after a five-hour meeting . "  It has been stressed that Turkey will act with determination against this hostile action reserving all its rights arising from international law , " the statement said . The military deployment along Turkey 's border with Syria is linked to rising tensions between the neighboring nations after the jet went down , a Turkish government official said Thursday . The apparent bolstering of its border force comes only two days after Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said his country was changing its military rules of engagement . It now will treat a military approach toward its borders by Syria as a potential threat that "  will be dealt with accordingly , " he said . "  It seems that this is an implication of what the prime minister said in his speech , " the Turkish official , who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak on the record , said when questioned on reports of troop movements in the border area . A man from the border village of Guvecci , who asked not to be named for security reasons , said that personnel had been arriving for the past two or three days . "  They are coming in military vehicles . We hear that such transfers are taking place to all border stations , " he said . Is Turkey moving toward ` hard power ' over Syria ? Turkish state TV channel TRT gave details of military convoy movements in border areas on its website Thursday , saying trucks loaded with tanks had been moved to a military unit on the border with Syria . "  There were also air-defense systems among the military transfer of military vehicles and tanks , " it reported . The semi-official Anatolia news agency also reported the transfer of armored vehicles to military posts in some districts of Sanliurfa and Hatay , along the border , on Wednesday . Relations between the two countries , already strained , have worsened significantly since Syria shot down a Turkish F-4 Phantom jet on Friday . Both sides say the jet strayed into Syrian airspace , but Turkey says the incursion was accidental and quickly corrected . Syria 's response drew sharp condemnation from NATO , but the alliance did not promise any action in response to the incident . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Turkey did not invoke the NATO article calling for collective defense of members . Turkey , while not seeking specific action , asked NATO members to study a range of ways a no-fly zone could potentially help the situation and ease threats , a senior U.S. official said . It is "  not clear what , if anything , will be done , " the official said . The request was first reported by The Telegraph , which described it as a request for a "  contingency plan . " The Telegraph cited a U.S. government source in saying the request took members by surprise but was now being taken back to the countries ' capitals for consideration . For its part , the U.S. military planning includes a scenario for a no-fly zone as well as protecting chemical and biological sites , CNN has reported previously . Officials say all the scenarios would be difficult to enact and must involve large numbers of U.S. troops and extended operations . Meanwhile , the search for the jet 's pilots continued . Turkey 's chief of general staff said in an online statement Thursday that an area measuring 70 miles by 23 miles has been scanned , "  however neither our pilots nor the wreckage of the plane have been reached so far . " Some parts of the plane and some items belonging to the pilots have been found , however , the statement said . Five military vessels , a plane and four search-and-rescue helicopters have been involved in the around-the-clock search since the plane was lost , it said . In addition , a navy hydrographic survey ship started a deep water search Tuesday . A Syrian official said Wednesday that his country 's forces might have thought the Turkish jet it downed was from Israel . "  As you know , there is a country called Israel there and , as you know , this Zionism country 's planes are very similar . And because they both are from the same factory , from the U.S. , maybe Syria thought it was an Israeli plane , " Syrian Information Minister Omran Al Zubi told the Turkish A Haber channel . Speaking Tuesday in Ankara , Erdogan stressed that his country is n't an aggressor , but will respond bluntly to threats . "  I express this at every opportunity : We never have our eyes on any country 's lands . We do n't show a hostile attitude against any country . We never threaten the security of any country , " he said in remarks aired on CNN Turk . "  We never hesitate to respond in the harshest way and do what is necessary with all our existing power , as well as with the power and inspiration that we get from our history , against hostile attitudes , attacks and threats against us . " Syria raised the stakes Monday in the war of words over the incident . Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi said the plane was shot down in Syrian airspace , disputing Turkey 's claim that it was downed over international waters after briefly straying into Syrian airspace by mistake . "  What happened was a violation of Syrian airspace . Even Turkey says Syrian sovereignty was violated . Regardless of whether it was a training mission , a reconnaissance mission , it was a violation , " Makdissi said . Photos : In Syrian hospital , no escape from war CNN 's Ivan Watson and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkey asks NATO to consider no-fly zone , senior U.S. official says Turkey 's National Security Council says it will act against "  hostile action " by Syria Air defense systems and tanks have been moved to the border , state media says Personnel have been arriving in military vehicles for two or three days , a villager says
