CNN  -- What do you remember about April 20 , 1999 ? Families visit the graves of the Columbine shooting victims at Chapel Hill Memorial Gardens in 2007 . If you recall that two unpopular teenage boys from the Trench Coat Mafia sought revenge against the jocks by shooting up Columbine High School , you 're wrong . But you 're not alone . Ten years after the massacre in Littleton , Colorado , there 's still a collective memory of two Goth-obsessed loners , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , who went on a shooting rampage and killed 12 of their classmates and a teacher , injured 23 others and then turned their guns on themselves . Journalist and author Dave Cullen was one of the first to take on what he calls the myths of Columbine . He kept at it for a decade , challenging what the media and law enforcement officials reported . "  Kids had never been attacked in this kind of way until Columbine , " he recently told CNN . "  I just had to find out what happened to those kids . " See if you know what really happened at Columbine " Cullen 's book , "  Columbine , " was released this month -- just in time for today 's 10th anniversary of the shooting at the Colorado high school . While tackling popular misconceptions , Cullen also gives a riveting account of what happened that day and how the survivors view the event that marked their lives forever . Cullen concluded that the killers were n't part of the Trench Coat Mafia , that they were n't bullied by other students and that they did n't target popular jocks , African-Americans or any other group . A school shooting was n't their initial intent , he said . They wanted to bomb their school in an attack they hoped would make them more infamous than Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh . The Columbine tragedy left a lasting mark on many Americans , largely because of the media 's around-the-clock coverage in the days and weeks following the shooting . Columbine was named the top news story of 1999 with nearly 70 percent of Americans saying they "  followed -LSB- Columbine -RSB- very closely , " according to a Pew Research Center study . Watch parents reflect on children lost at Columbine " When media coverage faded , reporters and investigators soon learned that some of the initial reports were wrong . Cullen writes about the misperceptions : "  Facts rush in , the fog lifts , an accurate picture solidifies . The public accepts this , but the final portrait is the farthest from the truth . " Officials at the Jefferson County Sheriff 's office agreed that the Trench Coat Mafia , among other myths , were false . Lead investigator Kate Battan said the 10-year anniversary offers a chance to clear up the misconceptions . "  It was the first big event where cell phones were around , and I had witnesses giving information to the media before I even got to it , " she said . "  A lot of that information was wrong . " For example , many in the media initially reported that 17-year-old Cassie Bernall , a Christian , answered "  yes " when asked if she believed in God before she was shot to death . She became a poster child for the Evangelical movement after her death . But investigators and student witnesses later told Cullen that it was another student , Valeen Schnurr , who avowed her belief in God as she was shot . Schnurr survived . Cullen 's first book reading was in Denver , Colorado , a few weeks ago . He said most of the 150 guests , despite their close proximity to Littleton and the shootings , still believed that Harris and Klebold targeted certain classmates , among many other misperceptions . Today , after carefully combing through the boy 's diaries , school assignments and police documents , journalists and investigators agree there is no evidence the killers singled out the jocks in a hit list . In fact , their victims varied in race , popularity , religion and age . Cullen said the myths were so widely reported that they were hard to take back later . "  You would have to go through a lot of corrections , " Cullen said . "  You would need to have something blockbuster to shake them -LSB- the public -RSB- up and say ` Everything you know about Columbine , let it go . ' " Psychologists who study memory say people tend to remember first impressions . In the case of Columbine , what the public first saw and heard in the news tended to stick with them . Professor Elizabeth Loftus at the University of California-Irvine , who specializes in memory , said myths continue to be validated when people start talking with others about an event . Once memories are embedded , people resist changing their minds , experts say . "  Memories often fade and get more distorted as time passes , " Loftus said Five months after Columbine , Cullen wrote an article published on Salon.com revealing that most members of a group dubbed the Trench Coat Mafia had graduated years earlier . The Trench Coat Mafia was a nonviolent school group of computer gamers established a few years before the shooting , Cullen said . They feuded with the jocks and wore black trench coats . Harris and Klebold were not members , Cullen concluded after talking to students at the school and analyzing police documents . Neither boy appeared in the Trench Coat Mafia 's yearbook group photo in 1998 . iReport.com : How did Columbine affect you ? The two killers were far from normal teens . Harris was a psychopath and Klebold battled depression , according to psychologists cited in the book . Even so , they also were n't the extreme social outcasts and loners depicted in the early days of media coverage . Records released later by the Jefferson County Sheriff 's office showed that Harris and Klebold had their own circle of friends . Klebold took a date to the prom , riding with a dozen friends in a limo , just days before the shooting . "  I do n't believe bullying caused Columbine , " Jeff Kass , who covered the story for the Rocky Mountain News , told CNN . "  My key reason for that is they never mentioned it in their diaries . " After a decade of research , including hundreds of interviews and relentless requests for evidence and documents , Kass also released a book this month called "  Columbine : A True Crime Story . " It provides comprehensive profiles of the killers and their motives . Kass was able to get Klebold 's college application essay through public records requests . The essay indicated he was a complex teen , who acknowledged hanging with the wrong crowd during his sophomore and junior years . Cullen , the original Columbine debunker , theorizes that the public was afraid to believe Harris and Klebold were n't total outcasts . By identifying them as goth loners who were "  weird " or "  oddballs , " it was easier to set them apart from other students and for schools to distinguish future potential shooters , he said . "  The bombs were inconsistent with what we remember , " Cullen said . "  We dropped the one that was true and kept the myth . " Kirsten Kreiling , president of the Columbine Memorial Foundation , said she believed the initial reports that the killers were in the Trench Coat Mafia and targeted jocks . So did many other people in the community . Ten years later , Kreiling , who has diligently kept up with news reports on Columbine , knows those initial reports were false . She realizes many people still accept the myths and hopes the truth of what happened at Columbine will some day replace the popular misconceptions . "  Understanding what happened can help us try to prevent these things from happening again in the future , " she said . "  If you do n't understand history , you are doomed to repeat it . "	Columbine was named the top news story of 1999 , according to the Pew Center When media coverage faded , officials learned some of the initial reports were wrong One myth is Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were part of the Trench Coat Mafia Killers wanted to be more infamous than Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- The tech industry is currently all about mobile . Smartphones are seeing huge growth , and there are a huge number of players trying to get a slice of the money consumers are spending . Mobile World Congress in Barcelona is the one big opportunity for companies to show off the models they are hoping will capture the imagination of customers . Like last year , the show belongs to Google . Almost all of the hot smart phones announced here run Android , Google 's phone operating system that is making a decent fist of competing with the other main player in this space , Apple 's iPhone . Read more : Google 's Schmidt warns of ` digital caste system ' The trouble is , if your company makes mobile phones , it can be hard to stand out from the crowd . Manufacturers are trying several ways to stand out at MWC this year , from a phone that becomes a tablet when you slide it into a separate dock , to a tablet you can draw on using a specially designed pen via a phone that has a projector inside it . To make the sameness worse , Android is designed so that anyone can take the software , put it on their phone and that it will work with the same experience . To try to avoid their products becoming commoditized , manufacturers have been customizing the software to make their mobiles feel different to the competition . This has been a mostly bad strategy as it has meant that , whenever Google has issued an update to the Android software , it has taken ages for the new version to make it through to ordinary consumers , and customers have been complaining in droves . Companies seem to have learned their lesson though , keeping the tweaks to their new models to a minimum . The other big trend is more mobile power . Quad-core processors are appearing inside all the manufacturers ' high-end models , which gives them more speed than a typical computer from a few years ago . Whether consumers actually need all this power is an open question , but it opens the door to more exciting , realistic-looking games to appear on mobiles in the future . Trade shows are great levelers . If your product is good enough , you can make a big impact even if you are a small or unknown company . Huawei is one such company that could be giving the likes of Sony , Samsung and HTC some problems in the future , another is ZTE . Both have announced some high-end models that can easily compete with the very best in the industry , and they should be cheap too . Expect to hear more from these players in the future . But the star of the show is undoubtedly Nokia , which has stolen the headlines with the announcement of a mobile with a 41-megapixel camera -- that 's significantly more megapixels than in most cameras people own . Read more : 41 megapixel camera phone The idea is that it gives much better quality shots when you zoom in compared to a normal camera phone , which matters because there is no room for a big zoom lens on a typical mobile . The only downside is that it is running Symbian , the platform Nokia is in the process of dumping , rather than its operating system of choice , Windows Phone . But as a great show story , it ca n't be beaten . The elephant in the room is Apple . The company does n't exhibit at Mobile World Congress , preferring to create buzz around its own events . But it still feels like it 's everywhere . As yet , only Samsung has had much success in competing with Apple at the high end , but they are all watching what Apple does with interest and keeping their fingers crossed for a monster hit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Jenkins	Manufacturers struggling to stand out in the mobile-obsessed tech industry , says Jason Jenkins Jenkins says Android operating system contributes to "  sameness " Phone makers including more power , but he questions whether consumers need it
CNN  -- The "  King of Pop " had been topping music charts long before he ever pulled on that white-sequined glove , made the moonwalk a household move and sent screaming fans into a frenzy . In spite of all of the rumors and his "  Wacko Jacko " persona , Jackson 's musical draw remained strong . But the spotlight that followed Michael Jackson , earned him headlines and made him a tabloid favorite as an adult , often had little to do with the artistry . While filming a commercial for Pepsi in 1984 , a pyrotechnic accident set his hair ablaze , leaving him with second-degree burns on his scalp and igniting what would eventually became an odyssey of reconstructive work . Rumors about his face , the ever-changing nose and lightening skin fueled the "  Wacko Jacko " persona , a moniker he 'd be given later and seem to embrace . There was , for instance , Bubbles , a chimpanzee he adopted , befriended and allowed to share his toilet . Jackson did n't fight and even perpetuated claims , even though they were n't true , that he 'd bought the remains of The Elephant Man and slept in a hyperbaric chamber -- although he would deny both years later during an interview with Oprah Winfrey . It was then , in that 1993 interview , that he also shot down rumors that he was dying his skin to make it lighter . Instead , he spoke for the first time about having vitiligo , a skin pigmentation disorder . iReport.com : Share your favorite Jackson memory Meantime , he had designed his dream home , the Neverland Ranch in Santa Ynez , California , as if he were the Peter Pan he so admired . Replete with a zoo , his own amusement park and the bevy of children who surrounded , played and sometimes slept over with him , he proudly set out to recapture the childhood he publicly said he 'd never had . Allegations of what went on privately , however , landed him in a big-boy pool of legal hot water . He was accused of sexually abusing a 13-year-old boy . Soon after came talk about his addiction to prescription drugs . He settled the civil lawsuit with the accusing family in 1994 and was never charged criminally . Then came the shocking , albeit relatively short-lived , marriage to Lisa Marie Presley -- a move that set off a whole new round of speculations . More facts about Jackson 's life " Did he tie the knot to fight the child abuse speculations that dogged him ? Was this eccentric "  King " aspiring to be the son-in-law of "  The King , " Elvis Presley ? Or could it have been true love ? Despite this two-year marriage , and the reported relationships he 'd had earlier with Tatum O'Neal , Stephanie Mills and Brooke Shields , Jackson remained sexually ambiguous and , in many people 's eyes , sexless altogether . He 'd later marry once more for several years , this time a nurse named Debbie Rowe . People debated whether they consummated that marriage or if artificial insemination played a role , but Jackson left in 1999 with custody of two children , a son known as Prince Michael and a daughter named Paris . For years when they appeared in public , the children wore veils or masks . Prince Michael II was born in 2002 . An unidentified woman gave birth after reportedly being artificially inseminated with Jackson 's sperm . His second son was semi-revealed to the public in Berlin , Germany , when Jackson momentarily dangled the baby , his face hidden beneath a blanket , over a balcony four stories above the ground and a mass of fans . Watch Jackson introduce Prince Michael II " It was yet another move that spawned talk and accusations , and it was one he 'd apologize for later . In recent years there was yet another child sexual abuse accusation , one Jackson was acquitted of in May 2005 . The trial was a media spectacle , and one where the fashion icon wore his pajama bottoms to court and danced atop a car . He also had enormous financial problems to deal with and narrowly escaped bankruptcy and foreclosure on his Neverland property . But in spite of all of this , Jackson 's draw remained strong . More than 25 years after the release of his epic album , "  Thriller , " it was being celebrated again . He was scheduled to start what he described at a March press conference as his "  final curtain call " concert tour , which had recently been postponed to next year . See Jackson make his final tour announcement " What Jackson would have brought to the stage then , and to the headlines before and after , will never be known . What is certain is that he 's one who 'll always be remembered .	Michael Jackson , the "  King of Pop , " made headlines for more than his music "  Wacko Jacko " known for Bubbles the chimp , his changing nose and skin tone At Neverland Ranch , he played Peter Pan , amid a zoo , rides and lots of kids He was dogged by accusations and whispers , but a comeback tour was on tap
CNN  As expected , the radical left party Syriza was the big winner of the Greek elections , coming only two seats short of an absolute majority in parliament . But it 's unclear if new Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras will be able to effectively pursue his anti-austerity agenda and renegotiate the terms of the Greek bailout with creditors -- and he will surely need to make a number of concessions to its coalition partners , the Independent Greeks , a right-wing anti-immigration party . What does this victory mean for Greece and for the debt-ridden countries of southern Europe ? For Greece , this is a decisive step in the demise of PASOK and New Democracy , the parties that have been in power for 40 years . Secondly , it shows the failure of the political strategy pursued by the Troika  the European Central Bank , IMF and European Commission  to implement austerity in southern Europe by relying on centrist parties to form a cartel that is insulated from voters . Austerity is of course the main culprit for the death of traditional politics in Greece . This is mainly because it has undermined the system of mass party patronage on which the two traditional big parties on the center-left  PASOK  and center-right  New Democracy  have relied on to alternate in power . READ MORE : What 's next for Greece ? For four decades , politicians from both parties built their electoral success on the distribution of political spoils in exchange for votes : public sector jobs  for their affiliated trade unions  , infrastructure projects , protection from competitors through licensing and closed shops  for taxi drivers ; truck drivers  , and social benefits targeted at particular occupations , among other perks and benefits benefiting party supporters . "  Pork barrel politics , " as it is known , has long been the cornerstone of Greek politics -- and also one of the causes of the deep economic problems it is facing now . This immensely costly system was able to survive at the cost of high inflation and currency devaluations  before the euro  or mounting public debt  since Greece 's entry into the euro  . But when the interest rates on government bonds shot up and debt could no longer be used to finance the spoils system , Greece was taken to the brink of bankruptcy . When the Troika imposed a drastic program of austerity and liberalization , PASOK and New Democracy were deprived of the very tools they had relied on for so long to stay in power . Turning off the tap of public spending was like slitting their own wrists : voters and their traditional clienteles abandoned them because they had no real ideological program other than running the state . This problem was particularly brutal for PASOK , which collapsed from nearly 40 % support before the crisis to 4 % today . This opened up room for new challengers on the left  Syriza  promising a rupture with the old elites , but also on the far right  Golden Dawn  . The victory of Syriza also signals the broader failure of the political strategy that has been employed to implement austerity in the debt-ridden countries of southern Europe -- a strategy best described as "  cartel politics " . Cartel politics involves the formation of political alliances between the ruling centrist parties to implement austerity . Just as competing firms sometimes agree to fix prices or production levels , competing political parties agree to put their ideological differences aside to cling to power together in spite of the huge unpopularity of the policies they put in place . This is essentially what happened in Greece with the PASOK-New Democracy government , but also in Italy with the technocratic cabinet of Mario Monti or the grand coalition of Enrico Letta , which united the center-left Democratic Party and Silvio Berlusconi 's right-wing PdL . In Portugal , another country in dire economic conditions , the socialist minority government of José Socrates also benefited from the informal support of its main center-right counterpart to carry out austerity measures and avoid a bailout  which failed  . In Spain , the nascent rise of the left-wing Podemos party can also be explained by the lack of differentiation of center-left and center-right policies before and after the crisis , even if it never materialized in a de facto coalition . Forming political cartels is understandable in a context where any party in office is bound to have to pass unpopular policies  spending cuts , tax hikes  imposed by creditors that will cost votes and alienate a sizable share of the electorate . It is a good way to stay in office in the short term , but it is a terrible way to keep votes in the medium and long term , because no choice is presented to citizens . Whoever they vote for , the policies will be the same , and they will be painful . Abstention and apathy grows and voters become attracted to challengers promising an alternative . As the electoral base of centrist parties shrinks , the only way for them to remain in power is to band together to compensate for the loss of voters , until this electoral base becomes too small to stay in government . Syriza is the first challenger to break the Greek political cartel . Greece may be a special case because of the extent of its economic collapse , but other movements elsewhere are also looming on the horizon . In Spain , Podemos has been leading the polls in spite of the fact that it was created less than a year ago . In Italy , Beppe Grillo 's 5 Star movement has made a breakthrough in the last European elections . Others will surge if politicians continue to believe that democracy can be put on hold to satisfy markets .	Anti-austerity party Syriza claims victory in Greek elections Afonso : Syriza is the first party to break one of southern Europe 's political cartels Afonso : Others countries may follow suit if politicians put democracy on hold to satisfy markets
CNN  -- The company that produced the peanut butter linked to a nationwide salmonella outbreak said late Tuesday that it was voluntarily recalling all products made in its Blakely , Georgia , plant . Salmonella bacteria are transmitted to humans by eating contaminated foods . The Peanut Corporation of America , a peanut processing company , made the peanut butter sold by King Nut company . Health officials in Minnesota have said that salmonella they linked to an open container of King Nut peanut butter was the same strain of bacteria responsible for the apparently ongoing outbreak , which has infected at least 434 people in 43 states . However , the King Nut product is unlikely to be responsible for the entire outbreak , since it distributes its peanut butter only to food service companies in just seven states : Ohio , Minnesota , Michigan , North Dakota , Arizona , Idaho and New Hampshire . So , the Peanut Corporation of America said it was voluntarily recalling all peanut butter produced in its Blakely plant "  out of an abundance of caution . " Some of it is distributed to another company . What you need to know about food poisoning " "  We deeply regret that this has happened , " company president Stewart Parnell said . Over the past few days , Food and Drug Administration inspectors visited the Blakely plant , where they took hundreds of samples for testing , Parnell said . The salmonella outbreak has been spreading across much of the country since September . Salmonella enterica serotype Typhimurium played a role in the deaths of an elderly person from southwestern Virginia and an adult from northern Virginia . The third death was a nursing home resident in her 70s in Minnesota . All three of the patients who died had underlying illnesses that could have contributed to their deaths , state officials said . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in a written statement , has called peanut butter "  a likely source " of the infections . But it said that no association had been found with common brand names of peanut butter sold in grocery stores . The first cases of salmonella were reported September 3 , but most occurred between October 1 and January 6 , the CDC said . About 18 percent of cases were hospitalized as a result of their illness , and patients have ranged from 2 months to 98 years of age . CDC spokeswoman Lola Russell said a preliminary analysis suggests peanut butter as a likely source of the outbreak . No cases connected to the outbreak have been reported in Montana , New Mexico , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Florida or Alaska . Very young people , older people and those with compromised immune systems are most vulnerable to severe side effects of salmonella infection , including death , health officials have said . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	The Peanut Corp. of America recalls all products made in Blakely , Georgia , plant Peanut butter linked to salmonella outbreak has sickened 425 in 43 states Three deaths possibly linked to the outbreak ; two in Virginia , one in Minnesota
CNN  -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez , his first space flight , scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery , marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies . Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan , Mexico . Hernandez , an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan , Mexico , is getting plenty of attention at home and abroad for his journey from working the fields to operating some of the most advanced mechanics on the space shuttle . Mexican President Felipe Calderon called the 47-year-old astronaut over the weekend to congratulate him . A transcript of the entire conversation was promptly posted online by the Mexican government . Hernandez is also reaching out to fans through Twitter , where he posts updates under the name " @Astro -- Jose . " "  I come from a very humble family and what I would call a typical migrant farm working family , " Hernandez said in a NASA interview . As a child , Hernandez 's family split their time between Mexico and California , where they worked as migrant farm workers . During the school year his parents emphasized his education , but on the weekends Hernandez would help the family , he said in the interview , posted on the NASA Web site . Growing up in Stockton , California , it was Hernandez 's job as the youngest child to hold up the rabbit ear antennas on the family 's television set in order to get the best reception while everyone watched the Apollo missions . "  Now I kid around with my family saying that , you know , it was through osmosis that I became an astronaut because I was closest to the whole situation , " Hernandez told NASA . The real catalyst for his dream to become an astronaut , however , came when Franklin Chang-Diaz , became the first Latin American astronaut in 1981 . "  There was a lot of parallels and that 's when I challenged myself . I said , "  Hey , if Franklin can do it , why ca n't I do it ? " Hernandez said in the interview . Hernandez earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical engineering , and before joining NASA worked on a number of high-tech projects , including an X-ray laser to be deployed in space , a digital mammography system and the disposal of excess nuclear material in Russia , his official biography states . According to NASA , there are nine Hispanics currently in the astronaut program , and 13 total in the program 's history . Astronaut Danny Olivas , also of Mexican descent , will also fly on Discovery 's upcoming 13-day mission . The scheduled launch of Discovery on Tuesday was scrubbed twice , once because of weather and then hours later because of of mechanical issues involving a drain valve . NASA did not announce a new launch schedule .	Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of Mexican immigrants Jose Hernandez scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery "  I come from ... a typical migrant farm working family , " Hernandez said Mexican President called the 47-year-old astronaut to congratulate him
CNN  -- When Nelson Mandela was released from prison in February 1990 , where he 'd spent more than 27 years for fighting racial segregation , the South African leader knew exactly who he wanted to become his official photographer : Peter Magubane . "  I became his photographer the next day he got home , " remembers award-winning Magubane . "  He told the ANC -LSB- African National Congress -RSB- guys , ` this is the guy I want ' -- I was the happiest man . " Mandela 's choice was n't a surprise ; Magubane , who had already photographed several milestones in Mandela 's life , including his early days as a political activist in the 1950s , was renowned for his impressive body of work chronicling the cruelties of apartheid . Read this - War reporter : ` My camera is my weapon ' And , like Mandela , Magubane had also faced the wrath of South Africa 's oppressive regime . In 1969 , Magubane was detained and kept in solitary confinement for 586 consecutive days . Later on , he was banned from working as a photographer for five years and sent to prison again for breaking the banning orders . "  I told myself , there is no one that is going to tell me what to do , " says Magubane . "  I had prepared to die for what I 'm doing because I 'm not stealing anything , " he adds . "  I am prepared to face the guns . I 'm prepared to face police , any gangster , whether black or white . I 'm not going to be told not to do my work . " Watch this : South Africa 's ` Bang-Bang Club ' Magubane 's long and acclaimed career started some six decades ago at the legendary Drum magazine , a Johannesburg publication that became a platform for talented writers and photographers , depicting a vibrant black urban culture in white-dominated South Africa . Magubane started as a driver but was eventually promoted to the dark room and then the field . With his camera on hand , he went on to snap some of the most defining images of the anti-apartheid struggle -- from the treason trials in the 1950s to the youth uprising in Soweto in 1976 . Undeterred by threats , bans and prison , Magubane 's defiant spirit shaped his work in the field . His refusal to put down his camera meant that he 'd often have to get creative to bamboozle authorities . "  I 'd buy half a loaf of bread , cut the inside of the bread , and put the camera in there , " Magubane says . "  I 'd go around taking pictures . " And if a policeman appeared ... "  I 'm eating bread . " Read this : Why mixed-race comic was ` born a crime ' The committed photographer , who also went on to work for the Rand Daily Mail and Time Magazine , has won several awards for his iconic images that resonate to this day . He has held exhibitions across the world , published 17 books and received seven honorary degrees . Today , at 81 , he is still working hard -- although he has found a new focus for his lens . "  I 'm sick and tired of taking pictures of dead people , " says Magubane . His main interest now is shooting images displaying the culture , the people and the beauty of his country , including stunning photos of the setting sun . "  If I come across hell , hell will break loose , I will take pictures , " he explains . "  I will stop and say ` no I 'm not doing the sun . ' But what I do n't want to do is wait there the whole day waiting for police to shoot people , " adds Magubane . "  During apartheid fighting for freedom , yes , I did that . I 'm no longer fighting for freedom so I 'm not going to do that . " Watch the video at the top of the story to see some of Peter Magubane 's iconic photographs . Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Photographer Peter Magubane chronicled the cruelties of apartheid The South African photojournalist was imprisoned for his work by the oppressive regime Magubane has exhibited around the world and published 17 books
Beijing  CNN  -- In the latest twist of a widening anti-corruption campaign , Chinese authorities have detained a popular and controversial television anchor with the national broadcaster , state media reported . Rui Chenggang 's anchor chair was left empty for Friday night 's newscast on China Central Television after prosecutors detained the star journalist shortly before airtime . It appeared that Rui , known for his "  big get " interviews as well as nationalistic sentiment , was taken into custody less than an hour before the start of "  Economic News , " which his co-anchor presented alone . Speculation about Rui 's troubles began last month when his longtime patron Guo Zhenxi , the head of state-run CCTV 's financial news channel , was detained for allegedly accepting bribes . Several other senior figures at the channel were also implicated , the government said . ` Face of New China ' Rui , 37 , denied through an assistant last month that he was under investigation . He tweeted at the time to his 10 million followers on Sina Weibo -- China 's equivalent of Twitter -- a philosophical conversation between two ancient Zen masters that implied time would eventually clear his name . State media cited CCTV sources on Saturday as saying that Rui 's detention was closely linked to Guo 's case , as well as an investigation into his own possible profiting from using CCTV resources . Rui , who 's known for wearing designer suits and driving fast cars , commands more social media followers than any other CCTV personality and has been called the "  face of the New China " by his admirers . His official CCTV bio says he has interviewed hundreds of business and political leaders around the world . The New York Times has profiled him and even the popular American comedy program "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " has featured him in an episode . Fluent in English , Rui began his broadcast career at CCTV 's international service , but his stardom soared under Guo after the young journalist jumped to the network 's financial news channel in 2008 . An unapologetic self-promoter , he has authored two popular autobiographical books touting his friendship with the world 's rich and powerful . Controversial figure Rui became a more divisive public figure as his celebrity grew . He successfully led a controversial campaign to kick Starbucks out of Beijing 's Forbidden City in 2007 , calling the American coffee shop 's presence in the historic palace museum an encroachment on Chinese culture . He grabbed a global spotlight in 2010 when U.S. President Barack Obama said he would give the final question at a news conference in Seoul to South Korean media . "  I 'm actually Chinese , but I think I get to represent the entire Asia , " Rui said before asking a long-winded question on how Obama might prevent his policies from being misinterpreted . At an economic forum in northeastern China the following year , Rui asked Gary Locke , then the U.S. ambassador to China , a question that some critics called a nationalistic publicity stunt . Others applauded it as a sign of an increasingly confident China standing up to the United States . "  My colleagues told me you flew economy class from Beijing to Dalian , " Rui asked Locke . "  Was that a reminder that the U.S. still owes China money ? " Locke replied that it was standard government policy for American diplomats and other officials to fly coach . ` Tigers and flies ' Rui 's reported detention came on the heels of the downfall of several former high-ranking officials , including a retired top general of the 2 million-strong People 's Liberation Army . Gen. Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission that runs the world 's largest standing army , was expelled from the ruling Communist Party and handed over to prosecutors after being found to have accepted bribes , state-run Xinhua news agency reported early this month . Xu was also a member of the Politburo , China 's decision-making body , before retiring in 2012 . State media have characterized Xu as a big "  military tiger " caught in the massive anti-graft campaign launched by President Xi Jinping , who is also the commander in chief . Xi banned official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- and vowed to target "  tigers and flies " alike in his fight against corruption . He resolved to spare no one , regardless of position . CCTV recently touted the capture of 35 "  tigers " since Xi took power less than two years ago . Zhou Yongkang Some China watchers have noted ties between an increasing number of disgraced officials and Zhou Yongkang , the former domestic security czar who has been rumored to be under investigation for some time . Guo , the CCTV executive who was Rui 's patron , has long been considered belonging to the Zhou faction . State media have reported official probes into many of Zhou 's family members as well as former associates in the domestic security apparatus , state oil industry and southwestern Sichuan province -- three places Zhou once ruled . If he is actually charged , Zhou would become the highest-ranking official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the People 's Republic . Some 182,000 officials were disciplined in 2013 , while courts nationwide tried 23,000 corruption cases , according to the Communist Party 's disciplinary commission . State media have cited the trial and conviction last year of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai -- which Bo supporters called politically motivated -- as one prime example of Xi 's determination to clean up the party . Top China aides ousted from Communist Party ` Endemic corruption ' Longtime China observers , however , point to the limits of Xi 's war on corruption . "  Corruption is so widespread and so endemic that campaigns are just not going to do it , " said Frank Ching , a Hong Kong-based commentator and columnist on Chinese politics . "  Something has to be done about the system . " "  There have been public calls for a law to require officials disclosing their assets . There has been no indication that they are going to do that . In fact , a number of people calling for this law have ended up in prison , " Ching said . "  I think people will be much more convinced of the seriousness of this anti-corruption campaign if there were a move to enact such a law . " Top Chinese general expelled from Communist Party for corruption Crackdown on more than 1,000 ` naked officials ' in Guangdong	Rui Chenggang is known for his "  big get " interviews and his nationalistic sentiment Prosecutors took Rui into custody just before the start of "  Economic News " Rui 's patron Guo Zhenxi was detained in June for allegedly accepting bribes Rui 's detention is the latest twist in a widening anti-corruption campaign in China
Britain 's government lifted its ban on a controversial mining process known as hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , Thursday , allowing companies to continue their exploration of shale gas reserves . Energy Secretary Edward Davey said the decision was subject to new controls to limit the risks of seismic activity . A halt was called to fracking last year after two small earthquakes in Lancashire , northwestern England , where Cuadrilla Resources was exploring for shale gas . The process involves pumping millions of gallons of water and chemicals into shale formations deep beneath the Earth 's surface , causing the fracturing of the rock and the release of natural gas . It has proved controversial in the United States , where supporters say it provides cheap energy but critics are concerned about the potential for chemicals to seep into the drinking water supply . The new controls imposed by the UK Department of Energy and Climate Change include a requirement to carry out a seismic survey before work starts . Firms involved must also draw up a plan showing how the seismic risks will be limited , and monitor seismic activity before , during and after the exploration . Cuadrilla Resources said Thursday 's decision to allow fracking to resume marked a significant step for Britain 's future onshore gas industry . "  Today 's news is a turning point for the country 's energy future . Shale gas has the potential to create jobs , generate tax revenues , reduce our reliance on imported gas , and improve our balance of payments , " chief executive Francis Egan said in a statement . In an interview with CNN , Egan insisted that fracking could be done "  safely and sensibly " in Britain and that there are huge reserves to be exploited . The company believes there is about 200 trillion cubic feet of gas under the ground just within its license area in Lancashire . To put that figure into context , the United Kingdom uses about 3 trillion cubic feet of gas a year , Egan said . He said he could understand that people are concerned but pointed out that the two tremors triggered in April and May of last year "  were not major events . " The website of the British Geological Survey shows it has recorded nine tremors of a similar magnitude in the past two months , he said . "  They are not life-threatening events or damage-inducing events , but they do cause concern , so as a consequence the fracking was suspended , " he said . Cuadrilla has done a lot of work since then , he said , including carrying out 3-D mapping of the area . Extensive arrays will be installed around the wells to monitor seismic activity , he added . As for concerns about how the liquids used in fracking will affect water supplies , Egan said the company uses only one friction-reducing chemical , in small quantities . He said it is not hazardous and the government oversees its use . The strong regulatory environment in the United Kingdom "  will stand us in good stead , " Egan said , although he acknowledged it would mean the pace of exploration may be slower than in the United States . The process has sparked opposition in the United Kingdom . The government announcement marks "  the start of a major battle over what sort of world we will leave to our children , " said Lilly Morse , an activist with the Frack Off campaign group . "  The government and industry 's promises of cheap , abundant gas are deluded , " she said , adding that in the United States , "  the gas bubble has already burst " and some fracking companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . "  The government 's strategy of relying on fracking to fuel a new wave of gas-fired power stations is utterly insane . Fracking is dirty , destructive and extremely expensive , and could never deliver the quantities of gas envisaged . "	Fracking can be done "  safely and sensibly , " the chief executive of Cuadrilla says Measures must be put in place to limit the risk of triggering earthquakes , government says Fracking was halted last year after it caused two small tremors in northwestern England Opponents : It 's a dirty process , and promises of cheap , abundant gas are "  deluded "
Jerusalem  CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu welcomed the resignation Tuesday of the head of a U.N. inquiry into alleged war crimes during last summer 's conflict between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza . Netanyahu said that Prof. William Schabas "  was biased against Israel " and that the commission of inquiry 's as yet unpublished report was written at the behest of the U.N. Human Rights Council , which the Prime Minister described as "  an anti-Israel body . " He said the report , due to be presented to the U.N. Human Rights Council in March , should be shelved . "  This is the same council that in 2014 made more decisions against Israel than against Iran , Syria and North Korea combined , " he added . Netanyahu said that Israel acted in accordance with international law during Operation Protective Edge and that it was "  Hamas , the other terrorist organizations and the terrorist regimes around us that need to be investigated , not Israel . " Israel 's Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman also accused Schabas of bias -- saying his nomination was "  like appointing Cain to investigate who murdered Abel " -- and welcomed his resignation , describing it as "  another achievement of Israeli diplomacy . " Schabas , a Canadian-born professor of international law based in London , was appointed by the U.N. Human Rights Council to head the three-person commission of inquiry in August . The council said its task was "  to investigate all violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , particularly in the occupied Gaza Strip , in the context of the military operations conducted since 13 June 2014 . " This includes looking at the activities of Palestinian armed groups in Gaza , including attacks on Israel , as well as the Israeli military operation in Gaza and the West Bank , it said . The United Nations has said more than 2,100 Palestinians were killed in the conflict in Gaza . According to U.N. estimates , at least 70 % of the Palestinians killed were civilians , but Israel reports a higher number of militants among the dead . On the Israeli side , there were 68 casualties , 65 of them soldiers and three civilians .	Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says William Schabas "  was biased against Israel " Schabas was the head of a U.N. inquiry into alleged rights violations in Gaza last summer
Washington  CNN  -- It should have been a happy day for Raymond Jose : He had been accepted to college , with scholarships to help pay for it . But when he told his parents , his mother started to cry . "  I was puzzled why she was crying after hearing such great news , " said Jose , who was to attend Montgomery College in Maryland . "  That was when she started to explain to me we were undocumented , that we had overstayed our tourist visas . " Jose 's family had come to the United States from the Philippines in 2000 , when Jose was 9 . They first lived in the Tampa Bay , Florida , area but moved four years later to Maryland . Jose had been assimilated into American life and culture and did n't know that he was undocumented until that day . When he found out , he was heartbroken . His undocumented status prevented him from using scholarship money to help pay for school . "  Every day after that , it was really hard to get out of bed , " Jose said . The debate over immigration reform has been focused on border security and immigrants from Latin America . But the Asian population in the U.S. grew by more than 40 % between 2000 and 2010 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The number of those identifying themselves as Asians , either alone or in combination with another racial group , grew from 11.9 million to 17.3 million . U.S. settles case in immigration raids , must follow new guidelines Of the more than 11 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S. , 1.3 million are from Asia , according to the Department of Homeland Security . As this year 's immigration reform efforts began , Asian-American advocacy groups laid out their priorities to the Gang of Eight negotiating a bill in the Senate , along with other key legislators like House Speaker John Boehner and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . Their priorities in the immigration debate include establishing a humane pathway to citizenship , restricting the use of electronic employment verification systems such as E-Verify and reducing visa backlogs . The groups are also trying to fight efforts to increase the number of business-related visas at the expense of those that allow immigrants to join resident family in the U.S. and change the policy of deportations for minor offenses . The Asian American Justice Center , based in Washington , has been focused on family visas . "  Lindsey Graham and others have been very public on eliminating the married adult children category and brother-sister category , " Mee Moua , president and executive director , said of the Republican senator from South Carolina . The justice center has met with legislators to argue that such visa categories should n't be eliminated and has provided information for Asian-Americans , Latino Americans and those in the African and Caribbean communities on the impact if these visas were to be eliminated . "  Our aim is to fight for and be the champion for a common-sense solution for the family visa situation , " Moua said . Meeran Mahmud , a staff attorney at the Asian Pacific American Legal Center , has an older sister in Pakistan who is waiting to be reunited with her family in the U.S. . Her uncle applied for their papers in 1986 . Mahmud was able to come to the U.S. 10 years later , but her sister had turned 22 and was no longer eligible . Her sister has since married and had children of her own . "  Been waiting since she was a little girl , and she will be turning 40 this year , " Mahmud said . Another major issue for the Asian Pacific American Legal Center is the detention and deportation of immigrants and refugees . Anoop Prasad , a staff attorney for immigrant rights at the Asian Law Caucus , points to the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 as increasing deportations . Prasad says that under the law , the U.S. can deport someone who was convicted of minor offenses as a teenager , like possession of a small amount of drugs or shoplifting . Springtime for immigration reform ? The law has severely affected the Cambodian , Laotian and Vietnamese communities , Prasad said . "  It is a complicated question but has a good deal to do with issues with refugee resettlement issues in the '80s . Many were dealing with mental health issues from the  Vietnam  war . Almost all Cambodian refugees had lost a relative in the genocide , and many had seen relatives killed or starved to death . " Post-traumatic stress disorder and depression rates among Cambodian refugees are over 80 % , Prasad said . "  Yet mental health services were n't available when they arrived . Most were resettled in neighborhoods with high unemployment and poverty rates along with drugs and high incarceration rates . In the absence of a strong family support structure , many joined gangs when they were in high school and picked up convictions . " Prasad wants more discretion when dealing with deportation cases rather than having someone 's fate decided simply by a look at their convictions . "  These are actual people with names and stories and families , " Prasad said , "  and it 's our job to make sure their voices get heard . " The Chicago-based Asian American Institute has also been meeting with legislators and organizing Asian-Americans to talk with their congressmen about issues like immigration . The institute has been collecting and posting personal stories from Asian-Americans . For example , Connie wants to bring her son from the Philippines to live with her in the U.S. "  Applications where her son 's is categorized normally take 11-12 years , " Connie 's story says . "  In the interim they have tried to spend every Christmas together for the past 8 years since Connie came to the US . It 's a form of bonding ; a pact that only gets more painful and emotional every goodbye time -- and expensive . " As for Jose , he 's making do , whatever ultimately happens in Washington . After he graduated high school , his father handed him an envelope with enough money for one semester at community college . ` Illegal immigrant ' title seen as a challenge Since then , his family has been helping him pay for school . His father does landscaping and sometimes works as a vendor at RFK Stadium in Washington . His mother babysits , take cares of the elderly and cleans houses . Even his older sister has taken odd jobs to help . Jose has had to skip semesters so he could work and help his family financially . He also took part in the campaign to help pass the Maryland DREAM Act , which grants in-state tuition rates to undocumented immigrants , last year and has continued to raise awareness about others like him . "  We 're here , and we 're not leaving , and we want a just and inclusive immigration reform , " Jose said .	More than 1.3 million Asians are undocumented in the U.S. ; many arrived here as children The Asian population in the U.S. grew by more than 40 % between 2000 and 2010 The Gang of Eight in the Senate is negotiating a sweeping immigration reform bill
Paris  CNN  -- In a rare public spat , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticized his political mentor , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , for Putin 's comments over the use of force against Libya . It all started Monday , when Putin visited the town of Votkinsk , where a large defense plant that produces missiles  including nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles  is located . Criticizing the United Nations Security Council resolution authorizing a no-fly zone over Libya and military action to back it up , Putin called it "  obviously incomplete and flawed . " Putin said it 's clear that "  it allows anyone to do anything they want -- to take any actions against a sovereign state . " "  It resembles a medieval appeal for a crusade in which somebody calls upon somebody to go to a certain place and liberate it , " he said . On Thursday , acting on instructions from Medvedev , Russia abstained from the U.N. Security Council resolution imposing a no-fly zone over Libya but did not veto it , something that Putin obviously thought should have happened . A few hours later Medvedev weighed in , scolding Putin 's comments , without using the prime minister 's name . "  It is absolutely inexcusable to use expressions that , in effect , lead to a clash of civilizations -- such as ` crusades , ' and so on . That is unacceptable , " he said . Otherwise "  everything could end up in far worse shape than it is now . It is important to remember this . " Medvedev went on : "  All that is now happening in Libya is the result of the appalling behavior of the Libyan leadership and the crimes it committed against its own people . " He did not instruct his diplomats to veto the resolution , he said , "  for one reason : I do not consider this resolution to be wrong . Moreover , I believe that this resolution generally reflects our understanding of what is going on in Libya . " The public smackdown was political catnip in Moscow . The two men , whom Russians refer to as "  the tandem , " both could be candidates for president in 2012 but neither is announcing yet he will run . Speculation is rife over who might go first -- and when . Medvedev has developed a close working relationship with President Barack Obama but Putin has a prickly relationship with Washington . At the factory Monday , Putin took aim not only at Medvedev 's refusal to use his veto , but at the U.S. leadership : "  In Bill Clinton 's times , " Putin said , "  Yugoslavia and Belgrade were bombed . Bush sent armed forces into Afghanistan . A far-fetched and totally false pretext was used to invade Iraq , and the entire Iraqi leadership was eliminated , even children in Saddam Hussein 's family died . "  And now , it 's Libya 's turn -- under the pretext of protecting civilians . But it 's the civilian population who dies during those airstrikes against  Libyan  territory . Where is the logic and the conscience ? There is neither . "	Prime minister raps U.N. resolution , refers to "  crusade " Presidents calls comments "  unacceptable " Both could run for president next year
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Few racing fans will forget the day Frankie Dettori stormed into the history books as the first man to take seven winners past the post on a seven-race card . Frankie Dettori performs his signature "  flying dismount " after winning all seven races at Ascot , September 28 , 1996 . It happened in the summer of 1996 at Royal Ascot , the British racecourse founded in 1711 by Queen Anne who considered it the ideal place for "  horses to gallop at full stretch . " And gallop he did ; seizing seven wins from seven races . The win sent a tremor of excitement through the racing industry , made a hero of the small man from Sardinia and stripped ashen-faced bookmakers of millions . "  I think that the bookmakers lost in the region of # 50 million , $ 100 million , in today 's money , so history was made , " Frankie Dettori recalls . "  We 've been racing thoroughbreds for 300 years and I 'm the first one to get there , and good luck to the guy who follows me . " Few think that anyone will . The odds on him winning the straight set were 25,095 to one . Millions watched his victory in the stands and on television ; the BBC 's Grandstand cut into its traditional Saturday afternoon sports coverage to show the pictures live from Ascot . Ray Cochrane , Dettori 's friend and manager , had the rare pleasure of watching the drama unfold in front of him , literally . "  I was actually riding that day . Everybody wanted to beat him on that last race , " Cochrane says . "  He was making the run and going flat out . We thought ; this horse ca n't keep going , he 's got 10 stone -- top weight -- he ca n't keep going . " But he did . "  Then we start to hear this roar , from Swindly Bottom , a mile from home . You could then hear the crowd from the grandstand starting to shout -- they were just lifting him home . " Among the crowd was Nick Smith , head of public relations for Ascot racecourse . "  The atmosphere in the winners ' enclosure was amazing . We actually had champagne for him after the sixth , and then after the seventh the whole place just erupted . " hear more of Nick Smith 's memories of that day " "  We abused him after the race , covered him in champagne , gave him a good hiding , " recalls Cochrane . "  It was a great day , a great day for racing really , never mind just him . " hear more from Ray Cochrane on Frankie 's feat Frankie Dettori 's historic win was splashed across the papers . His multiple victories became known as the "  Magnificent 7 . " Headlines declared Frankie "  untouchable " and a "  turf act to follow . " "  It took races off the sports pages and onto the front pages , " says Robin Oakley , CNN 's European Political Editor and avid racing fan . "  Frankie was already a well known jockey before the Magnificent 7 , but it did turn him into a household name , " he says . Frankie Dettori is under no illusions as to who 's to credit for his win and the fame that 's followed . The horse who took him first past the post for the seventh time that day is now long retired and spends his days grazing in the grounds of Dettori 's home in the traditional British racing town of Newmarket . "  This is Fujiyama Crest , " Dettori says , holding a feed bucket to the nose of an aging gelding . "  He was owned by a Japanese owner and then after that he went into jumping but he was n't very good . " "  I bought him in private and now he 's our house pet . I ride him from time to time , my wife , the kids ... but he spends most of his life in the field with the other ponies . " The famous post is not far away either . "  After winning the seven races and all those big races I won at Ascot I asked if I could have it , and they said yes , so after the last race of the last meeting at Ascot I took it off the ground and I put it in the horse box and I planted it here . " It now has pride of place in his garden . "  I 'm very proud of it , " he says . "  It 's a bit tall but it 's got a meaning to it . " In 2001 , Ascot erected its own monument to Frankie Dettori ; a lifesize bronze statue of the jockey at the entrance to the famous racecourse . more on Frankie Dettori 's statue at Ascot "  Every time I pass by it just reminds me what an achievement that was , " he says .	Frankie Dettori made history in 1996 by riding seven winners in seven races Feat made Italian jockey famous , punters cleaned up , bookmakers lost out Dettori bought final horse , Fujiyama Crest , now retired and Dettori family pet Final post has pride of place in Frankie 's garden near home in Newmarket
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Extraordinary drama unfolded Tuesday in Port-au-Prince as charges were filed against former Haitian dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier , government sources told CNN . It was not immediately clear what the charges were . A judge will have 30 days to investigate and decide whether the accusations merit moving forward with a case against Duvalier . Earlier in the day , the former leader was taken into custody at his hotel and transported to a downtown courthouse for a hearing . After hours of questioning , Duvalier was allowed to return to his hotel . A flurry of intense legal activity preceded Duvalier 's emergence from the Karibe Hotel , where he had been since his mysterious return to Haiti on Sunday . His hands free of handcuffs , he made his way down three flights of stairs and waved to a small crowd of supporters before heavily armed police escorted him away in a waiting white van . Outside the hotel in the swanky suburb of Petionville , throngs of journalists had waited for Duvalier 's appearance amid speculation that the former despot would be arrested . Several hundred people lined the downhill road from Petionville to downtown Port-au-Prince to show support . Some held photos of Duvalier when he was in his prime and banners . Duvalier shocked the world by returning to his homeland Sunday night after some 25 years of exile in France . He is accused of pillaging the country , siphoning money from Haiti 's treasury into his family 's pockets during his rule , which ended with a popular rebellion in 1986 . Human rights groups have sounded a call for justice for atrocities committed during his 15 years of rule . Under Duvalier 's presidency , thousands were killed and tortured , and hundreds of thousands of Haitians fled into exile , according to Human Rights Watch . Michele Montas , a Haitian journalist who has fought for democracy and is a former spokeswoman for the United Nations secretary-general , said Monday night that she plans to file a criminal complaint against Duvalier . "  We have enough proof . There are enough people who can testify . And what I will do is go to a public prosecutor , and there is a public prosecutor that could actually accommodate our complaints , " she said on CNN 's "  Parker Spitzer . " The United Nations said Tuesday that Duvalier 's presence in Haiti had taken the global body by surprise and it "  clearly raises issues of impunity and accountability . " Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , said a range of human rights abuses and corruption issues surround Duvalier . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice told reporters Tuesday she hoped for a peaceful resolution to the tensions in Haiti . "  I think that it is clearly a tense and fragile time in Haiti , given the unresolved issues around the election , given the cholera epidemic , and it 's certainly in the interests of the people of Haiti for there to be peaceful and cooperative efforts to resolve the outstanding issues related to the elections , " she said . It 's still unclear why Duvalier decided to go back to Haiti , and speculation is mounting over what he hopes to accomplish . His presence certainly added to a bubbling cauldron of political turmoil sparked by a presidential election mired in controversy . "  Obviously this is an important and crucial time for the people of Haiti , " said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs . "  Any political leader or any former political leader should focus not only on him or herself , but on making progress towards a set of important elections , " Gibbs said , adding that such people should dedicate "  their time and their energy toward the reconstruction of the country . " Journalist Amy Wilentz , author of "  The Rainy Season : Haiti Since Duvalier , " said the "  Baby Doc " media circus was taking the focus off Haiti 's leadership crisis . "  It 's a giant sideshow to the electoral debate , " she said . Preliminary results of the November 28 election placed former first lady Mirlande Manigat in a runoff with Jude Celestin , the candidate backed by Haiti 's unpopular President Rene Preval . However , international monitors charged fraud and a subsequent election review put Celestin in third place . Observers suggested he be eliminated from contention . Preval 's government has not officially commented on Duvalier 's return , though some Haitians , craving a father figure to lead the nation out of crisis , have commented favorably on the old days of Duvalier . Back then , the streets were safe , said Port-au-Prince resident Jean Etienne . People could walk outside at night and food was cheap , he said . But Garry Pierre-Pierre , editor of the New York-based Haitian Times , blamed the father-son Duvalier dynasty for a nation struggling to regain footing . He said the scars still run deep from an era when no one trusted each other . Pierre-Pierre said he hopes justice will finally prevail . "  If there is a bright sport , " he said , "  finally we have to face that decision that we have never faced straight up . We 've been in denial about what happened during the 29-year reign of dictatorship of the Duvaliers . " Duvalier was supposed to have held a news conference Monday but it was canceled and he remained huddled inside the Karibe until he was taken away Tuesday . Henry Robert Sterlin , a Duvalier associate , told reporters that Duvalier returned because he was moved by the anniversary of last year 's tragic earthquake and because he missed his native land . "  He 's deeply hurt in his soul after the earthquake , " Sterlin said . "  He wanted to come back to see how is the actual Haitian situation -- of the people and of the country . " Sterlin said he did not know how long the former leader had planned to stay . The Duvalier family ruled Haiti for three decades , starting in 1957 when Francois "  Papa Doc " Duvalier was elected president . He later declared himself president for life . When he died in 1971 , he was succeeded by his son , then only 19 . CNN 's Lonzo Cook , Kim Segal , John Zarrella , Mary Snow and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	It is not immediately clear what the charges are A judge must now decide whether the charges merit moving a case forward Police escort the former dictator from his hotel to a courthouse A Haitian journalist plans to seek criminal charges against the former dictator
CNN  -- After just two days of closed-door negotiations , the leaders who had gathered at the International Whaling Commission in Agadir , Morocco , announced no agreement was reached on the IWC chair 's proposal to improve whale conservation . Greenpeace did not support the proposal , but we had hoped governments would change it to become an agreement to end whaling , not a recipe for continuing it . It is particularly disappointing to me , because my professional commitment to end the whale hunt in my country of Japan -- which led to the exposure of an embezzlement scandal at the heart of the whaling industry -- has come at significant personal cost . The investigation I conducted with my colleague , Toru Suzuki , led to our arrests in front of banks of media outlets who had been told about it in advance . The homes of Greenpeace office and staff members were raided . Seventy-five police officers were deployed to handcuff two peaceful activists . We were held without charge for 23 days ; questioned for up to 10 hours a day while tied to chairs and without a lawyer present . We are now out on bail awaiting verdict and sentencing , expected in early September . If I can risk my future to bring the fraudulent Japanese hunt to an end , if whaling whistle-blowers are prepared to risk their lives to expose the corruption , how can it be that the IWC has yet again failed to take the political risk to pressure my government to end the scientific whaling sham ? Since the IWC 's moratorium on commercial whaling came into force in 1986 , Japan has continued to hunt whales under the guise of "  scientific research , " making a mockery of the moratorium . By claiming that slaughtering thousands of whales , in waters designated a whale sanctuary no less , is a scientific experiment needed to understand whales , Japan has violated the spirit and intention of the moratorium as well as the Southern Ocean Whaling Sanctuary . Iceland and Norway have simply ignored the moratorium . Those two nations , together with Japan , have killed more than 30,000 whales since then . I have always opposed my country 's hunt , which is why I decided to join Greenpeace . While it may be an emotionally charged political issue outside Japan , domestically it barely causes a political ripple . In 2006 , Greenpeace decided to focus the bulk of its anti-whaling campaign in Japan to bring the issue home . Wholly funded by Japanese taxpayers , the whaling program has produced no peer-reviewed scientific research and has been repeatedly told by the IWC that the so-called research is not needed or wanted . All it has produced is a massive bill for the taxpayers and tons of surplus whale meat that the Japanese public does not want to eat . It has also produced endless rumors and allegations of corruption and mismanagement . Two years ago , following a tip from three former whalers turned whistle-blowers , my colleagues at Greenpeace Japan and I began a public interest investigation and discovered that indeed , corruption runs deep . All three whalers claimed that whale meat was routinely embezzled , with the full knowledge of government and whaling fleet operator officials . Greenpeace eventually intercepted one of nearly 100 suspicious boxes coming off the ships . Although its contents were labeled as cardboard , 23.5 kilograms of prime whale meat were inside , destined for a private address . On May 15 , 2008 , we handed over the box to the authorities , with additional evidence of the crime . Initially the Tokyo district prosecutor began to investigate . But we were eventually charged with trespass and theft of the whale meat , valued at nearly 60,000 yen  about $ 550 at the time  . We face from 18 months up to 10 years in jail for exposing the truth behind an industry that is financially , morally and scientifically bankrupt . The U.N. 's Human Rights Council on Arbitary Detention has ruled that our human rights have been breached and the prosecution is politically motivated . The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights has expressed her concern about our case . Amnesty International , Transparency International , two Nobel Peace Prize laureates , countless international legal experts , politicians and more than half a million individuals have raised their voices in opposition to the prosecution . We will be tried and sentenced in September , more than two years after we first exposed the corruption . But the scandal does not end there . Just last week , more allegations emerged that Japan engages in vote-buying and bribery to keep its whaling fleet in the water . And yet , the IWC continues to close its doors and ears to the reality of Japan 's commercial whaling . I came to Morocco in the hope that this , the International Year of Biodiversity , could mean an end to all commercial whaling , but I leave knowing that governments are only interested in taking strong public positions on whales but not in taking action to save them , not even behind closed doors . Mine and Toru 's political prosecution is a clear sign that Japan has no intention of easily letting go of its debt-ridden whaling program . There are too many vested interests inside the government . That is not surprising . What is more disappointing is that those vested interests have gone unchallenged by the IWC , the body set up to conserve whales . It may be surprising that in this day and age , and given the huge public interest in the issue , conversations about saving whales are held in secret . But the truth is that Japan 's whaling program relies on secrecy and corruption to stay afloat . After two years of negotiations , this year 's meeting could have been an opportunity for the IWC to actually move forward and end the status quo . But its collective failure means that 24 years after the establishment of the moratorium on commercial whaling , Japan , Iceland and Norway will continue again to hunt whales with impunity . I challenge the commission to throw open its doors and shine a spotlight on the corruption that is so evident , investigate all the allegations affecting the IWC that have been laid clearly before it on numerous occasions and realize that it is not only Japan 's international reputation that has been tainted by the failure in Agadir . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Junichi Sato .	Junichi Sato , colleague face charges after finding corruption in Japan 's whaling industry Sato : He and Toru Suzuki were held , questioned , often taped to chairs , for 23 days Sato says Japan uses guise of "  scientific research " to slaughter whales Sato : As IWC does nothing , Iceland , Norway and Japan kill 30,000 whales
Paris  CNN  -- Imagine a night flight , 30,000 feet in the air , and being able to stare up at the stars through the plane 's transparent fuselage . This will be the flying experience in 40 years time , according to aircraft manufacturer Airbus . The European giant unveiled its Concept Cabin Tuesday in Paris , ahead of next week 's "  Le Bourget " Paris Air Show . The cabin is part of its research project entitled "  A vision of aviation in 2050 . " Paris Air Show set for take-off Airbus says the Concept Cabin is "  inspired by nature " and will be 100 % recyclable with "  self-cleaning materials made from sustainable plant fibres which reduce waste and maintenance and will harvest passenger body heat to power cabin features . " The body of the aircraft has a structure that Airbus says "  mimics the efficiency of bird bone which is optimized to provide strength where needed . " A "  wall membrane " will enclose the cabin and become transparent to give passengers panoramic views of the sky . "  Our research shows that passengers of 2050 will expect a seamless travel experience while also caring for the environment , " said Charles Champion , Airbus Executive Vice President Engineering . The Concept Cabin also includes seats that adjust to the passengers ' body shape . But the onboard ambience is where airlines will be able to make money . Today 's cabin classes have been ripped out and replaced by themed zones . Airbus envisages a "  Vitalizing Zone " for relaxation complete with mood lighting , aromatherapy and acupressure treatments ; a "  Tech Zone " to stay connected ; and in the center of the cabin , an "  Interactive Zone , " where a round of golf can be played via a virtual projection . With double-beds , power showers and lounge areas already experienced on Airbus A380 Superjumbos , perhaps passengers with the money will be getting into the zone onboard sooner than Airbus thinks .	Airbus : Transparent fuselage , eco-friendly design the future of airliners European giant unveiled Concept Cabin ahead of "  Le Bourget " Paris Air Show Airbus says Concept Cabin is "  inspired by nature " and will be 100 % recyclable
CNN  -- If any place on earth was likely to erect a statue to the critic , it may be Cannes . This year , cinema 's most famous critic-turned-director , Jean-Luc Godard , competes for the Palme d'Or at the age of 83 with his first 3D-film "  Farewell to Language " -- and the current crop of critics will deliver their verdicts in print , on radio , on television and online to audiences around the world . Loved and loathed in equal measure , these cinematic scribblers can influence film fans ' decisions on whether or not to buy a ticket to the movie theater , so even in a world becoming increasingly dominated by amateur critics on social media there 's still a degree of responsibility in delivering honest , considered opinion . CNN asked Hans-Georg Rodek , film critic of the respected German newspaper "  Die Weldt "  The World  , for his take on Cannes and the role of the critic . Georg Rodek : First of all , I never felt that critics have all the power . I 'm just a film lover and I take that from my experience I 'm entitled to talk a little authoritatively about films , that 's all . No power . If ` Grace of Monaco was a marvellous film and the critics say it 's bad film it will still be successful . But in this case -- and it 's not always the case -- both audience and critics were united in saying ` Oh no ! ' CNN : So what exactly do you see as your role ? HGR : It 's something that humanity does n't really need but it makes life easier because if you trust certain critics then you can say ` Ok , he says it 's a good film and I never agree with him therefore it 's a bad film and the other way around . So that 's the way that criticism works . CNN : So you 're providing a public service ? HGR : Exactly . But I 'm not a servant . I 'm independent . I 'm only responsible to myself . CNN : Sibelius , the composer , is often quoted as saying noone ever set up a statue to a critic . Do you sometimes think they should ? HGR : Not to me , anyway . I think it may well happen some day . Not in Germany , where I come from , not in the U.S. and not in England but perhaps here in France . CNN : They take them seriously here ? HGR : They take them seriously and they 're right to do so but let 's just say I 'm not suffering from not enough exposure . CNN : So what do you enjoy about Cannes ? HGR : I enjoy Cannes as I always enjoy Cannes as the only place on earth where you have the chance to see really exciting films nowadays . You do n't always get them but let 's say one out of five films I see here are really exciting and that 's a much better quota than anywhere else . CNN : Tell me about one of your favorites in the competition . HGR : I feel that ` Winter Sleep , ' the film by the Turkish director Nuri Bilge Ceylan is completely out of time . It is talky , it is long -- about three hours -- it is slow but it 's an excellent film . CNN : And that 's the film you like , right ? HGR : That 's the film that I like . It 's not Bilge Ceylan 's masterpiece but I like it exactly because it IS not of our times . It is against the times , it is not quick , it is not superficial and all that is something that you get very rarely these days . And that 's it 's main quality apart from the fact that it 's masterfully crafted . CNN : Finally , how would you sum up in Cannes in three words ? HGR : Sunny , ambitious and sometimes fulfilling !	At Cannes Film Festival , at least , the film critic is still alive and kicking CNN 's Neil Curry speaks with Hans-Georg Rodek critic for German daily Die Weldt Of criticism , Rodek says : Humanity does n't really need it but it makes life easier He added : Cannes is the only place on earth where you can see really exciting films today
CNN  -- Spain 's Dani Pedrosa is on pole position for Sunday 's San Marino MotoGP after posting the fastest lap in qualifying at Misano on Saturday . The Honda rider snatched first place on the grid by 0.018 of a second in the dying seconds of qualifying , ahead of compatriot Jorge Lorenzo on the Yamaha and Britain 's Cal Cal Crutchlow who finished third . Pedrosa 's 41st career pole puts him in prime position to close the gap on Lorenzo in the overall standings . The 26-year-old , who is seeking to win a first MotoGP title , currently trails Lorenzo by 13 points with only six races  including San Marino  left this season . Germany 's Stefan Bradl will start Sunday 's race in fourth , while Spain 's Alvaro Bautista on the Honda finished qualifying in fifth . Valentino Rossi equalled his season 's best performance in qualifying , finishing sixth . The Misano circuit was officially renamed the "  Misano World Circuit Marco Simoncelli " earlier in the year as a mark of respect to the rider who was killed at the Malaysian Grand Prix in October 2011 . The Italian lived a short distance away from the circuit in Cattolica . On Thursday , riders from all three classes assembled on the grid to complete a lap of the circuit on bicycles to pay tribute to the Honda rider who was just 24 years old when tragedy struck .	Spanish rider pips his compatriot Jorge Lorenzo to pole by less that two hundredths of a second Britain 's Cal Crutchlow will start Sunday 's race from third on the grid Pedrosa looking to close Lorenzo 's 13-point lead at top of championship standings
New York  CNN  -- Authorities do n't expect delays on subways , buses and tunnels Friday , a day after Occupy Wall Street demonstrators converged on New York City to mark a nationwide "  mass day of action . " No incidents and additional arrests were reported overnight , authorities said . Scores were arrested Thursday and several police officers were reported injured as protesters fanned out across the city moved toward Foley Square in Lower Manhattan and the Brooklyn Bridge . Many had crossed the bridge -- the same place where more than 700 had been arrested last month -- chanting , "  This is what democracy looks like -- This is what America looks like , " according to the New York movement 's official Twitter feed . This time , they marched in the pedestrian walkway and did not block the roadway . Occupy protesters also took to the streets in all corners of the nation -- from Miami to Los Angeles to Portland , Oregon and Boston -- marking two months since the activist effort aimed at the nation 's wealthiest 1 % began in Manhattan . "  I think the numbers have increased dramatically , " New York protester Jo Robin said Thursday . "  Particularly after the raid , our message is being broadcast all over the world . " Police said a total of 245 people had been arrested around the city Thursday . Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said at least seven police officers were hurt Thursday during exchanges with protesters . Five of those officers were injured when a unidentified liquid was thrown on their faces , Kelly said , adding that they experienced a burning sensation and required hospitalization . It is not clear how many demonstrators have been injured during the clashes . Authorities constructed barricades at Zuccotti Park in front of the New York Stock Exchange and along Fifth Avenue in an apparent attempt to keep demonstrators off the roads and on pedestrian walkways . Residents and workers near the New York Stock Exchange were required to flash identification cards as police cordoned off the area amid concerns that demonstrators would try to disrupt trading . Earlier Thursday , protesters lifted metal barricades around Zuccotti Park , a former home-base for the movement , defying authorities and blocking traffic . Bloomberg said the day 's protests had "  caused minimal disruptions to our city , " but added that some demonstrators had "  deliberately " pursued violence . The Occupy movement showed no signs of abating elsewhere in the United States . In cities such as St. Louis and Milwaukee , thousands responded to the "  day of action " plea . In Los Angeles , about 50 people were arrested Thursday , authorities said . In Portland , police reported 48 people arrested in three separate incidents . Another 21 were issued citations for blocking a street in Las Vegas , local police said . And in Atlanta , police arrested eight for blocking a roadway . There were also arrests in other places , including Chicago and Houston . CNN 's Marina Landis contributed to this report .	No incidents and additional arrests are reported overnight , authorities say Over 200 people were arrested in New York on Thursday , according to police Fifty more were arrested in Los Angeles incidents , an officer says
CNN  -- Bayern Munich might be licking their wounds after defeat in the European Champions League final , but the German club can find comfort in victory of a different kind : by beating Chelsea in football 's financial league table . Despite Saturday 's crushing penalty shootout loss to the English side in their own backyard at the the Allianz Arena , the Bavarians have been ranked as the second most valuable brand in football . According to a new report by independent consultancy Brand Finance , which has compiled a list of the 50 biggest brands in the sport , the four-time European champions have been valued at $ 786 million . Chelsea , by comparison , made fifth place with a value of $ 398 million . But English giants Manchester United lead the way , as in 2011 , with a brand estimated to be worth $ 853 million . "  Manchester United have got a global reach , " Brand Finance 's head of sports brands Dave Chattaway told CNN . Click here to see football 's top 10 brands "  United have got quite a professional setup , with people who have worked for Pepsi , Disney , all different kinds of marketing industries . They have brought their expertise into the sports industry . " But Bayern are the year 's big winners . Despite the defeat by Chelsea and having been beaten to the German league and cup by Borussia Dortmund , the club 's brand value grew by 59 % over the last 12 months . "  If you look at Bayern Munich , they are a domestic powerhouse , " said Chattaway . "  They have got really strong links with strong German brands . "  Bayern have long-term deals , they have been with Adidas for over 10 years . They generate the highest commercial revenue and they are able to negotiate the highest possible deals based on their dominance of the German market . " Munich mourns as Bayern blow big chance Behind United and Bayern are the Spanish "  El Clasico " rivals of Real Madrid , third with a value of $ 600 million , and Barcelona , with a brand worth $ 580 million . Spanish champions Real and 2011 European champions Barca have seen similar decreases in the value of their brands , 7 % and 8 % respectively , which Chattaway puts down to the country 's current economic plight . "  They have both had relatively successful years on the pitch , " he said . "  The eurozone crisis has really impacted the capital in Spain and Italy . It 's not necessarily something they are doing wrong commercially , it 's a sign of the economy they operate in . " The top 10 is dominated by teams from the English Premier League , with United and Chelsea followed by 2011-12 title winners Manchester City in eighth  $ 302 million Torres unsure of Chelsea future "  Within Europe , the Premier League is still the pinnacle , " explained Chattaway . "  It still generates the most money because of the broadcast rights . "  It is much more attractive to a foreign audience than the German Bundesliga or the Spanish First Division . The Premier League clubs are benefiting from that . " Italian Cup winners Napoli  $ 85 million  were the only Serie A club to increase brand value , coming off the back of a relatively successful Champions League campaign , to be 22nd overall . AC Milan  $ 292 million  placed ninth on the list after winning the title in 2010-11 , while this season 's champions Juventus  $ 160 million  fell from 10th in 2011 to 16th this year . Former England captain David Beckham and his Los Angeles Galaxy teammates enjoyed a landmark year in 2011 , being crowned Major League Soccer champions for a third time . Despite their success , and despite boasting one of football 's most recognizable and marketable stars , the Galaxy  $ 46 million  only crept onto the list in 50th position . "  The game in the U.S. is still developing massively , " said Chattaway . "  The revenues are a fraction of those in Europe . The games are rarely sold out and the grounds themselves have quite a small capacity . "  The commercial deals in the U.S. can not compete with the European market . The MLS is still largely only shown in the U.S. , it has n't really expanded globally as quickly as we would have expected . " With such a huge gap between the sport 's most lucrative brands and those with less commercial appeal , are football clubs making the most of their financial potential ? "  I think there is more scope for all the clubs to further maximize value -- clubs have traditionally been slow and unimaginative in monetizing the brand they own , " Chattaway said . "  There is scope for football clubs to learn from U.S. sports marketing practices . "  The clubs need to better understand the brand asset that they own so that they can ensure they get the right returns on all commercial deals . " The list took into account various revenue streams for clubs , such as ticket sales , merchandising , sponsorship deals and money received from the sale of broadcasting rights . .	Manchester United again named football 's most valuable brand The 19-time English champions are worth a reported $ 853 million Germany 's Bayern Munich second on the list , worth an estimated $ 786 million Spanish rivals Real Madrid and Barcelona both see small decreases in brand value
CNN  Nobel literature laureate Guenter Grass , best known around the world for his novel "  The Tin Drum , " has died , his publisher said Monday . He was 87 . Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck , where he was taken over the weekend , said Steidl publishing spokeswoman Claudia Glenewinkel . German media are reporting he died of pneumonia . Grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide by exploring motifs from his childhood city of Danzig , which is now Gdansk , Poland . During the Nazi era , ethnic Poles and Jews were persecuted and deported from the multicultural city , at a time when they faced the possibility of mass murder . "  In his excavation of the past , Günter Grass goes deeper than most and he unearths the intertwined roots of good and evil , " the Nobel committee wrote , when it awarded him the literature prize in 1999 . But Grass , an outspoken public figure , has sparked controversy in the last decade . In 2006 , he confessed that at the age of 15 , in 1943 , he volunteered for military service in Germany 's war of aggression and ended up in the notoriously bloody Waffen SS . Grass said he had no excuses for his choices back then , and that , as a teen , he may even have been excited about belonging to the unit , which he saw then as an elite group . A year later , he penned a detailed account in The New Yorker on how he spent his war years up to the death of German dictator Adolf Hitler . Three years ago , Grass drew controversy again , when he published a poem in a German newspaper discouraging Germany from selling more submarines to Israel . In "  What must be said , " Grass accused Germany of selling weapons to a potential aggressor out of guilt over the Holocaust . Grass said Israel could use nuclear weapons to kill masses of Iranians . German commentators pilloried him as subconsciously anti-Semitic . Israel invoked a visa ban , and then-Interior Minister Eli Yishai declared Grass a "  persona non grata " in Israel , the Jerusalem Post reported . Grass ' novel characters are the forgotten , the downtrodden and the weird , the Nobel committee said . And like Oskar Matzerath , the boy in "  The Tin Drum , " they often slip into surreal situations . This was a literary innovation , the committee said , which was furthered by other great authors , such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez , Nadine Gordimer and Salman Rushdie . On Monday , Rushdie tweeted about Grass ' death : "  This is very sad . A true giant , inspiration , and friend . " "  The Tin Drum , " which was published in 1959 , "  breaks the bounds of realism by having as its protagonist and narrator an infernal intelligence in the body of a three-year-old , a monster who overpowers the fellow human beings he approaches with the help of a toy drum , " the Nobel committee wrote . The committee praised Grass ' mastery of the German language and his ability to artfully exploit its possibilities of creating seemingly endless yet graceful sentences . Grass was an icon in contemporary German culture with an unchanging iconic look -- his broad mustache , his eyes gazing over the top of his glasses , a tobacco pipe a constant companion in hand . In his later years , he became known for his continuing critique of human history in the 20th century -- and of current events . As recently as March , Grass criticized the anti-Islam movement PEGIDA , Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West . He used the opportunity fire a jab at government that he said was corrupted by money interests . "  It 's not Islam that threatens the Federal Republic  of Germany  , " he said in an interview with rp-online . de , "  but political lobbying . Democracy has decayed into fake democracy . " Grass has also suggested that Germans should be forced to invite refugees from crisis regions to live in their homes as a way of offering more shelter to the world 's destitute .	Grass tried in his literature to come to grips with World War II and the Nazi era His characters were the downtrodden , and his style slipped into the surreal He stoked controversy with his admission to being a member of the Waffen SS
CNN  -- Leslie Nielsen , whose longtime career as a square-jawed dramatic actor took a sudden turn into comedy with gut-busting spoofs like "  Airplane ! " and "  The Naked Gun , " has died at age 84 , his family said Sunday . The Canadian-born Nielsen 's career reached back into the early days of television , when he made frequent appearances on live drama series like "  Goodyear Playhouse . " He played the earnest starship captain in the 1956 science-fiction classic "  Forbidden Planet " and made regular appearances on a wide range of TV dramas into the 1970s , including "  Hawaii Five-O . " He also played the captain of an overturned ocean liner in the 1972 disaster movie , "  The Poseidon Adventure . " Much of that changed in 1980 , when he was cast as a doctor aboard an endangered jetliner in the gag-a-minute disaster-movie parody "  Airplane ! " Nielsen 's deadpan response to the question "  Surely , you ca n't be serious ? " with "  I am serious -- and do n't call me Shirley " helped launch a second career . The film 's producers went on to cast him in their short-lived television series "  Police Squad ! " He reprised that show 's bumbling lead character , Lt. Frank Drebin , a decade later in three "  Naked Gun " movies , in which he shared the screen with O.J. Simpson and Priscilla Presley . Nielsen appeared in several similar but less-acclaimed spoofs following those films . Nielsen was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2003 . The medal is awarded to "  Canadian citizens for outstanding achievement and service to the country or to humanity at large . " iReport : Share your favorite quotes , memories Nielsen died of complications of pneumonia in a hospital near his home in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , surrounded by family and friends , a family statement said . Doug Nielsen called his uncle 's death a "  great loss . " "  He was extremely funny , " the younger Nielsen said in an interview with CNN affiliate Global Network News in Vancouver . "  At all of our family get-togethers , he was always the life of the party and a great-natured guy , " Nielsen said . "  He was a very good friend to me . "	NEW : "  He was the life of the party , " his nephew says Nielsen died of complications from pneumonia , his family says The earnest dramatic actor became a comedy star after "  Airplane ! " He played the captain in the 1972 disaster movie , "  The Poseidon Adventure "
CNN  -- Her passion for public speaking and networking have earned Julia Hobsbawm the moniker "  queen of networking " and made her one of the most influential people in the UK . As the founder of knowledge networking business Editorial Intelligence she aims to create more face-to-face meetings and live debates in a digital age where many opinion-formers are far too isolated in their corporate silos . To that end , Hobsbawm founded the Names Not Numbers ideas festival in 2009 to connect people from "  different walks of life -- business , culture , media , politics , academia , with each other in a very intensive setting . " CNN 's Route to the Top caught up with Hobsbawm to talk about the brainstorming retreat she 's created , the rising popularity of ideas conferences and the importance of intellectual stimulation . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : What is Names Not Numbers ? Julia Hobsbawm : It 's a mini-festival about ideas -- that 's the best way I can describe it . Each year , 150 to 200 participants from diverse backgrounds such as business , politics , law , or arts set off on a three days long journey to talk about the things that really matter . What makes it attractive to people is that in this environment where everything is busy and rushed , actually slowing down is a counter-intuitively refreshing and rewarding thing to do . CNN : Is your conference aimed at connecting mind , body and soul ? JH : It seems that something happens physically and chemically when you go for a journey . When people relax , they give more of themselves . Rather than just dropping out of the office for an hour and then rushing back , you are with a small family of people for a period of time . All sorts of ideas begin to exchange really fruitfully , friendships and business developments form . What people really want is to be looked after , as if they were going to a sort of "  ideas holiday . " CNN : Why do you think that events like this proved so popular over the past decade ? JH : The "  ideas conference " is still relatively young -- the TED conferences celebrate their 30th anniversary this year ; Names Not Numbers is seven years old . I think it is no accident that we see more public and private festivals in the decade that 'd seen Facebook . So , as a knowledge networking company , we explore how people crave a face-to-face connection in a Facebook age . Whilst technology enables everybody to connect , what actually moves the dial on relationships and connections is that when you speak to someone , you look in their face , you take a read of their body language . I think this is why the intensity and the immediacy of an elongated conference work so well . CNN : Names Not numbers has been described as an "  intellectual Viagra . " What does that mean to you ? JH : In a working world , we sometimes forget that people like to be intellectually stimulated . Many do n't often get the opportunity in their day jobs to use all the bits of their brain and their emotions . We hope we allow that to come out a bit . CNN : Do you think that idea conferences may pose a risk of over-stimulation in today 's information age ? JH : I think the age of overload is a real risk for people . And one of the benefits of coming away for two or three days of content that other people put together for you is that it actually allows you to relax . You do n't have to fervently read and go online , screen a million emails and worry about what you 've missed . So , in a curious way , actually having a very rich , immersive period of time is reassuring -- the programming has been done for you . READ THIS : Career tips from leading bosses READ THIS : What CEOs can learn from Romans Marcela Kunova contributed to this report .	Julia Hobsbawm is the founder of knowledge networking business Editorial Intelligence She promotes live networking meetings , increasingly necessary in the digital age The annual conference Names Not Numbers is a three-day long brainstorming retreat
CNN  -- A Florida man shot and killed his daughter and six grandchildren Thursday afternoon in the small north-central Florida town of Bell in what authorities called a murder-suicide . Gilchrist County Sheriff Robert Schultz identified the shooter as Don Spirit , 51 , and the daughter as Sarah Spirit , 28 . The sheriff told reporters the children -- three boys and three girls -- ranged in age from 3 months to 11 years . The sheriff would n't disclose what kind of firearm was used . Schultz said Don Spirit , who called 911 around 4 p.m. , killed himself after a deputy arrived on the scene . The deputy found the bodies inside the home . Deputies had previously responded to calls from the home , owned by Spirit , on "  numerous " occasions , officials said . Spirit had a criminal history , Schultz said , without elaborating . The sheriff said the news would devastate the county , which has about 17,000 residents . "  We 're all family here , " he said . In 2003 , the Orlando Sentinel reported that Spirit was sentenced to three years in prison after he accidentally killed his son Kyle in a hunting accident two years prior . Spirit was charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and pleaded guilty , the newspaper reported at the time . Florida criminal records show Spirit was released from prison in February 2006 . Bell is about 30 miles west of Gainesville . Florida community reels after mom kills son , daughter , self CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Mother of six children shot and killed inside residence was Sarah Spirit Shooter calls 911 , then shoots self after a deputy arrives Sheriff identifies killer as 51-year-old Don Spirit Don Spirit had spent time in prison , was released in 2006
CNN  Two girls accused of stabbing a friend to impress the fictional Internet bogeyman Slenderman have been found competent to stand trial . The decision came out of a Wisconsin courtroom Thursday , Waukesha County Circuit Court reporter Kathy Fus told CNN . Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier have been charged with attempted murder after authorities say they stabbed their classmate 19 times in May . All three were 12 at the time . The suspects allegedly left the victim to crawl to her own rescue . She was taken to a hospital after a passing bicyclist found her . Bicyclist who found victim : ` Who did that to you ? ' According to a criminal complaint , the suspects were arrested hours after the victim was discovered . The girls were allegedly trying to please Slenderman , a horror story meme the girls had encountered on a website known as Creepypasta Wiki . One of the suspects is said to have told police that Slenderman is the site 's supposed leader , and to climb into his realm , a user must kill someone . Geyser and Weier are being charged as adults . A preliminary hearing is set for February 18 . Who is Slenderman ? CNN 's Jason Hanna and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier are being charged as adults with attempted murder They are accused of stabbing another girl more than a dozen times in May A preliminary hearing is set for February 18
CNN  -- Its winds no longer a major threat , a stalled Tropical Storm Karen still carried the threat of storm surge to portions of the U.S. Gulf Coast . The National Hurricane Center  NHC  said the storm 's maximum sustained winds were at 40 mph on Saturday evening . The storm was idle much of Saturday night , but forecasters predicted it would turn northeast and gain speed going into Sunday , when it was expected to weaken to a tropical depression . The center of the storm will move just south of the Gulf Coast from Alabama to the Florida Panhandle on Sunday night and Monday , the NHC predicted . The storm will dissipate into a remnant area of low pressure on Sunday evening , with no secondary landfall along the northern Gulf Coast , forecasters said . A tropical storm warning was in effect for Grand Isle , Louisiana , to the mouth of the Pearl River . Coastal residents were warned that storm surges and dangerous waves remained possible . The storm is expected to drop up to 3 inches of rain over parts of the central and eastern Gulf Coast through Sunday night , mainly near and to the east of the storm 's center , the hurricane center said . Storm surges also are a concern . If peak surges coincide with high tide , water could reach up to 3 feet above ground from the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana to Alabama 's Mobile Bay , the center said . "  The combination of storm surge and the tide will cause normally dry areas near the coast to be flooded by rising waters , " the center said . CNN 's Sean Morris , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Todd Borek and David Simpson contributed to this report .	Tropical Storm Karen has sustained winds of 40 mph Storm is stationary south of Louisiana System expected to weaken to a tropical depression Coastal residents warned of storm surges and dangerous waves
London  CNN  At the time it probably seemed like fun : Jeremy Clarkson and a crew from the top-rated BBC TV show Top Gear driving a Porsche in Argentina . The only problem was that the car 's registration plate , H982 FLK , appeared to refer to the 1982 Falklands War between the UK and Argentina , fought over a remote British colony off the coast of Patagonia , which both countries claim . The conflict , which claimed the lives of 655 Argentinian servicemen and 255 Britons , ended with a British victory . Clarkson and the rest of the production team were in the country filming a TV special on a remote highway that passes through Chile and Argentina , and the number plate sparked anger among locals over the perennially touchy subject of the war . As the crew attempted to flee by road to Chile , they were attacked by an angry crowd who hurled rocks and bricks at the Porsche and other cars in the convoy . Clarkson , who fronts Top Gear , later said an angry mob tried to attack them with pickax handles and shouted "  burn their cars . " "  This was not some jolly jape that went awry . For once , we did nothing wrong , " he told The Sun . Top Gear producers said the numbers and letters on the registration plates had not been chosen deliberately . The motoring show , fronted by Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond , has made a name for itself globally with risky stunts and a brand of blokish humor that often treads the line and regularly steps over it . Clarkson is determinedly anti-politically correct among the topics he rails about , both on the show and in his newspaper and magazine columns . Favored topics include environmentalism , traffic laws and liberals . The latest "  fracas " has seen Clarkson suspended by the BBC , which broadcasts Top Gear , for allegedly hitting a producer . The presenter , who is one of the BBC 's highest earners , has previously caused offense during shoots in foreign countries and regularly court controversy at home . In July 2014 , Clarkson came under fire for a racist comment made during a Top Gear special in Myanmar . The slur came during a show segment which showed hosts Clarkson , Hammond and May looking at a bridge they had built over the River Kwai as a local man walked over it . "  That is a proud moment . But there 's a slope on it , " Clarkson said . "  You 're right , " co-star Hammond replied . "  It 's definitely higher on that side . " Following complaints , the UK 's media watchdog , Ofcom , said the use of the word "  slope , " which is a derogatory term , was offensive and that the episode broke broadcasting rules . The show 's executive producer Andy Wilman said in a statement , that they " -LSB- regretted -RSB- any offense caused , " adding , "  when we used the word ` slope ' ... it was a light-hearted word play joke referencing both the build quality of the bridge and the local Asian man who was crossing it . " Over the years , Clarkson has been in trouble for an apparent series of racist comments including characterizing Mexicans as "  lazy and feckless " and saying that everyone who traveled to India got "  the trots . " He was also accused of using the "  n-word " while filming the motoring show by UK newspaper The Mirror . "  Eeny , meeny , miny moe ... , " he sang in video footage published by The Mirror , "  Catch a nigger by his toe . " Initially , Clarkson vehemently denied the accusation on Twitter but following public condemnation and calls for the BBC to fire him , he begged viewers for forgiveness in a video statement posted online . "  I 'd actually used the word I was trying to obscure . I was mortified by this , horrified . It is a word I loathe , " Clarkson said . Among the condemnations was a sternly worded statement from 10 Downing Street , the office UK Prime Minister David Cameron -- a friend of Clarkson 's -- saying he would "  certainly not " use the n-word . According to the BBC , the PM 's spokesperson added that he felt it was "  absolutely right that there has been an apology . " Both Clarkson and the UK prime minister have homes in an affluent , rural part of central England known as the Cotswolds . They are part of a wealthy group of media , politics and showbiz acquaintances who live in and around Cameron 's Oxfordshire constituency . They have been dubbed "  The Chipping Norton Set . " Among them is former News International CEO and editor of The Sun and The News of the World , Rebekah Brooks , who came to prominence during the News International phone hacking scandal , for which she was acquitted . They also include former Blur musician Alex James and Elisabeth Murdoch , daughter of News Corp CEO Rupert Murdoch . In an article for the Daily Telegraph , former chief political commentator Peter Oborne described "  The Chipping Norton Set " as "  an incestuous collection of louche , affluent , power-hungry and amoral Londoners . " Clarkson 's popularity also comes from regular columns in venerated newspaper , The Sunday Times and tabloid The Sun . A recent Sunday Times column with the headline "  Phrasebook , tick . Local currency , tick . Tracksuit , tick . I 'm off to the north " attracted the ire of people from the northern English city of Liverpool . He wrote : "  People up there  north  earn less , die more quickly , have fewer jobs and live in houses that are worth the square root of sod all . " Local newspaper , The Liverpool Echo , which pointed out that Clarkson is a northerner himself , published a series of responses to the piece from local people who described him as "  stuck in the past " and "  a fake southerner " whose comments were "  as dated as his double denims . "	Top Gear 's Jeremy Clarkson is determinedly anti-PC ; courts controversy Broadcaster has caused offense for racist remarks in the past Friends with UK PM David Cameron and former news head Rebekah Brooks
President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin crossed paths Tuesday during a summit of world leaders in China -- but little else . The world leaders registered just a few chats during the daylong Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit meetings in Beijing despite both flanking Chinese President Xi Jinping throughout most of the event . National Security Council spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan confirmed the brief encounters between Obama and Putin in a statement Tuesday . "  On three occasions throughout the day , for a total of approximately 15-20 minutes , President Obama had an opportunity to speak with President Putin , " Meehan said . "  Their conversations covered Iran , Syria , and Ukraine . " Those likely wo n't be the only conversations between the two presidents as they are expected to cross paths again during the G20 summit in Australia later this week . Obama will also travel to Myanmar during his weeklong trip across Asia and the Pacific . U.S.-Russia Relations have descended to a new low over the last eight months since Russia meddled in the internal affairs of Ukraine , a NATO ally , and annexed Crimea in March . Chinese censors wipe Putin 's move on China 's first lady That annexation compelled the United States and the European Union to begin imposing sanctions on Russia which have since ratcheted up following Russia 's continued support of pro-Russian separatists fighting Ukrainian forces in Eastern Ukraine . And those tensions came to a head this summer with the downing of flight MH17 , which U.S. officials have said was shot down by a Russian-made missile from rebel-held territory in Eastern Ukraine . Western sanctions have targeted Putin 's inner circle in an attempt to pressure the Russian head of state to change his tack . Russia has not only armed the separatists in the region , but has reportedly deployed Russian military personnel to Eastern Ukraine -- with Ukraine accusing Russia most recently of sending 32 tanks across its border on Friday . And despite attempts to "  reset " U.S.-Russia relations early on in Obama 's presidency , relations between the two countries have soured over more than just Ukraine . The two countries have also been at odds over the conflict in Syria as Putin continues to arm Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces and provide diplomatic cover for Iran over its nuclear ambitions . Obama wades into foreign policy challenges on Asia trip	President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin are both in China A National Security Council spokeswoman said the two met for about 15-20 minutes total U.S.-Russia Relations have descended to a new low over the last eight months
After six months of fevered conjecture over the very existence of Lana Del Rey , the heavy-lidded chanteuse whose hypnotic " Video Games " fiercely divided the blogosphere last summer , it 's still not clear exactly what the argument is . Do people dislike her because she 's too " sexy " ? Is her apocryphal backstory -- the supposed millionaire father , the alleged lip augmentations  which she denies  , the name change from the more benign Lizzy Grant -- the issue ? Or is it just because she 's scored a deluge of prerelease hype that , as her widely panned January 14 appearance on "  Saturday Night Live " showed , might not be deserved ? "  Born to Die 's " wild swings between unqualified stunners and bizarre miscues provide no real answers , but they do produce plenty more chum for the message-board sharks . The stormy " Dark Paradise " and industrial-cabaret shimmy " Million Dollar Man " are both knockouts ; like the best episodes of "  Twin Peaks , " they 're dark , lovely , and just a little bit corny . But when Del Rey falls , she really lays out : The flimsy melody propping up " National Anthem " collapses under its embarrassing faux-rap , and " Radio " takes a " fame is hard " stance normally reserved for "  Real Housewives . " The rest play out like " Summertime Sadness , " which boasts both alluring melodic menace and lyrical eye-rollers like " Telephone wires above all / Sizzlin ' like your stare . " Is Lana the real deal , or the result of a misguided attempt to build the perfect femme fatale out of Nico 's leather jacket and Nicki Minaj 's wig ? All tabloid tawdriness aside , she unleashes some truly A-level songs . But its baffling failures drop "  Die " to a middling , maddening C + . See the full article at EW.com .	"  Born to Die 's " wild swings of unqualified stunners provide no real answers " Dark Paradise " and " Million Dollar Man " are both knockouts The flimsy melody propping up " National Anthem " collapses under its faux-rap
Nancy Motes , the half-sister of actress Julia Roberts , was found dead in a Los Angeles home Sunday , the coroner 's spokesman said . Paramedics were called to the home after Motes , 37 , was found on the floor of a bathroom , according to Los Angeles County Coroner 's Assistant Chief Ed Winter . She was pronounced dead at the scene at 2:12 p.m. Sunday , Winter said . "  She has a history of some medical issues , " Winter said . "  Some prescription drugs were found near her body . " The case is under investigation by the coroner 's officer and an autopsy is scheduled for Tuesday , Winter said .	Nancy Motes was found on the floor of a bathroom Sunday "  She has a history of some medical issues , " coroner 's spokesman says Prescription drugs were found near her body , official says
CNN  -- France 's World Cup nightmare finally came to an end in Bloemfontein but hosts South Africa narrowly failed to prevent Mexico and Uruguay progressing from Group A. Luis Suarez scored the only goal of the game in the battle of the two Latin American teams , but South Africa could not take advantage to pull off a famous turnaround in the group . The hosts did at least salvage some pride with a 2-1 defeat of France , but they become the first host nation to exit at the group stage in World Cup history . As for France , their miserable competition is over , but they did at least register their first goal , as Florent Malouda struck to half the deficit . In a week that saw striker Nicolas Anelka sent home in disgrace , the players refuse to train and two senior officials quit in disgust , coach Raymond Domenech 's reign of the national side has now come to an end . Former France captain Laurent Blanc will be his replacement . Uruguay go through as Group A winners and will now face whoever comes second in Group B -- likely to be Nigeria or South Korea . Mexico will face Argentina if Diego Maradona 's side top that group . South Africa 2-1 France After a tumultuous week Domenech made six changes to the side that faced Mexico , and dropped captain Patrice Evra from the squad altogether . Pedro Pinto : Heads should roll for French farce It was South Africa who opened the scoring on 20 minutes when Bongani Khumalo bundled home a corner after a flap from France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris . Replays suggested the ball hit the South African player 's arm . Things went from bad to worse for France when midfielder Yoann Gourcuff was sent off for an elbow on Siphiwe Tshabalala . And the hosts doubled their advantage 11 minutes later when Tsepo Masilela 's cross fell to Katlego Mphela who stabbed the ball home at the far post . Barcelona striker Thierry Henry was finally given a taste of World Cup action in the 55th minute and he flashed a shot wide within moments of his introduction . But in the 70th minute France finally broke their duck in the tournament as Franck Ribery ran onto Bacary Sagna 's pass before squaring to second-half substitute Florent Malouda to tap into an empty net . Mphela hit the crossbar after a through ball from Tshabalala , and Tshabalala himself came close right at the end when he forced Lloris into a smart save . At the final whistle an angry Domenech refused to shake hands with South Africa coach Carlos Alberto Parreira and he later told reporters : "  The over-riding emotion is one of sadness . "  We would have liked the dream to have continued . I shook hands with the players because we have been through some difficult times together . We need to be dignified in victory and defeat . "  I have had a splendid adventure for the last six years , good times and bad times . It is impossible to summarize at the moment what has happened . "  I can not analyze things yet . I am not concerned about myself only the French team and its future . Good luck to my successor and the French team . I wish them all the best . I will be their number one fan . " Uruguay 1-0 Mexico Uruguay and Mexico knew that a draw would send them both through to the second round but with Argentina the likely opponent for whoever finished second in the group , the Latin American sides set out for victories . Uruguay had an early chance to go in front when striker Luis Suarez sprang the offside trap , only to fire narrowly wide of the post . The 10 biggest World Cup shocks Guillermo Franco had the next opportunity as Mexico responded but he failed to make contact with the ball from inside the area . Andres Guardado then hit the bar for Mexico with a thunderbolt of a shot from 30 yards but just before halftime Uruguay made the breakthrough . Edinson Cavani got down the left before his pinpoint cross was met at the far post by Luis Suarez , who powered a header into the net . Veteran striker Cuauhtémoc Blanco had an early chance to draw Mexico level but his free-kick was hit right at Uruguay ` keeper Fernando Muslera . Then Pablo Barrera created a golden opportunity for defender Franciso Rodriguez , but he nodded tamely wide from the penalty spot . As the game entered its final stage Uruguay seemed content to hold onto their slender advantage , and Mexico could n't find the cutting edge to break them down . But at the final whistle both Latin American teams were through to the second round .	Uruguay and Mexico qualify from Group A of World Cup South Africa beat France 2-1 but fall short of second round France 's World Cup nightmare ends in defeat South Africa become first host nation in history not to reach knockout stages
CNN  -- Syria has destroyed a majority of its chemical weapons material , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said Saturday . "  The Syrian Arab Republic has removed or destroyed in-country approximately 80 percent of its chemical weapons material , " according to the OPCW Executive Council . The OPCW also said Saturday that the regime of embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is now on track to complete the disposal of the country 's chemical weapons in the next few days . If that happens , Syria would meet the deadline set by the OPCW for the destruction of the weapons before the end of April . "  The renewed pace in movements is positive and necessary to ensure progress towards a tight deadline , " said Sigrid Kaag , special coordinator of the OPCW-U.N. Joint Mission in Damascus . In March , Syria submitted to the OPCW a revised proposal for its chemical weapons disposal with a deadline at the end of April . That revised deadline proposal followed a February report by the OPCW that the country had shipped out just 11 % of its weapons stockpile for disposal , falling far short of a February 5 deadline to have all such weapons removed . The slow pace of removal prompted U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to warn in January that all options remain available to force compliance . Al-Assad agreed to get rid of all of Syria 's chemical weapons last fall to avoid a possible U.S. military strike against the regime . Attacks in Syria claim at least 13 lives As the country remains on track for disposal of its chemical weapons , the violence in the years-long civil war rages on . Attacks in three cities Saturday killed at least 13 people and injured dozens more . A car bomb exploded in Hama Saturday , killing four people and injuring nine others , a source at Hama Police Command told SANA , Syria 's national news agency . The bomb targeted a convoy of four trucks carrying humanitarian aid workers with the Syrian Red Crescent organization . Mortar shelling and rocket attacks on neighborhoods in Homs left six people dead and at least 40 others injured . A car bomb also exploded near a mosque in Homs Saturday , according to SANA . An unknown number of casualties are reported in that attack . Three people were killed , including a 3-year-old child , and more than a dozen injured in mortar attacks on neighborhoods in Aleppo , according to SANA . SANA is also reported attacks in Daraa and Damascus Saturday injured at least 24 people , including 14 children . French journalists released Four French journalists held hostage in Syria for the past 10 months are now on their way home . Journalists Edouard Elias , Didier FranÃ § ois , Nicolas Henin and Pierre Torres are in good health despite the tough conditions they endured during their captivity , the Elysee Palace said in a statement released Saturday . The men were taken hostage last June . French President Francois Hollande learned of the journalists ' release with "  great relief , " the statement said . The Elysee Palace also said the men are on their way home to France . Francois , a reporter , and Elias , a photographer , were on assignment in Syria for French radio station Europe 1 when they disappeared on June 6 , 2013 . They were en route to Aleppo and had already crossed the Turkish border into Syria when they vanished , according to the radio station . Reporter Henin and photographer Torres were taken hostage a short time later , on June 22 , the French Foreign Ministry said last October . Henin was working on assignment for Le Point magazine and the TV channel Arte , while Torres was there to cover municipal elections , the ministry said . Syria was the most deadly nation in the world for journalists on the job in 2013 . The Committee to Protect Journalists reported 29 journalists died covering the conflict there in 2013 , including some who died in Lebanon or Turkey . The report says more than 60 have died covering the war in Syria so far . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	OPCW : A majority of Syria 's chemical weapons have been destroyed Syria on track to meet deadline for chemical weapons disposal Attacks in Syria claim 13 lives and injure dozens Four French journalists held hostage in Syria released
CNN  -- A Christan pastor in Iran has been sentenced to death for allegedly renouncing his Muslim religion and another faces a possible indictment on the same charge of apostasy , according to a prominent activist group working for human rights in Iran . Youcef Nadarkhani , a 32-year-old member of the Church of Iran ministry and pastor of an approximately 400-person congregation in the northern city of Rasht , faces death , according to the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . In the southern city of Shiraz , another Christian pastor , Behrouz Sadegh-Khanjani , 35 , is facing a possible indictment for apostasy . "  This is part of a greater trend of persecution against Christians , " said Firouz Sadegh-Khanjani , brother of Behrouz and member of the Church of Iran 's Executive Council . Christians are feeling the heat in other parts of the Muslim world as well . In Iraq , Christians have been attacked and many have fled their homes for other lands . In Pakistan , a Christian woman faces a death sentence for blasphemy for allegedly defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed . On September 22 , Iran 's 11th Circuit Criminal Court of Appeals for the Gilan Province upheld the death sentence and conviction of Nadarkhani for apostasy . Apostasy is the "  act of renouncing one 's religion , " the human rights group said Tuesday , but it "  is not a crime under Iran 's Islamic Penal Code . Instead , the presiding judge in Nadarkhani 's case rested his opinion on texts by Iranian religious scholars . " "  It is the low point of any judicial system to sentence a person to death outside of its own legal framework , " said Aaron Rhodes , a spokesman for the campaign . "  To execute someone based on the religion they choose to practice or not practice is the ultimate form of religious discrimination and disregard for the freedom of conscience and belief . " The judgment said Nadarkhani was born to Muslim parents but converted to Christianity when he was age 19 and it said that "  during interrogations Nadarkhani made a written confession admitting he left Islam for Christianity . " He said during his trial that his "  interrogators pressured him into making the statement , " the campaign said . "  I am not an apostate . ... Prior to 19 years old I did not accept any religion , " Nadarkhani said at trial , according to the campaign . Nadarkhani said he was coaxed by an interrogator into thinking "  that a person who is born to Muslim parents , and does not accept a religion other than Islam before reaching the religious maturity age  15 for males  , is automatically a Muslim . " Nadarkhani 's attorney on Sunday filed an objection to the sentence with Iran 's Supreme Court . Two articles in the constitution grant Christians "  the right to freely worship and form religious societies " and another "  obligates the Iranian government to uphold the equality and human rights of Christians . " The judge based his decision on constitutional provisions and Revolutionary Court "  civil procedures that instruct judges to consult sources when there is no codified-law that addresses a matter , " according to the campaign . There is also a part of the penal code allowing "  judges to draw upon their personal knowledge when adjudicating cases . " "  More and more , the Iranian judiciary is departing from any recognized form of due process , issuing arbitrary judgments based on vague , open-ended laws , " said Rhodes . "  Laws and evidence are increasingly irrelevant and unrelated to judicial outcomes in Iran . " Leonard Leo , chairman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , said the "  draconian language in the verdict makes it very clear that the Iranian authorities mean business . He could be executed at any time . And for what ? For being a Christian . " "  We call upon the Obama administration and the international community to use every means available , to raise this issue and demand the unconditional release of Mr. Nadarkhani . " USCIRF officials said the last known execution of a Christian in Iran for apostasy was 20 years ago this month . The Rev. Hossein Soodmand -- a Muslim who converted to Christianity in 1964 and served pastor and evangelist in the Evangelical Christian Church -- was arrested and charged with apostasy and insulting Islam as a result of his own conversion and efforts to convert Muslims . He was hanged in December 1990 . Also , there have been executions of people of the Baha'i faith in Iran , including one charged with apostasy in 1998 , the officials said . In the Shiraz case , Firouz Sadegh-Khanjani told the campaign his brother was arrested in June . "  Eight members of his congregation including his wife were arrested two days later but were eventually released , " he is quoted as saying . "  For several months he was in solitary confinement . We had no word from him and he had no contact with his lawyer . He has been moved to  prison  but we worry about the type of pressure he was under while in solitary confinement . " After his release from solitary confinement , Behrouz Sadegh-Khanjani and his lawyer , Mahmoud Taravatrooy , attended a hearing in which "  prosecutors sought to indict him for apostasy along with the crimes of acting against national security , propaganda against the regime , and insulting sanctities . " "  We are most concerned with the apostasy charge , " Taravatrooy said . "  That 's where most of my energy has gone , to save him from death . " The clergyman 's brother said Sadegh-Khanjani was born to Christian parents and was never a Muslim , saying his mother is a Christian immigrant from the Congo and his father converted before he was born . "  Technically speaking , the court should dismiss this charge , " said Taravatrooy , "  but the judge has to review the accusations first . " Taravatrooy told the campaign that his office asked some top clerics to issue opinions on apostasy under Islam . Four Ayatollah 's , including the late Grand Ayatollah Hossein-Ali Montazeri , said that converting from Islam to one of the Abrahamic religions , including Christianity , is not construed as apostasy and the convert "  should be treated the same way as people of other religions would be , " Taravatrooy said . Behrouz Sadegh-Khanjani was under temporary detention June 6 after he reported on a summons to the revolutionary court in Shiraz . At the time , he was free on bail stemming from a December 2009 arrest . But Sadegh-Khanjani 's temporary detention order expired on October 18 , Taravatrooy said . "  Technically he is being held illegally , " according to the campaign .	The pastor facing death is from Rasht in northern Iran Another pastor faces possible indictment for apostasy Christians are feeling the heat in other parts of the Muslim world
CNN  -- Democrats are taunting Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for effectively allowing them a victory on a controversial nominee for surgeon general . Physician Vivek Murthy was confirmed Monday night on a 51-43 vote despite stiff opposition from the National Rifle Association , due in large part to Cruz 's unsuccessful maneuver this weekend meant to register GOP opposition to Obama 's executive action on deportations . The Texas Republican kept his colleagues in the Capitol through Saturday , intending to get a vote on whether the President 's move was constitutional . With the Senate in session , Democrats were able to clear procedural barriers in the nomination process , originally thought to be too time consuming to finish before the Christmas recess . Cruz 's keeping the Senate open allowed Democrats to clear those steps on a number of presidential nominees , some of them controversial , making it easier for them to win final confirmation this week . Murthy had long faced fierce opposition from Republicans , and particularly the gun lobby , for a letter he had signed calling for stricter gun control policies , and because he launched the pro-Obamacare group Doctors for America . So when he was confirmed on Monday night , Democrats could barely contain their glee â $ " Â expressing it in part on Twitter . The Senate Democrats ' account blamed both Cruz and Utah Sen. Mike Lee , both of whom forced their colleagues to stay in session through the weekend . Opinion : Surgeon general 's win is a political miracle White House senior adviser Dan Pfeiffer , former Obama campaign manager David Axelrod and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's communications director , Adam Jentleson , all joined in the chorus . Cruz spokeswoman Amanda Carpenter responded in similar fashion , suggesting Cruz 's gambit ultimately did n't matter . But the progressive group Center for American Progress saw it differently . .	Vivek Murthy was confirmed Monday night on a 51-43 vote as the next Surgeon General His nomination had been held up in part because of procedural hurdles in the Senate Those hurdles were cleared in part due to the Senate being in session through Saturday
CNN  -- Helene weakened into a tropical depression Saturday after making landfall in Mexico , the National Hurricane Center said . The storm brought more rain on an area that was recovering from Hurricane Ernesto , but it is forecast to dissipate by Monday . The tropical depression was about 15 miles  25 km  south-southwest of Tampico , Mexico . Helene packed winds of 35 mph and was moving toward the northwest at about 9 mph , the center said . Mexico discontinued all tropical storm warnings . As many as 6 inches of rain will fall across northeast Mexico , from northern Veracruz to southern Tamaulipas and eastern San Luis Potosi states , the center said . It comes after Ernesto hit the area last week as a Category 1 hurricane before weakening . Affected by the storm ? Share your photos and video with CNN iReport , but please stay safe .	Helene weakens to a tropical depression It pours rain on an area recovering from a recent hurricane Mexico discontinues all tropical storm warnings
Air traffic control technology is getting a major upgrade in the United States that is scheduled to be completed in 2014 , but the new systems are susceptible to potentially dangerous manipulation , according to a security researcher . The actual flaws might seem mild compared to everyone 's worst fears and common Hollywood plot lines . Planes can not be forced from the sky or dangerously redirected . But the researcher says the system can be tricked into seeing aircraft that are not actually there . Messages sent using the system are not encrypted or authenticated , meaning anyone with the basic technology and know-how could identify a plane and see its location . Computer scientist Andrei Costin , a Ph.D. student at Eurecom , gave a talk on the weaknesses of the new air traffic system at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas on Wednesday . He did not mention any known hacks of the system , but did demonstrate the potential negative scenarios . Old radar systems are being replaced with a new technology called Automatic Dependent Surveillance - Broadcast system , or ADS-B . The traditional radars work by sending a signal that triggers an aircraft 's responder to send back its position . The new system uses the global satellite navigation system to continuously broadcast the locations of planes . The information is sent to other aircraft and ground stations ; the ground station sends the location to air traffic controllers . The new system will open up this flight information to a new player : the general public . "  There are various applications which you can go to and basically see , online , in real time , all the airplanes which broadcast their information , " said Costin . According to Costin , the chance of these security holes being exploited for terrorism is unlikely , but he says they still have the potential to be used by pranksters , paparazzi and military intelligence organizations interested in tracking private aircraft or confusing air traffic control systems on the ground . Intercepting the messages , jamming the system or attacking it by adding false information does not require advanced technology ; the necessary software-defined radio retails for under $ 800 . One of the technology 's makers downplayed the threat . "  We are quite familiar with the theory that ADS-B could be ` spoofed , ' or barrage jammed by false targets . There 's little new here . In fact , just about any radio frequency device can be interfered with somewhat , " said Skip Nelson , the president of ADS-B Technologies , which is one of many companies making these components . "  I obviously ca n't comment on countermeasures , but you should know that this issue has been thoroughly investigated and international aviation does have a plan . " In a statement , the Federal Aviation Administration said it already has a process in place for addressing potential threats to the system , and it does conduct ongoing assessments of vulnerabilities : "  An FAA ADS-B security action plan identified and mitigated risks and monitors the progress of corrective action . These risks are security sensitive and are not publicly available . " The FAA has sunk millions of dollars into the system . The benefits of the ADS-B are that it will show more precise locations of aircraft and pilots will have access to more information about surrounding aircraft while in the air . The FAA also says it is more environmentally friendly by making flight routes more direct and saving on fuel . Given the large time and financial investment , the FAA is not going to abandon the new technology . However , it is n't throwing out the old system completely , just in case . "  The FAA plans to maintain about half of the current network of secondary radars as a backup to ADS-B in the unlikely event it is needed , " the FAA said in its statement .	Researcher : Hackers could trick new air traffic control systems into seeing fake aircraft The new system will be rolled out in the United States by 2014 The FAA says it conducts onging assessments of vulnerabilites
CNN  -- China 's giant pandas are believed to be safe after Monday 's earthquake , but concern is growing over how they will get their next meals . The giant pandas ' primary food source is bamboo . Authorities confirmed Tuesday that captive animals in two of China 's major panda reserves were alive , according to Xinhua , China 's official news agency . The Wolong Giant Panda Reserve Center in southwest Sichuan province is home to about 86 giant pandas , who were reported safe Tuesday . Staff and critters at neighboring Chengdu Panda Breeding and Research Center were also reported safe , according to a spokesperson for the Atlanta Zoo , which has two pandas on loan from the wildlife reserve . Concern arose in the international wildlife community over damage to the animals ' habitat , as authorities continued assessing the scope of damage in the Sichuan province . The mountainous , densely wooded region is the natural habitat for most of the 1,200 giant pandas living in the wild , making it an obvious location for research bases like Wolong and Chengdu . Giant pandas roam the forest in "  open cages " that are meant to provide them with a safe , natural environment that will prepare them for release . With the safety of the pandas confirmed , the animals ' caregivers are left to determine how resources like food and medical supplies will reach the bases , which contain breeding facilities and triage centers . Bamboo , the pandas ' primary source of food , is a major agricultural product in the region , but whether it can be supplied to the pandas despite infrastructure damage is open to question . "  Wolong is hard to access under normal conditions , so the heavy road damage makes it even harder , " said Kerry Zobor , spokesperson for the World Wildlife Fund . Zobor said WWF had confirmed the safety of staff based in Beijing , but had not received word on the conditions in Wolong . She said the WWF was also concerned about members who had been touring the country when the earthquake struck . So far , the group has not been located . Scientists in the United States are hopeful that Chinese researchers will adapt to the situation facing them . David Wildt with the Smithsonian 's National Zoological Park in Washington says that scientists in Wolong have overcome threats to the giant panda population before . In the late 1990s , the captive giant panda population was in decline , with more animals dying than were born , Wildt said . Thanks to a collaborative effort with American scientists , the Wolong staff was able to reverse the trend . "  Our Chinese colleagues are very perceptive when it comes to addressing problems , " said Wildt , who has visited Wolong many times as part of the Smithsonian 's affiliation with the research base . "  Because of their efforts , the population is on the rise today . " Wildt said that Chinese scientists have also addressed the issue of alternative food sources before . "  Artificial diets in the form of protein biscuits have been created for giant pandas . They 're not a complete substitute , but they meet the needs of a basic high-fiber diet , " said Wildt , who has worked with two pandas that the Smithsonian has on loan from Wolong . "  Right now , we 're mostly concerned about the staff . If the staff is fine , then the animals will be fine , " Wildt said .	Report : Chinese authorities confirm that captive giant pandas are safe Concerns grow over road accessibility to the reserves Scientist : Alternative foods exist in the event of depleted bamboo stocks
China 's state-run People 's Daily newspaper is known for political correctness rather than a sense of humor . So when a report surfaced this week that North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un had been named the 2012 "  Sexiest Man Alive " , the self-described mouthpiece of the Chinese Communist Party cheered its Korean comrade on its website -- only this "  news " came from satirical U.S. website , The Onion . China is North Korea 's major ally and aid provider . Reporting something flattering on Kim must have been considered politically correct . Its website editors even built a gallery of photos to accompany the report , with slides featuring Kim riding a horse , inspecting troops and being hugged by female soldiers . While the item spiced up the usually staid pages of the website , it led to wave of sniggering as international media lampooned Chinese state media for being fooled by a bogus report from a well-known purveyor of offbeat humor and satire . Was the omniscient People 's Daily really this gullible or was it the work of a mischievous insider with a penchant for satire ? On Wednesday , a woman who took our call at the website 's office in Beijing insisted that it was "  impossible that the People 's Daily would quote from any unreliable media -- we do verify our news and sources . " The woman , who declined to identify herself , said the story and pictures had been removed a day after being posted . But the damage had been done and The Onion was relishing the publicity . "  Please visit our friends at the People 's Daily in China , a proud Communist subsidiary of The Onion , " read its statement . "  Exemplary reportage , comrades . " Chinese micro-bloggers could n't resist getting in on the act too . "  The world was fooled by the People 's Daily , because no Chinese believes this paper , " wrote @Hai_Dao_Wu_Bian . So the Chinese have a sense of humor ? Christopher Rea , who is writing a book on the cultural history of humor in modern China , says the Chinese have "  a robust sense of the farcical and the absurd , as well as a keen appreciation of watching those in power screw up . " Rea , a scholar at the Australian Center on China in the World , says "  the Chinese sense of humor runs the same gamut as elsewhere . " Linda Jaivin , a veteran China-watcher and co-author of "  New Ghosts Old Dreams , " a book on Chinese literature and culture , said Beijing people 's sense of humor tends to be "  very topical , political and satirical . " When a giant statue of Confucius suddenly appeared in Tiananmen Square , not far from Mao 's iconic portrait early last year , tongues wagged about what it all signified politically -- was Confucius back to dislodge Mao as China 's spiritual leader ? The statue was moved off the square just as abruptly a few weeks later , prompting some in political circles to joke that the venerated sage , who hailed from rural Shandong , had been busted for not having a Beijing residence permit . For centuries political satire has been a staple for much of Chinese humor , and remains so during the Communist era . In the 1980s , when the first signs of official corruption related to economic reform began appearing , humorists cleverly minted ditties like these : "  I 'm a big official , so I eat and drink , eat and drink ... " "  It 's not my money we 're spending after all , so eat and be merry and let 's have a ball ! " Nowadays , Chinese writers , artists , cartoonists , comedians and netizens resort to humor and satire to mock , question , challenge and document social phenomena , events and incidents . "  A lot of Chinese humor is pun-based and probably always has been , " said Jaivin , who speaks Chinese fluently . "  The Chinese language is exceptionally rich in homonyms and is ripe for punning . " Much of it can be lost in translation but some does overcome any linguistic limits . When some Beijing residents nicknamed the new Koolhaus-designed office complex of CCTV , China 's flagship television network , "  da kucha "  the Big Underpants  , for its resemblance to underwear , the government tried to give it a nicer sounding moniker . "  So they tried ` zhichuang ' -- Window on Knowledge , " recalled Jaivin . "  Catchy but worse , because as Beijing funsters worked out in about a microsecond , it 's also a homonym for hemorrhoid . " The Chinese sense of humor has also become more global , Rea said , citing the "  E'gao phenomenon " of spoofing and parody on the Internet that started in 2005 and is still popular , especially among tech-savvy youths . "  It draws strongly on international influences , down to the images , sounds , and texts used in video mash-ups , " he said . So if Chinese humor is so robust , why did the editors at the People 's Daily get duped ? "  Maybe because many Chinese editors and journalists lack good knowledge of journalism and English so they find it hard to spot satire , " suggested a graduate student in journalism in Beijing . "  Maybe because there is so much fake news and they lack the ability to distinguish real news from the fake . " Rea blamed the "  pervasive plagiarism of foreign news outlets in the Chinese official news media , combined with shoddy quality control or fact checking . " Is there a serious lesson to be learned here ? "  The primary lesson that all journalists -- not just Chinese -- should draw from this is that all information needs to be verified before it is published , " said Richard Hornik , a lecturer in journalism at Stony Brook University , who once covered China for Time Magazine . "  Since new media such as Weibo , Facebook and Twitter have made all of us publishers in the digital era , all responsible citizens should verify information before they publish , forward , ` like ' or retweet it . " How embarrassed should the People 's Daily be ? "  Extremely , " quipped Jaivin . "  That said , I do hope no one gets sent to a labor camp over it . "	Chinese news site lampooned after taking an Onion satire for a real story Onion reported that North Korea 's Kim Jong-Un was "  sexiest man of 2012 " The joke belies a strong sense of humor in China , China watchers say Chinese writers , artists , cartoonists use satire to mock , question , challenge
CNN  -- Emilee Neagle and her family had just 26 minutes to leave their house the night a tornado hit her town of Woodward , Oklahoma . "  The wind was blowing and it woke me up , " Neagle said of the moments before she fled . She heard that severe weather was heading for Woodward , but it was n't until she turned on the television Saturday night to watch the local news that she realized her home was in the path of the devastation . A tornado barreled through Woodward -- a community of about 12,000 people -- just after midnight Sunday , killing six people . While the powerful system hit a hospital , blew truckers off highways and shredded buildings in several states , Woodward was the only place where fatalities were reported over the weekend . Oklahoma tornado claims sixth victim "  We did n't take the diaper bag , we did n't take my purse ... I mean , we just ran , " Neagle said about her family 's escape . In the chaos of trying to get out before the storm , she knew they had forgotten a lot , but at the time she did n't realize how much . "  Honestly , it really did n't pop into my head until the next day , " Neagle said of the wedding ring she left on the bathroom counter . They also left behind the family dog , she said . "  I know he 's not a human or anything like that , but our dog , my daughter 's dog ... has been with her from the very beginning , " she said of , Ted , the dog . "  We were in such a hurry we left him here . I just thought he was gone . " Neagle is a third-grade teacher and a beloved member of the Woodward community . So much so , that when neighbors and parents of her students heard about what she had left behind , they teamed up to help her look for the "  needle in the haystack , " she said . "  I started walking down the street , looking for my friends wondering if they were alive and ... the neighbor down the street ... I saw these two little ears  come  up in his pickup . A little boy had found him and picked him up for me , " Neagle said about her dog . Storm hits Iowa hospital But Ted was n't all she found . Armed with a metal detector and the tenacity needed for an all-day search , Neagle and her friends also found her ring -- after nearly eight hours of digging through the debris . "  I 've got my girls , my family , I 'm fine . This can be replaced , " she said , speaking near the wreckage that used to be her home . "  It 's material things , but it 's just the thought of losing your wedding ring . " For now , that 's one less thought Neagle has to worry about . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report from Woodward , Oklahoma .	Emilee Neagle and her family fled ahead of the tornado They left behind the dog and her wedding ring ; both are recovered Six people in Woodward were killed as a result of the storm
CNN Student News  -- May 29 , 2009 Quick Guide West Bank Settlements - Learn about the unsettled issue of settlements in the West Bank . Education Budget Cuts ? - Hear how a proposed budget cut could impact California students . Hurricane Readiness - Consider how prepared some Americans are for hurricane season . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Fridays are awesome ! Thank you for wrapping up your week with CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : West Bank Settlements AZUZ : First up , a White House meeting between President Obama and the head of the Palestinian Authority . President Mahmoud Abbas sat down with Obama yesterday , just as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did last week . They 're all discussing the same topic : possibilities for a Middle East peace plan . One of the big issues : Israeli settlements in the Palestinian-controlled West Bank . Obama and Abbas want Israel to stop settlement activity , but Netanyahu has pledged to expand it . Ben Wedeman is in the region , and reports on the situation there . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP BEN WEDEMAN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : We 're right next to Ma'ale Adumim , which is the biggest Jewish settlement in the West Bank . Now , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said , he 's insisted , that he wants natural expansion , or growth , to occur in those settlements Which means that settlements like Ma'ale Adumim are going to get bigger and bigger . And that 's something the Palestinians are completely opposed to . Now , what you see on the other side of this valley is the town , the Palestinian town of Eizariya , known from the Bible as Bethany . Now , this town is right up against Jerusalem , in fact many people consider it part of Jerusalem , but it 's separated from Jerusalem by the Israeli so-called security barrier , what the Palestinians call the apartheid separation wall . It can not expand . It can not have growth in the direction of Jerusalem because of the wall , and because of Ma'ale Adumim , it ca n't expand in that direction . I 'm Ben Wedeman , CNN , reporting from East of Jerusalem on the occupied West Bank . END VIDEO CLIP International Highlights AZUZ : Catching up on a couple other international headlines , beginning with a series of deadly explosions in Pakistan . This took place last night in and around the city of Peshawar . At least eight people were killed in the violence and dozens of others were wounded . The attacks came one day after a suicide bombing in the Pakistani city of Lahore . And parts of Honduras are recovering from a deadly earthquake . Reports yesterday evening indicated that five people had been killed and 17 others injured by the tremor . Officials say the quake , which struck early Thursday morning , registered a magnitude of 7.1 . It was followed 30 minutes later by a 4.8-magnitude aftershock . Money Word GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Here 's the deal : Today 's Money Word is budget . It 's a financial plan that estimates income and expenses . Put that in your word bank ! Education Budget Cuts ? AZUZ : The state of California is facing a budget crisis . The state is struggling with a multi-billion dollar deficit . In a recent special election , voters cast their ballots against some plans that Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger designed to help the state 's budget . Now , he says California has to make some severe cuts . Dan Simon explores how one might have a big impact on students . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP DAN SIMON , CNN CORRESPONDENT , SAN FRANCISCO : Romell Moore grew up on the rough-and-tumble streets of Oakland , California . He says a strong grandmother kept him out of trouble . DOROTHY MOORE , ROMELL MOORE 'S GRANDMOTHER : I 'm strict with him . SIMON : When he graduates from high school next month -- he 's number three in his class -- Rommel would be the first person in his family to go to college . He 's been accepted at U.C. Santa Cruz . ROMELL MOORE , HIGH SCHOOL SENIOR : It makes me feel good that I was doing all the right stuff and doing all the hard work to go , and maybe I can be a guidance to my young cousins and nephews that maybe they 'll want to go to college , too . SIMON : He wants to become a lawyer , but that dream could be shattered because of California 's budget woes . The state facing an unprecedented deficit is looking at ways to save billions , and Governor Schwarzenegger has proposed slashing what are called Cal Grants , money that helps pay tuition for students from low income families . 200,000 students statewide could lose all or part of the Cal Grants they were counting on to pay for college this fall . ROMELL MOORE : The whole way through school , the teachers and all that tell you as long as you get good grades and all that , the state and the system will find a way to send you to school . SIMON : A promise that would have to be taken back if the proposed cuts happen . Without Cal Grants , Romell would lose nearly a third of the money for his $ 27,000 a year tuition and other expenses . Nancy Roman is the college counselor at Romell 's school . She says the ripple effects would be enormous . NANCY ROMAN , COLLEGE COUNSELOR : Our main problem is just getting students to even look at college , because in their head , already , its been ingrained that it 's too expensive as well as with parents ; they do n't want students to apply , because , "  Oh , it 's too expensive , " so we always talk about about Cal Grants . SIMON : Romell has this message for lawmakers making the touch choices . ROMELL MOORE : By helping me go to school they wo n't have another person on welfare just taking state money to survive . They 'll have another person working , making money for the state . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout RAMSAY : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Koczot 's Social Studies classes at Broad Creek Middle School in Newport , North Carolina ! How are tropical depressions identified ? Is it by : A  Female names , B  Male names , C  Numbers or D  Letters ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Tropical depressions are assigned numbers ; they do n't get names until they become tropical storms . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Hurricane Readiness AZUZ : We already have our first of the year . Tropical Depression One formed off the eastern U.S. coast yesterday . Forecasters do n't expect it to be much of a threat . Of course , when these storms increase in intensity , they can become hurricanes , and as we 've seen in recent years , some can cause serious damage . John Zarrella looks at how prepared we are as hurricane season begins . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN MIAMI BUREAU CHIEF AND CORRESPONDENT : Galveston : Rebuilding the seawall continues after Hurricane Ike . New Orleans : The fortified levees are inspected . Alabama : Rehearsal for a massive coastal evacuation . Days before the start of hurricane season , preseason drills and preparations are nearly complete . You 've been paying attention , right ? Surely , you 've heard the chorus of warnings . The U.S. Commerce Secretary . GARY LOCKE , U.S. COMMERCE SECRETARY : Public awareness and public preparedness are the best defenses against a hurricane . And that defense is more important than ever . ZARRELLA : The New Orleans mayor . MAYOR RAY NAGIN ,  D  NEW ORLEANS : Each citizen must have a personal evacuation and recovery plan that accounts for your entire family . ZARRELLA : The Hurricane Specialist . JACK BEVIN , NATIONAL HURRICANE CENTER : Plan now . Know what to do , so you 'll be ready when the storm threatens . ZARRELLA : With so much drums beating , everyone living in hurricane-prone communities is ready , right ? Well , no . Not hardly . A new Mason-Dixon poll sponsored by the National Hurricane Survival Initiative found most people surveyed from Maine to Texas have done little to get ready , despite recent big ones : Katrina , Rita and , last year , Ike . 83 % of the 1,100 people surveyed have taken no steps to make their homes stronger . 66 % have no hurricane survival kits ; basics like food and water for three days . 53 % do n't know if their insurance policy covers hurricane damage . Every year , surveys find hurricane apathy pretty much unchanged , no matter how bad the season was . Sociologists chalk it up to human nature : procrastinate . Emergency managers say the "  uh oh " factor will kick in when . CHUCK LANZA , BROWARD COUNTY EMERGENCY MANAGER : I saw people really do when the big ones are coming , they get prepared . ZARRELLA : But this year , emergency managers fear because of the economy , many people ca n't afford to stock up . LANZA : We 'd like people to set aside a little bit of money and buy a little bit of the supplies that they need now , and a little bit more every week as they get the money . ZARRELLA : If they just ca n't , experts say now 's the time to come up with a plan to evacuate . END VIDEO CLIP Off the Beaten Path AZUZ : And finally today , we 're taking a look at some stories from the lighter side of news . So , prepare your taste buds for a tempting trip off the beaten path . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP AZUZ : He definitely ai n't the world 's fastest coffee server . MIKE KEEN , BARISTA : You better never be a hurry when you 're in here . AZUZ : But if you do n't need your espresso express-o , impress your senses with a picture-perfect latte ! Mike Keen is an artist and a barista at the same time . And if you 're into image and taste , you wo n't mind if this takes a latt-e time . For a different flavor ... ALISON GROS , TEACHER : I made the deal , and I 'm just gon na have to accept the consequences . AZUZ : But for most of us , this would be a deal breaker : worms for lunch . The New Orleans fourth grade teacher promised her students that she 'd have grubs for grub if they grubbed up good grades . They did their part , so bon appetit ! On the menu : ELISE RONE , ENTOMOLOGIST : The mealworms are grubs that turn into beatles . AZUZ : Well , they would have , if they could 've wormed their way out of this . Some students even stepped up to the table ! But if the worms ' woes seem in bad taste , they still make for one good segment . And who can argue with a fudge dessert ? At least , until you find out it 's filled with crickets . I guess there 'll be no chirping on this trip Off the Beaten Path . END VIDEO CLIP Goodbye AZUZ : From earthworm entrees to an insect ending ? That whole meal sounds like one big gag . Time to bug out for the weekend . Hope you have a great one .	Learn about the unsettled issue of settlements in the West Bank Hear how a proposed budget cut could impact California students Consider how prepared some Americans are for hurricane season
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader on Friday rejected opposition claims that last week 's presidential elections were rigged , describing President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's win as "  definitive " and demanding an end to days of protests . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made his first address since the June 12 presidential elections . In his first speech since the June 12 election outcome sparked the country 's worst unrest in 30 years , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the vote accurately reflected the will of the people and accused "  enemies of Islam " of stoking anger . He warned opposition leaders , who are planning a new rally on Saturday , against staging further demonstrations , saying they would be held accountable for any violence . The "  Islamic establishment would never manipulate votes and commit treason . The legal structure in this country does not allow vote-rigging , " Khamenei said , in his first address since the elections . He told a large crowd at Tehran University that the "  historic " 85 percent turnout of more than 40 million people was a "  political earthquake " and was too large to have been manipulated . "  There is a difference of 11 million votes . How can vote-rigging happen ? " he added . Watch Khamenei dismiss claims of fraud " Ahmadinejad , whose hardline policies have antagonized Western nations , claimed victory with more than 62 percent of the votes , surprising many experts who had predicted a stronger showing from main opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi . The Ayatollah 's speech was likely to come under heavy scrutiny in Iran , amid expectations that , despite conciliatory comments , his strong endorsement of Ahmadinejad will do little to appease Moussavi 's emboldened supporters . Read about Iran 's power structure " Moussavi 's allegations of ballot fraud and calls for a fresh vote have rallied thousands on the streets of Tehran and other cities , in scenes not witnesses in country since the Islamic Revolution of 1979 toppled its monarchy . The unrest prompted Iran to place restrictions on foreign media , limiting their reports on six days of street protests , police arrests and some outbreaks of violence that have left at least eight people dead . Watch militia crackdown " Khamenei described the dispute over the election outcome as a disagreement within Iran 's establishment , accusing "  foreign enemies " and "  Zionists " -- including the United States , Britain and Israel -- of fomenting violence , and criticizing international media coverage of the unrest . Britain 's Foreign Office confirmed shortly after the speech that it was summoning Iran 's London ambassador in response to Khamenei 's comments . His speech was punctuated with exhortations from the crowd , including : "  Allah is Great , " "  Death to Israel , " "  Death to America , " and "  Death to Britain . " Expressing support for Ahmadinejad , Khamenei accused rival election candidates of insulting the president in the run-up to the vote . "  They swore and called the president superstitious and called him names , which is embarrassing . They forgot about morality and law , " he said . Khamenei , who has authorized a partial vote recount , said proper legal channels should be used for any challenge to the election outcome . He called for an end to street protests , warning that perpetrators of violence would face punishment . On Thursday , tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets of Iran 's capital for the sixth day in a row . Some estimates put the total number of participants in the hundreds of thousands . See where protests have taken place " Moussavi spoke through a bullhorn from atop a building to the throngs of marchers who snaked through the city , in what was described as a peaceful protest . He spoke hours after the Iranian government agreed to meet with candidates for crisis talks to discuss complaints stemming from the election . With restrictions on reporting the unrest , much of the news , video and images emerging from Iran have come via social networking sites , often bypassing authorities ' attempts to block applications such as Facebook and Twitter . CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour described Khamenei 's address as a heartfelt defense of Iran 's establishment but said it was uncertain the opposition would heed his call to end demonstrations . Watch Amanpour discuss speech . " "  That 's the all important question . Whether or not the leaders of the opposition -- Mir Hossein Moussavi -- will call on these people to stop their protests is unclear , " she said . "  Whether they will end and whether the people on the the streets will listen -- because the protests have been spontaneous . It will be intersting to see after this call from the supreme leader , from whom all power in Iran flows . " Moussavi , who called for a boycott of Khamenei 's prayer sermon , was absent from the audience , which included Ahmadinejad and , next to him , parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani , who has previously had a tense relationship with the president . Former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who has been in a power struggle with Khamenei , was not visible on the TV broadcast of the event . Rafsanjani is chairman and overseer of the Assembly of Experts -- which is responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader . iReport.com : Share images from Iran In his speech , Khamenei defended Rafsanjani from charges of corruption made by Amhadinejad during a pre-election debate . However , he opened the door to corruption charges against Rafsanjani 's relatives . In discussing Iran 's support of human rights , Khamenei slammed U.S. policies in Afghanistan and Iraq . He even made an apparent reference to the deaths of people -- what he called the "  burning alive " of 80 men , women and children -- during the federal siege of the Branch Davidian complex in Waco , Texas in 1993 . "  We have raised the flag of human rights through Islam , " Khamenei said . There have been arrests and casualties in civil unrest , with human rights group Amnesty International saying reports suggest that up to 15 people have died . The government maintains seven people have died . Iranian TV Thursday night aired confessions from people who authorities say were paid to destabilize Iran . It aired remarks from some "  terrorists " who said the United States paid them to enter from Iraq to committing terrorist acts against the Iranian leadership . CNN 's Badi Badiozamani contributed to this report	Iran 's supreme leader rejects claims of ballot rigging in presidential vote Ayatollah Khamenei delivers first speech since election outcome sparked unrest He criticizes protests , says those who caused violence would be held accountable He also criticizes international media for how they have portrayed the election
CNN Student News  -- December 16 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Iraq Washington , D.C. London , United Kingdom Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the End of Year Quiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News in 2011
CNN  -- Lunesta may help you doze off at night , but it 's the morning after that has officials concerned -- which is why on Thursday they halved the recommended dosage for the well-known sleep aid . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration cited data showing that a person may be less alert and do things such as driving less safely the day after taking Lunesta . In particular , the federal agency pointed to one study of 91 healthy adults between the ages of 25 and 40 , some of whom were given 3 mg of Lunesta , while the others got a placebo , or inactive pill . Men and women who took the active drug had "  severe next-morning psychomotor and memory impairment " some 7Â 1/2 hours later , as well as "  impairment to driving skills , memory and coordination as long as 11 hours after the drug is taken , " according to an FDA news release . As a result , the FDA decided to decrease the recommended starting dose of Eszopiclone , as sold by Sunovion under the brand name Lunesta , from 2 mg to 1 mg . The federal agency noted that health care professionals could increase the dosage as high as 3 mg while warning of the consequences . "  To help ensure patient safety , health care professionals should prescribe , and patients should take , the lowest dose of a sleep medicine that effectively treats their insomnia , " said Dr. Ellis Unger , a drug evaluation director at the FDA . Sunovion , the company that makes and markets Lunesta , did not immediately respond Thursday to CNN requests for comment on the recommended dosage change . According to the product 's website , Lunesta is "  the No. 1 prescribed branded sleep aid , " with more than 31 million prescriptions for the drug written . The same site states that "  more than 30 studies " have shown Lunesta "  to be effective in many different types of insomnia patients , " adding that "  there are no restrictions on duration for taking Lunesta . "	FDA : The recommended starting dose for Lunesta should be 1 mg , not 2 mg It notes studies showing "  severe next-morning psychomotor and memory impairment " Lunesta is the "  No. 1 prescribed branded sleep aid , " its website says
Honey Boo Boo 's mother is coming clean about her past , which she says includes her involvement with a second sex offender . In an exclusive interview with "  Entertainment Tonight " to begin airing Thursday , reality TV matriarch June "  Mama June " Shannon explains why she was seen in the company of Mark Anthony McDaniel , a man who served 10 years in prison after being convicted of aggravated child molestation in 2004 and who is a registered sex offender . Shannon also says the father of two of her children is another man who was convicted of a sex crime . "  Shannon also revealed for the first time her claim that Pumpkin 's biological father is also the father of her 18-year-old daughter Jessica , " according to ET online . "  His name is Michael Anthony Ford , he is a convicted sex offender who served time for sexual exploitation of minors after being caught on ` To Catch a Predator ' in 2005 . " Her rumored involvement with McDaniel -- who was recently released after serving a 10-year sentence -- touched off a firestorm that resulted in the cancellation of the popular TLC reality show "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " in October . The show centered around Shannon and her family , including 9-year-old daughter Alana "  Honey Boo Boo " Thompson , who came to fame competing in child beauty pageants . TLC ends production on ` Honey Boo Boo ' It was announced in September that Shannon had split with Alana 's father , longtime love Mike "  Sugar Bear " Thompson . Shannon 's oldest daughter , Anna "  Chickadee " Cardwell , 20 , has said McDaniel molested her when she was 8 . Shannon told ET 's Brooke Anderson that she does believe "  that something happened " between her daughter and McDaniel and that she 's "  told Anna not to bring up the past again . It would be hard for me . " She said she 's seen him only twice since his release , once coincidentally and once at an arranged meeting for her 14-year-old daughter , Lauryn "  Pumpkin " Shannon , who grew up believing McDaniel was her father . "  Since 2 months to almost 6 years , she knew nobody but him , " Shannon said . "  She was starting to resent Anna , and she was starting to ask me questions . I ca n't answer those questions for Pumpkin . " But Shannon now says Pumpkin 's biological father is actually Ford . "  Jessica and Pumpkin have the same dad , but Jessica 's dad has had nothing to do with her over the years , " she said . "  So , why the hell would I open up that can of worms until today ? I lied to my family and told them it was somebody else . " Shannon said she wanted to do the interview to clear the air . "  I have nothing to hide . I have nothing to lose , " she told ET . "  I just want , honestly , to tell my side of the story , and let 's move on . "	Mama June tells "  Entertainment Tonight " that she has seen Mark McDaniel only twice She said two of her daughters were fathered by another sex offender The reality star said she has "  nothing to hide "
CNN  -- I , like millions of Americans , tune in each week to check out the latest adventures of America 's favorite "  Modern Family , " especially Mitch and Cam and their adorable daughter Lily . While their prominence on network television strongly signals Americans ' growing comfort with same-sex couples raising kids , my research suggests that , in truth , Mitch and Cam may have more in common with the decidedly un-modern Cleavers of 1950s sitcom fame than most LGBT families in this country . A typical LGBT parent is more likely to be an African-American woman in Mississippi than a white lawyer in California . U.S. Census Bureau data suggest that Americans raising kids as part of a same-sex couple are almost twice as likely to be African-American as are their counterparts raising children in heterosexual couples , and Mississippi is the state where same-sex couples are most likely to have a child . About 3 million LGBT Americans are parents . Surveys suggest that 37 % of the more than 8 million LGBT adults in the United States report having had a child . On average , they 've had two kids , so it 's likely that at least 6 million Americans have an LGBT parent . Evidence also suggests that many of these LGBT parents had their children at a relatively young age . This week , the Supreme Court will consider two cases that will affect same-sex couples , including those who are parents . One case deals with the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act , which prohibits the federal government from recognizing the marriages of same-sex couples . The other will weigh California 's Proposition 8 , which prohibits same-sex couples from marrying in that state . Opinion : Will gay rights infringe on religious liberty ? As the justices deliberate , they should understand what marriage might mean for America 's LGBT parents , especially those in same-sex couples . Most kids being raised by same-sex couples  59 %  are reported to be the biological children of one of the spouses or partners . But for kids who do n't have a biological link to their parents , the absence of marriage can mean a tenuous or nonexistent legal connection to parents who , in a medical emergency , may not be permitted to make life-altering decisions on behalf of their children . U.S. Census Bureau data suggest that 16,400 children being raised by same-sex couples are stepchildren and 22,500 are adopted . In fact , same-sex couples are four times more likely than other couples to have an adopted child and six times more likely to be fostering a child . With the mix of laws on the books in this country , simply crossing a state border from a state that recognizes the marriage of a same-sex couple to one that does n't can mean the step - and adoptive-parents can suddenly become legal strangers to them . For many American families , marriage helps to promote stability in family relationships and more efficient allocation of household financial resources . Both of these factors help to explain why children raised by their married parents generally report better health and well-being outcomes when compared to children who experience family instability and more limited financial resources . LGBT families tend to include parents that are younger , more female , and more racially and ethnically diverse than the typical American parent . Unfortunately , all of these characteristics are associated with relatively lower incomes . So it is no surprise that we find a $ 10,000 difference between the median annual household incomes of same-sex and different-sex couples raising children , $ 63,900 vs. $ 74,000 , respectively . Same-sex couples raising children are also at a disadvantage when it comes to health insurance coverage for themselves and their children . Many companies do not offer spousal and family health benefits to same-sex partners . And even when they do , they are often more expensive than comparable plans available for different-sex married couples . While more of these families might have access to health insurance after the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , right now , among same-sex couples raising biological , adopted or stepchildren , at least one parent or child does not have health insurance in 38 % of same-sex couple families . For different-sex married couples , the figure is half that at 18 % . Sutter : The county where no one 's gay As evidenced by their majority support for legalizing marriage for same-sex couples in this country , Americans are getting to know their LGBT family members and neighbors  and their kids  better every day . They see that LGBT parents are motivated by many of the same desires as other parents : strong , happy and healthy families . Is it surprising then that many want to get married ? Doing so would provide these families , many of whom endure challenging legal climates and economic hardship , with the same opportunities and choices available to all Americans . While marriage is hardly a panacea for economic health , allowing same-sex couples to marry at least gives them the same opportunities for building stable and economically secure families that so many other Americans have . Let 's hope that the Supreme Court sees it that way , as well . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Gates .	Gary Gates says couple in "  Modern Family " does n't reflect most LGBT families He says typical LGBT parent is likely to be younger , female , racially diverse He says crossing a state line can turn someone from a parent to a stranger to their child Gates : The Supreme Court should give same-sex couples opportunities others have
CNN  -- A former hospital worker systematically shot and killed four people in upstate New York on Saturday , authorities in two counties said . Former hospital worker Frank Garcia , 34 , has been accused in the shooting rampage . Frank Garcia , 34 , was arrested Saturday afternoon . Garcia knew all four victims , police said , but they did n't reveal details about the relationships . "  The individuals who were shot were known to the suspect . It was not necessarily a random act , " Monroe County Sheriff Patrick O'Flynn said . The first two victims -- Mary Sillman , 23 , and Randall Norman , 41 -- were fatally shot before 5 a.m. at Lakeside Memorial Hospital in Brockport , where Garcia was once employed , O'Flynn said . Another woman was wounded and is undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital , he said . The second shooting happened at a house in nearby Ontario County on Saturday afternoon . Christopher Glatz , 45 , and his wife , Kim , 38 , were killed "  execution-style " while their two teenagers were in the suburban Rochester home , Ontario County Sheriff Philip Povero said . The teens were not wounded , but it is unclear whether they witnessed the event . Povero said neighbors reported Garcia went door-to-door looking for the Glatzes ' home . "  He was in fact looking for the residence , " Povero said . "  He was saying different things to different people , but he was clearly looking for that home . " Ballistic evidence has connected the two crime scenes , Povero said . Investigators found the matching brass cartridges from a pistol found on Garcia when he was arrested , he said . Garcia was arrested at a restaurant Saturday afternoon , CNN affiliate R-News in Rochester reported . Garcia was to be arraigned Saturday night in Monroe County , where the first shootings occurred , on two counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted murder in the second degree , O'Flynn said . Sillman was a certified nursing assistant at Lakeside 's long-term care center , hospital officials said . "  During Mary 's brief time within the system , those who worked closest with Mary described her as warm , kind and compassionate toward the residents of Lakeside Beikirch Care Center , " Lakeside interim CEO Michael Stapleton said in a statement . Garcia likely will face similar charges in Ontario County , Povero said . "  This certainly speaks to a tragedy that is enormous , not only the taking of the lives that were taken , but the people that were left behind , the person in Brockport and the two teenage children who were present when their mother was systematically murdered , " Povero said .	Suspect went door-to-door in search of victims ' residence , authorities say Christopher Glatz , 45 , and wife Kim , 38 , were shot "  execution-style " in home The couple 's teenage children at suburban Rochester home but were not injured Mary Sillman , 23 , and Randall Norman , 41 , shot at a hospital earlier Saturday
Seventeen western Georgia students were transported to area hospitals Thursday morning after their school bus crashed with a pickup truck , a school official said . The driver of the pickup truck was seriously injured and was airlifted from Haralson County to Grady Memorial Hospital -- about 50 miles east , in Atlanta -- according to the Georgia State Patrol . The accident happened around 7:20 a.m. on State Highway 120 , said Kersha Cartwright , public relations coordinator for the Haralson County School System . None of the students , who were from elementary to high school age , suffered serious injuries , Cartwright said . Video from CNN affiliate WSB showed the bus hooked up to a tow truck on the tree-lined , two-lane highway . School bus flips over after accident in New York City School bus goes off bridge	The bus got into an accident with a pick-up truck early Thursday Spokeswoman : 17 students were transported to a hospital with injuries that were n't serious The truck 's driver did have serious injuries and was airlifted to an Atlanta hospital
CNN  -- The larger-than-life story of baseball great Jackie Robinson will open on the big screen this month along with the beginning of the new baseball season . "  42 " is slated to open on April 12 , just three days before the 66th anniversary of Robinson 's debut game that broke baseball 's color barrier . The film follows Robinson , the first African-American to play Major League Baseball , as he plays for the Brooklyn Dodgers , and highlights the bond that formed between Robinson and Dodgers general manager and president , Branch Rickey . Rickey is played by Harrison Ford , who was not originally on the shortlist for the part . "  The filmmakers did n't send  the script  to me , I just happened upon it , " Ford recently told CNN . "  I came through backdoor channels and I read it and I thought this is a great opportunity to play this character if anybody 's interested in seeing me about it . " Except no one was . "  They would not have known about my ambition to play this kind of character in a faithful way ... to approach it as a character actor and be willing and ready to let loose of my former career as a leading man . " After some persuasion , Ford landed the role of Rickey -- although , true to his intent to get lost in the character , you might not even recognize him in the part . When it came to casting Robinson , writer/director Brian Helgeland , who has previously written screenplays for "  Man on Fire " and "  A Knight 's Tale , " knew upon meeting Chadwick Boseman that he wanted him to fill the uniform . The actor , who 's previously appeared on TV in shows like "  Lincoln Heights " and "  Persons Unknown , " was directing an off-Broadway play at the time of his audition , but just so happened to be in Los Angeles when his agent called about "  42 . " But though Helgeland knew right away , "  I definitely did n't know right away , " Boseman told CNN . After reading for Helgeland the first time , "  I came in the next week and read for him again , and realized that he already made his decision and he was trying to prove it to somebody else . I did a baseball tryout , and the rest is history . " Helgeland "  said I was the person who showed the most courage , and that 's why I got it , " Boseman said . Boseman played some Little League baseball as a kid and describes himself as an athlete . "  So it was n't like I could n't walk and chew gum at the same time , " he joked . But he obviously needed practice in order to emulate one of the best in the history of baseball . "  We did spring training from the middle of January to May , " he said . "  We prepared as if we were going to play a game . " In order to see how he was shaping up in his attempt to accurately bring Robinson 's skills to life , Boseman would watch a split-screen of his own practices next to some of Robinson 's Hall of Fame footage -- so he could see "  how bad I was " compared to Robinson . Like Boseman , Ford logged hours extensively researching his character , working to understand the ins and outs of the sport , though he 's not a huge sports fan generally . "  I researched the character and the history , and I know the history . I know the circumstances that took place and the character of our nation at the time , but I did n't know much about the man : Branch Rickey , " Ford said . "  There was a lot of research material and I took advantage of all of it , and studied it . " As for the reason we have n't seen more Jackie Robinson biopics flood cineplexes , Ford muses that it might be because Robinson 's wife , Rachel , has been careful with her husband 's legacy . "  Until Brian Helgeland produced the script , I do n't think she 'd been satisfied with the telling of the story , " Ford said . "  And not so much because it glorifies her husband , but because it embraces the fulsome understanding of the circumstances , and so she 's responsible for allowing us to tell the story . "	"  42 " chronicles Jackie Robinson 's groundbreaking career It also highlights his bond with Brooklyn Dodgers general manager Branch Rickey Harrison Ford had to persuade the creative team to let him play Rickey Casting selected Chadwick Boseman to play the baseball great
CNN  -- In a world where people power appears to be gaining momentum , you could be forgiven for thinking this month 's meeting of the rich and powerful in the Swiss ski resort of Davos is an anachronism . The World Economic Forum -- an informal meeting of executives , presidents , thinkers and stars -- once brokered history-changing encounters . Now critics say it is struggling for relevance at a time when the future is being shaped in the streets of Cairo or protest camps of Wall Street . This appears to be borne out by events of the past 12 months . Despite hosting intense meetings about Greece 's debt crisis and hastily-convened talks about the evolving political situation in Egypt , the Forum 's 2011 enclave seems to have little to show for itself . Davos 's image problem is easy to quantify : It offers a haven for the capitalist world 's elite at a time when social media has galvanized popular movements calling for greater democracy and a major rethink of the financial systems behind the global financial crisis . "  It is a very undemocratic meeting , " said David Roth , president of JungsozialistInnen Schweiz  Swiss Young Socialists  , who is helping to organize an "  Occupy Davos " igloo camp in the icy streets beyond the Forum 's heavily-guarded perimeter . "  It is a meeting for those who have created the crisis and they always have the same claims that , after being one of the reasons for the crisis , they think they are the solution to the crisis . We never get out of this because the same non-democratic people are making the decisions . " Those involved in the World Economic Forum are clearly not unaware of such viewpoints . This year 's event is titled : "  The great transformation : shaping new models , " and features debates on the future of capitalism , democracy , the eurozone and the Arab world . "  This is not one of the easiest environments for Davos , there is so much economic uncertainty , so much resentment towards bankers and business leaders generally , " said Mark Malloch-Brown , a former U.N. deputy secretary general and adviser to Forum financial talks . But he and others insist that the five-day meeting can still play an important role in a turbulent world by offering lines of communication that bypass formal diplomacy to unite radically different perspectives . "  It is exactly these kinds of moments , where the official channels have clogged up in terms of finding solutions to the crisis both within Europe but more broadly at the global level , where Davos comes into its own , " he added . Nevertheless , he warns , the chances of this year 's Davos delegates mapping a route out of the problems such as the debt crisis threatening to tear apart the eurozone , are as slim as in 2011 when , he says , little in the way of concrete economic policy was formulated . "  To be honest this year I do n't see any great international initiatives , " he said . "  This is a very frightened , nervous and reactive global environment , so this is one of those years where Davos is much more about mood-taking ; trying to find how intense or not the level of anxiety is in this strange environment , where so many of the formal business signals are going the wrong way . " Marco Magnani , a researcher in political economics at Harvard University appointed as a Forum young global leader , argues that in spite of its elitist nature , Davos offers diverse face-to-face encounters in an age when people are often sequestered behind computer screens . "  I do n't think in those five days the world 's problems get solved , but if people have good use of that time and opportunity they can prepare the ground to then have better communication with other folks and open communication channels , " he said . "  To have a place where you can pretty much meet everyone in person and have a conversation -- that 's very meaningful . " Ben Verwaayen , CEO of French telecoms giant Alcatel-Lucent and a Forum board member , also argues that although Davos "  is not a negotiation , " it represents a fruitful cross-cultural trade of ideas rarely seen in the closeted worlds of politics , business or academia . Says Verwaayen , the failure of numerous crisis meetings held over the past 24 months by economists and European leaders to create a solution to the eurozone problem underscores the need for the alternative dialogues hosted by Davos . "  I would say it 's more relevant than ever , " he said .	Critics say the World Economic Forum meeting in Davos is struggling for relevance in the era of people power Forum regular Mark Malloch-Brown says many now resent business leaders who attend But board member Ben Verwaayen says Davos dialogue is relevant part of effort to solve global problems
Argentinian lawmakers passed a new measure Wednesday lowering the nation 's voting age to 16 . Representatives in the South American country 's lower house overwhelmingly voted in favor of the law Wednesday . A majority of senators approved it last week . The move to lower the voting age from 18 to 16 comes a year before a key mid-term election in Argentina , and some critics have said it 's an attempt by President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and her party to garner more votes . Read more : Argentinian president 's cancer surgery called a success But supporters of the measure say it will give young people more opportunities to participate in politics . "  I think it 's important that the law reflects reality , " said Rep. Hector Recalde of the Victory Front party . "  Reality indicates that the participation of young people is increasing in our country . It 's good that it 's this way . " Rep. Eduardo Amadeo of the Peronist Front party offered a more cynical take on the nation 's youth . "  If you ask me what is the worst social problem in Argentina , it is the youth . Education is worse . The consumption of drugs is worse . Employment is worse . Things like teen pregnancy , they are much worse than they were at the beginning of this government , and now the government has discovered them and they say , we are going to vote , " he said . Nahuel Armando , a student in Buenos Aires , said lowering the voting age would be a positive move . Read more : Argentine law lets people identify own gender "  I think that any person who thinks he 's capable and who has criteria to vote should do it . I think there are a lot of people in the last few years who have gotten interested , " he said . But Santiago Tricario , another student , said he was worried political campaigns would interfere with education . "  We are worrying about studies , and once we leave here , we can worry about other things . Read about politics or something else , work , " he said . "  That 's why I think personally that it would be better if it were left to people who are over 18 to vote . " With the measure 's passage , nearly 1.5 million Argentinians between 16 and 18 years old will be added to voting rolls . The new rules will apply in next year 's mid-term elections , when half of the seats in the nation 's house , or Chamber of Deputies , and a third of the seats in the Senate will be at stake .	Critics say President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is trying to get more votes Supporters say the measure gives young people more chances to participate in politics Lawmaker : "  Reality indicates that the participation of young people is increasing " Students are split over the proposed measure
CNN  -- Making the jump from model to designer seemed like a natural choice for Hiwot Gashaw . Growing up in Ethiopia 's capital Addis Ababa , the young entrepreneur always had a passion for fashion , drawing clothes from an early age . Thus , it was no big surprise when in 2012 , having already worked as a professional fashion model and after graduating from a top design school , Gashaw took to making her own clothes with the launch of her label , Abugida Fashion . Fusing traditional Ethiopian designs with contemporary Western style , Abugida produces and sells a collection of clothes ranging from women 's dresses and scarves to men 's designer jackets and children 's clothing . " ` Abugida ' means learning something new , " says Gashaw , who started her brand at the age of 22 , "  and with fashion I learn something new every day . " Ethiopian garments are often created from woolen materials and they 're usually traditionally hand stitched . Gashaw , who is involved in the entire process , from designing the outfits to adding the final embroidery details , has continued to use this trend in her intricate creations . "  What makes my clothes unique is -LSB- that -RSB- you can wear them anytime , " says Gashaw . "  Also , I design and sew them myself , giving them a personal touch . " Read this : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your step Based on the outskirts of Addis Ababa , the company has six full-time workers -- former street girls and elderly beggars , who have all been trained by Gashaw herself . "  I work with these women who used to be in the streets , " says the young designer . "  But now I trained them , they work with me and they are able to support themselves . " Gashaw cites expensive machinery and tracing raw materials as the main challenges for her startup but says that she will continue using fashion to change the lives of women in her community . Ambitious and determined , the talented designer has high hopes for her brand . "  I want Abugida Fashion to become a brand like Gucci and to be known all over the world , " she says . Click through the gallery above to see some of Gashaw 's creations and check out the video below to find out more about Abugida Fashion . Read this : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your step Read this : Fashion brand creates buzz with Africa-inspired designs	Ethiopian designer Hiwot Gashaw is the owner of Abugida Fashion The label fuses Ethiopian heritage and western culture Gashaw uses fashion to change the lives of women in her community
Paris  CNN  -- Yasser Arafat 's widow on Tuesday questioned the findings of French scientists that the Palestinian leader did not die from radioactive polonium poisoning but rather from natural causes . The conclusion , leaked to multiple French media agencies and Reuters , contradicts the findings of Swiss forensic scientists who concluded last month that samples taken from Arafat 's exhumed body were consistent with polonium-210 exposure but did not definitely prove that he was poisoned . "  I 'm convinced there is something wrong , and he did not die from a natural death , " Suha Arafat said at a news conference in Paris . She said she is requesting that the Swiss findings be made available to French authorities investigating her husband 's death . She said the medical experts in Switzerland and France came from different medical fields . "  I do n't doubt them . But they are different skills . They are different types of medicines , " she said . The French findings will do little to quell the rumors that Arafat was poisoned . Arafat died at age 75 at a Paris military hospital in November 2004 after he had a brain hemorrhage and slipped into a coma . Palestinian officials said in the days before his death that Arafat had a blood disorder -- though they ruled out leukemia -- and that he had digestive problems . Rumors of poisoning circulated at the time , but Palestinian officials denied them . Two weeks after Arafat 's death , his nephew said medical records showed no cause of death . Nasser al-Kidwa , who was the Palestinian observer to the United Nations , said toxicology tests showed "  no known poison , " though he refused to exclude the possibility that poison caused his uncle 's death . Polonium-210 made headlines in 2006 , when it was used to kill Alexander Litvinenko , a former KGB agent who came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . In a deathbed statement from a London hospital , Litvinenko blamed Russia 's President Vladimir Putin , an accusation the Kremlin strongly denied . Palestinians who view Arafat as a symbol of resistance are also quite emotional about the suspicion he was poisoned . Arafat first led the Palestine Liberation Organization , which carried out attacks against Israeli targets , and then served as the leader of the quasi-governmental Palestinian Authority after parts of the West Bank and Gaza were returned to Palestinian control . He was considered one of the pioneers of what became known as "  television terrorism , " high-profile attacks that targeted Israelis and made for big television stories . Arafat won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994 , along with Israeli leaders Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres , for their work on the Oslo accords in 1993 . The Oslo agreement was perceived at the time as a breakthrough that could lead to an independent Palestinian state and a permanent peace with Israel . But in 2000 , Arafat rejected an Israeli peace deal based on the Oslo deal . That led to a Palestinian uprising that lasted more than four years . Israel -- in retaliation for increased terror attacks on Israelis -- severely restricted Arafat 's movements , confining him to his West Bank compound in Ramallah in December 2001 . Sandrine Amiel reported from Paris , and Chelsea J. Carter wrote and reported from Atlanta .	"  He did not die from a natural death , " Suha Arafat said Tuesday She says the findings by French scientists contract those of Swiss scientists The French findings conclude Yasser Arafat was not poisoned with polonium-210 Last month , Swiss scientists said there was evidence of polonium in samples
Rolling Stone  -- Just hours before the opening ceremony of his new Rock & Brews chain , Gene Simmons caused a minor stir on Twitter during a "  Fox and Friends " interview in which he endorsed Mitt Romney for president , claiming that "  America is a business and should be run by a businessman . " Such a blatantly capitalist statement is n't surprising from Simmons -- as he told Rolling Stone minutes before he 'd make his red carpet entrance with his family in tow , "  I 'm not outspoken , I just say things that make people say , ` yeah , you 're right . ' I hate Nazis like you do and I hate bulls *** . " In fact , the El Segundo branch of Rock & Brews felt as much like a subtly protracted dry run for a potential Simmons 2016 candidacy as it was a restaurant opening . In part of the introductory presentation , he exclaimed "  El Segundo may mean ` the second city ' in Spanish , but today it 's the first city ! " Admittedly , the restaurant 's ambitions to connect with the city are very real if bluntly wielded -- earlier in the day , Rock & Brews had a luncheon to benefit the Wounded Warrior program , and during the presentation , two dismembered soldiers with Purple Hearts were presented with a $ 25,000 check . Prior to the presentation , Simmons led the crowd in the Pledge of Allegiance . "  If you know it , say it with me . If you do n't , shame on you , " he intoned as American flags waved on television monitors . In line with Rock & Brews ' concurrent opening at the Delta Terminal in nearby LAX , it 's essentially and proudly an up-the-middle sports bar with pictures of The Who on the walls ; despite being a collaboration between a rock legend and a couple of big-shot entrepreneurs , it does n't clash with the sleepy , suburban surroundings . As the introductory three-minute video came to a close , Bob Seger 's "  Main Street " played , a likely allusion to the fact that Rock & Brews is actually located on Main Street in downtown El Segundo . So what the hell are we doing in El Segundo anyway ? Not surprisingly , he 's got words for his doubters : "  They 're unqualified to snicker or do much else . They 've never done anything . What are their qualifications ? What I 'm doing here proves to every small town in America that they are every bit as cool as LA and New York . El Segundo , great place to live . Small town America is what it 's all about and that 's where KISS got big . " Let it be known that he did insist we try the food  "  there 's no other way to describe it except that it rocks "  and stressed the family-friendliness of Rock & Brews -- "  You wan na bring your dog , your kids ? Great ! They can have a root beer float and you can choose from 100 craft beers . The brews are local from El Segundo and Van Nuys . We create jobs . This is anti-cool . Cool can go f *** itself . " Simmons connected the populism of his restaurant with everything from disco 's inclusion in the Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame  "  What an insult to the memory of Little Richard and Chuck Berry to have disco artists who do n't write their own songs and play their own instruments . It 's a sham to have Grandmaster Flash and Disco Bob and MC Criminal in there "  to Kurt Cobain 's suicide  "  I say this respectfully to him -- ` f *** off ' "  to , well , pretty much any music made after 1990 other than Katy Perry  "  I love her voice "  and Madonna  "  a true rock star "  . Rock & Brews itself resembles a less-tacky Hard Rock CafÃ © , and if we were to call the menu fare "  unpretentious , " Simmons would likely be insulted that we used a four-syllable word . Though the 100 beers on tap appeared to be more of a draw than the food , servers milled about with soft pretzels , pizza , pulled pork , meatballs and fried calamari . Philosophically , this is food Simmons considers to be timeless the way "  jeans , your leather jacket , your T-shirt " are . Rock & Brews boasts absolutely no pretense whatsoever that this is anything other than brand extension for Gene Simmons . Simmons does n't fancy himself to be a restauranteur and certainly not a connoisseur . Rock & Brews is unabashedly American and run like a business by a businessman -- "  we 'll have 50 in under 2 years and my goal is 500 is 5 years , " Simmons said . "  Ask Starbucks -- if it 's good , we 'll have two or three on every corner . And my track record 's pretty goddamn good . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Gene Simmons opened a chain of Rock & Brews in El Segundo The restaurant 's ambitions to connect with the city are very real Rock & Brews itself resembles a less-tacky Hard Rock CafÃ ©
If you and your significant other share political views , it could be because you like each other 's smell . Results from a new study released Monday by the American Journal of Political Science show that body odor may play an initial role in the matching of individuals with similar attitudes on political ideology . In the study , 125 participants rated the attractiveness of smells from strong liberals and strong conservatives , but the participants could n't see the individuals and did n't know anything about their political views . "  People could not predict the political ideology of others by smell if you asked them , but they differentially found the smell of those who aligned with them more attractive , " said Dr. Rose McDermott , lead author of the study . "  So I believe smell conveys important information about long-term affinity in political ideology that becomes incorporated into a key component of subconscious attraction . " What does smell have to do with politics ? According to the study , smell helps individuals choose mates because the sense can signal possible social and biological behaviors , such as disease avoidance , disgust sensitivity , cheater detection and social cohesion . "  For example , greater disgust sensitivity , which is intimately interconnected with the neural substrates of smell , predicts more conservative positions , particularly around issues involving morality and sexual reproduction , " the article notes . Those who were doing the smelling took whiffs of small gauze pads that had been worn under the arms of 21 individuals for 24 hours .	A new study shows that body odor could play a role in matching political ideologies It finds that a person 's scent could send signals about their political views The study was published in the American Journal of Political Science
CNN  -- Edward Snowden 's leaks of classified intelligence already have him being compared to Daniel Ellsworth of the Pentagon Papers and Bradley Manning of the WikiLeaks fame . Snowden felt compelled to leak valuable documents about the NSA 's surveillance programs . The 29-year-old was willing to give up his $ 200,000 job , girlfriend , home in Hawaii and his family . He boldly pronounced , "  I 'm willing to sacrifice all of that because I ca n't in good conscience allow the U.S. government to destroy privacy , Internet freedom and basic liberties for people around the world with this massive surveillance machine they 're secretly building . " The uproar over the recent revelations about government surveillance programs has raised eyebrows and concerns across the political spectrum . Many on the left have been surprised that most of the same policies  now even the surveillance of U.S. citizens and phone companies  that President George W. Bush initiated , are being used , and expanded upon , by the Obama administration . Many on the right say it is government overreach and that Congress should have been briefed on the broad programs . Although the cause for alarm in political or policy circles might have merit , the exercise of these authorities by the executive branch does , in fact , appear to be legal . Once again , the war on al Qaeda is pitting national security against America 's longstanding commitment to the promotion of civil liberties and human rights . Opinion : Edward Snowden is a hero The current threat by al Qaeda and jihadists is one that requires aggressive intelligence collection and efforts . One has to look no further than the disruption of the New York City subway bombers  the one being touted by DNI Clapper  or the Boston Marathon bombers to know that the war on al Qaeda is coming home to us , to our citizens , to our students , to our streets and our subways . This 21st century war is different and requires new ways and methods of gathering information . As technology has increased , so has our ability to gather valuable , often actionable , intelligence . However , the move toward "  home-grown " terror will necessarily require , by accident or purposefully , collections of U.S. citizens ' conversations with potential overseas persons of interest . An open society , such as the United States , ironically needs to use this technology to protect itself . This truth is naturally uncomfortable for a country with a Constitution that prevents the federal government from conducting "  unreasonable searches and seizures . " American historical resistance towards such activities is a bedrock of our laws , policies and police procedures . But what might have been reasonable 10 years ago is not the same any longer . The constant armed struggle against the jihadists has adjusted our beliefs on what we think our government can , and must , do in order to protect its citizens . However , when we hear of programs such PRISM , or the Department of Justice getting phone records of scores of citizens without any signs of suspicious activities nor indications of probable cause that they might be involved in terrorist related activities , the American demand for privacy naturally emerges to challenge such "  trolling " measures or data-mining . The executive branch , although particularly powerful in this arena , must ensure the Congress is kept abreast of activities such as these surveillance programs . The need for enhanced intelligence activities is a necessary part of the war on al Qaeda , but abuse can occur without ensuring the legislative branch has awareness of aggressive tactics such as these . Our Founding Fathers , aware of the need to have an energetic , vibrant executive branch in foreign affairs , still anticipated checks upon the presidency by the legislature . Working together , the two branches can ensure that both legally , and by policy , this is what the citizens desire of their government -- and that leaks such as Snowden 's wo n't have the impact and damage that his leaks are likely to cause . As for Snowden , regardless of how any of us feel about the national security surveillance programs at issue , he must be extradited back to the U.S. for interviews and potential trial -- if for no other reason than to deter others from feeling emboldened to break the law in the same way in the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Glenn Sulmasy .	Edward Snowden leaked classified intelligence about government surveillance Glenn Sulmasy : Enhanced intelligence activities are necessary in the war on terror Abuse can occur if Congress is not aware of tactics like data-mining , he says Sulmasy : Snowden should be extradited back to the U.S. for interviews and potential trial
Health.com  -- When Megan Kenny was five years old , she began to exhibit a strange and troubling symptom : Every time she stood up for more than two minutes , she collapsed . The episodes were particularly bad after Megan had been sitting or lying down for prolonged stretches , such as when she woke up in the morning or walked between classes at school . "  Church was always a disaster , " recalls Mary Kenny , Megan 's mother . After sitting or kneeling for a time , Megan would stand up with the congregation and invariably fall down . As Megan got older , other worrisome signs emerged . Her eyelids began to droop . She continued to wet the bed and suffered from constant bladder infections . And , about once a week , she experienced extreme hypoglycemic episodes -- a sudden drop in blood sugar levels -- that left her shaking and unable to function for the rest of the day . The Kennys visited a parade of doctors and specialists who considered , and ultimately ruled out , a grab bag of diagnoses : epilepsy , diabetes , cancer , liver failure , kidney failure . One time , after testing Megan for epilepsy , a neurologist observed that she appeared to have a severe form of orthostatic hypotension , a not-unusual condition in which a person 's blood pressure drops suddenly upon standing or sitting up , causing the sensation known as a head rush . Health.com : Surgery saves girl 's face from rare disorder The doctor was only half right . Megan did have orthostatic hypotension , but the underlying cause was a far more exotic condition that would n't be diagnosed until she was an adult . In the meantime , she had to cope with having blood pressure that could dive from a relatively normal 110/70 when she was lying down to 50/30 upon standing . "  I 've seen dead people with higher blood pressure , " one nurse told her . A family affair It was clear from the first minute of her life that Megan was n't in good health . She was a small baby , barely five pounds , in a family that had a history of strapping , nine-pound newborns , and she immediately required oxygen for respiratory distress . "  She was literally blue , " Mary remembers . Later , as an infant , Megan 's sucking reflux was so poor that her mother was n't able to nurse her . Orthopedists said her motor coordination was below average and referred her for physical therapy . When Megan was eight years old , her brother , Brendan , was born . As he grew up , he too would develop symptoms similar to hers , suggesting the mysterious condition had a genetic component . Megan 's parents continued visiting doctors , seeking explanations for what ailed the two siblings . While some people get the occasional head rush or dizzy spell , Megan and Brendan experienced the sensation almost constantly . "  Mostly it was a feeling as if you 're going to black out , like walking through life with permanent black spots , " Megan says . Megan learned how to compensate for the strange spells . At school , if she had to climb a flight of stairs to get to a class , she 'd sit on the landing to regain her composure or lean over and pretend to tie her shoes . She even played softball throughout high school , although she needed a teammate to run the bases for her . Health.com : Doctors induce 5-month coma to save woman 's life Megan and her brother lived like this for years . Finally , after Megan had graduated from college and was living on her own in San Francisco , a psychiatrist at the University of Connecticut began to unravel the mystery . After hearing a description of the Kenny children , the psychiatrist said some of their symptoms resembled those of a rare disorder he was researching : dopamine beta hydroxylase deficiency  DBHD  . As the name suggests , people with DBHD lack dopamine beta hydroxylase , an enzyme needed to convert the neurotransmitter dopamine into norepinephrine and epinephrine  also known as adrenaline  , hormones that are critical to maintaining normal blood pressure . The psychiatrist suggested the Kennys fly Brendan , who was still in high school and living at the family home in Connecticut , to see a specialist at Vanderbilt University , in Nashville , Tenn. . "  It was like winning the lottery , " Megan says . An ` extraordinarily rare ' condition David Robertson , M.D. , a neurologist at Vanderbilt 's Institute for Clinical and Translational Research , is the country 's leading DBHD expert . In 1986 , he was the first person to identify the disorder , in a 33-year-old woman who had n't opened her eyes for the first five days of her life -- a common feature of DBHD . After performing blood work and numerous other tests on the woman , Robertson and his colleagues recognized that her abnormally low norepinephrine levels were caused by a genetic defect in dopamine beta hydroxylase . It was thought that no one could survive for long without norepinephrine , but that woman lived to be 62 . If people with DBHD are in a situation where they 're unable to sit or fall down safely , the resulting loss of blood flow to the brain can be fatal , but most people with the condition learn how to compensate and can live a relatively long life , Robertson says . Health.com : 10 states where rare and exotic diseases lurk Robertson confirmed the suspicions of the UConn psychiatrist and diagnosed 15-year-old Brendan with DBHD . The diagnosis put Brendan in very exclusive company . "  DBHD is extraordinarily rare , " says Robertson , who is also the principal investigator of the Autonomic Rare Disease Consortium at the National Institutes of Health . It is so rare , in fact , that the 10 patients Robertson personally has seen represent the lion 's share of the documented cases worldwide . Another eight patients have been identified in Europe and Australia , though Robertson says there could be thousands more still undiagnosed . A night and day treatment In the late 1980s , Robertson began to formulate a drug to treat the norepinephrine deficiency associated with DBHD , but he soon learned that such a drug was already being marketed in Japan . Droxidopa , also known as L-DOPS , was being used in that country for Parkinson 's disease , a movement disorder characterized by dopamine deficiency . Roberston 's first patient responded immediately to droxidopa . "  The drug allowed us to replace the norepinephrine not only in the blood , but even in the nerve cells of the body , " Robertson says . Health.com : Prescription drugs that lead double lives Brendan , too , responded to droxidopa within days . Two years later , he ran a victory lap of sorts across the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco , while his sister watched . Megan had visited Vanderbilt soon after Brendan . Not surprisingly , Robertson diagnosed her with DBHD , but due to a protocol change in the clinical trial he was leading , Megan had to wait three years before she could take droxidopa herself . When she finally did the results were just as dramatic . "  I felt different immediately , " Megan says . "  This feeling of strength -- being able to walk up a hill in San Francisco at the same pace as my friends , or actually -LSB- being -RSB- able to do it without sitting down -- was incredible . " Megan herself took a sprint across the Golden Gate Bridge as part of her training for the New Orleans Marathon . She finished that race in a little over six hours in the winter of 2005 . In 2010 , she completed an Olympic-length triathlon : a 1,500-meter swim , 40-kilometer bike ride , and 10K run . "  For me it was like checking this off the list , " Megan says . "  I was so grateful for my new physicality . " Megan takes 300 milligrams of droxidopa three times a day , and even now , a decade after her diagnosis , feels lightheaded if she misses a dose . She no longer runs marathons but climbs San Francisco 's steep hills with ease . "  It 's such a small thing in the grand scheme of things , being able to walk a block up the hill , " she says . "  People take it for granted . I was like , ` This is incredible . ' " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Megan Kenny and her brother would collapse after standing for two minutes The siblings were diagnosed with dopamine beta hydroxylase deficiency  DBHD After receiving proper treatment , Megan ran marathons , completed triathlons
CNN  -- A top defector from the Syrian military said Saturday that armed rebel groups have aligned under the leadership of the Free Syrian Army . Uniting all efforts will bolster the anti-regime movement and safeguard the nation , Brig. Gen. Mustafa Sheikh said in a video posted on YouTube . The move addressed a key concern for observers of the Syrian crisis both inside and outside the country -- that armed rebel groups were disjointed and divided . Sheikh was one of the first high-ranking officers to announce his defection from President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . He was accompanied in the video by Free Syrian Army commander Col. Riad al-Asaad . "  In these critical and difficult times that our beloved country is going through , all the honorable men and women in this nation are required to work on uniting all efforts to overthrow this corrupt regime , " Sheikh said . "  The soldiers and officers of the Free Syrian Army pledged their allegiance to protect the people and the nation . " Not long after the video was posted , fresh attacks by the regime killed at least 54 people across the country , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Of the dead , 25 were in the war-torn city of Homs , rife with anti-government sentiment . Syria 's state-run news agency said funeral processions were held for 18 members of the military and police . It blamed their deaths on armed terrorist groups . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government severely restricts access by international journalists . The United Nations estimates the Syrian conflict has killed more than 8,000 people ; opposition activists put the toll at more than 10,000 . In the YouTube video , Sheikh outlined rebel decisions . "  First , we decided to unite all the military councils and battalions and all the armed battalions inside the country under one unified leadership of the Free Syrian Army and to follow the orders of the commander of the FSA , Col. Riad al-Asaad , " Sheikh said . Second , with the FSA serving and protecting Syrians , "  any movement to carry out a military operation or do anything outside the framework of the FSA "  will be held responsible for any act they carry out , " Sheikh warned . Third , the rebels called for soldiers and officers in the Syrian armed forces "  who do n't have blood on their hands " to defect and join the ranks of the FSA . Sheikh 's appearance with al-Asaad also mended rifts between the two main defectors ' groups , the Free Syrian Army and the Higher Military Council . In February , a spokesman for the Higher Military Council announced Sheikh was the leader of the group , which claimed to lead armed defectors within Syria . But al-Asaad , who was leading the FSA from the Turkish border with Syria , quickly rejected the claim . "  This man represents himself , " al-Asaad said of Sheikh last month . "  He has nothing to do with the Free Syrian Army . ... Those people are representing themselves and do not represent the revolution and the Free Syrian Army . They do n't represent anybody . " "  The division is over . All the parties involved in the revolution carried out all the efforts to form one united front to better represent and defend the Syrian people , " Free Syrian Army Lt. Riad Ahmed said . "  In the past , there were some minor technical disagreements , but this is all behind us from now on , " he said . Al-Asaad will lead all field operations of the FSA , while Sheikh will remain head of the Higher Military Council and will represent the FSA in trying to get weapons and international support , Ahmed said . Some world leaders have been hesitant to send arms to the rebels , saying the opposition movement is fractured and that a political solution is still possible . The unification also allows rebels to unilaterally deny attacks carried out by other groups . The Syrian government routinely blames the vaguely defined "  armed terrorist groups " for violence in the country , while most reports from inside Syria indicate the government is slaughtering civilians in an attempt to wipe out dissidents . Meanwhile , Kofi Annan , the U.N.-Arab League special envoy to Syria , arrived in Moscow on Saturday in an effort to seek Russian help in securing a cease-fire . Annan will also visit Beijing this weekend , his spokesman said . Russia and China have blocked Security Council attempts to pass resolutions condemning the al-Assad regime . The two countries say they want the violence to stop but argue that previous resolutions were not evenhanded . Russia and China have major trade deals with Syria , and again Friday they refused to condemn al-Assad 's regime formally by voting against a U.N. Human Rights Council resolution condemning "  appalling human rights violations in Syria . " The resolution passed 41-3 , with Cuba casting the other negative vote . The Russian Foreign Ministry called the resolution a "  unilateral assessment " of the crisis -- blaming solely the regime for the violence . Human Rights Watch , however , lashed out at the Russian ministry 's use of an open letter published by the global monitoring group that described atrocities committed by armed groups affiliated with the Syrian opposition . The organization said it had learned that Russian diplomats used the open letter in informal U.N. Security Council discussions March 22 in an attempt to equate the violence by both sides . "  Russia 's attention to concerns expressed in the letter to the Syrian opposition is a positive development , " Human Rights Watch said . "  The selective use of the findings , however , causes serious concern . " It said Russia had ignored detailed documentation of widespread and systematic abuses by the al-Assad regime , including killings of peaceful protesters , shelling of residential neighborhoods , large-scale arbitrary detention and torture , executions , denial of medical assistance , looting , and "  disappearances . " "  None of these findings have been ever acknowledged by Russian officials , " the group said . The U.N. Security Council this week urged immediate implementation of Annan 's proposed peace plan . The 15-member body , including China and Russia , expressed full support for Annan 's efforts . CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Arwa Damon , Ivan Watson and journalist Omar al Muqdad contributed to this report .	At least 54 people are killed Saturday , activists say "  The division is over , " a rebel leader says as rival army defectors unite The unification helps dispel notions of a disjointed rebel movement Special envoy Kofi Annan will discuss the crisis with Russia and China
BIRMINGHAM , England -- Ethiopia 's Kenenisa Bekele broke the two-mile world record at an international indoor meeting in Birmingham on Saturday . Bekele shaved 0.34 seconds off the record held by Gebrselassie . The reigning Olympic 10,000 meters champion , on the same track where compatriot Haile Gebrselassie achieved the previous fastest time , shaved 0.34 seconds off his fellow Ethiopian 's mark with a time of 8 minutes 04.35 seconds . The women 's 3,000 meters was won by another Ethiopian , front-running Gelete Burka , in 8:31.94 - the third-fastest time in history . Britain 's Commonwealth champion Phillips Idowu warmed-up for next month 's World Indoor Championships in Valencia by winning the triple jump with 17.21 meters . Olympic champion Yelena Isinbayeva of Russia set a world indoor record in the women 's pole vault by clearing 4 meters 95 centimeters in Donetsk . She beat her own mark of 4.93 m which she set last year at the same venue . It is the third consecutive year in which 25-year-old Isinbayeva , who has leaped 5.02 outdoors , broke the indoor mark in Donetsk . E-mail to a friend	Kenenisa Bekele breaks the world two-mile record in Birmingham He wins the event in 8 minutes 04.35 seconds . He is 0.34 seconds faster than compatriot Haile Gebrselassie 's old record
CNN  -- Everyone has that friend or family member who unwittingly still posts publicly on Facebook . It 's not that they 're over-sharers , they just have n't bothered to keep up with the social network 's ever-changing and often confusing privacy settings . Facebook highlighted some of its minor new and future privacy features on Tuesday , including one aimed squarely at the people left behind by complicated settings . A new pop-up message featuring a cartoon dinosaur will appear for Facebook users who have n't tinkered with their privacy settings in a while . When someone who always shares publicly posts a link or update , Facebook will double check that they really want to share it with that audience . The company 's privacy team is also testing other tweaks , including updating mobile and Web designs with more prominent audience controls , a new default privacy setting for cover photos  old images used to be public , now they 're private  , and a message clarifying who can see an image you post when your friends re-share it . In its 10 years , the social media company has amassed more than a billion users . That 's a lot of people to please , but one area that has received consistent cries of dissatisfaction is privacy . When Facebook updates a setting or adds a feature , there is often a privacy backlash , especially when new sharing settings make information public by default . The company 's motto , "  Move fast and break things " led to broken trust with users . To counteract that sense of wariness , Facebook is making sure future privacy considerations are n't just part of a settings screen , but also taken into account by engineers making new features and at the infrastructure level . "  We understand that some people have felt that Facebook privacy has changed too much in the past , " said Mike Nowak , a product manager on Facebook 's privacy team . Not changing settings ever again is n't an option , so Facebook is searching for new ways to improve the experience that wo n't anger or alienate users . The company has been running extensive surveys to find out what kind of privacy experiences people are having on the site and in the app . It currently runs 4,000 surveys a day in 27 languages . Squeezing useful information out of these surveys can be difficult . Facebook engineering manager Raylene Yung said people will commonly just write in the word "  privacy " when asked what they want to improve . However , enough users have managed to articulate what situations upset them . People said when they share things on Facebook they feel their info is shared with more people than they wanted . Facebook knows giving those people a sense of control is key to keep them from leaving the service . "  At the end of the day ... when people have an unpleasant surprise like this it 's bad for them and it 's bad for us , " said Nowak .	Facebook is testing minor privacy settings changes to give users more control A new privacy checkup pop-up is aimed at users who have n't adjusted their settings in a while The company has had a bumpy past with privacy and wants to earn back trust
CNN  -- A federal appeals court on Thursday narrowly struck down Michigan 's 6-year-old ban on considering race and gender in college admissions , a ruling that the state intends to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court . The U.S. 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled 8-7 that the affirmative action ban , which Michigan voters passed in a 2006 referendum , violated the U.S. Constitution 's equal protection laws . The ruling is the latest step in a years-long legal battle over whether the state 's colleges can use race and gender as a factor in choosing which students to admit . The ban 's opponents say the case could help strike down anti-affirmative-action policies in other states if it goes to the Supreme Court . Opinion : What 's wrong with affirmative action -- and why we need it "  We think this is a tremendous victory for the tens and hundreds of thousands of students who fought for affirmative action for decades , " said Michigan attorney George Washington , who represents the By Any Means Necessary coalition that sued to overturn the ban . "  This is a tremendous day for black and Latino students in the entire country , " Washington said . The ruling might take a while to go into effect , if ever . The office of Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette , who is defending the ban , says the court 's rulings take effect only when it issues a mandate , usually weeks later . But Schuette intends to inform the court that he will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court , and will ask the appeals court to stay its ruling until the high court can review the case , Schuette spokeswoman Joy Yearout said . Schuette plans to file an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court within 90 days , his office said . "  The ban  embodies the fundamental premise of what America is all about : equal opportunity under the law , " Schuette said in a news release Thursday . "  Entrance to our great universities must be based upon merit . " A three-judge panel from the same court made a similar ruling on the ban last year , 2-1 . Schuette then asked the full court to consider the case , leading to Thursday 's ruling . The ban was passed in a 2006 referendum , with 58 % voting yes . It was added to the state 's constitution , barring publicly funded colleges from granting "  preferential treatment to any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity or national origin . " 5 things to know about affirmative action That prompted a series of lawsuits and appeals from various groups . In Thursday 's ruling , Judge R. Guy Cole wrote that the ban illegally gives minorities fewer ways to persuade colleges to adopt a "  race-conscious admissions policy " than people have to influence colleges on other aspects of admissions . "  A black student seeking the adoption of a constitutionally permissible race-conscious admissions policy ... could do only one thing to effect change : She could attempt to amend the Michigan Constitution -- a lengthy , expensive and arduous process -- to repeal the consequences " of the ban , Cole wrote . On the other hand , a student could do several other things to persuade a college to alter its admissions policy to favor applicants ' alumni connections , including lobbying the admissions committee or petitioning the university 's leaders , Cole wrote . "  The existence of such a comparative structural burden undermines the Equal Protection Clause 's guarantee that all citizens ought to have equal access to the tools of political change , " Cole wrote . Michigan voters approved the ban after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2003 that while Michigan universities could use race as a factor in choosing which students to admit , they could not make race the determining factor in deciding whether applicants are accepted The referendum effort was led by Jennifer Gratz , who was at the center of the high court case . As a white student , she was put on the waiting list for undergraduate admission to the state 's largest university . She eventually attended another school , and became the lead plaintiff in a subsequent reverse discrimination lawsuit . After the Supreme Court 's 2003 decision , she began a public campaign to end racial preferences in admissions . Affirmative action : Good or harmful ? The Michigan ban also prohibits the state from considering race and gender in public hiring and public contracting decisions . But Thursday 's ruling deals only with the college admissions portion , Yearout said . Efforts over decades to create a diverse classroom have been controversial . The Brown v. Board of Education high court ruling in 1954 ended segregation of public schools , but sparked nationwide protests and disobedience by states who initially refused to integrate . In 1978 in the so-called Bakke case , the Supreme Court ruled universities have a compelling state interest in promoting diversity that allows for the use of affirmative action . That issue involved a reverse discrimination claim by a white man denied admission to law school . The issue in recent years is whether and when affirmative action programs would eventually have to be phased out as the goal of obtaining diversity is met . The Supreme Court is considering whether the University of Texas ' admissions practices aimed at creating campus diversity violate the rights of some white applicants . Washington said he hopes that the Supreme Court takes the Michigan case . He said he hopes that if it rules against the ban , it also would strike down some other states ' rules against affirmative action , such as those in California that do not allow race considerations in college admissions . Opinion : Keep affirmative action but reform it CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Michigan voters had approved ban on considering race , gender in college admissions "  Tremendous day for black and Latino students , " lawyer representing plaintiffs says Ruling wo n't go into effect immediately , Michigan attorney general 's office says Michigan attorney general , who defends the ban , to appeal to Supreme Court
CNN  -- Most of us assume that our doctors are trustworthy . They undergo a minimum of seven years of postgraduate schooling , pass rigorous tests and are responsible for our health and the health of our families . But are they as trustworthy as we think ? A Michigan oncologist was arrested recently for allegedly running a multimillion-dollar scheme to defraud Medicare . He 's accused of administering chemotherapy to patients with no real chance of survival and misdiagnosing patients in order to charge for their expensive treatments . And earlier this month an Ohio spine surgeon was indicted on charges that he persuaded patients to undergo millions of dollars worth of treatments that they did n't need . Among the things he allegedly told patients was that their heads would fall off without his operation . While these egregious stories are truly shocking and uncommon , there are unfortunately many less dramatic examples of untrustworthy doctors that do n't make big news . My field of cosmetic plastic surgery has its share of doctors who do n't necessarily place their patients ' best interests first . I encounter these patients ' subsequent problems nearly every week . One middle-aged woman was left with scarred legs resembling a burn patient 's after undergoing unnecessary laser liposuction by a cardiologist . Another was abandoned by his ENT surgeon after undergoing a lunchtime facelift and contracting a staph infection . One woman underwent a botched tummy tuck by an emergency room physician , leaving her abdomen a scarred , lumpy mess . How surgeons build new breasts So what 's a patient to do ? Here are some tips to make sure your physician , and the advice he or she gives you , are trustworthy : Research your doctor . The easiest way to do this is online . There are several doctor-rating websites where patients share their reviews and experiences with physicians . You can also check with your state 's Board of Medicine to determine whether your physician has had his or her license suspended or revoked . County courts can also provide information regarding any lawsuits your doctor may have been involved with . Keep in mind , though , that we live in a litigious society , and even the best doctors get sued , often more than once . Make sure your doctor is n't practicing outside his/her field . This is mainly a problem in plastic surgery , where doctors of all kinds are ditching their chosen specialties to masquerade as cosmetic surgeons . If you 're considering plastic surgery , make sure your surgeon is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery , or better yet , is a member of the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery . If you 're considering facial plastic surgery , then the American Board of Facial Plastic Surgery is considered an equivalent in all states . Getting back at your ex -- by getting surgery Be cautious of doctors who advertise too much . The quality of a doctor is often inversely proportional to the size of his or her ad . Young , new physicians may use ads to introduce themselves to the community , but once word of mouth kicks in , most doctors do n't need to pay for a lot of expensive advertising in order to maintain a busy practice . Ask a nurse or other hospital support staff . Hospital workers know who the good and bad doctors are in town . Ask who they go to for advice or treatment . Get a second opinion . If you 're undergoing treatment with a specialist and are n't comfortable with the doctor 's recommendations , ask your primary care physician what he or she thinks . Or get a second opinion by another specialist in the same field . While stories of unethical physicians are indeed concerning , the majority of doctors are honest , ethical people who place their patients ' best interests first . We just do n't hear about it in the media . Doctors contribute billions of dollars worth of pro bono care every year . Thousands of doctors staff inner-city and rural clinics to help the disadvantaged at a fraction of what they would earn in an upper-class neighborhood . And we do n't often recognize the doctors who get out of bed in the middle of the night to tend to a person injured in a car accident , a woman about to give birth , or an ICU patient on the brink of death . So should you trust your doctor ? Yes . After you do your research . Suffering from tattoo regret The opinions expressed above are solely those of Dr. Anthony Youn .	Michigan oncologist arrested for allegedly running multimillion-dollar Medicare fraud scheme Dr. Anthony Youn : I see cases all the time where doctors do n't put patients ' needs first Research your doctor , ask for second opinions , be cautious of doctors who advertise too much
Bhutan is mourning the loss of Wangdue Phodrang Dzong , a four-century-old architectural wonder that had dramatically stood on a ridge at the confluence of two rivers before it burned to the ground over the weekend . A gateway to eastern Bhutan , the dzong was built in 1638 by the nation 's founder , Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal , and was among several fortress-monasteries constructed to help gain control of -- and unify -- the country . "  The entire society has solidarity for the loss of one of the most important and oldest fortresses in our country , " said Home Minister Minjur Dorji , who has been on the site for the last three days , in a telephone call . King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck and the queen have been there since the fire "  trying to morally support the people , " he added . "  It 's not just a Bhutanese architectural loss but for the whole Himalayan region , " Dasho Karma Ura , president of the Thimphu-based Center for Bhutan Studies , said by telephone on Tuesday before visiting the site . "  Something could not have been built like that anywhere else , " he said . The fire started Sunday afternoon and burned through the night , consuming the dzong , which not only housed temples but served as the seat of administration for the district . Bhutan 's Moving Gold : How water is powering the country As news of the fire broke out , the king and queen rushed to the scene to oversee the firefighting effort . Most of the dzong 's sacred relics -- hundreds of them -- were saved , many of them dating back to the 6th and 7th centuries , thanks to the Bhutan armed forces , said the home minister . Some of the relics were carried out , while others were thrown in iron boxes from three - to four-story heights into the cactus below , he said , adding that some of the relics received minor but not severe damage . Although an investigation is still under way , a short circuit in the wiring is believed to have caused the fire , according to the minister , adding that the dzong was 95 % built of timber . Dzongs have had a history of fires , he explained , noting that butter lamps had been the culprit in the past . "  Today , it 's modern facilities . We have electrified nearly all the dzongs , and short-circuits could come from poor quality of wiring . That 's where we have our problems . " By Tuesday , only stones , which comprised the stairs before the dzong 's entrance , remained of the dzong , according to the Bhutan newspaper , Kuensel , which reported that numerous administrative documents were lost . Bhutan had only just submitted Wangdue Phodrang for World Heritage List consideration in March . No one was killed in the blaze , and all people have been accounted for , the home minister said , noting that Sunday had been a holiday , and that monks ' residences were constructed outside the dzong . In a message to fellow citizens published on Kuensel 's website on Tuesday , Prime Minister Jigmi Y Thinley said that Wangdue Phodrong Dzong will be rebuilt just as the Paro Taktsang , nicknamed the Tiger 's Nest , was after its own devastating fire in 1998 . The Taktsang , he wrote , "  is in fact more cherished and revered today because the fire awakened all of us to the fragility and vulnerability of this most precious heritage . " Finding happiness in mystical Bhutan With its contours built into the ridge 1,350 meters  4,430 feet  above sea level , Wangdue Phodrang is inaccessible on three sides save for a narrow path in the front , Dasho Karma of the Center for Bhutan Studies pointed out . Its hilltop location overlooking the Punatsangchu and Dangchu rivers offered a military advantage -- and the same inaccessibility that was intended to ward off enemy attacks on Sunday hampered efforts by firefighters to put the blaze out . Minjur Dorji said there was no financial estimate for the destruction of Wangdue Phodrang Dzong , which has been immortalized in art as well as in a Bhutanese ballad composed in the late 19th century . "  Dzongs are priceless , " he said . "  It is a big loss . Bhutan is a very small , tiny country . To reconstruct the same old structure at this point is going to be very difficult for our internal revenues to support . " Only Simtokha Dzong and Punakha Dzong , both completed in 1631 and also by Zhabdrung , are older . Punakha 's dzong has itself weathered numerous fires , quakes and floods over the centuries and has been rebuilt many times . This week 's fire will prompt Bhutan to shift its policy to protect its centuries-old dzongs , the home minister said . Such policies would include ensuring a high quality in the electrification of the dzongs , adequate fire-extinguishing equipment , alternatives to timber which comprise most dzong construction -- and multiple exits . "  In fortified fortresses , there is only one exit . We need to have multiple exits so that lives are not lost , " he said . To observe a national day of tragedy , the home ministry declared all offices and schools across the country closed on Monday . "  It was one of the most magnificent sites of Bhutan -- that dzong , " said Dasho Karma . "  For me it was always an uplifting experience to come to view it . It was always a great esthetic experience to sit quietly at the point where you could see that dzong . " He hoped the king would rebuild the fortress , "  which will inspire future generations ... in the same way that the founder of Bhutan did , " he added . ` Endangered historic places ' list includes Joe Frazier 's gym , Ellis Island	Prime minister says dzong , destroyed by fire on Sunday , will be rebuilt Dzong not only housed temples but served as administrative seat for district Most of the dzong 's sacred relics -- hundreds of them -- were saved , home minister says King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck and queen have been on scene since the fire
CNN  -- The presidents of the two Sudans concluded talks Sunday aimed at addressing outstanding economic , oil and security issues after tensions between the two nations nearly led to a return to war . Talks between Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir and his South Sudan counterpart Salva Kiir concluded in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , where the two agreed to temporary arrangements over a disputed oil-rich region claimed by both countries . The agreement called for the creation of temporary administrative and security arrangements for the Abyei region , including the creation of a police service and a limited governing council . Al-Bashir and Kiir agreed to reconvene another summit to discuss the final disposition of the disputed region . Sudan and South Sudan in 2013 : Rise or fall together South Sudan split from Sudan in 2011 as part of a peace deal that ended decades of war between the two sides . The war left nearly 2 million people dead . Soon after the split , tensions between the old foes escalated over outstanding issues , coming close to an all-out war in April . South Sudan shut off its oil supply last year , accusing Sudan of stealing oil revenue . The South got about 70 % of the formerly united country 's reserves when it became independent last year . Both countries have seen hyperinflation and a squeeze on incoming foreign currency as a result of the shutdown . Read more : Coup attempt disrupted , Sudanese government says In September , the leaders signed a deal to resume the nation 's oil operations , but failed to address other key disputes between the recently divorced countries . In addition to a deal to restart oil exports from South Sudan , the two presidents agreed on a demilitarized zone and principles of border demarcation . However , they failed at that meeting to reach a deal on the status of Abyei . Neither country implemented the agreements from that meeting . CNN 's Faith Karimi and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	The presidents of the two Sudans agreed to temporary arrangements with Abyei Abyei is a disputed oil-rich region claimed by both countries As part of the agreement , there will be a police service and an administrative council
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Eight years ago , Leanne Rowe was in a serious car crash that resulted in a broken back and jaw . But when the former bus driver and Australian Army Reserve member recovered , she was left with something completely unexpected : a French accent . Rowe , who is now unable to speak with her original Aussie accent , said she has become a "  recluse , " and often has her daughter speak for her in public . "  I am not French , " Rowe told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  on Sunday . "  It makes me so angry because I am Australian . " How can this occur ? Foreign accent syndrome is an extremely rare condition in which brain injuries change a person 's speech patterns , giving them a different accent . The first known case was reported in 1941 , when a Norwegian woman suffered shrapnel injuries to the brain during a German bombing run -- and started speaking with a German accent . Since then there have been only a few dozen reported cases . "  It 's an impairment of motor control , " said Dr. Karen Croot , one of the few experts in foreign accent syndrome . "  Speech is one of the most complicated things we do , and there are a lot of brain centers involved in coordinating a lot of moving parts . If one or more of them are damaged , that can affect the timing , melody and tension of their speech . "  In a sense it 's not a communication impairment -- a person can make themselves understood perfectly well . " But foreign accent syndrome can be psychologically difficult for sufferers . "  There can be a lack of understanding of how difficult it can be for the person with the acquired accent , " said Croot . "  There 's sort of a response of , ` get rid of the accent , stop putting it on , go back . ' If you think about your own accent , it 's a part of your identity . Changing your accent projects a different identity . " Severe migraine gives British woman Chinese accent In 2010 , Sarah Colwill , a 35-year-old British woman , began speaking with what sounded like a Chinese accent after suffering a serious migraine . "  To think I am stuck with this Chinese accent is getting me down , " she said . "  My voice has started to annoy me now . It is not my voice . " Yet other patients do n't mind as much . "  One of the ladies I worked with was an English speaker who started sounding Irish . She reported feeling positive about it . For her it was sort of an interesting new persona . " Other patients eventually see their speech return to normal . "  I worked on a case of an Australian who was in a car accident , and consequently had an American accent . That accent went away about 5 months later , " said Croot . According to Croot , sufferers may try to regain their former accents by doing exercises . "  They need to practice repositioning their mouth , just as they would practice a tennis serve . It 's motor skill practice . " Treatments used for similar motor speech disorders , apraxia of speech and dysarthria , have also been deployed for patients of foreign accent syndrome in the last few years with "  positive " results . Rowe , however , has decided to stop trying to "  hold in " her accent . "  For me , it was not healthy , " she said . "  It has affected her life greatly , " her daughter explained . "  People see the funny side of it , and think it 's really interesting ... but I 've seen the impacts on mum 's life . "	Car crash eight years ago left Aussie woman speaking with a French accent Foreign accent syndrome is extremely rare ; only a few dozen known cases worldwide Researchers say condition is caused by damage to brain 's motor functions Therapy , new treatments may help patients ' accents return to normal
Europeans are worried about a possible continent-wide bird flu epidemic after a wild duck tested positive for the H5N8 virus in northeast Germany , authorities said . The virus was first discovered earlier this month in domesticated birds at a turkey farm in Germany with subsequent outbreaks on poultry farms in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom . Authorities say that the first wild bird case strengthens the suspicion that the source of the European outbreak lies in the wild bird population . "  We must now talk about a Europe-wide epidemic , " said Till Backhaus , the agriculture minister of the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , where the wild bird was found . He ordered all poultry farmers in his state to keep their animals inside enclosures and away from wild birds . This month over 200,000 ducks , turkeys and chickens were killed in Europe to control the outbreak , according to the World Organization for Animal Health . Once the virus is discovered in select birds , the entire flock must be destroyed , according to health officials . There have been no human cases of H5N8 reported , according to the World Health Organization , but the agency said other avian flu strains have infected humans in the past . The H5N8 strain in Europe "  appears to be highly pathogenic , " meaning that it is highly likely to cause disease and death in poultry . It 's not known how the virus reached Europe , but the WHO said surveillance zones have been put in place around affected farms to prevent the spread of the disease . World 's first H5N6 bird flu death reported in China	Wild duck tests positive for H5N8 virus in Germany ` We must now talk about a Europe-wide epidemic ' German official says No human cases of H5N8 have been reported
CNN  -- After an extensive , month-long buildup , Yahoo has finally unveiled its new logo . Overall the look is cleaner and thinner , and it is a new sans-serif typeface created by Yahoo . The logo is still purple , though a shade darker , and features all the usual uppercase letters in the same order finished off by the signature exclamation point , which dances around in some versions . Yahoo posted two flavors of the new look to its Tumblr at midnight on Thursday . One is white text on a purple background , the other purple text on white background . Both have a slight beveled effect , though it 's more noticeable on the purple text . It has already replaced the logo that appears on the top left corner of Yahoo.com . "  We knew we wanted a logo that reflected Yahoo - whimsical , yet sophisticated . Modern and fresh , with a nod to our history . Having a human touch , personal . Proud. , " wrote CEO Marissa Mayer in a blog post on Tumblr , which Yahoo bought earlier this year . "  We did n't want to have any straight lines in the logo . Straight lines do n't exist in the human form and are extremely rare in nature , so the human touch in the logo is that all the lines and forms all have at least a slight curve , " Mayer added in her post , which goes into exhaustive detail about the thinking behind the logo . In a recent internal poll of Yahoo employees , 87 % wanted the logo changed , Mayer said . Yahoo managed to turn a simple rebranding into an impressive marketing push by dragging it out for 30 days . For the past month , the company has rotated out the logo on its homepage daily with one of the runnersup . Some of the 29 logos were a lot more unusual than the final choice , perhaps to make fans appreciate the reserved simplicity of the final look . "  Sharing these logo variations prepares people for change , so there 's less risk of what happened to Gap , " said David Airey , a graphic designer specializing in brand identity . When Gap tried changing its logo in 2010 , there was an outcry among Gap loyalists and logo enthusiasts . The clothing company eventually caved and switched back to its old logo . Yahoo 's logo redesign was headed up by an in-house branding group and product designers , according to AdAge . It is likely just one of the more noticeable elements of a larger rebranding effort for the struggling company , which Mayer has re-energized since becoming CEO last year . "  The logo is only part of a brand new branding and image campaign . It signals to consumers , investors and employees that change is coming , " said Columbia business school professor Bernd Schmitt . The new logo is probably not different enough to raise much ire  or eyebrows  among Yahoo users , although some Internet critics were unimpressed . On Twitter , the reaction to the logo was less than enthusiastic . "  The new Yahoo logo looks like it got run through Alien Skin Eye Candy on Photoshop 4.0 . , " said Justin Williams . "  A bad logo is all it took for Yahoo! to make everyone talk about it , " tweeted Preshit Deorukhkar , editor of design publication Beautiful Pixels . Yahoo has n't updated its logo since 2009 , and it has been mostly the same since 1995 . The move to change it now is logical given its Mayer 's recent attempts to breathe new life into the brand . "  More often than not , when a company 's identity looks a little tired  or more likely when new leadership wants to put their own stamp on things  , what 's already in place wo n't need to be thrown out . It 'll just need to be freshened up , " said Airey .	After 30 days of teasers , Yahoo has unveiled its new logo The font is different but much of the logo , including exclamation point , are the same The logo is part of a larger rebranding effort by the company
CNN  Sony Pictures is expanding its "  Ghostbusters " movies with Ghost Corps , a collective headed by original "  Ghostbusters " director Ivan Reitman and star Dan Aykroyd , that will oversee the expansion of the movie franchise beyond a cinematic universe into television and merchandising . The first order of business will be to develop a new male-oriented "  Ghostbusters " that will be released after the much ballyhooed female-centric movie being put together by Paul Feig . The movie , which is to star Kirsten Wiig and Melissa McCarthy , shoots this summer and will be released July 22 , 2016 . New all-female ` Ghostbusters ' cast chosen Joe and Anthony Russo , the duo behind "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " and who signed a first-look deal with Sony last week , are being tapped to produce and direct the new movie . Drew Pearce , who penned "  Iron Man 3 " , will write the script while Channing Tatum , another Sony favorite after the 22 Jump Street movies , will also produce with his partners Reid Carolin and Peter Kiernan . If all goes as planned , Tatum would also star in the movie . Read the original 1984 THR review of ` Ghostbusters ' Reitman will also produce the new movie . Sony is one of the studios less franchise-rich than others , such as Disney or Warner Bros. or even Paramount , which is cranking out "  Transformers " and "  G.I. Joe " movies . Female Ghostbusters ? Why Studios Want More Women-Led Blockbusters How seriously is Sony taking this ? Enough that Reitman is moving his entire staff of his production banner The Montecito Picture Co. onto the studio lot to focus on this endeavor . Montecito and Ghost Corps will be separate entities , however . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Sony Pictures is planning a "  cinematic universe " similar to the Marvel films for its "  Ghostbusters " franchise Channing Tatum will star in one of the films , described as "  male-oriented " "  Ghostbusters " reboot is already planned with female cast
CNN  -- As the political ramifications of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's death remained uncertain , his followers demonstrated Wednesday in plazas nationwide to show they support a continuation of his policies . "  Take my life , Lord , but do n't take that of the president ! " wailed an older woman who was among a group of mourners in Bolivar Square in Sabaneta in Barinas State , Chavez 's birthplace in the country 's northwest . "  Without him , we are left with nothing . He 's the only president who has helped us . " PHOTOS : Venezuelans honor Chavez in Paris vigil "  I 'm the beneficiary of education , I 'm the beneficiary of an honorable , beautiful house , I 'm the beneficiary of an honorable job , " said a woman in her 20s . "  President , wherever you are , we are going to miss you forever . " "  I hope we will continue down the path that he showed us , " said one man . "  Let 's continue with socialism , because that is the only path . Commandant Chavez lives and will live in our hearts . " Opinion : Chavez empowered the poor , divided a nation Thousands of Venezuelans lined the streets of the capital , Caracas , Wednesday morning as Chavez 's remains were taken from the military hospital where he died to the Fuerte Tiuna Military Academy . Soldiers held Chavez 's simple wooden casket , which was draped with the national flag , as a priest recited a prayer and blessing over it . The casket was placed atop a hearse , which was festooned with flowers and wreaths and driven slowly toward the military academy . The streets transformed into a sea of green and red , as soldiers and red-clad supporters followed the procession . Venezuela 's interim leader thrust into spotlight Some wept as the casket passed in front of them , while others stretched out their arms to take pictures with their phones . "  Chavez to the pantheon ! Chavez to the pantheon ! " the crowd chanted , referring to the country 's National Pantheon , which houses the remains of Chavez 's hero , South American liberator Simon Bolivar , and other Venezuelan luminaries . The body 's arrival at the academy , where it is to lie in state until Friday morning 's state funeral , was broadcast live on state television . A number of presidents -- including Uruguay 's Jose Mujica , Argentina 's Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and Bolivia 's Evo Morales -- have already arrived in the country for the funeral . The country has declared seven days of mourning , closed schools for the rest of the week and deployed armed forces to "  guarantee peace . " For its part , Venezuela 's Interior Ministry sought to guarantee sobriety . It said in a statement that it had banned the sale , distribution and consumption of alcohol through March 12 "  to guarantee the physical integrity of individuals with the intention to maintain internal order and normal development of the country 's actions . " The Chavez faithful were most visible Wednesday , but a sizable and strong opposition to the ruling party remains . One 27-year-old man said in a CNN iReport that he fled Venezuela a decade ago because he believed there was no future there under Chavez . "  I left Venezuela because my brother got kidnapped , our house got burglarized , cars stolen , " Carlos Quijada said . "  My parents had an import business and the currency controls made it impossible for them to import anything anymore . " Quijada said he hoped that things would improve with Chavez 's death . "  My life was completely altered because of that man , " he said . "  And I will not hide the fact that I am happy that he is no longer alive . " U.S. reaction to Chavez 's death : from mourning to celebration A new election will be held within 30 days , possibly signaling a new path for the oil-rich nation . Opposition politicians have not said who will represent them in the election . But as speculation mounted about Chavez 's health in recent weeks , many turned to Henrique Capriles , who lost to Chavez in October 's presidential contest . On Tuesday , Capriles called for a national dialogue including all Venezuelans , not just Chavez 's supporters . "  Today there are thousands , maybe millions , of Venezuelans who are asking themselves what will happen , who feel anxiety , and including those who feel afraid , " Capriles said . Vice President Nicolas Maduro , the interim president , has made no mention in public of running for election , but he is widely expected to be the United Socialist Party of Venezuela 's candidate for the job . During the three months that Chavez was undergoing treatment and absent from the political stage , Maduro has been highly visible . His addresses to political rallies and updates about the president on national television have drawn support from Chavez loyalists . Opinion : Chavez was a maker of dreams Opposition critics said he was campaigning for office , a claim the government denied . Even as it was announced that Maduro would temporarily assume the presidency , some questioned whether that was constitutional because Chavez missed his inauguration while being treated in Cuba for cancer and was never officially sworn in . "  Diosdado Cabello , a key ally whose biography is similar to Chavez 's , would be a stronger bet " than Maduro to defeat Capriles , said Daniel Greenberg , a professor of history and founder of the Institute of Latin American Service and Studies at Pace University in New York . "  If Capriles wins , Chavez 's reforms will most likely be scaled back rather than dismantled . Either way , Venezuela without Chavez will be a vastly different place . " At the United Nations , the Security Council held a minute of silence in Chavez 's honor . It was at a U.N. General Assembly meeting in 2006 that Chavez bluntly referred to his U.S. counterpart , former President George W. Bush , who had addressed the world body the day before from the same lectern , as "  the devil . " "  The devil came here yesterday , " Chavez said . "  And it smells of sulfur still today . " Check out the latest news on CNN.com CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Catherine E. Shoichet , Tom Watkins and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Alcohol banned during mourning period , Interior Ministry said The U.N. Security Council observes a minute of silence for Chavez "  Venezuela without Chavez will be a vastly different place , " professor says Thousands of Venezuelans lined the streets to watch the procession
CNN  -- It took Jordan two years , two group stages and a full 18 games to get to the brink of their first ever World Cup finals . The country had reached fever pitch , salivating at the prospect of their small Arab kingdom securing a place in Brazil alongside the world 's best soccer-playing nations . Standing in their way were Uruguay , 1950 World Cup winners and ranked as the sixth best team on the planet , brimming with world class talent like Liverpool 's Luis Suarez and Paris Saint-Germain 's Edinson Cavani . But though the team known as ` Al-Nashama ' , which translates as ` The Brave Gentlemen ' , battled gamely in the first leg of their playoff in front of their reigning monarch King Abdullah , the dream is all but over . Uruguay ran out 5-0 winners in Amman , delighting their small pocket of fans who made the journey from South America , meaning the mother of all footballing miracles will be needed if Jordan are to qualify . Still , a portion of their deflated supporters stayed behind after the final whistle to applaud the opposition , whose superior quality told in goals from Maxi Pereira , Christian Stuani , Nicolás Lodeiro , Cristian Rodriguez and Cavani . Jordan started well , Odai Al Saify nearly sneaking a shot inside the near post of Uruguay goalkeeper Martín Silva , but the home side were soon on the back foot . The deadlock was broken on 22 minutes when Pereira , who plays in Portugal for Benfica , tapped home from close range after Cavani 's header had been parried by Jordanian goalkeeper Abdulla al-Zubi . The second was n't far behind as Stuani steered a low shot into the net after poor defending allowed a cross to fall to the striker , who plys his club trade for Espanyol in Spain . After the interval , Jordan fashioned their best chance of the game but Ibrahim al-Zawareh missed the target from close range after Shareef Adnan 's inviting cross . Lodeiro made it three on 69 minutes , sweeping home after good work from Cavani and Rodriguez grabbed a fourth moments later with a crisp volley from inside the area . Jordan 's misery was complete in time added on as Cavani got the goal his performance warranted , arrowing a free kick from 25 yards into the top corner . The return leg is in Montevideo next Wednesday but Jordan will travel to South America in the knowledge that their first World Cup appearance is set to elude them again . Mexico joy Mexico are odds on to join Uruguay in Brazil after they took a commanding 5-1 lead in their playoff with New Zealand . There was a real fear among the country 's football mad fans that Mexico might miss out on the World Cup for the first time since 1990 , and they had to rely on other results going their way even to make the playoffs . Coach Miguel Herrera was their fourth in five qualification matches but his decision to overlook star names like Manchester United 's Javier Hernandez in favor of those who play in Mexico 's domestic league paid off . Two goals from Oribe Peralta and further strikes from Raúl Jiménez , Paul Aguilar and Rafael Márquez put Mexico into a five-goal lead before Chris James grabbed a consolation goal for the Kiwis . The return leg takes place in New Zealand next Tuesday .	Uruguay thrash Jordan 5-0 in their World Cup qualification playoff first leg Class tells for world 's sixth best team against Middle East minnows PSG 's Edinson Cavani on scoresheet as Uruguay take big step towards Brazil Mexico thrash New Zealand 5-1 in first leg of their World Cup playoff
CNN  -- As I type this week 's column , I look out of my office window and stare at a depressing sight . A heavy blanket of smog and dust hangs over the sky . Buildings nearby are barely visible . Air is barely breathable . I checked the website of the China National Environmental Monitoring Center . It rated Beijing 's air quality for the day as "  slightly polluted " . On Twitter , however , the U.S. Embassy 's BeijingAir , an air-quality monitoring app , rated the air pollution level as "  hazardous . " What gives ? I visited the Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center  BMEMC  to find out . "  We 've been using equipment imported from the U.S. to monitor air quality ever since we set up in 1987 , " Vice Director Hua Lei tells me . "  We use the same techniques as the American system . " But there is one difference : the Chinese monitoring stations measure particulates 10 micrometers or smaller , a standard known as PM10 . BeijingAir , which reports the reading of an air monitory device installed on the roof of the U.S. embassy building , uses the PM2 .5 , which measures tiny airborne particulates that cause smog and are deemed more harmful . It ranks air quality from 1  cleanest  to 500  dirtiest  . "  It measures the very fine particulates which are health concerns , things less than 2.5 micrometers , " U.S. ambassador Gary Locke tells CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . "  Acceptable range in the U.S. is 35 . Here we are near 400 , more than 10 times the acceptable level . " That was a few days earlier , when Kristie interviewed the American envoy . Thursday 's reading on BeijingAir : 321 . I have lived in Beijing for nearly 40 years and have seen the air 's quality go from bad to worse . I never imagined it to be this bad . Experts blame the thick haze on rapid urbanization and industrialization . "  What come with them are cars , industries and pollution sources from all kinds of directions , " says Wu Changhua , China director of The Climate Group , a London-based international organization . Beijing , for instance , burned some 27 million tons of coal in 2010 , according to state-run media . Despite efforts to limit the number cars with an auto-plate lottery , it 's estimated that Beijing now has over 5 million cars , up from about 3.5 million in 2008 . Pollution is more acute because of the sheer size of the city 's population  17 million  and the rapid speed of its economic growth , experts say . Some say the costs are mounting . "  They are paying a price first of all individually by premature deaths , " says Achim Steiner , executive director of the UN Environment Program  UNEP  , who is in Beijing to launch the agency 's "  green economy " report . "  China as a society also pays a heavy price in terms of healthcare and lost productivity . " The picture is not all dark . China acknowledges the problems and has pledged to solve them . "  If you look at China 's five-year plan  for 2011-2015  , there are green-development plans that set high ambitions in energy efficiency , renewable energy as well as pollution reductions and control , " notes Wu . UNEP 's Steiner compliments China as the world 's biggest investor in renewable energy for spending $ 49 billion last year . On the grassroots level , rumblings of a green movement are starting to be heard . Huanbao  environmental protection  is now a catch-phrase among residents and local journalists . Public complaints over Beijing 's worsening air quality are common . In recent days , some Chinese microbloggers posted pictures of the national Olympics stadium , also known as the "  Birds Nest " , taken on blue-sky days during the 2008 Olympics , juxtaposed with pictures of the stadium covered with smog . In response , the Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center has opened its facilities to the public once a week . "  We receive scores of residents and local journalists , " Hua says as she shows me inside a hall equipped with computers and a huge TV screen . "  We show them how we do our monitoring , show how equipments work , and explain our standards and systems . It 's good that people are now interested in what we do . " Hua says China may adopt more stringent PM2 .5 standards , but gradually . "  It takes time to improve the standards we are using and to gradually adopt international standards , " she says . "  We 'll gradually raise our standards and it is possible that we 'll adopt higher standards as the air quality in China gets better . " A number of Chinese netizens are pushing Beijing to change standards immediately . Pan Shiyi , a Chinese real estate tycoon , recently asked his 7.5 million fans on Sina Weibo , a microblogging social network similar to Twitter , to vote on whether Beijing should adopt more stringent standards . Of the 40,000 who voted , 92 % agreed that "  the authorities adopt PM2 .5 this year . " "  I think that 's definitely the direction to go , " says Wu of The Climate Group . "  China so far has been monitoring PM10 and from the epidemiological perspective , we all know when the particles are bigger they do n't go too deep into your lungs and respiratory system . But actually , the more hazardous polluter will be PM2 .5 . " Wu hopes the Chinese government will soon adopt the higher standards , although she is not sure how quickly it can be done . "  It 's being debated at this moment , " she says There are encouraging signals this week . Chinese media reports say that at least two cities in south China have decided to adopt PM 2.5 on trial basis . Will Beijing follow suit ? Wu hopes for quicker actions . "  I have an 11-year-old child , " she says . "  I really wish for better air quality , for the nation 's authorities to do something not just for us but for future generations . That remains a concern for parents like me and many others . "	China rated Beijing air ` slightly polluted ' that U.S. standards rated ` hazardous ' this week Beijing officials use equipment from the U.S. to monitor air quality , but standard is lower Public complaints over Beijing 's worsening air quality on microblogs are common Government has put environmental protection as a priority in its latest 5-year plan
Hong Kong  CNN  -- If Sunday 's by-election in Myanmar is deemed to be free and fair , it will cap off a startling about-turn by the former military men currently running the country . For the first time ever , credible alternatives to the ruling party appeared on the ballot , including pro-democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi , who was serving the final days of her house arrest during the general election in November 2010 , which was widely derided as a sham . This by-election , analysts say , will be the first real test of the government 's commitment to removing the fear and paranoia of citizens silenced by nearly five decades of military rule . The vote was called to fill seats vacated by the promotion of parliamentarians to the Cabinet and other posts last year . "  It 's hugely important and it will provide a new semi-democratic political system with an opportunity to show that it has ambition to become more transparent , more inclusive and thus more democratic , " said Nicholas Farrelly , a research fellow at the Australian National University . In the weeks leading to Sunday 's vote , Suu Kyi has traveled up and down the country , rallying support for her once-banned National League for Democracy party  NLD  . Opening up Myanmar Just the sight of her brazenly pitching her policies to huge crowds of people has emboldened many to dare to believe that democracy might be possible . "  I 'm so happy Suu Kyi is free and campaigning ... she will bring a better future for this country , " said Nu Wary Lwin , who went to see Suu Kyi in Myaungmya , in the country 's south . But others are more wary about what the future holds . "  I have more freedom to say what I think now , but Aung San Suu Kyi has to remain free and do more so we all have a better life than this , " said another prospective voter , Din Dun Zayawin . Analysts say Suu Kyi is all but guaranteed to win her seat in Kawhmu , south of Yangon , one of 45 up for grabs in the by-election . "  It would be a major shock if she did not win her own seat . But I think we have to prepare people for the expectations that the NLD will not win all seats in the by-election , " said Jim Della-Giacoma , a project director at International Crisis Group . Della-Giacoma stresses that the NLD does have competition , not least from the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party  USDP  , which was formed less than two years ago to contest the 2010 election by former general , and now president , Thein Sein , and a number of other former military leaders . "  The USDP has shown it is able to recruit good candidates , local figures who are popular in their own right . They 've got something to lose here so they 're competing , like governments everywhere , " he added . However , others say that it does n't matter who wins what seats in this by-election . After attracting international condemnation for manipulating the voting process two years ago , Myanmar 's leaders know the real test of this election is proving to the world they can conduct a legitimate vote . "  I do n't think it matters how many seats the NLD wins . I think the only thing that really matters whether it 's free or fair . I do n't think the people of Burma care about how many seats the NLD wins either . What they want to know is whether the next set of elections , the national elections  expected in 2015  , are also going to be free and fair , " said Monique Skidmore , of the University of Canberra . The staggering pace of change in Myanmar , which is also known as Burma , has shocked and thrilled observers . In the past 12 months , the country has pardoned hundreds of political prisoners , secured a ceasefire with Karen rebels and has agreed to negotiate with other ethnic rebel groups . Freer press rules have encouraged the proliferation of journals and magazines . "  There 's a whole slew of information out there for voters that just was n't there in 2010 , " said Della-Giacoma . Unlike the 2010 general election , international observers have been invited to monitor the vote . The U.S. , European Union and members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations are sending monitors , as are Japan , Canada and Australia . However , analysts say the sheer number and spread of polling booths across the country will make it impossible for international monitors to ensure an honest count . "  We just have to take Thein Sein at his word and have a look at the outcome , " said Skidmore . "  There is no way the Burmese people would ever vote overwhelmingly for the military party and so we 'll know on the basis of who is elected whether it was free and fair . " So far , Myanmar 's efforts to thaw its frosty relations with the rest of the world have been warmly welcomed and rewarded . In recent months , a steady procession of foreign ministers has visited the country and , in February , the EU lifted a travel ban on Myanmar officials . There have been hints too that a free and fair vote on Sunday will lead to the relatively swift unraveling of sanctions that have long choked the country 's economy . "  The rapid reappraisal of sanctions is likely to come almost immediately , " said Farrelly . "  However  there will be those who will consider the sanctions that are in place should only be rescinded when certain other benchmarks are met . There will be some , I 'm sure , who will argue that it 's terrific that Aung San Suu Kyi now can play an active role in Burma 's politics , but that franchise needs to be extended to all ethnic minority groups as well . " As a member of parliament , Suu Kyi would also be expected to be free to travel outside Myanmar -- and more importantly to return -- something that was n't possible during her long years of repression and confinement . Another potential shift is underway as well , said Skidmore . Thousands of Burmese living in exile around the world are watching and waiting for a clear sign that it is safe to return home . For many , that clear sign could come with Sunday 's vote . "  The Burmese chat rooms are full of discussion about when is it safe to go back and what will we do when we go back , " she added . "  Already we 're starting to see exiled media organizations coming back into the country and so the time is getting closer and closer for a whole generation of Burmese people to return home . And that 's going to be a very exciting aspect of Burma 's next democratic phase as well . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Vote called to fill seats vacated by the promotion of parliamentarians to the Cabinet and other posts Credible alternatives to ruling party include pro-democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi 2010 general election won by Union Solidarity and Development Party  USDP  , viewed as ` sham ' Unlike two years ago , international observers have been invited to monitor the polls
Yahoo 's decision to curtail remote working among its employees has stirred dismay in the technology industry at a time when many companies are innovating new solutions to enable telecommuting . At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , one of the planet 's biggest showcases of new digital technology , numerous manufacturers are touting gadgets and software specifically aimed at keeping workers out of the office and either on the road or at home . Yet among those exhibiting at the annual event , there was mixed reaction as some digital innovators aired reservations about Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer 's latest attempt to revive the search engine 's flagging fortunes while others backed a more balanced approach . Tell us : What smartphone feature would you like to see in the future ? Mayer 's strategy was revealed after a leaked memo set a June deadline for remote workers to either relocate within physical commuting reach of a Yahoo office or leave the company . Yahoo has declined to comment but the memo , obtained by tech blog All Things D , said the move was necessary as "  to become the absolute best place to work , communication and collaboration will be important , so we need to be working side-by-side . " The announcement comes as many governments worldwide are urging employers to consider telecommuting as way of alleviating overburdened and environmentally detrimental transport systems and also striking better work/life balances . Advances in technology , particularly the spread of broadband internet connections and 3G and 4G mobile phone networks has made this possible . At the Mobile World Congress event , many exhibitors stake their futures on an increase in telecommuting . Greg Sullivan , Senior Product Manager for Windows Phone , said remote working provided a tremendous opportunity for workers to get more out of their lives while reducing their impact on the planet 's ecosystem . "  We have to be vigilant in making sure that technology does n't let work overtake us . But one of things that 's been enabled by this , is the ability to have it all , " he told CNN , illustrating his point with an anecdote about being called by Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer . "  I was at my daughter 's soccer game not long ago and I was waiting for a very important e-mail from a very important person at Microsoft -- named Steve -- and I did n't have to stay home and wait for it . "  I could go to my daughter 's soccer game and see on my phone that the e-mail came in . So it was a win-win situation and that 's what technology can do for us . "  Balmer was probably fine with that - he probably did n't even know that I was at my daughter 's soccer game . " One MWC exhibitor GENBAND , a U.S.-based company that provides technology which can be used to create remote working environments , said Yahoo 's move was understandable , but the problems it faces could be overcome with better technology . "  There is some validity to the arguments motivating Yahoo 's move away from supporting remote workers , " said GENBAND Chief Executive Charlie Vogt . "  Worker productivity is in some ways a measure of meaningful human interaction and face-to-face communications . " But , he said , communication systems , including video conferencing and internet collaboration , that allow employees to realistically simulate face-to-face interaction , are already on the market . "  With little effort most remote employees can take advantage of intelligent communications tools to elegantly blend the benefits of being part of a vibrant office environment and having the flexibility that comes from working outside the office on a permanent or part-time basis . " Cisco , another MWC exhibitor whose products are directly aimed at creating remote working environments , insisted its technology was capable of recreating every aspect of real-life interaction short of physical contact . Marc Musgrove , Cisco 's global communications director , said Yahoo 's announcement was unfortunately timed as it came just days ahead of the March 4 start of the third annual Telework Week , a Cisco-backed global initiative to encourage remote working . Musgrove said Cisco 's video-link products allowed employees to talk lag-free in high definition , but he said there was a need to strike a balance between "  appropriate " home working and office-based interaction in genuinely collaborative work spaces such as Cisco 's main campus in San Jose , California . "  When people come into the office you do n't want people just sitting there heads down knocking out their emails , because they can do that from a café or a home office or remote office . " Foursquare Co-Founder Dennis Crowley also emphasized the need for balance : "  It is great to offer employees the flexibility that If they need to be off for a day or so , or for an afternoon , that 's totally fine . "  We try to get as many people together in the office as possible because that 's where stuff gets done . People hang out in the lunch room , and they hang out in the hallways and in different meeting rooms . You are more productive when people are all together , but I think you need to have a little bit of flexibility . "  We use things like Google + Hangouts to do a lot of video conferencing at Foursquare , so we 're able to make it work . "  It 's a mixture of both , but not too much out of the office , " he added . David Marcus , President of PayPal , said : "  This is not a black and white answer . Generally if teams are together they 're definitely more efficient and more productive . But that being said , you also need to cater to moms who need to go and pick up their kids from school . And so you need to find the right balance . "	Exhibitors at annual Mobile World Congress say Yahoo 's ban on remote working ignores need for balance Greg Sullivan of Windows Phone says telecommuting improves home life and benefits environment Cisco 's Marc Musgrove says modern technology can now recreate face-to-face encounters
CNN  -- Liverpool 's official supporters club is hoping the intervention of former chairman David Moores will hasten the departure of unpopular owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks . In a 3,155-word letter to the Times newspaper , Moores said he "  hugely regrets " selling the English Premier League team to the American pair in 2007 and called on them to sell up as soon as possible . Under Hicks and Gillett , Liverpool 's debts have spiraled to $ 507 million and the club 's finances are further imperiled by the failure to qualify for next season 's European Champions League . Hicks told Sky Sports News on Wednesday that they hope to sell the club by the end of the year . James McKenna , spokesperson for the "  Spriit of Shankly " supporters club , said he hope Moores ' letter will encourage the banks who have loaned money to the Americans to put pressure on their clients to sell . "  If the previous owner admits it 's a mistake , and the fans all see it as a mistake then surely those who allow them to stay in control , like the Royal Bank of Scotland will realize that , " McKenna told CNN . "  I think if anything it gives a bit more impetus to fans to ramp up the pressure on Hicks and Gillett . It is about time they walked away . " In his letter , Moores explained the checks that were run on the Americans before they were allowed to seize control , but admitted that more could have been done to investigate where their money was coming from . "  I call upon them now to stand back , accept their limitations as joint owners , acknowledge their role in the club 's current demise , and stand aside , with dignity , to allow someone else to take up the challenge , " Moores concluded . "  Do n't punish the club 's supporters any more - God knows they 've taken enough . " McKenna described the Americans ' reign as "  disastrous " and said there was a real danger of the club falling to financial ruin , unless new backers are found soon . Portsmouth became the first Premier League club to enter administration last season . "  Once we fall out of the top four and we are not meeting the same revenues , how are we going to meet these interest repayments of # 110,000 a day ? " he said . "  It simply is n't sustainable at the present time and it will become very quickly a real risk of administration if the situation worsens . " With Liverpool out of Europe 's top competition and little money available for new recruits , the British media has speculated that manager Rafael Benitez will be forced to sell key players such as Spanish top scorer Fernando Torres and England midfielder Steven Gerrard . "  There 's a real fear that players may be forced out because there 's no investment , " said McKenna . Steven Gerrard , Fernando Torres , Pepe Reina and Javier Mascherano - world-class players like that need to be playing in a world-class team , challenging and winning honors year in year out . " Speaking to Sky , Hicks said the club was in "  healthy " financial state and did not need to sell Gerrard or Torres .	Liverpool fans welcome former chairman David Moores ' plea for owners to sell Club 's debts have reached $ 507 million under Americans Tom Hicks and George Gillett Fans fear financial ruin and departure of key players like Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres
Taliban suicide bombers attacked Afghanistan 's regional spy headquarters in Ghazni city early Thursday , leaving 21 people dead and more than 150 civilians wounded , a government official said . Nineteen of the dead were the suicide attackers . The remaining two were members of the National Directorate of Security personnel . The NDS is the nation 's spy agency . A Taliban spokesman claimed responsibility for the attack . The assault began when one of the suicide attackers detonated an explosives-filled truck at the front gate of the spy agency , said Shafiq Nang , a spokesman for the governor of Ghazni province . Twelve of them stormed the NDS . Six others hit the Rapid Reaction Police headquarters in the city . For the next hour , Afghan security forces battled the Taliban attackers until all of them were killed , he said . Most of the injuries were the result of broken glass and collapsed roofs from the explosion .	Ghazni is the regional security headquarters for Afghanistan 's spy agency The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack 19 suicide bombers took part 21 people died , including all the attackers , and more than 150 were injured
CNN  -- Beauty queen Monica Spear posted scenic photos and videos of the Venezuelan countryside online in the days before her death . Now , days after attackers gunned down the soap opera star and her ex-husband , investigators say Spear 's camera was a key link that helped them track down her killers . Police found the camera inside the home of one of seven suspects authorities have arrested in connection with the slayings , the head of Venezuela 's national crime investigation agency said Thursday . Four suspects are still on the loose , he said . No one has been charged , but officials say there is evidence linking the group of suspected gang members to the double homicide . The high-profile case has galvanized Venezuelans to turn up the pressure on their government to act on the country 's high crime rates and prompted pledges from officials to end the violence . The victims ' 5-year-old daughter , Maya , witnessed the roadside shooting and suffered a gunshot wound herself but survived . "  It 's terrible that this happened , and society has to react , " Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said at a security meeting he convened with mayors and governors on Wednesday . "  It is not time to faint , to throw in the towel , to let our guard down . To the contrary , it 's time to react . " For many Venezuelans , what happened to Spear is nothing new . Violence on Venezuelan roads and highways , they say , is all too common . A nonprofit that tracks homicides in the South American country says there were almost 25,000 violent deaths last year in the country of about 30 million people . "  I ask Venezuelans to wake up because it was Monica a few days ago , but , how many people have died on highways in this country ? " said Mary Spear , the soap opera star 's aunt . "  Monica had to die so that the whole world learns that we ca n't be out on the street because we 're afraid . " Investigators believe motive was robbery The head of Venezuela 's national crime investigation agency said Thursday that investigators believe robbery was the motive in the attack . But during Wednesday 's meeting , Maduro theorized that the killings may not have been a robbery or a normal street crime . "  This murder seems more like a contract killing , " he said . The president did not elaborate on his statement . Four men , a woman and two minors with ties to the crime have been arrested . Four other suspects remain on the loose , including the man believed to have the murder weapon , said Jose Gregorio Sierralta , director of the Corps of Scientific , Penal and Criminal Investigations . "  We have managed to apprehend and totally break up this dangerous gang , " he said . Sierralta stressed that dealing with violence is not just the government 's responsibility . "  Crime is everyone 's problem , " he said . "  We can not distance ourselves from this reality . ... We must reflect on each case as parents , as professionals . What are Venezuelans doing to help to solve these expressions of criminality that are so strong that have been affecting us in recent months ? " Grandfather : 5-year-old still has bullet lodged in leg Throngs of mourners have come to the Caracas funeral home to pay respects to Spear . A funeral for the actress is set for Friday . Spear was Miss Venezuela in 2004 and represented her country in the Miss Universe pageant the next year . Her popularity opened the door to acting roles in soap operas that eventually made her an international star . Spear , who studied theater at the University of Central Florida before winning the Miss Venezuela crown , appeared on the Telemundo soap operas "  Flor Salvaje "  Savage Flower  and "  Pasion Prohibida "  Forbidden Passion  . The actress 's daughter , Maya , was released from the hospital and is with family . The girl still has a bullet lodged in her leg , but doctors expect her to recover , said Rafael Spear , Monica Spear 's father and the child 's grandfather . "  She has not yet asked about her parents . I think she knows what happened , " he told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol Thursday . "  It 's something that 's going to come up sooner rather than later . " The family has reached out to psychologists about how to handle the situation , her brother , Ricardo Spear , told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  We 're going to do it slowly . We 're going to use metaphors : They went to heaven ; they 're up there watching you ; they 're taking care of you ; they love you , " he said . The Spear family is not one to hold on to anger , the brother said , and has nothing to say to whoever ended Monica Spear 's life . Family members are filled with sadness but hope that something good can come from the tragedy , he said . "  We 're not focusing on police agencies or information about how this happened , " he said . "  We 're focusing on spreading a message of peace , a message of love . " Venezuela is one of the world 's most violent countries , according to a United Nations ranking . One person is killed roughly every 21 minutes in Venezuela . And there were 24,700 violent deaths last year in the oil-rich country of roughly 30 million people , according to the nonprofit Venezuelan Violence Observatory . The observatory says the country 's murder rate has soared to nearly 80 deaths per 100,000 people . Government statistics put the figure significantly lower , at 39 deaths per 100,000 . Even though she was also an American citizen , Spear loved traveling through Venezuela and exploring the country and wanted to see the security situation improve , Rafael Spear said . "  Monica was in love with Venezuela ... What happened should never happen to anyone else in this beautiful country , " Rafael Spear said . "  We must work together to make the country safe . We must disarm the people . We must make it so we can go out at night , like we did before . " CNN 's Patricia Janiot , Rafael Romo and Alejandra Oraa contributed to this report .	NEW : Monica Spear 's daughter still has a bullet lodged in her leg , family says A top investigator says robbery was the motive behind the double homicide 7 suspects have been arrested ; 4 remain on the loose , he says Venezuela was shocked by the killing of Spear , a beauty queen and soap opera star
CNN  -- My friends have always told me that rock stardom was wasted on me . To them it seemed that being a rock star was a free ticket to debauchery . It was sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll , and I was only taking advantage of two . Drugs were not a part of my rock 'n' roll lifestyle . I was n't even much of a drinker . I have never thrown up from being over intoxicated . What kind of rock star is that ? I had certainly encountered drugs during the '80s , mostly cocaine , but nothing about grinding my teeth and rambling on about myself appealed to me . During the '90s , I smoked an occasional joint . Those were usually fun social occasions . My work was a drug-free zone . Then in 2004 , I was diagnosed with breast cancer . The chemotherapy that was prescribed was called "  dose dense " : a harsher , stronger chemo than the usual because I had the benefit of not having to work during the treatment . My close friends told me that , as an alternative , medical marijuana was a natural way to help with the excruciating side effects of chemo . It worked . The entire experience changed my life . It opened my mind to a new way of thinking about my body , my health and the future . This herb , this weed that is so strong it grows wild by the side of the road , has always been with us . In ancient times it was highly regarded and has even been found in tombs . It has even been put forth from some biblical scholars that Jesus may have used cannabis oil to heal . Now , this herb , marijuana , is at center of a debate within our society . The American Civil Liberties Union just released a report called "  The War on Marijuana in Black and White : Billions of Dollars Wasted on Racially Biased Arrests , " which outlines why marijuana reform is necessary . Many people are being arrested and their lives affected forever , sometimes devastated , because of marijuana possession . People use marijuana for different reasons , and I needed it to get me through tough times . I used it every day during chemo : It gave me an appetite so I was able to eat and keep my strength up . It also helped with the depression , and it eased the gastrointestinal pain . I have been a medicinal marijuana smoker for nine years now . I find relief from the gastrointestinal effects of the chemo even now . I find it helps with regulating my sleep . I also enjoy it before I watch "  Game of Thrones . " Along with so many other social morals that are taking on new meanings and definitions , the stigma that has pot lumped in with heroin and other Schedule 1 opiates -- those that have "  no currently accepted medical use in the United States -- is being re-examined . The state of fear in which these laws were created has changed . Educated people have experienced pot or they understand that research has shown that while marijuana use is not entirely safe , its dangers have been grossly overstated . I am also a mother . I have teenage children and it has not been an easy journey holding the boundary between teenage abuse of marijuana and legitimate adult use . In my efforts to refrain from saying "  Do as I say not as I do , " I have found a way to inform my children that the growing adolescent brain reacts differently to cannabis and studies have shown that the benefits an adult brain experiences are actually detrimental to the growing teenage brain . Common sense tells me that kids smoking pot is not a good idea . Just like sex , you can handle it when you are mature enough to respect it . So as a mother and a rock star I find myself asking , are we ready to trust ourselves and our children in a world where the sale and use of cannabis is legal ? With the Supreme Court considering the legalization of same-sex marriage , along with the new dialogue on ending pot prohibition , we have arrived at the tipping point of understanding that true freedom is the ability of a nation to handle diversity . These days our society is experiencing a new open-mindedness . We are beginning to break away from the old fears that governed our parents ' world . We do not automatically fear someone because of the color of his or her skin . We do not fear for our children if homosexuals are living in the neighborhood . And we do not fear that smoking pot will necessarily lead to a life of ruin . I believe it is time to shine a light on the old "  Reefer Madness " fears . Let 's legitimize cannabis sales so that our youth are as protected from illegal pot as they are from illegal alcohol and tobacco sales . Legitimize the growers so that pot can have regulations and I know I am supporting American businesses and not outlaws when I purchase it . The legalization of pot is making sense . It will create a real business form and take the lawlessness out of its sale and distribution . The ACLU report on racial bias in pot possession arrests is enlightening . The fact that people of color are arrested four times more often than whites is disturbing . This imbalance is coming to a head . We can be the generation that makes the change . We live in a nation that holds freedom as a sacred right . Our great Constitution challenges us to grow constantly Let 's put an end to marijuana prohibition and get clear regulations on the legal sale of pot . The benefits might surprise us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Etheridge .	Melissa Etheridge : Drugs and drinking "  were not a part of my rock 'n' roll lifestyle " She says medical marijuana eased chemo 's excruciating side effects after she got cancer She 's a mother who believes pot should be legal for adults , regulated like alcohol Etheridge : Legalization will take the lawlessness out of its sale and distribution
Near Flagstaff , Arizona  CNN  -- As one of hundreds of evacuees in Arizona 's raging wildfire , Serena Chesmore valued family over home . She ensured the safety of the most precious things in the world : her family and pets . Her house in Kachina Village , after all , is replaceable , Chesmore said Friday . "  The kids , the pets , the photos -- they ca n't be replaced , " Chesmore said . But Chesmore said she is hoping that firefighters will be able to save her house and 300 other homes and businesses from an Arizona forest fire roaring through park land . She made an early jump on a pre-evacuation notice given to about 3,200 residents in Coconino County . The online Incident Information System reported Friday night that much of the fire burned with lower intensity throughout the day , allowing firefighters to make some progress . However , despite that progress , the total area scorched climbed to 8,500 acres , and the containment level held steady at 5 % . Weather conditions "  will likely worsen " during the Memorial Day weekend , which could cause problems containing the fire , CNN meteorologist Matt Daniel said . He said temperatures are expected to warm up , humidity will decrease during the day , and winds are expected to go up . Firefighters face rough conditions The equivalent of a battalion of 960 firefighters , including 15 hotshot crews and three air tankers , have been fighting the fire between Flagstaff and Sedona -- a tourist and retirement destination famed for its red rock formations -- since Tuesday afternoon . Tony Sciacca , a fire incident commander , said it 's been an uphill battle for the firefighters battling the blaze . "  They 're engaged in tough terrain , cutting vegetation , applying fire to the landscape as they need to in burnout operations , " Sciacca said . Area residents took to Facebook on Friday to thank firefighters . "  Thank you again for your tireless work on this monster , " Mavis Kimball posted to the Slide Fire Information Facebook page . "  We who call this place home so appreciate you . " "  So thankful the best of the best are here on the Slide Fire , " wrote Terry Schneider . Dust-dry pine needles , high winds and steep slopes have made for ideal conditions for the fire to spread rapidly , fire officials say . And it has . The flames that investigators fear were ignited by human hands appear to have consumed hundreds of acres in a few hours ' time , according to officials . The wind has blasted vigorously and erratically through fiery gulches , with gusts up to 30 mph , but has not blown towards the populated Flagstaff area . What to know about wildfires 17-year-old appears in juvenile court in California wildfires case CNN 's Ana Cabrera reported from Arizona . Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta , and Michael Martinez reported and wrote from Los Angeles . CNN 's Steve Almasy and Shawn Nottingham also contributed to this report .	Fire has scorched 8,500 acres near Flagstaff since Tuesday Dust-dry pine needles , high winds and steep slopes make for ideal fire conditions Hundreds of homes , businesses are threatened and have been evacuated The blaze is 5 % contained
CNN  -- It 's been just over two weeks since the Queen parachuted into London 's Olympic Stadium , her apricot dress flapping in the breeze , to the cheers of thousands in the stadium and millions at home watching the 2012 Opening Ceremony . Since then , a potent mix of skill , stamina and resolve turned what appeared on paper as a packed sporting schedule into real-life drama , sorting the best from those who can still only dream of reaching the top . The hard-fought victories and stunning record-breaking performances by seasoned and new sporting superstars -- including Usain Bolt , Michael Phelps , Gabby Douglas and Ye Shiwen -- will lead many lists of the most memorable moments from London 2012 . But the 30th Olympiad stands alone in creating a number of significant other world firsts , some that have been shouted from the rooftops as well as others that passed quietly without international fanfare . For those , it 's time to get out the bunting , ticker tape , streamers or celebratory toast , wherever you may be . Here we list the sporting moments you may have missed , and others that athletes may prefer to forget . Team USA may be ahead in the total medal count , but other countries are celebrating taking home just one after years of effort . Grenada went straight to the top of the podium with its first Olympic medal courtesy of Kirani James ,19 , who won the men 's 400m , making Grenada the country with the smallest population to ever win Olympic gold . Montenegro was close to winning gold until Norway slipped ahead in the women 's handball final , ensuring the country 's first ever Olympic medal was silver . It was silver too for Guatemala and Erick Barrando , 21 , in the 20 kilometer race walk , 60 years after the country first debuted at the Games . Botswana won its first medal after Nijel Amos , 18 , who crossed the line in a national record seconds after Kenya 's David Rudisha smashed the world record in the men 's 800m . On the water , Pavlos Kontides , 22 , scored Cyprus ' first medal , again silver , in the men 's laser sailing . Double-amputee Oscar Pistorius made plenty of headlines , but his presence at the Games to compete against able-bodied athletes was a notable first for London . Pistorius , 25 , may have gone home without a medal in his 400m events , but he solidified his place as an inspiration to all , especially after accepting defeat with grace . "  I ca n't describe the feelings I 've had this past week . Thank you all for playing a part in one of the greatest weeks of my life ! " he tweeted . It was a great week too for women 's boxing , which made its debut at the Games , bringing 36 female boxers from 23 nations across three weight divisions to the ring . Ireland erupted when Katie Taylor , 26 , look home the gold in the women 's light  60 kg  . "  It 's what I 've always dreamed of . I 've envisaged this moment so many times before but it 's better than all my wildest dreams to be sitting here as Olympic champion as well as world and European champion , " she said . At just 17 , Claressa "  T-Rex " Shields from the U.S. won gold in the women 's middle  75kg  . And Britain 's Nicola Adams , 29 , defeated China 's Ren Cancan , 24 , to take gold in the fly  51kg  . And it was n't just boxing that turned the spotlight on female athletes . Qatar , Brunei Darussalam and Saudi Arabia allowed women to compete on their teams for the first time ever , making London the first Olympics represented by both women and men from all 205 participating nations . Read more : London 2012 : The women 's Olympics ? None of the women won medals but their presence alone was hailed as historic . Crowds cheered as Sarah Attar , a veiled 19-year-old from Saudi Arabia , finished last in her 800m run . "  It was such a huge honor to be asked to come ... I just think it could be something amazing for women in Saudi Arabia , " she said . It was n't a record-breaking performance , but 25-year-old Andy Murray 's defeat of Roger Federer , 31 , in the men 's tennis final was a long-awaited first for the Scot who had developed a reputation of "  always the bridesmaid , never the bride . " Spectators on Murray Mount went wild as their hero took gold , just one month after losing the Wimbledon final to the Swiss favorite . While pundits argued over whether U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps ' record-breaking medal haul in the pool made him to be "  the greatest Olympian ever , " other athletes left the Games with less than flattering claims to fame . Headlines screamed "  Oh Feck " after Germany 's Stephan Feck performed what some called the "  worst dive ever . " The 22-year-old scored a zero when his hands slipped from his legs during a forward somersault pike . Other athletes left London too with perhaps unwanted attention . Sixteen-year-old American gymnast McKayla Maroney inadvertantly launched an internet meme when she appeared cross-armed and scowling while on the podium to receive a silver medal in the women 's vault . Online tributes to Usain Bolt 's lightning pose spread like wildfire across the internet , but towards the end of the Games Mo Farah 's "  Mobot " was gaining traction after the Briton sealed gold in both the 5,000 and 10,000 meters . Olympic stars : What I ca n't live without The "  wall of noise " or "  wall of sound " made its debut at the London Olympics , a phrase used to describe the deafening cheers of the crowd during the 200 meter stretch of the rowing course at Dorney Lake . They may not have set any records -- yet -- but other London Olympians deserve a mention , including Manteo Mitchell , the American 4x400m relay runner who inexplicably finished his team 's heat despite running on a broken leg . "  Never thought that the phrase ` break a leg ' would reach reality for me lol , " he tweeted later . One of the most enduring images of the London Games could be the distraught face of South Korean fencer Shin A Lam as she sat weeping on the piste for more than an hour before officials confirmed that she had lost her match . The 25-year-old had appealed on the basis of a technical fault with the clock . Shin went on to lose the clash for bronze and later refused an offer of a "  special medal . " She later came back though to win silver with South Korea 's epee team . Japanese equestrian Hiroshi Hoketsu , 71 , may have been the oldest competitor at the London Olympics , but he 'd have to do it again before becoming the oldest Olympian ever . That title is held by Swedish shooter Oscar Swahn who contested the 1920 Games at the age of 72 . Hoketsu has all but ruled out competing at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio , not because he does n't want to but because , at 15 , his horse , Whisper , is too old . One of the final events of London 2012 could be considered its most inspiring yet . Among the field for the men 's marathon was 28-year-old "  lost boy " Guor Marial who fled civil war in Sudan for a new life in the U.S. Before the race , Marial dedicated his run to refugees worldwide . Officials allowed him to compete as an independent athlete under the Olympic flag because as a new nation South Sudan does not have an Olympic committee . The event was won by Stephen Kiprotich of Uganda in 2:08:01 . Marial placed 47th . Top swim coach : Australia ` getting soft ' During the past two weeks , new national heroes emerged . Australia may have disappointed in the pool , but on water the country 's sailors held their own . Malcolm Page won back-to-back gold medals in the 470 in London and Beijing , earning him the honor of carrying the Australian flag in the closing ceremony . Another sailor , Ben Ainslie was chosen to wave the Union Jack for Britain after becoming the most successful sailor in Olympic history . London 2012 legacy : Trust the British to get it right And finally , much has been made of the countries at the top of the leader board , but down the other end accomplishments must be noted and commended . Many countries leave the Olympic Games with just one bronze medal . Step forward Tajikistan  boxing  , Hong Kong  cycling  , Puerto Rico  hurdles  , Morocco  1500m  , Saudi Arabia  equestrian  , Afghanistan  taekwondo  and Kuwait  shooting  and a first medal ever for Bahrain , a bronze for Maryam Yusuf Jamal in the 1500m . Of course , many countries went home with nothing beyond the experience . Better luck next time in Rio . Opinion : London Olympics have redefined how Britain sees itself	Two weeks of Olympic sporting glory has resulted in some notable firsts Away from the headlines , many countries took home their first ever Olympic medals London 2012 was the first Games when women were allowed to represent all countries Double-amputee Oscar Pistorius led a long list of inspiring athletes to compete
CNN  -- On July 24 , 2008 , then-presidential candidate Barack Obama addressed tens of thousands of Germans on the avenue that leads from the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin . In a pointed reference to the outgoing administration of President George W. Bush , he promised a new era of "  allies who will listen to each other , who will learn from each other , who will , above all , trust each other . " One German present among the hugely enthusiastic crowd said the occasion reminded him of Berlin 's famous "  Love Parade . " No U.S. politician since John F. Kennedy had so captured Europeans ' imagination . Five years on , in the words of the song , it 's a case of "  After the Love Has Gone . " The U.S. ambassador in Berlin has been summoned to the foreign ministry over reports in Der Spiegel that the U.S. National Security Administration  NSA  monitored Chancellor Angela Merkel 's official cellphone . His counterpart in Paris received a similar summons earlier this week after revelations in Le Monde . Merkel says Europe 's trust must be repaired after U.S. spying claims Both Der Spiegel and Le Monde used documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Merkel 's spokesman , Steffen Seibert , lamented a "  grave breach of trust . " One of Chancellor Merkel 's closest allies , Defense Minister Thomas de Maiziere told broadcaster ARD there would be consequences . "  We ca n't simply turn the page , " he warned . Der Spiegel reported Thursday that Thomas Oppermann , who leads the parliamentary committee that scrutinizes Germany 's intelligence services , complained that "  the NSA 's monitoring activities have gotten completely out of hand , and take place beyond all democratic controls . " In an article for the forthcoming edition of Foreign Affairs magazine , Henry Farrell and Martha Finnemore argue that it 's the disclosure of such practices rather than their existence that is damaging . "  When these deeds turn out to clash with the government 's public rhetoric , as they so often do , it becomes harder for U.S. allies to overlook Washington 's covert behavior and easier for U.S. adversaries to justify their own , " they write . "  The U.S. government , its friends , and its foes can no longer plausibly deny the dark side of U.S. foreign policy and will have to address it head-on , " they argue . Among the Twitterati , #merkelphone has gained some traction , with the famous Obama motif "  Yes We Can " finding a new interpretation . And the European media has begun to debate whether the revelations provided by Edward Snowden to The Guardian and other newspapers will do to Obama 's image on the continent what the Iraq war did to that of President George W. Bush . Hyperbole perhaps , but the Obama administration is on the defensive , caught between fuller disclosure of just what the NSA has been up to and the need to protect intelligence-gathering methods . The president himself received what German officials describe as an angry call from Merkel Wednesday demanding assurances that there is no American eavesdropping on her conversations . The language out of the White House has been less than forthright , with spokesman Jay Carney saying that "  the president assured the chancellor that the United States is not monitoring , and will not monitor , the communications of the chancellor . " His careful avoidance of the past tense has heightened suspicions in Europe that only the Snowden disclosures have forced a change of practice . Even pro-U.S. newspapers like the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung are in full throttle , writing that : "  The government in Washington has apparently not yet understood the level of damage that continues to be caused by the activities of American intelligence agencies in Europe . " Le Monde reported that the NSA collected details of millions of phone calls made in France , and described it indignantly as "  intrusion , on a vast scale , both into the private space of French citizens as well as into the secrets of major national firms . " Mexico to summon U.S. ambassador over spying allegations French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault commented it was "  incredible that an allied country like the United States at this point goes as far as spying on private communications that have no strategic justification , no justification on the basis of national defense . " The U.S. Director of National Intelligence insisted in a curt statement that "  the allegation that the National Security Agency collected more than 70 million "  recordings of French citizens ' telephone data " is false . " But President Obama called his French counterpart , Francois Hollande , and the White House subsequently acknowledged the allegations had raised "  legitimate questions for our friends and allies . " The fall-out may be more than rhetorical . Germany 's opposition Social Democrats are asking whether the European Union can -- or should -- agree a free trade deal with the U.S. in the current atmosphere . Negotiations on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership were already in a fragile state and will not be helped by claims in Le Monde that large French corporations such as telecom company Alcatel-Lucent have been targeted by the NSA . The European parliament has always been prickly about data-sharing with the U.S. , and for years held up the U.S. Treasury 's efforts to use the SWIFT interbank apparatus to keep tabs on terrorists ' financial flows . The parliament this week passed a non-binding resolution calling for the agreement that was eventually reached to be suspended . And a parliamentary committee has agreed tough measures that would forbid U.S. companies providing data services in Europe to transfer the information to the U.S. without obtaining permission . The legislation must be agreed with member states , but for those hoping to get the provision deleted the wind is blowing in the wrong direction . Not unlike the WikiLeaks disclosures , reports based on the Snowden documents have caused embarrassment and friction around the world . President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil cancelled a visit to the United States after it was alleged that the NSA had intercepted her messages as well as communications from the state oil company , Petrobras , now one of the biggest players in the oil industry . Spiegel reported the U.S. had also accessed emails to and from former Mexican President Felipe CalderÃ ³ n while he was still in office . Obama , in his address to the U.N. General Assembly last month , tried to head off the gathering storm - saying : "  We 've begun to review the way that we gather intelligence , so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share . " U.S. spy chief says reports of NSA logging French phone calls are false And there is a hint in the U.S. response this week that , to borrow from Hamlet : "  The lady doth protest too much . " The NSA itself has made the point that "  the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . " The UK and France are among governments that run their own expansive technical programs . Der Spiegel reported -- again based on Snowden 's disclosures -- that the British equivalent of the NSA was involved in a cyber-attack against Belgium 's state-run telecommunications company , Belgacom . The company would only say that "  the intruder had massive resources , sophisticated means and a steadfast intent to break into our network . " The Europeans have been very grateful to share the benefits of the NSA 's immense data-gathering abilities in counter-terrorism and other fields . U.S. diplomatic cables disclosed by WikiLeaks show Germany was enthusiastic in 2009 and 2010 for closer links with the NSA to develop what is known as a High Resolution Optical System  HiROS  -- a highly advanced "  constellation " of reconnaissance satellites . One cable from the U.S. Embassy in Berlin said : "  Germany anticipates that their emergence as a world leader in overhead reconnaissance will generate interest from the USG and envisions an expansion of the intelligence relationship . " The 9/11 attacks changed espionage beyond recognition , leading to massive investment in the U.S. in "  technical means " -- the flagship of which is the enormous NSA data center being completed in Bluffdale , Utah . Its computing power , according to the specialist online publication govtech.com is "  equivalent to the capacity of 62 billion iPhone 5s . " But 9/11 also shifted the balance between intelligence-gathering and civil liberties , with the U.S. federal government acquiring new powers in the fight against terrorism -- some sanctioned by Congress but others ill-defined . The technology that allows such enormous data-harvesting can not be put back in the box , but the limits to its use pose an equally huge challenge . Ultimately , the Europeans need to collaborate with the U.S. on intelligence-gathering , to deal with international terrorism , cyber threats and organized crime . But the Snowden allegations , whether reported accurately or not , have changed the public perception and mood in Europe , obliging leaders like Merkel to take a tougher stand . At least there has been plenty of room for black humor amid the diplomatic back-and-forth . "  Earnest question : What do European leaders talk about that 's worth spying on ? " asked Politico 's Blake Hounshell on Twitter , while New York Times London bureau chief Steve Erlanger quipped : "  I 'm not sure I 'd want to listen in to Silvio Berlusconi 's cellphone . "	Allegations of surveillance by U.S. on European allies has strained relations U.S. ambassadors have been summoned in Paris and Berlin to explain actions Many are asking if EU can -- or should -- now agree free trade deal with the U.S. Snowden allegations changed mood in Europe , forcing leaders to take tougher line
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Authorities on Saturday identified a gunman killed by police after he opened fire at passing vehicles along a downtown street in Hollywood . But they said they do n't know why Tyler Brehm , 26 , went on a surreal shooting rampage captured on amateur video Friday . The video shows Brehm walking down Sunset Boulevard , wielding a handgun and firing at vehicles , seemingly at random . Brehm fired a "  significant number " of rounds , wounding three , police said . He then returned to an intersection , where he was confronted by a plainclothes police detective and an off-duty police officer working on a nearby movie set , officials said . "  At that point the police ordered him to drop his weapon and he pointed his gun at the police and an officer-involved shooting occurred , " police spokeswoman Sgt. Mitzi Fierro said on CNN . Brehm died at a nearby hospital , a police statement said . Christopher Johns filmed much of the five-minute scene from his apartment window and can be heard shouting at Brehm throughout . "  Why do n't you come up here ? " he yelled , later describing that he intended to distract the gunman . "  If people down there at point-blank range to the shooter were going to get shot , they were helpless to avoid being killed , " Johns told CNN . "  Me , I 'm four stories up . If I can take any of his attention and divert it towards me ... I would have an opportunity to get out of the way . " "  I 'm screaming anything I can " in an effort to disrupt the shooting , Johns said . At one point , Brehm spoke with Johns , asking him for ammunition and to call an ambulance . Fierro said it appeared Johns could interact with the suspect without jeopardizing his safety . "  It appears from the video that he was able to distract the suspect and keep him from shooting at additional people before the police arrived , " she said . Police have contacted Brehm 's family back east and are talking to acquaintances . "  So far we have n't been able to piece together really why he did it , " Fierro told CNN Saturday evening . Three people were injured during Friday 's incident , including one man in silver Mercedes-Benz sedan who was shot multiple times in the face and upper torso , Fierro said . Two others suffered minor injuries . The current status of the man in the car was unknown Saturday . "  We 're very fortunate that more people were n't injured during this incident , " Fierro said . Witnesses were stunned by the shooting rampage . "  A car drove by and he just shot right into the car , " Amy Torgeson told CNN affiliate KABC . "  He was just shooting everywhere . " Torgeson said vehicles began "  swerving and braking , " and she sought cover at a nearby bank .	NEW : Police do n't know why man fired from street NEW : Man who filmed , yelled at suspect may have prevented more injuries , police say Police killed the gunman , Tyler Brehm , 26 Christopher Johns filmed the scene from his apartment window
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Militants killed a driver of a container truck carrying supplies for NATO in Pakistan 's tribal region on Monday , a government official told CNN . Three gunmen in a car opened fire on the truck in the Jamrud area of Khyber Agency , a district in Pakistan 's tribal region bordering Afghanistan , said Bakhtiyar Khan , a government official in the district . Khan said three members of the truck crew were also injured in the incident as the vehicle moved towards the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack . Several anti-American militant groups , including the Taliban , are active in the region . Pakistan reopened routes into Afghanistan a month ago after closing it to NATO traffic in anger at the killing of 24 Pakistani troops by coalition forces . The Pakistani Taliban threatened to attack NATO trucks when the border reopened , saying the supplies are used to target its members fighting against occupation in Afghanistan . Taliban have attacked NATO supplies in the past , and killed drivers and other crew . On July 5 , trucks carrying supplies to NATO troops crossed from Pakistan into Afghanistan for the first time in seven months , officials said . Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants have to be trucked in from Pakistan . On July 3 , Islamabad decided to reopen the crucial supply routes shut down on November 27 , a day after coalition forces mistakenly killed the 24 Pakistani troops . The Pakistani routes offer a shorter and more direct path than ones through Russia and other countries which NATO was forced to use when the border was closed . It has cost the U.S. an extra $ 100 million a month to use the alternative northern routes . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	The driver of a container truck bringing NATO supplies to Afghanistan is killed Anti-American militants , including the Taliban , operate on the Pakistan-Afghanistan border No one has claimed responsibility for the shooting Pakistan reopened the border to NATO last month after a dispute
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A Thai appeals court ruled Friday that suspected international arms dealer Viktor Bout can be extradited to the United States . The court ruled that the extradition process must be completed within three months , otherwise Bout will be released . Bout was shackled in chains during Friday 's hearing . His wife and daughter were also in the courtroom . After the ruling , they stood up and cried . Bout has been indicted by U.S. federal authorities on a series of charges , including counts of illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East . In February , a federal indictment charged Bout and an alleged co-conspirator with the illegal purchase of a Boeing 727 and a Boeing 737 , money laundering and wire fraud . Thai courts had previously balked at extraditing Bout to the United States on the basis of the original charges against him , which centered on his alleged efforts to send millions of dollars worth of weapons to arm guerrilla fighters in Colombia . Bout was arrested in Bangkok in March 2008 after a dramatic sting operation led by agents of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency , posing as members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  . Widely regarded as a prolific arms dealer , Bout , has been in Thai custody since . Bout has repeatedly said he has not broken any laws and the allegations against him are lies . He is accused of supplying weapons to war zones around the world -- from Sierra Leone to Afghanistan . The United States charged Bout in 2008 with agreeing to sell surface-to-air missiles , armor-piercing rocket launchers , "  ultralight " airplanes , unmanned aerial vehicles , and other weapons to FARC . Justice Department officials have sought his extradition since then . Federal authorities accused Bout of four terrorism offenses : conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals , conspiracy to kill U.S. officers or employees , conspiracy to acquire and use an anti-aircraft missile , and conspiracy to provide material support or resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization , the designation given to FARC by the U.S. State Department . A former Soviet air force officer who speaks six languages , Bout allegedly began building his arms business as the Soviet Union disintegrated in the early 1990s . He acquired surplus Soviet planes and , according to the U.S. Treasury Department , started shipping arms and ammunition to various conflict zones . It is widely believed that he inspired the character of Yuri Orlov , the arms dealer played by Nicholas Cage in the 2005 film "  Lord of War . " Journalist James Hookway contributed to this report .	Viktor Bout is charged with conspiracy to sell weapons to guerrilla fighters , money laundering and wire fraud He has been in custody in Thailand since 2008 The court has ruled that he will be released if he is not extradited within three months
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Puerto Rico 's Gov. Luis Fortuno on Tuesday outlined a plan that would cut spending by $ 2 billion per year and slash government payrolls by what could be more than 30,000 workers , or 10 percent of the government 's work force . "  It 's up to us to confront the bitter reality that the government is bankrupt , " Gov. Luis Fortuno said Tuesday . "  It 's up to us to confront the bitter reality that the government is bankrupt , " he said in a televised address . The number of laid-off workers will depend on how many accept voluntary buyouts and how many agree to cut their hours , he said . "  But I am frank , " he said . "  The quantity could be significant and I fear they could exceed 30,000 workers . " Though he did not lay out a timetable , Fortuno prefaced his prediction by calling for "  immediate action " to emerge from a crisis that has left the government unable to pay its bills . The situation is dire , he said . "  Imagine that in June , the government stopped paying the light bill , " he said . "  Or the water and phone . " Failure to take quick action , he predicted , could delay recovery by a decade . "  Simply put , I am not going to permit it , " he said . Fortuno said his plan would slash government operations by 10 percent , cut his own salary by 10 percent , cut salaries of chiefs of agencies by 5 percent until 2010 , and freeze others ' salaries . He said since entering office two months ago , he discovered the fiscal deficit is four times greater than what he had been told -- or more than $ 3.2 billion , which translates into the highest per capita deficit figure in the nation . Failure to take immediate action would result in an unemployment rate above 10 percent in two years , he added . To achieve his "  reconstruction plan , " Fortuno said he was sending the Legislative Assembly proposals to inject money into the economy through public works and to resolve the fiscal crisis "  that has broken the government . " In addition to the $ 5 billion that Puerto Rico is to receive under the federal stimulus plan , Fortuno said he was submitting to the legislative assembly a plan for $ 500 million to provide benefits , carry out public works projects and create jobs . A stimulus package would invest $ 180 million to guarantee loans to small - and medium-sized businesses , he said . An additional $ 142.5 million would be for public works projects in the cities -- $ 100 million of which would go directly to mayors , he said . In addition , more than 106,000 pensioners making less than $ 20,000 per year will each get a voucher worth $ 300 , he said . More than 5,000 families that risk losing their homes because of lost jobs or lost income of 20 percent or more would be eligible for a program to reduce their monthly payments -- either by lowering their mortgage interest rates or lengthening the term of their loans , he said . "  Public-private alliances " will help ensure Puerto Rico 's port and highways have the money they need to keep working , he said . Fortuno said he would work to avoid increasing taxes on items that disproportionately affect the middle class , like gasoline and cellular phones . But he said he would impose a temporary 5 percent increase on income tax for corporations , banks , insurance companies and international banking entities as well as for individuals making more than $ 100,000 per year and couples making more than $ 150,000 per year . The only permanent tax increase will be levied on cigarettes , wine and beer , he said . "  Simply put , the government has to shrink , " he said . "  I know that this plan is painful , but we have no alternative . " Some union representatives said the plan was gruesome and called for a series of protests this week . Most of the syndicates had negotiated collective agreements with the former governor . Fortuno argued that those agreements may not be honored since the agencies that negotiated them failed to identify where the money was to come from . Journalist Nuria Sebazco contributed to this story from San Juan , Puerto Rico	Gov. Luis Fortuno wants to cut spending by $ 2 billion , cut government jobs Fortuno : "  It 's up to us to confront the bitter reality that the government is bankrupt " Fortuno : "  I fear they could exceed 30,000 " government job cuts " Fortuno : Without immediate action , unemployment could top 10 percent in 2 years
CNN  The killing of an employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina , may have been a hate crime , authorities said Tuesday . Investigators are looking into the possibility , said Goldsboro police Sgt. Jeremy Sutton . He did not explain what may have made it a hate crime . The victim -- Ron Lane , whom officials said was a longtime employee and the school 's print shop operator -- was white , as is the suspect . Lane 's relatives said he was gay , CNN affiliate WNCN reported . The suspect , Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , worked with Lane as part of a work-study program , but was let go from the program in early March due to poor attendance , college President Kay Albertson said Tuesday . On Monday , Stancil walked into the print shop on the third floor of a campus building , aimed a pistol-grip shotgun and fired once , killing Lane , according to Sutton . Stancil has tattoos on his face . Sutton said investigators are looking into whether he is part of a white supremacist gang . He has no previous criminal record , authorities said . Sutton said Stancil fled on a motorcycle after the shooting and ultimately abandoned it in a highway median . Then , Stancil continued on to Daytona , Florida , but authorities do n't know how he traveled , Sutton said . He was arrested just after 1 a.m. Tuesday , after he was found sleeping on a beach , about 550 miles  885 kilometers  from Goldsboro . Volusia County Beach Patrol had approached him for violating the city 's ordinance against sleeping on the beach . He had a knife , police said . He was taken into custody without incident . Authorities in North Carolina expect to bring him back to face charges . Wayne Community College , a two-year school , has a student population of 3,837 , according 2013 figures from the National Center for Education Statistics . Slightly more than half the students are part-time . Crime statistics from the center 's website show no killings , assaults , robberies or motor vehicle thefts between 2011 and 2013 . There were three arrests for illegal weapons possession in 2012 and three in 2013 .	Relatives of Wayne Community College shooting victim say he was gay , local media report The suspect had worked for the victim but was let go , college president says The suspect , Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , was found sleeping on a Florida beach and arrested
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo struck a last-minute winner to settle an absorbing Uefa Champions League contest as Spanish champions Real Madrid beat their English counterparts Manchester City 3-2 in the Santiago Bernabeu . Defeat was cruel on the visitors who looked set to end Madrid 's remarkable record of never having lost an opening match at home in the Champions League and its forerunner , the European Cup , as City led 2-1 with three minutes left to play . Yet the Old Masters of Europe , who won the inaugural tournament in 1956 and whose tally of nine titles is unsurpassed , displayed all their experience as they finally sunk a team whose continental ambitions are being propelled by the wealth of Abu Dhabi-based owner Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan . Despite an injection of over # 1.6 billion into the club in the last four years and taking the lead through substitute Edin Dzeko after 68 minutes , the Premier League side came away empty handed . After 76 minutes , Brazilian left back Marcelo equalized as his shot from the edge of the penalty area deflected off former Real Madrid player Javi Garcia before flying past City goalkeeper Joe Hart . The visitors thought they had won the game five minutes from time as a well struck free kick from Aleksandar Kolarov evaded a number of bodies in the box before creeping inside the far post . Madrid -- whose manager Jose Mourinho had publicly questioned his players ' commitment before the match after the team 's poor start to the Spanish league -- had other ideas as Karim Benzema fired home a fine goal before Ronaldo 's last-minute strike somehow evaded both Hart and his centre back Vincent Kompany . In the other Group D tie , Germany 's Borussia Dortmund -- whose sole Champions League triumph came in 1997 -- eventually put home advantage to good use as they sunk four time winners Ajax Amsterdam 1-0 . The hosts had to wait until the 87th minute for their goal as Polish striker Robert Lewandowski crashed home from close range -- to ensure that the evening was not remembered for the missed penalty by teammate Mats Hummels just before the hour . Another team whose fortunes have been revived by the input of enormous wealth from the Middle East enjoyed a far more comfortable night as Paris Saint Germain beat the Ukraine 's Dynamo Kiev 4-1 in the French capital . PSG had not appeared in Europe 's leading club competition since making a tame group stage exit in 2004 but last year 's purchase of the club by the Qatar Sports Investment group soon changed that unwanted record . The Qataris spent # 112 million on players in the summer and two of their headline arrivals -- Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Brazilian defender Thiago Silva -- scored in a convincing Group A victory . Ibrahimovic converted a penalty to become the first player to score for six different clubs in the Champions League and shortly after , Silva -- who was making his debut after becoming the most expensive player in French football history  joining from AC Milan in a # 34m move  -- doubled the lead . Silva 's compatriot Alex added another after 32 minutes and although Miguel Veloso pulled one back for the visitors late on , Javier Pastore added the gloss to the win with a stoppage time strike . In the day 's other Group A game , Portugal 's two time winners Porto won 2-0 at Dinamo Zagreb of Croatia thanks to goals from Lucho Gonzalez and Steven Defour . Despite spending nearly # 100m on just two players in the closing stages of the transfer window , Russians Zenit St Petersburg started their Group C campaign with a 3-0 defeat at Malaga . The Spanish side have encountered a troubled financial period in recent times after owner Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Al-Thani , whose riches had turned the club from La Liga also-rans to Champions League debutants in just two years , suspended his injection of cash into the club . After a failure to pay wages , players such as Spain 's double European champion Santi Cazorla and Dutch defender Joris Mathiksen left the club -- but locally born Alarcon Isco made light of their absences with two stunning strikes either side of a Javier Saviola tap in . Zenit , whose big-money purchases of Brazilian striker Hulk  who played  and Belgian midfielder Alex Witsel  who did not  were largely enabled by hefty backing from Russian company Gazprom , lie bottom of Group C after seven time champions AC Milan could only draw 0-0 at home to Belgian visitors Anderlecht . Elsewhere , Montpellier -- who were also making their Champions League debut -- went down 2-1 at home to Arsenal , the English side making their 15th consecutive appearance in the group stage of the competition . Highly rated Moroccan midfielder Younes Belhanda gave the French champions an early lead with a confident penalty but the Gunners staged a turnaround as quick as it was dramatic . After 16 minutes , Olivier Giroud -- who was returning to a club where his 21 league goals last season were crucial to Montpellier 's first title -- teed up Lukas Podolski to slot home before Gervinho completed the scoring just two minutes later . Montpellier were unlucky not to win a penalty after Abou Diaby felled Remi Cabella , but Arsenal held on to go top of Group B with Germans Schalke 04 , who beat Olympiakos 2-1 in Greece with goals from Benedikt Howedes and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar .	Real Madrid beat Man City 3-2 at home after last minute Ronaldo strike New boys Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Thiago Silva net as PSG rout Dynamo Kiev 4-1 Olivier Giroud fails to score on Montpellier return despite Arsenal 's 2-1 win Seven-time champions AC Milan open with lacklustre goalless draw at home to Anderlecht of Belgium
Washington  CNN  -- Will pot politics push Florida Democrat Charlie Crist to victory on his quest to regain the governor 's mansion ? That 's what some Democrats are hoping . Polls show Crist and his GOP rival , current Gov. Rick Scott , are neck-and-neck . A Quinnipiac University survey released Monday has Crist at 42 % , Scott with 41 % , Libertarian candidate Adrian Wyllie with 7 % , and 9 % of likely voters still undecided . Public Policy Polling released Sunday had the Crist and Scott at 44 % each . Crist 's law partner , John Morgan , spent millions to get an amendment to legalize medical marijuana on the ballot on Tuesday -- a move some say was meant to help Crist win by boosting turnout from Democratic-leaning groups . "  Democrats in Florida privately hope that having a medical marijuana initiative on the ballot can bring out a set of voters who are n't otherwise likely to vote in a midterm election , " said Reid Wilson , a Washington Post reporter who closely follows state politics . "  It 's very political calculation and one that frankly Charlie Crist 's allies have put a lot of money into . " In a sign of a growing trend , 23 states and the District of Columbia have already legalized medical marijuana . Florida is not the only state where pot is on the ballot this year -- voters in Alaska , Oregon and Washington , D.C. , have a chance on Tuesday to approve measures legalizing recreational use of marijuana , following in the footsteps of pot pioneers Washington and Colorado , where weed has proved to be big business . State records show marijuana sales brought in an average of roughly $ 332,000 a month to Colorado communities in the first eight months of the year . There has been some big money behind the ballot battle in the Sunshine State . According to the Center for Public Integrity , an estimated $ 4.7 million has been spent on television ads supporting both sides of the debate . Most of that money -- $ 3.9 million -- has been spent by opponents of the ballot measure , who are financed in large part by conservative casino magnate Sheldon Adelson . In contrast , after a massive effort to get the measure on the ballot , Morgan and his supporters have spent just $ 828,800 on television ads urging voters to pass the amendment -- a disadvantage that could prove decisive in a race that will come down to the wire . That means it could be anybody 's game . Holder ` cautiously optimistic ' on legal pot "  The campaign against -LSB- the amendment -RSB- has been pretty aggressive and I think pretty effective based on the polls so there are a lot of people who are now actually kind of mobilizing to vote against medical marijuana initiative , because they think it 's just problematic , too many loopholes , too easy for people to basically be selling marijuana out in the open , " said Adam Smith , the political editor of the Tampa Bay Times . "  So there 's at least some speculation that rather than driving young people who are inclined to vote for it to the polls , it 's going to motivate people who are against it to turn out which could help Rick Scott . The amendment needs 60 % to pass and while many polls show strong support for the initiative , it is not clear that there is enough to pass it -- a sign that Democrats ' high hopes the ballot measure could sway the race for their guy could go up in smoke . Write-in candidate smokes what she says is marijuana in political ad	Polls show Democrat Charlie Crist and his Republican Rick Scott are neck-and-neck Scott is the current governor of Florida , Crist is former governor Observers say Democrats are hoping a medical marijuana initiative could help Crist It could "  bring out a set of voters  not  likely to vote in a midterm election , " says a reporter
CNN  One of the strangest right-wing conspiracies is that Barack Obama is not really a Christian . It 's strange because the President has missed few opportunities to inject Christianity into his rhetoric -- to an extent that really ought to irritate his more radical liberal allies . Yet all his talk about being "  brought to Christ " has done little to bring conservatives to him . On the contrary , this week they responded to Obama 's remarks at the National Prayer Breakfast with righteous anger . The President used the occasion to warn against the distortion of faith for the sake of promoting violence . Few would disagree with that , but Obama upped the stakes by reminding the audience that Christians could be just as guilty of this as Islamists -- name-dropping the Crusades , Inquisition and Jim Crow as examples . The President urged listeners to recognize the role that doubt can play in faith , embracing humility and rejecting the idea that "  somehow we alone are in possession of the truth . " "  The President 's comments this morning at the prayer breakfast are the most offensive I 've ever heard a president make in my lifetime , " said Jim Gilmore , former Republican governor of Virginia . "  Barack Obama is not , in any meaningful way , a Christian , " wrote Erick Erickson at RedState.com . "  Christ himself is truth . When we possess Christ , we possess truth . The President is a moral relativist . " I am reminded of The Onion 's reporting of an imaginary speech in which Obama urges the Democratic Party to "  destroy Jesus and usher in a new age of liberal darkness that shall reign o'er the Earth for a thousand years . " No , Obama is not the anti-Christ . But conservative Christian skepticism about his religion is justifiable . From the perspective of the religious right , his faith is contradicted by his policies : How can a Christian support same-sex marriage or say "  Thank you , Planned Parenthood . God bless you " when it is an organization that provides abortion services ? If his rejection of natural law infuriates Catholics , some conservatives have identified a lack of commitment to the principle of American exceptionalism and , therefore , to its associated dream of building "  a shining city upon a hill . " If you believe that God intervenes directly in the lives of individuals and nations  as did Benjamin Franklin  , then the blessings enjoyed by the United States are not an accident but providence . Hence , Barack Obama 's suggestion earlier in his presidency that exceptionalism is not necessarily exceptional to America , validates the accusation that , in the words of Gilmore , he "  does not believe in America or the values we all share . " Just as controversial are the President 's claims that one does not necessarily achieve salvation through Christ alone  that there is more than one "  path to grace "  or that Christianity is stained by some sort of historical sin of political manipulation . But if Barack Obama contradicts one faith tradition in America , he is in tune with another . There is a modernist , post - '60s brand of Christianity that places an emphasis upon man as broken and in need of healing . This is a difficult process because , I and others would argue , that part of our "  broken state " involves being disconnected from God , and it 's this disconnection that leads to sin . Said the President at the breakfast : "  We should assume humbly that we 're confused and do n't always know what we 're doing and we 're staggering and stumbling towards -LSB- God -RSB- , and have some humility in that process . " By acknowledging what we do n't know about God and focusing upon improving our human relationships here on Earth , says the modernist Christian , we become fuller human beings and fuller Christians . Perhaps we can be redeemed through social action , while our understanding of the truth begins by acknowledging that we were n't born with ownership of it . Maybe it 's OK to be gay ? Maybe Allah is just another way of saying "  God " ? Back in 2004 , State Sen. Obama explained , "  I 'm suspicious of too much certainty in the pursuit of understanding just because I think people are limited in their understanding . " This take on faith dominates in English Anglicanism and its American Episcopalian branch . Personally , I do n't much like it . As a Catholic , I believe that the truth is contained in the Bible and is lived through communion in the Catholic Church -- and all this talk of humility is navel-gazing in a world crying out for the Good News : that Jesus has died for its sins and offers a shot at heaven for those willing to trust in him . I also think that politically empowering this brand of Christianity has not always been best for the United States , either . Barack Obama 's rejection of American exceptionalism is reasonable and sometimes has helped avoid reckless intervention . But it has also reduced the United States ' self-confidence and weakened the ability of the West to provide moral leadership . The cost is counted in the caliphates that flourish in Nigeria and the Middle East -- places where an appeal to humility is a nice idea but never going to catch on . While the Judeo-Christian West is busy being modest , its Islamist enemies brim with self-assurance . But I would n't deny that Obama is a Christian , belongs to a valid and probably growing strain of Christianity , and that he is in fact one of the most interesting religious thinkers to inhabit the White House for a very long time . The challenge faced by conservatives is surely not to brand him un-American but rather to answer his specific points in a manner that asserts that our brand of Christianity is just as compassionate and intellectually rigorous . Among Christians , surely , humility is a blessing .	Timothy Stanley : Obama riled right at prayer breakfast by invoking Crusades , Inquisition to show danger of violence used to advance faith Stanley : It 's wrong to say Obama not Christian , but the humility of his approach weakens the West 's moral leadership
CNN  -- The mother of late "  Glee " actor Cory Monteith has opened up for the first time about the death of her son . Monteith 's mother , Ann McGregor , sat down with ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Thursday , saying that she 's only recently been able to come to terms with Monteith 's passing . On July 13 , 2013 , Monteith was found dead in a Vancouver hotel room at age 31 . A coroner later ruled he died from a lethal mix of heroin and alcohol . It has been within only the past few days , McGregor said , that she 's "  beginning to accept it . " "  The loss is horrendous , " McGregor told "  GMA . " "  Until three days ago , I could n't look at a picture of Cory . So there 's been progress . " McGregor has kept in touch with Monteith 's on-and-off-screen love interest , Lea Michele , and said the actress reaches out to her via text messages and e-mails . "  She 's hurting , too , " McGregor said . "  I see the sadness ; I know her pain . " Monteith , who came to fame on Fox 's "  Glee " as the affable jock Finn Hudson , had a known history of substance abuse . He said in a 2011 interview with Parade magazine that he began using drugs at age 13 , and by 19 , he was sent to rehab . Three months before his death in 2013 , Monteith voluntarily checked himself into a treatment center to seek help for substance abuse . Looking back , Monteith 's mother said her son was struggling with "  a lot of emotional things he was trying to figure out , " including his relationship with his father . When "  Cory was 15 , he did a code blue . I think that was the turning point , " McGregor told "  GMA . " "  I remember after Cory 's first OD , the drive we took . All I did was stare into his eyes and hug him and look at him , because I had this feeling  of  , ' I really want to know him , because I 'm not going to have him my entire life . ' " For those in similar situations who would look to McGregor for advice , she responded that she is n't sure she has the answers . "  I do n't think we have power to change the choices they 're making , " she said . "  I think with the kind of connection Cory and I had , if we could n't prevent that situation , I do n't have the answer . What could I say to them ? Live every moment . "	The mother of "  Glee " actor Cory Monteith appears on "  Good Morning America " She talks about how she 's coping with the loss of her son Monteith died at 31 in July 2013 from a toxic mix of heroin and alcohol
EW.com  -- In the Day 1 press conference to open the 2013 Sundance Film Festival , Robert Redford struck back at a conservative Utah group that suggested last week that the state should reconsider its funding of Sundance because the festival 's liberal leanings did not reflect the state 's values . "  Sometimes the narrowest mind barks the loudest , and we 've over time come to ignore it , " said Redford , who also reminded Utahans of the $ 80 million the festival attracts each year to the local economy . "  We 're also offering a wide spectrum of choices . It 's up to the audience to choose ... So I would just say to these people -- we either ignore them or remind them that it 's a free country and maybe they should look at the Constitution . " But Redford , who took questions alongside Sundance Institute executive director Keri Putnam and Festival director John Cooper did acknowedge that the entire Hollywood industry might need to reexamine the way it treats and markets gun violence , especially in the aftermath of the Newtown shooting . ` NCIS ' First Look : Meet Abby as a kid ! Citing a pair of roadside movie billboards that featured prominent positioning of firearms , Redford , who once famously played the Sundance Kid , said , "  My thought was -LSB- as I drove by -RSB- , does my industry think that guns will help sell tickets . I do n't know . It 's not a question that I could answer . But it seems like a question worth asking my own industry . Maybe there 's a reason that -- maybe yes . I do n't know but it seems fair because I 've noticed how often guns are used in ads as though there 's something that translates in a positive way . " The trio also discussed the Institute 's national and international outreach , seemingly doubling down on its "  cultural exchange " in London but slamming the door on rumors that Sundance had eyes on a Brooklyn-based outpost . "  There 's no truth to it , " said Redford , who expressed frustration with the initial media report . "  I would be uncomfortable pushing our way into some place , " he said . "  It 's better to be invited . " ` HIMYM ' : New Robin Sparkles photo This year , the festival features 51 first-time filmmakers from 32 different countries , and there are as many female directors as male in the dramatic competition . Redford pointed to the festival 's ability to "  flow with " and "  accomodate " social , cultural , and technological change as one of its most enduring strengths . " -LSB- Sundance -RSB- is not meant to be commercial ; it 's meant to be diverse , " he said . " The nice thing is that we 're still here -LSB- after 30 years -RSB- and diversity has proven to be commercial . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Redford struck back at a group that suggested the state should reconsider funding Sundance Redford : "  Sometimes the narrowest mind barks the loudest " Redford took questions alongside executive director Putnam and festival director Cooper The trio also discussed the Institute 's national and international outreach
CNN  -- Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon will be sidelined for three months following successful back surgery in Milan . The Juventus player underwent the operation on Sunday to repair a herniated disc in his back , and said afterwards he is in no hurry to return to action . "  I feel relieved now , " Buffon told Juventus ' official website . "  The intervention went well and this gives me faith and serenity . I must not hurry . "  I need to take the due time to come back with no trouble and no risk of recurrence . " The 32-year-old suffered the injury in Italy 's opening World Cup match against Paraguay in Group F , which forced him to miss the rest of the tournament in South Africa . The world champions suffered without Buffon , finishing bottom of the group as they failed to make it past the first round of the competition . Buffon , who has won the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year award a record nine times , is looking forward to working with new Italy manager Cesare Prandelli , who replaces the departed Marcello Lippi . "  Considering my role , I think my career is still a long one and without the hernia I would have been able to lengthen it further , " Buffon told Italian newspaper La Repubblica . "  My future with the national team ? I believe I deserve my place . "  I 've had Prandelli as a rival coach since my youth years and I knew back then that he has an exceptional rapport with his players . He is part of the group and I think that is very important . " Buffon , who has 102 caps , will replace Fabio Cannavaro as Italy 's captain once he is fit again following the defender 's retirement from international duty after the World Cup exit . He was previously national skipper at Euro 2008 when Cannavaro was ruled out by injury . Meanwhile , Juventus announced the season-long loan signing of Udinese defender Marco Motta on Monday . The 24-year-old , who spent last season at Roma as part of a co-ownership agreement , has been training with his new teammates in Pinzolo since Saturday ahead of the move . The Turin club has the option to buy the right-back at the end of the loan deal .	Italy star Gianluigi Buffon aims for a successful recovery following a back operation Goalkeeper played only one game at World Cup due to a herniated disc He has been appointed Italy 's next captain by new coach Cesare Prandelli Juventus announce the season-long loan signing of Marco Motta from Udinese
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Two light rail transit cars collided Saturday in San Francisco , causing multiple injuries , but none appeared life-threatening , a rail system spokesman said . Medical personnel treat the injured Saturday at West Portal Station , where a light rail car hit another . "  Apparently the conductor for one of the trains miscalculated a turn . It 's still under investigation right now , " a police officer told CNN . He would not provide his name . At least 44 people were injured , a fire official said . None of the injuries was extremely serious , said Leslie Dubbin , administrator for operations at San Francisco General Hospital . "  There were no fatalities and everybody looks good . " The cars are part of the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency , commonly called Muni . Initial reports indicated a one-car train traveling at low speed collided with a stopped one-car train , Muni spokesman Judson True said in a written statement . The accident occurred on the outbound platform of West Portal Station , he said . As of 2:57 p.m.  5:57 p.m. ET  , all Muni Metro light rail service that travels through West Portal Station in either direction was halted , he said . Watch scenes from the collision site " "  There are reportedly multiple injuries as a result of the collision , but none of the injuries have yet been described as life-threatening , " Judson said . Shuttle buses were providing substitute service between West Portal and Castro stations and West Portal Station and western destinations for the K/T , L and M Muni Metro lines . There was no estimated time for the resumption of normal Muni service .	Conductor miscalculated a turn , police officer says No life-threatening injuries reported , Muni spokesman says Collision occurred at West Portal Station , spokesman says Service disrupted on K/T , L and M lines
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Top Bush administration officials are shifting into damage-control mode after a House committee narrowly approved a resolution that labels the killings of Armenians in Turkey during World War I as "  genocide . " The House Foreign Affairs Committee passed the measure 27-21 Wednesday evening , even though President Bush and key figures lobbied hard against it . The Web site of Turkish President Abdullah Gul carried a statement calling the decision "  unacceptable , " saying it "  does n't fit a major power like the United States . " State Department spokesman Sean McCormack issued a statement expressing "  regret " for the committee 's action , warning the resolution "  may do grave harm to U.S.-Turkish relations and to U.S. interests in Europe and the Middle East . " The nonbinding House resolution says the deportation of nearly 2 million Armenians from the Ottoman Empire between 1915 and 1923 , resulting in the deaths of 1.5 million of them , amounted to "  genocide . " Turks strongly reject the genocide label , insisting there was no organized campaign against the Armenians and that many Turks also died in the chaos and violence of the period . Turkish officials had warned approval of the resolution could jeopardize U.S. relations with their country , a NATO member that has been a key U.S. ally in the Middle East and a conduit for sending supplies into Iraq . Undersecretary of State Nick Burns said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice would call the Turkish leadership Thursday to express "  deep disappointment " with the vote . Watch why Rice and Gates oppose the resolution " "  We want to convey to the Turkish people and the Turkish government a message of respect and a message of support for them and the hope we can continue to work together with them , " Burns said . The president , Rice and Defense Secretary Robert Gates all warned against passing the resolution . "  We all deeply regret the tragic suffering of the Armenian people that began in 1915 . This resolution is not the right response to those historic mass killings , " Bush said at the White House . Rice and Gates said Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military officer in Iraq ; U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker ; and Adm. William Fallon , head of the U.S. Central Command , also raised concerns about the resolution . Gates said good relations with Turkey are vital because 70 percent of the air cargo intended for U.S. forces in Iraq and 30 percent of the fuel consumed by those forces flies through Turkey . U.S. commanders , Gates said , "  believe clearly that access to airfields and roads and so on in Turkey would very much be put at risk if this resolution passes and the Turks react as strongly as we believe they will . " Nabi Sensoy , Turkey 's ambassador to the United States , said the resolution 's passage would be a "  very injurious move to the psyche of the Turkish people . " He predicted a "  backlash " in the country , saying there would be setbacks on several fronts : Turkish-American relations , Turkish-Armenian relations and the normalization of relations between the nations of Turkey and Armenia . But House Democratic leaders said earlier if the Foreign Affairs Committee passed the resolution , they intended to bring it to the House floor . The resolution 's sponsor , Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , said the measure already had 226 co-sponsors , more than enough votes to pass "  and the most support an Armenian genocide resolution has ever received . " The resolution calls on the president "  to ensure that the foreign policy of the United States reflects appropriate understanding and sensitivity concerning issues related to human rights , ethnic cleansing and genocide documented in the United States record relating to the Armenian genocide , and for other purposes . " A similar resolution passed the committee by a 40-7 vote two years ago , but it never reached the full House floor . House Republican leader John Boehner , noting the critical military and strategic alliance with Turkey , said bringing the resolution to the floor would be "  totally irresponsible . " "  Let the historians decide what happened 90 years ago , " Boehner said in a written statement . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Majority Leader Steny Hoyer met with Turkish officials in Pelosi 's office Wednesday morning . Hoyer said he and Pelosi informed the officials that they support the resolution . Hoyer said he told officials that while he considers Turkey a strong ally , "  this was about another government at another time . " "  I believe that our government 's position is clear -- that genocide was perpetrated against the Armenian people approximately 90 years ago and during the course of the First World War . And I believe that remembering that , noting that , is important so that we not paper over or allow the Ahmadinejads of the next decade or decades to deny a fact , " Hoyer said . The term genocide is defined in dictionary.com as "  the deliberate and systematic extermination of a national , racial , political , or cultural group . " But the description is hotly disputed in Turkey , the predominantly Muslim , but modern and secular , pro-Western ally of the United States . Turks argue that all peoples -- Armenians and Turks -- suffered during the warfare . But Armenians maintain there was an organized genocide by the Ottoman Turkish authorities , and have been campaigning across the world for official recognition of the genocide . The resolution arrives at a particularly sensitive juncture in U.S.-Turkish relations . The United States has urged Turkey not to send its troops over the border into northern Iraq to fight Kurdish separatist rebels , who have launched some cross-border attacks against Turkish targets . Observers of U.S.-Turkish relations have argued the House resolution could make Turkey less inclined to use restraint in dealing with its longstanding problems with the Kurdistan Workers Party . "  The United States has a compelling historical and moral reason to recognize the Armenian genocide , which cost a million and a half people their lives , " Schiff said . "  But we also have a powerful contemporary reason as well . How can we take effective action against the genocide in Darfur if we lack the will to condemn genocide whenever and wherever it occurs ? " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Elise Labott and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Rice to call Turkish leaders to express "  deep disappointment " with vote House panel approves Armenian genocide resolution with 27-21 vote Decision called "  unacceptable " in statement on Web site of Turkey 's president House resolution calls killing of Armenians during World War I "  genocide "
The turmoil in Ukraine has swept aside its president , brought about the release a prominent opposition leader and raised fears the country could break apart . After the bloodshed in the streets of Kiev last week -- the deadliest violence Ukraine has suffered since its independence 22 years ago -- the political twists and turns came thick and fast over the weekend . As a new week begins , uncertainty has taken a hold in the divided nation as Ukraine tries to reshape its political landscape . An arrest warrant has been issued for ousted President Viktor Yanukovych over the killings of civilians , a government official said Monday . But officials do n't know where he is . Here 's what you need to know to get caught up : Who 's in charge ? It depends whom you ask . The Parliament voted to oust Yanukovych , a key demand of protesters . It appointed seasoned lawmaker Oleksandr Turchinov as a new speaker who will take on Yanukovych 's duties until new elections in May . Turchinov , a longtime ally of opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko , has promised a new interim government by Tuesday . "  We have a legitimate source of authority in Kiev , which is the democratically elected Parliament and a democratically , constitutionally elected speaker of parliament , who is acting president , " Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski , who helped broker a peace deal between the government and the opposition , said on CNN 's Fareed Zakaria GPS . But Yanukovych claims he 's still in charge , saying he was forced to leave Kiev because of a "  coup . " "  I do n't plan to leave the country . I do n't plan to resign . I am the legitimate President , " he said Saturday in a televised broadcast . But acting Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said Monday that arrest warrant has been issued for Yanukovych . "  As of this morning , a criminal case on mass killings of civilians has been opened . Yanukovych and several other officials have been placed on the wanted list , " Avakov wrote Monday on his Facebook page . Where exactly is Yanukovych ? Unclear . He made his TV broadcast from Kharkiv , a pro-Russian stronghold near the border . And he reportedly tried to board a charter plane Saturday night in the eastern city of Donetsk , but was turned away because he did n't have the right papers . On Sunday , he was staying at his private residence in Balaklava in the southern region of Crimea , Avakov said , adding that Yanukovych is believed to traveling in three vehicles with his chief of staff . But Avakov said he does n't know where Yanukovych was Monday . He 's definitely not in his lavish presidential compound near Kiev that thousands of Ukrainians have now been able to explore after he fled . People have been roaming around the mansion and its vast grounds , staring at the opulence in which Yanukovych lived , including peacocks , vintage cars and a huge galleon-style riverboat for parties . Does the former president have any support left ? His political party appears to have turned against him , saying it blames him for the "  robbery and deception " of the nation . It accused Yanukovych of making illegal orders that led to casualties , financial debt and shame in the eyes of the world . But it 's notable that Yanukovych was recently in Kharkiv , in eastern Ukraine . It 's his traditional support base and a predominantly Russian-speaking region . People in the east , the country 's industrial heartland , tend to look to Russia as Ukraine 's key ally . Many of them are suspicious of the Europe-leaning views of those in western Ukraine , who were at the heart of the protests against Yanukovych that filled central Kiev for months . The demonstrations began after Yanukovych scrapped a European Union trade deal and turned toward Russia for financial support . Does this mean Ukraine is in danger of splitting ? A lot of people with Russian heritage in eastern Ukraine feel that their cultural identity is under threat with the pro-European side in the ascendancy in Kiev . "  I think that divide goes very , very deep -- it 's regional , it 's linguistic , it 's religious , " New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof , whose father grew up in Ukraine , told CNN 's Zakaria . In many parts of Ukraine , people have toppled statues of former Russian communist leader Vladimir Lenin , a founder of the Soviet Union . The statues are symbols of Russian pride . In Kharkiv , a tense rift has opened up between those who want to tear down the city 's Lenin statue , one of the biggest in the country , and those who want to keep it . Some analysts say they fear parts of eastern Ukraine could push to break away from a pro-Western government in Kiev in favor of Russia . The task for Yanukovych 's opponents is to chart a course for Ukraine that keeps all sides on board . "  They need to be inclusive , " said Poland 's Sikorski . Acting President Turchinov said Sunday that Ukraine is ready to talk to Kremlin to try to improve relations , but made clear that Kiev 's return to European integration would be a priority . How has Russia reacted to the political change ? Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , condemned what he called Western attempts to influence the outcome of the turmoil in Ukraine . "  Either they do n't understand the consequences of what they 're doing , or they 're engaged in a very provocative game of destabilizing Ukraine and therefore Eastern Europe , " he said in a post on his official Twitter account . The Russian foreign ministry says it has recalled its ambassador from Ukraine to Moscow for consultations , citing "  the aggravation of the situation . " Everybody 's waiting to see what Russian President Vladimir Putin , a key backer of Yanukovych , does next . "  If you look through Putin 's eyes specifically , this is his area of interest , " said David Remnick , the editor of The New Yorker and a former foreign correspondent in Moscow . Putin , whose country just finished hosting the Winter Olympics in Sochi , wo n't quietly let Ukraine shift into a Western orbit , Remnick said . "  I think Putin is in a very tough , assertive mode and it has nothing to do with snowboarding , it has to do with his geostrategic , regional interests , " he said . "  It has to do with differentiating himself from the West , morally as well as politically , and I think he 's a very tough figure to deal with now . " What is the U.S. stance ? National Security Adviser Susan Rice warned that it "  would be a grave mistake " if Putin intervened militarily in the crisis . "  The United States is on the side of the Ukrainian people , " she said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " The people expressed themselves peacefully , she said , and Yanukovych "  turned on " the people by using violence against them . But Washington has a delicate task getting involved in a crisis in an area that Russia sees as its backyard . "  This is really complicated for us , " Remnick said . On Sunday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry spoke with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov about Ukraine , expressing support for the results of the Parliament 's decisions and asking Russia not to not use military force in the country , according to a senior State Department official . The State Department has warned U.S. citizens to defer all non-essential travel to Ukraine . Poland 's Sikorski , meanwhile , urged Ukrainian leaders to keep dialogue open with Moscow . "  The new Ukrainian government needs to be in touch , needs to have a conversation with Russia , which is an important neighbor , just like Poland , " he said . "  Because , apart from anything else , Ukraine needs the lower gas price and does n't want Russia to play the separatist card . " Who 's likely to lead Ukraine next ? There are plenty of candidates but no clear favorite yet . Turchinov , who Parliament appointed acting leader , is at the helm until elections on May 25 . The anti-Yanukovych coalition is fractious , full of different voices . "  The challenge for the opposition moving forward from here is going to be maintaining unity , " said CNN correspondent Phil Black . Who 's who in Ukraine Former world champion heavyweight boxer Vitali Klitschko has been the most well-known opposition figure during the crisis . He heads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party . There 's also Arseniy Yatsenyuk , a former foreign minister . What about Tymoshenko ? Former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , considered a hero of a 2004 revolution against Yanukovych , was released Saturday after 2 1/2 years behind bars . She had lost to Yanukovych in elections in 2010 . A year later , she was sentenced to seven years in prison after being convicted of abuse of authority over a natural gas deal negotiated with Russia . After her release , she addressed cheering crowds in Kiev 's Independence Square , calling Yanukovych a "  terrible dictator . " She then passed on a not-so-subtle message . "  There 'll be no Ukraine but the Ukraine you want , " she said . "  And I 'm the guarantor of that Ukraine . " She said Sunday that she does n't want to be considered for the nomination for prime minister , suggesting she may have her eye on the presidency . But some observers say the protests in Kiev have fed a desire for a new , untainted generation of leaders to step forward . "  A lot of people who made this revolution feel like this movement has created a lot of new leaders , a lot of young leaders -- that now it 's their turn , " Julia Ioffe , senior editor at The New Republic , told "  CNN Newsroom . " How did the changes come about ? The unrest began November , when Yanukovych turned his back on trade talks with the European Union . Instead , Russia offered to lend money to Ukraine in a deal worth billions of dollars and lower the gas prices it charges . The Ukranian economy is struggling , plagued by corruption , inefficiency and heavy government debt . But the pact with Russia prompted protesters into the streets of Kiev . They stayed in the center of the city for months in a standoff with security forces that occasionally flared into the violence . The situation worsened dramatically last week as clashes between the two sides intensified and gunfire broke out , leaving 88 people dead . Amid the chaos on the streets , foreign diplomats stepped up efforts to find an agreement between Yanukovych and the opposition to end the fighting . On Friday , the intense negotiations resulted in a breakthrough deal to reduce the president 's powers and roll back parts of the Constitution , which gave them to him . Yanukovich then left the capital and security forces withdrew from key protest areas -- setting in motion the changes that unfolded over the weekend .	Ousted President Viktor Yanukovych was in Crimea on Sunday , an official says An arrest warrant has been issued for Yanukovych over the killings of civilians Russia recalls its ambassador from Ukraine to Moscow for consultations Parliament appoints an acting president ; a former prime minister is freed from prison
CNN  A new CNN/ORC poll shows nearly 8 of 10 Americans believe parents should be required to vaccinate their healthy children against preventable diseases such as measles , mumps , rubella and polio . If the children are not vaccinated , most agree the child should not be allowed to attend public school or day care . These results come as the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is reporting a total of 154 cases of measles in the country , from January 1 , 2015 to February 20 , 2015 . That 's an additional 13 cases in the last week . The poll , conducted February 12-15 , 2015 , found 78 % of the respondents believe parents should be required to vaccinate their child against preventable diseases if the child is healthy ; only 22 % disagree . Older Americans are most supportive of the required vaccinations  84 % of those 50 + versus 72 % of those under 50  , and women express more support than men  81 % to 75 %  . Seventy percent of parents with children under age 18 also agree with the requirement . Nearly 6 in 10 Americans believe that children should be barred from public school and day care activities if they are not vaccinated  58 % say a child should not be allowed to participate in public school ; 61 % daycare  . But when it comes to private schools , Americans are split : 51 % say they should be allowed ; 48 % say they should not . Another 39 % of Americans think it 's likely that measles will strike their local community within the next few weeks . More women than men say they believe measles might infect someone in their community  43 % vs. 33 %  and Democrats see it as more likely than Republicans  45 % vs. 36 %  . Residents of the West are most concerned , with 39 % saying its ` very likely ' measles will strike their community , compared with 10 % in the Northeast and 8 % in both the South and Midwest . According to the CDC , 118 of the reported 154 cases are linked to a large , ongoing multi-state measles outbreak that started in the Disneyland amusement park last December . There are two other , ongoing outbreaks , one in Illinois with 14 cases linked to a daycare and Nevada where there are six cases . The majority of people who have developed measles were unvaccinated . Health officials say the rise in measles and other vaccine preventable diseases is being fueled by people who opt not to vaccinate . The poll interviews were conducted for CNN via landlines and cellphones by ORC International . All respondents were asked about basic demographics , and the sample was weighted to reflect national census figures for age , race , gender , education , geographic region and telephone usage . CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report .	Nearly 8 in 10 believe parents should be required to #vaccinate children against preventable diseases . Nearly 6 in 10 are opposed to unvaccinated children participating in public school or daycare . Nearly 4 in 10 Americans think measles likely will strike their community within the next few weeks .
CNN  -- Your kids deserve better . Because Congress failed to pass the Child Nutrition Bill last week , bad school lunches will remain bad . While the bill was n't perfect , it would have created stronger nutritional standards and provided more money for the school lunch program -- adding six cents per lunch for the first time in 30 years . This was the first step on the long ladder to fresh food , and now it 's a missed opportunity . Among other things , this bill would have banned the junk food that is served in schools and competes with the fresh food your kids need . Eating this junk every day will take 10 years off their lives and cost you a fortune -- adding thousands of dollars to the family health care tab . When Congress returns , members should not only support these new standards but also give people the necessary dollars to get on the path to fresh food . At the moment , $ 4.5 billion is attached to the bill , which only works out to six cents on the plate -- not much , but better than nothing if it can buy an apple for each child 's breakfast or lunch tray . Over the last two years , more than 700 advocacy groups have been working to get these important changes written into law . Yet Congress could not bring enough support to pass the bill . Do members not value the health of America 's kids ? Since I 've been working in America , I 've been overwhelmed by the number of people who write to me . More than 600,000 people have signed the Food Revolution petition for better school food . They are really worried about the quality of food their kids are served in school -- the soda , chocolate milk and pizza for breakfast , lunch and dinner . It 's not just me who thinks we need change . Parents deserve to know what their kids are being fed at school . If Congress wo n't put the regulations in place , then Americans are going to have to take things into their own hands . Here 's how you do it : Drop into school and eat lunch with your child . See for yourself what is being served on the breakfast and lunch trays . If you do n't like what you see , find other parents in your school who are as frustrated and disgusted as you are . Band together and go to your school board and demand change . Love your lunch ladies . Go visit them and thank them . Let them know you appreciate that they take care of your kids and that you want to help them get better equipment , training and information to make their jobs easier . Make noise . Send e-mails , meet your school nutrition director , go to PTA meetings , get your kids involved . Take every opportunity to keep school food change front and center . If this bill does n't get passed when Congress comes back in November , then it 's going to be another five years before we have another shot at fixing these regulations . Five years is too long to wait . Without this legislation , school food will stay in the Dark Ages of nutrition and your kids are going to suffer . They deserve better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jamie Oliver .	Jamie Oliver : Child Nutrition Bill failed , which means same old unhealthy school lunches Schools serve junk food like chocolate milk , soda and pizza at each meal , he writes 700 groups want this kind of law , he writes . Does Congress not value children 's health ? Parents should see what kids are eating , Oliver says , and if disgusted , push for healthy food
London  CNN  -- A bobsled guided by mind power , guns fired by blowing into a headset , desert waves created by nanobots -- the world of disabled athletes could be very different in the near future . A new exhibition of prototypes aimed at making sport more accessible has opened in the British capital , featuring innovative ideas from young designers . Taking this year 's London Paralympic games as their inspiration , students from Imperial College , London and the Royal College of Art have come up with 11 ingenious ideas that dream up new equipment and , in some cases , entirely new sports . The goal was to create a much more even playing field for athletes of different levels of ability , says David Keech , a tutor on the Innovation Design Engineering postgraduate course "  When we started the project we said to the students : ` It ca n't be Marvel  comics  , it ca n't be Quidditch  a game in the Harry Potter films  , but it has to have something of that in there . ' It 's all about imagination , and for the students here , that is their currency , " Keech , a course tutor at Imperial College , told CNN . "  Headshot " -- a new take on clay-pigeon shooting for both the able-bodied and disabled -- is a good example . Competitors don a special headset which translates head movements  up , down and side to side  into movements on a powered platform below . Firing the gun is activated by blowing into a sensor on the headset . "  It maintains the physicality of the sport and the man/machine connection , " says co-designer Jeff Gough . "  There is a strong sense of thrill as the gun is mounted on the body . We played with a few different ideas but we wanted to mimic the fine motor skills involved in shooting . " Another prototype , "  Brainsled , " utilizes existing gaming headgear to let athletes steer a bobsled by the power of thought , allowing able-bodied and disabled athletes to pit their reflexes and powers of concentration against each other . The challenge has been sponsored by Rio Tinto  provider of the metal for medals at London Olympics and Paralympics  which awarded a Â # 5,000  $ 8,000  development prize to the most promising design . That honor went to "  Ghost , " a haptic device mounted on the wrist and elbow which uses sounds and vibrations to tell the wearer when they are performing a particular motion correctly . The students imagine it helping to hone a swimming stroke , and Keech thinks it has "  wonderful possibilities . " Iain Dawson , a visually-impaired parathlete who advised the students on the four-week project , was impressed with their efforts . "  It 's not an easy thing to make work in such a short space of time , but it has a wide application and it 's exactly what we talked about , " he said . Dawson , a former world and European paratriathlon champion who suffers from X-rated retinoschisis , also praised "  Rainbow Touch " -- an idea which uses panels of color and textures on sports clothing to help visually-impaired athletes identify teammates . Other stars of disabled sports were also on hand during the task including British Paralympians Tanni Grey-Thompson  winner of 11 gold medals  and javelin thrower Scott Moorhouse , who helped out with a new adjustable knee socket for a prosthetic leg . "  It was really a meeting of minds , " Keech said . "  The best design students in the world meeting the best athletes in the world . " Other designs peered a little further into the future . "  Mind Surfer " imagines waves created by "  self-replicating nanobots " and "  Sky Ball " imagines athletes wearing prosthetic wings , while "  Cannonball " is the name given to "  a fast and furious wheelchair team sport . "	New design exhibition imagines new sports for future Paralympics Eleven ideas for new sports and training equipment devised by UK students Design for haptic training device called "  Ghost " wins $ 8,000 prize from sponsor Rio Tinto British parathletes helped students think about the unique challenges disabled sport presents
CNN  -- Comedian Chris Rock delivered on his reputation for controversy as host of "  Saturday Night Live " this weekend , but musical guest Prince is the one soaking up accolades for making history . In a rare TV appearance , the artist performed one long , uninterrupted jam session instead of two songs , a first in the sketch show 's 40-year run . The medley showcased songs from Prince 's studio albums with band 3rdeyegirl and featured guest vocalist Lianne La Havas in what Rolling Stone called "  one of the most explosive and most polished ` SNL ' musical spots " in recent memory . The performance drew overwhelmingly positive praise , contrasting the mixed reviews Rock received for his second turn as host . The "  SNL " alum wasted no time reminiscing over what it was like to be part of the cast in the early 1990s , or how it felt to return his old stomping grounds after last hosting 18 years ago . Instead , Rock dove right into the Boston Marathon bombing , the September 11 attacks , the commercialization of Christmas and gun control in his opening monologue . He poked fun at the Freedom Tower  "  the ` Never Going in There ' Tower "  as a terrorism target , and said it was only a matter of time before September 11 becomes an excuse to offer $ 9.11 shrimp specials at Red Lobster . To some it was humorous , maybe even tame for the comedian who took on the Columbine High School shootings days after the massacre . For others , the monologue did n't sit so well , especially the night before the New York City Marathon . Other memorable moments , for better or worse , included a mock diversity training video , "  Women in the Workplace , " featuring Rock as a "  diverse person , " and a sketch in which ISIS militants compete on on the ABC reality TV show , "  Shark Tank . "	Prince performs one eight-minute set instead of the traditional two shorter sets "  SNL " alum Chris Rock pokes fun of Boston Marathon bombings , Freedom Tower Rock also appears in parody of diversity training video about "  Women in the Workplace "
CNN  -- Wayne Richard Wells , the frontman and founder of the California metal band Static-X , has died . He was 48 . The band announced Wells ' death in a Facebook post late Saturday night , but did not disclose the cause . Wells , who performed under the name Wayne Static , founded Static-X in 1994 . The band released six albums , the most notable being 2001 's "  Wisconsin Death Trip , " which went platinum . People we 've lost in 2014	The metal band did n't specify a cause of death Wayne Richard Wells , 48 , performed under the name Wayne Static Static-X released six albums
Health.com  -- Do any of these scenarios sound familiar ? - Somebody cuts in front of you in the grocery store line . You 're irritated but do n't say anything . - Your friend asks you to pick her up at the airport . Again . You say yes even though you have no time . - You disagree with your boss , but say nothing . Are you nodding yes ? We 've all had moments when we think to ourselves , I 'm confident , I 'm smart , and I know what I want . Why ca n't I just say it ? Being assertive -- standing up for yourself and speaking your mind in a clear yet respectful way -- can be remarkably hard on a good day . We worry if we ask for what we need , we 'll put someone out . Or that we 'll come across as a you-know-what . So we just let what we want go unsaid . In your defense , it is more of a challenge to state your needs these days . The still-shaky economy may make you hesitant to ask for that raise at work  or disagree with your boss  . You may feel worse turning down requests from family , knowing they 're stressed . And it 's not just your imagination that more folks are losing it in public -- witness the woman who sprayed mace at fellow shoppers on Black Friday . A recent survey revealed that 86 percent of Americans have been the victims of rude behavior . The payoff of having your own back , though , is enormous -- and it 's so much more than simply getting your way . "  When you say what you want , you live a happier and more authentic life , " says Caroline Adams Miller , author of "  Creating Your Best Life . " That 's true no matter what the outcome , adds Simon Rego , Psy.D. , director of the cognitive behavioral training program at Montefiore Medical Center in New York . Those who speak up do better at work , have more time , and have healthier relationships . So how do you master this crucial skill ? "  The three keys , " explains Miller , "  are knowing what you want , believing you have a right to it , and finding the courage to express it . " You are about to become your own best advocate . Health.com : 29 days to a healthier relationship Be assertive ... with friends and family Surprisingly , your nearest and dearest can be the toughest to stand up to . "  They 're the people we want to please the most , " says Miller . "  We 'd rather be unhappy ourselves than disappoint them . " To complicate matters , we have to fight a lifetime of old  bad  habits -- saying "  sure " when we really mean "  no way . " True , standing your ground can be momentarily uncomfortable , but it 's so worth it -- your relationships will be stronger as a result , Miller says . Try these tactics : Challenge # 1 : Saying "  no ! " Your sister is always asking you to watch her kids ; your running buddy keeps dragging you to Spinning class , which you hate . The solution : There is a trick to getting your way when someone does n't pick up subtle hints . Take a deep breath so you sound calm -- not at all peeved -- and just say , "  No , I 'm not able to do that , " Rego advises . If she pushes back  which she likely will  , repeat , minus a word or two . "  No . I 'm not able . " This may go on for several rounds . "  Each time , you shorten the phrase until you eventually just say no , " says Rego . "  It 's extremely effective because it allows you to convey what you want without getting upset . " Challenge # 2 : Sticking with your values You need your folks to respect your decisions about your kids ; you want the in-laws to stop breaking the bank on gifts . The solution : When you 're broaching a sensitive topic , it 's best to start with the word "  I " .  This is particularly effective at deflecting arguments over hot button issues .  " ` I ' statements are expressions of your own needs , which we all are entitled to have , " explains Rego . Using "  you " statements , on the other hand , can put the other person on the defensive , which will only escalate an argument . Keep it simple and own it  "  I feel my kids act crazy when they eat candy , so I do n't want them to have any . " Challenge # 3 : Breaking a pattern Maybe your friend always picks the restaurants  and pricey ones  , or your man chooses your vacation spots every time . The solution : This one pops up a lot in close relationships . Here , too , that "  I " statement is key . Soften it with at least one thing the other person will be happy to hear  "  Our date nights are so fun , but I would love to see a movie this time . " Health.com : 10 ways to shake up date night Be assertive ... at work Overdue for a raise ? Longing for more interesting assignments ? Working with spotlight stealers who are constantly broadcasting their accomplishments  and taking credit for some of yours  ? You know what you have to do ! "  Assertiveness is one of the most crucial tools for success , " says Gabriela Cora , M.D. , a psychiatrist who specializes in workplace issues . "  To be able to clarify a thought , make it precise and relevant , and share it at the right moment is an art . " Luckily , it 's a learnable art . Consider this your cheat sheet for getting your needs met from 9 to 5 . What you need : To ask for a raise or promotion  and get it How to proceed : Show your best stuff is yet to come Let 's be honest : Even if you feel confident , marching into your boss 's office and rattling off all the reasons you deserve more cash or seniority is n't the way to go . That said , "  You do need to present your case , citing two or three of the valuable contributions you 've made to the company , " recommends Cora .  Timing your request so it comes after a major accomplishment is wise . But equally crucial , Cora adds , is to look ahead to the future : "  Discuss the things you want to do in the future that are in line with your boss 's goals . " In so doing , you gain power in the negotiations , because you become more valuable to your manager . What if the head honcho flat-out says no ? Ask : "  Can we talk about my performance again in six months ? " You 're not pushing ; you 're just showing that you believe in your skills enough to follow through . What you need : To get an idea green-lighted at a meeting How to proceed : Do n't go first Though you may think it 's always best to get your idea on the table first , it 's actually smarter to listen before you take the floor , Cora says . "  Look to see how you can piggyback your idea with someone else 's , " she advises . Wait for two or three people to speak , then make your case , saying something like , "  My idea , which works well with Sara 's , is ... " The piggyback strategy not only increases the likelihood that you 'll get your idea approved , but it also tends to defuse competition between co-workers and create a more collaborative and creative workplace . Keep in mind that brevity helps , so make your case in three to five sentences , advises Cora : "  When people do n't feel confident , they tend to say too little or too much , and their point is n't clear . " Health.com : Job killing you ? 8 types of work-related stress Be assertive ... in public The maÃŽtre d' at a restaurant gives away the table you were next in line for . The guy using the treadmill before you leaves it dripping in sweat . You 'd think that speaking up with strangers would be easy -- after all , you never have to see them again . But some of us actually have more trouble in these situations because we feel like our speak-out skills are on display . Make it simpler with this advice . When you want to register a complaint ... The best strategy : Make a complaint sandwich . Not sure how to ask for a refund on the top you washed once that promptly fell apart ? Make what 's called a complaint sandwich , says Arthur Gallego of Gallego & Co. . Brand Communications , which manages customer service programs for companies . The layers of the sandwich , in order : a statement saying how much you enjoy the product or brand , then a description of the problem , then a statement that you hope the company/store can stand behind its products and fix the issue . Sample script : "  I shop here all the time , but I washed this shirt once and it came apart . I 'd like you to replace it or give me a refund . " When you want someone to stop doing something annoying ... The best strategy : Stick to the facts . If you 're not used to speaking your mind , your go-to reaction may be a pointed stare or loud sigh , but these nonverbal expressions of anger are n't going to help you get what you need -- or make you feel good about yourself , notes psychologist Sharon Greenburg , Ph.D. . Health.com : Find your ultimate happiness Better bet : State your case in a neutral tone  think TV newsreader  and reserve the eye-rolling for when you watch Jersey Shore marathons . When you want to right a wrong The best strategy : Find common ground . Empathize , advises Josh Denton , president of Denton Consulting Group , who consults with companies on customer service and human relations . Say a fellow shopper snatches a marked-down pair of shoes out of your pile . Instead of snapping at her , put her move in context . A simple "  Wow , this sale is crazy ! " before pointing out that those heels are yours helps you get what you deserve -- in the most pleasant way possible .	A recent survey revealed that 86 percent of Americans have been the victims of rude behavior Stick to the facts when you want someone to stop doing something annoying In a relationship , soften topics with at least one thing the other person will be happy to hear
CNN  -- Those who oppose the 2010 Citizens United Supreme Court ruling and the explosion of outside money in politics might be breathing a sigh of relief that more than $ 1 billion in outside spending in federal elections , which heavily favored Republicans , did not seem to buy the results that the big spenders wanted . After all , most of the candidates backed by Karl Rove 's Crossroads groups and the Chamber of Commerce , beginning with Mitt Romney , lost their races . But those concerned about the role of money in politics should n't be relieved . Not at all . Here are three reasons to keep worrying : 1 . The biggest problem with money in politics is not that it buys election results but that it skews legislative priorities . Senators and members of Congress already spend ridiculous amounts of time raising money for their next election campaigns and to help fellow party members get elected and stay in office . Big outside money is going to make this money chase worse . It is not enough to worry about what your opponent can raise ; now a billionaire across the country can put a million or more dollars up against you at the drop of a hat any time you take a position that the billionaire does n't like . The fund-raising frenzy will never cease . This potential for massive outside spending -- which may reflect the preferences of just one or a handful of people -- will change how Congress considers and passes legislation . Sheldon Adelson , the casino magnate , dropped $ 60 million or more in this election without making a dent in his net worth . How many members of Congress do you think would be interested in supporting gaming legislation , which Adelson opposes ? And if they want to oppose Adelson , members would have to raise even more outside money to try to level the playing field . Most worrisome when it comes to legislative skewing is what we as the public do n't see : what gets left out of legislation , small favors buried in the fine print , things that get killed in committee . Sometimes a lot of money is riding on these invisible legislative choices . 2 . Money still matters in campaigns . No serious student of American politics believes that the candidate with the most money always wins . After all , look at Linda McMahon , who spent more than $ 100 million of her own money in two bids to become senator for Connecticut . But money gets candidates second , third and fourth looks even when those candidates are lousy and do n't deserve it . Consider Newt Gingrich in the Republican presidential primary . He survived as long as he did only because of the money from Adelson . In close races , money can make a difference . Republican U.S. Rep. Dan Lungren of California lost a close contest in his race thanks in part to large amounts of outside spending against him . Not coincidentally , Lungren had been one of the first Republicans in recent years to call for campaign finance reform to curb the influence of outside money . A Sunlight Foundation analysis found at least four House races where outside money may have tipped the outcome . At the presidential level , the unprecedented amount of outside money made the Obama-Romney race competitive , where it otherwise would not have been . While Obama succeeded in almost keeping up with the Republican fund-raising machine  and Obama also seemed to spend his campaign dollars more wisely  , it is not clear that future Democratic candidates will be able to replicate the Obama fund-raising strategy , raising massive amounts of money from tens of millions of small donors . If big outside money in presidential elections leans toward corporate interests , it will give the candidates those interests back an edge in close elections . 3 . Secret money is growing and dangerous . Thanks to holes in our disclosure laws , which Republicans in Congress so far have not seemed interested in fixing , much of this outside spending is going through groups who do not disclose their donors . The lack of disclosure is troubling for two reasons . First , voters use information about donors to evaluate campaign messages . Voters should know when Chevron or a big union is behind a "  social welfare " group with a nice sounding name like "  Americans for a Strong America . " Even more importantly , disclosure provides the press and public with tools to smoke out some legislative sweetheart deals that members of Congress might be offering big spenders . If we are going to be in a world without effective limits on campaign spending -- and the Supreme Court seems quite unlikely to reverse course on this point anytime soon -- disclosure is a second-best solution to try to limit the legislative leanings caused by large amounts of outside money . Sunlight can help expose the worst abuses of the political system wrought by unregulated money . Rather than breathing easily , opponents of big , undisclosed outside money in politics need to continue to press the case for reform , beginning with a desperate need to fix our laws requiring disclosure by all who spend big bucks in our elections . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Hasen .	Rick Hasen : Big money did n't buy the election , but it 's still hugely influential Ineffective spending limits let big donors influence lawmakers , skew priorities , he says He says outside spending ca n't always buy elections , but it has good chance in close races Hasen : Unidisclosed donors keep voters from seeing who backs candidates , deals
