CNN  -- European champions Chelsea breezed into the FIFA Club World Cup final with a 3-1 defeat of CONCACAF Champions League winners Monterrey on Thursday . The English Premier League team 's triumph in Yokohama , Japan set up a tie with Copa Libertadores winners Corinthians on Sunday . Goals from Spanish duo Juan Mata and Fernando Torres followed by an own goal from Darvin Chavez secured a comfortable victory for Chelsea 's interim coach Rafael Benitez . Mexico 's Monterrey scored a consolation goal in the 91st minute , striker Jesus De Nigris running clear and firing a low shot past Petr Cech . The win ensured Benitez will be taking part in his third Club World Cup final , having lost to Sao Paulo as Liverpool manager in 2005 before leading Italian side Inter Milan to the trophy in 2010 . Benitez took from sacked former Chelsea coach Roberto Di Matteo last month . The Spaniard is battling to win over Chelsea supporters , with many still angry with the way fan favorite and former player Di Matteo was treated by the club 's Russian billionaire owner Roman Abramovich . Chelsea opened the scoring in fine style after 17 minutes , Ashley Cole playing a slick one-two with Eden Hazard before cutting back for Mata to find the bottom corner with a curling shot . An early blitz at the start of the second half sealed Chelsea 's place in the final . Hazard was once again involved , bursting down the left flank before cutting back for Torres , who saw his low shot deflected into the back of the net . Moments later Torres sprinted away down the same side and played a sublime pass to Mata , whose cut back was turned into his own net by Chavez . Chelsea can now look forward to a tie with Corinthians , who defeated African champions Al-Ahly on Wednesday in front of 20,000 traveling Brazilian fans . Monterrey will play Egypt 's Al-Ahly in the third-place playoff prior to Sunday 's tournament decider . Cairo 's Al-Ahly qualified for the competition by winning the African Champions League despite football in Egypt being suspended following the death of more than 70 fans in February 's Port Said stadium disaster .	Chelsea beat Monterrey 3-1 to reach FIFA Club World Cup final European champions Chelsea to play Brazil 's Corinthians in Sunday 's showpiece match Goals from Juan Mata , Fernando Torres and an own-goal from Darvin Chavez sealed win Copa Libertadores winner Corinthians beat Al-Ahly on Wednesday
CNN  -- President Barack Obama arrives in Mumbai Saturday morning for three days of deal making , cultural engagements and talks on regional and global security . He and Manmohan Singh , the Indian prime minister , have much to discuss . America is the world 's most powerful democracy ; India is its largest and most vibrant . America needs India to stabilize a rough neighborhood ; India needs America to counter China 's growing power . America wants to develop a strategic military alliance by arming India with the modern tools of war ; New Delhi prefers a more limited transactional relationship with Washington to replace its depleted Soviet-era fleet that avoids making India the operating base of a future conflict . America wants less outsourcing and more trade to create badly needed new jobs at home ; India , whose protectionist economic tendencies have given way to a meritocracy driven by entrepreneurial spirit , wants more U.S. visas to train its bright minds and ca n't understand why American innovation has given way to a defeatist closed-door , anti-immigration mentality . President Obama 's electoral defeat in Tuesday 's midterm elections assures domestic gridlock for the remainder of his first term in office . Prime Minister Singh 's government -- racked by corruption and a bloated bureaucracy -- has shown little interest in executing the reform mandate it was elected to undertake last year . Roads have not been built . Taxes have not been streamlined or collected . Health care is no better . A hallmark nuclear pact reached with Washington in 2005 to make India energy self-sufficient threatens to be derailed five years on by reactionary legislation introduced in Singh 's own party . Kashmiri separatists riot in the north . Maoist rebels surge in the east . India , Singh must think to himself at times , is nearly ungovernable . Yet crippled domestic agendas offer both men an opportunity to lead in foreign policy . Obama must strike a grand bargain with Singh that commits both leaders to take steps that create an open-architecture security environment for South Asia . Intelligence needs to be gathered , analyzed and shared communally to combat threats facing the entire region , not just any one country within it , so the landscape for economic revitalization and political reconciliation improves . India , President Obama should tell his hosts , must now assume the responsibilities imposed upon it by its growing political stature and economic power . Pakistan , the epicenter of Islamist extremism , is the obvious place to start . Singh refuses to engage Pakistan beyond superficial matters because he argues , with cause , that whatever is left of his political clout would evaporate if one more Mumbai-style terror attack was launched from Pakistani soil . As Hamas often did during the course of Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations , South Asia 's terror groups would surely attack at any sign of rapprochement between Islamabad and New Delhi . What are peacemakers to do ? Obama must offer to bridge the trust gap that keeps India and Pakistan apart on security , economic and political issues . He should start by asking his military commanders to bring Indian and Pakistani army and intelligence chiefs together in secret at a neutral location  Geneva , Switzerland ; Oslo , Norway ; or Stockholm , Sweden  so they can reformulate conditions for sharing critical intelligence . The countries ' former intelligence chiefs , Chander D. Sahay of India and Gen. Ehsan ul Haq of Pakistan , did just that from 2003 until 2005 with stunningly effective results . Afghan military and intelligence officials could join in after the primary Indo-Pakistani relationship is framed . Through such cooperation , India might find grounds for taking Pakistan into confidence on its operations to stabilize Afghanistan 's economy and to assist in rebuilding its domestic police and paramilitary forces , allaying Pakistani army enmity and fears of an east-west squeeze play on their borders by New Delhi . Pakistan could commit , in return , to close down or starve from an operational standpoint camps that support the Haqqani terrorist network in northern Waziristan , from which many who would attack India are trained and ideologically nurtured . India might also get significant , albeit nonpublic , assistance from Pakistan to douse the flames of revolt in Kashmir by encouraging Pakistan-backed separatist leaders to engage with New Delhi in dialogue -- at a minimum , fewer people would then die . Done correctly , such earnest dialogue could form the basis for a long-term peace contract in the Himalayan enclave . Obama could then offer U.S. support for India 's permanent seat at the United Nations Security Council if India demonstrated it was ready to play a major regional role as economic big brother to lesser economies , starting with a trade pact for Pakistan . Jobs to employ today 's extremists in Pakistan through bilateral trade would reduce tomorrow 's pool of would-be bombers who could threaten Indian centers of commerce . To incent Pakistan to open up , Obama could ask his friends in the U.S.-India Caucus to lobby for congressional passage of textile tariff relief for Pakistan that fuels growth in an industry critical to India-Pakistan trade : Indian-Americans helping Pakistani trade get off the ground -- detente indeed . Finally , Obama could lean on his Indian host to invite Pakistan 's president over for a summit . Asif Ali Zardari , inept and ineffective as he might seem to outsiders , is perhaps in greater control of Pakistan 's political machinery than most give him credit for . And while Pakistan 's generals despise what they consider his corrupt ways , Zardari 's commercial instincts will serve him well in using trade as a cornerstone for peace with his eastern neighbors . If Singh reaches across the divide and offers a political breakthrough that gives Zardari a face-saving reason to say "  yes " to peace , he might be surprised at how fast the Pakistani leader accepts the chance to rise above the politics of distrust and dissension and engage in making peace across the array of issues that divide both nations . India must learn , as America did long ago , that with power comes responsibility to take care of those less fortunate around it . In a region where ultra-power  China  and ultra-poverty  Afghanistan  co-exist , India must take advantage of America 's experience and its energetic president to bring peace and prosperity to the region in a manner befitting its rising global stature . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mansoor Ijaz .	Obama will visit India with a group of American business executives Mansoor Ijaz says trip offers opportunity for a grand bargain with India By striking a deal on economic , military , security issues , the two nations would benefit , he says Ijaz : Progress on peace in the region and in the fight against terrorism could result
CNN  -- President Obama and Mitt Romney are set to make appearances beginning Thursday at a major gathering of Latino officials and activists in Florida , a moment that campaign-weary Democrats have awaited for weeks . Obama 's strategists relish any chance to drive a wedge between Romney and Hispanic voters , and at the annual conference of the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials , or NALEO , the president is all-but-certain to paint Romney as beholden to anti-immigrant elements of his party 's conservative base . It 's an article of faith inside the Obama campaign 's Chicago headquarters that the country 's shifting demographics -- particularly growing Hispanic communities that lean Democratic in several swing states -- might be enough to put the election out of reach for Romney , no matter how sluggish the economy is . Few locales will test that theory in November better than the host city for the NALEO conference : Orlando , ground zero for Florida 's rapidly expanding Latino population . How can Republicans attract voters other than old white men "  The combination of demographics and the issue narrative in Orlando could be the difference between 29 electoral votes or not , " said Steve Schale , who managed Obama 's winning 2008 campaign in Florida . "  It 's one of the areas where President Obama could grow from 2008 . " Until Obama 's victory , Orange County , home to Orlando and Disney World , had developed a well-earned reputation as one of Florida 's premier battlegrounds . The county was decided by fewer than 6,000 votes in every presidential election going back to 1996 . That all changed in 2008 , when Obama carried the county by 85,000 votes against John McCain . In April , Schale , who maintains a blog devoted to Sunshine State political math that 's closely followed by operatives in both parties , began combing through Census data and voter registration numbers in an effort to gauge whether Obama 's Orlando blowout in 2008 was an aberration or the new normal in Florida campaigns . His findings , outlined in a post titled "  Orlando Rising , " underscore the Obama campaign 's demographics-as-destiny argument . Defining the Orlando metro area as Orange , Seminole and Osceola counties , Shale mapped out several unmistakably positive trends for Democrats : â $ cents The Orlando area 's population jumped by 436,000 people between 2000 and 2010 , from 1.4 million residents to 1.85 million . African-Americans and Puerto Ricans , who tend to vote Democratic , accounted for more than half of that growth . â $ cents Between October 2006 and January 2012 , the region added about 84,000 new voters and three quarters of those were African-American or Hispanic . The vast majority of new voters registered as Democrats . Over the same period , the share of the white vote in Orlando increased by only 7 % . â $ cents In 1994 , Republicans accounted for 50 % of registered voters in the three sprawling counties surrounding Orlando . That number has now dropped to 33 % . At the same time , 41 % of Orlando voters are now Democrats , with the remainder not registering in either party . Will Obama 's immigration initiative sway Latinos ? Similar population changes are happening across Florida . "  The Democrats ' lead among Hispanic voters has grown just in the last four years , " said Mark Hugo Lopez , associate director of the Pew Hispanic Center . Latinos now comprise 13 % of the Florida electorate , up from 11 % in 2008 . More Latinos are now registered as Democrats than as Republicans , a reversal from previous election cycles . At first glance , those shifts may seem modest . But in a huge state where the race may come down to a few thousand votes , any mathematical edge matters greatly . The fluid nature of the state 's electorate is driven in large part by an influx of Puerto Ricans -- who are eligible vote the moment they arrive because of Puerto Rico 's status as a U.S. territory -- along with growing Dominican , Colombian , Mexican and Venezuelan populations . Puerto Ricans are now the second largest Hispanic group in the state after Cuban-Americans , a Republican-leaning bloc that has seen its share of the statewide vote decline as other Latino communities grow at a faster clip . Strategists in both parties say Florida 's decade-long Hispanic boom is most visible around Orlando , now the second-largest hub of Puerto Ricans in the country outside of New York . Neighborhoods like Kissimmee , Buenaventura Lakes and Meadow Woods , which hugs Orlando International Airport , have become hot spots for Obama campaign organizers . Among Florida 's largest counties , Orange County 's Hispanic population grew by 83 % between 2000 and 2010 , according to the Pew Hispanic Center . Navarette : Avoid assumptions about Latinos immigration status That 's faster than in Miami-Dade , Broward or Palm Beach County -- three huge and reliably Democratic counties in south Florida . Courting the Puerto Rican vote in Orlando is now an essential part of any Florida campaign itinerary , as vital as throwing back a shot of sugar-packed coffee in front of reporters at Versailles Restaurant in Miami 's Little Havana . "  There is not a political visit in Orlando that does n't include a stop at a Puerto Rican community center or gathering place , " said Ana Navarro , a Republican fundraiser and strategist from Miami . The changing face of Orlando has profound implications for the state 's political geography . In the modern era , Democrats have won statewide races with robust turnout in South Florida . Republicans usually rely on northern part of the state -- from Pensacola in the Panhandle to Jacksonville in the east -- and on places like Sarasota and Naples along the Gulf coast . And slicing through the central part of the state is Interstate 4 , the highway connecting Tampa to Orlando . The "  I-4 Corridor " has become a byword for the suburban midsection of the state where swing voters and transplants from the Midwest often decide elections . Opinion : What Latinos want from candidates ? Respect Tampa , the state 's largest media market , continues to grow but retains much of its essential political character . Meanwhile , the ballooning Puerto Rican population just 80 miles up the road has Orlando looking , politically speaking , more and more like South Florida -- a potential Democratic stronghold in the heart of central Florida 's political battlefield . Both campaigns know what 's at stake . The Obama campaign and the Republican National Committee have opened multiple offices in Orlando and are engaged in Hispanic voter contact efforts . Underscoring the metro area 's importance , the Orlando media market currently ranks second nationally in television ad spending from the campaigns and outside groups . Roughly $ 10 million worth of ads have aired in Orlando , including several Spanish-language ads from the Obama campaign . Obama campaign hands in Chicago and Florida are confident that the GOP 's tough talk on immigration policy -- Romney has embraced elements of Arizona 's tough immigration law and said he would veto the DREAM Act , for instance -- will push Florida 's various Hispanic communities into the Democratic fold in November . Why older Latinos matter in election Gabriela Domenzain , a spokeswoman for the Obama campaign , also said Romney 's opposition to the Supreme Court confirmation of Sonia Sotomayor , a Puerto Rican , will hurt him in Orlando . "  Mitt Romney is on the wrong side of every issue important to Puerto Ricans , " Domenzain said . "  The community can not afford his insistence on repeating the failed economic policies that brought our economy to the brink of collapse , his belief that we should let foreclosures ` hit the bottom ' or his commitment to slashing our health care and education . " Because of their citizenship status , Puerto Ricans are not directly affected by the president 's decision last week to halt the deportation of young people who were brought to the country illegally . But Lynette Acosta , an Obama campaign co-chair and organizer in Orlando , said her fellow Puerto Ricans feel a kinship with other Hispanics affected by the law . "  We do gravitate to each other , " Acosta told CNN . "  There 's a sense a loyalty we feel to other Hispanics . At the same time , the campaign is doing well because that they have n't taken for granted that the Hispanic community is monolithic . " Republicans accuse the Obama campaign of playing identity politics . They point to the sputtering economy as the primary issue for voters , regardless of ethnicity . ` Sleeping giant ' Latino vote yet to awaken Issues like homelessness and foreclosures continue to be pressing matters in central Florida . "  Like in every other state , and like every other American , Hispanics in Florida are laser focused on the economy , " said Bettina Inclan , the Republican National Committee 's director of Hispanic outreach . "  This administration tries to do a lot of things so they do n't have to talk about Obama 's economic record . " GOP strategists also note that Puerto Ricans are more independent than most political observers give them credit for . Two Orlando-area Puerto Rican leaders , for instance , are running in the Republican primary in the state 's newly drawn 9th Congressional District . Navarro , the Miami GOP fundraiser , said Jeb Bush , the state 's former Republican governor , won successive statewide races with an aggressive Puerto Rican outreach effort in central Florida . "  The Puerto Ricans in Orlando tend to lean Democrat , " Navarro said . "  But they can definitely swing Republican with the right candidate and the right message . " To this day , Bush consistently calls on the GOP to temper its harsh tone on immigration reform , often to little effect . One leading GOP strategist who has worked on several recent high-profile races in the state said Republicans have failed to grasp the political significance of the Florida 's growing Hispanic population . "  If you tried to take this current Republican brand onward for a generation , we would suffer greatly in Hispanic communities and we would face serious problems across the state , " said the strategist , who did not want to be identified criticizing his party . By the numbers : Latino voters	Both Obama and Romney to speak to Latino officials and activists in Florida Hispanic vote in Florida could tip balance in key battleground state Democrats ' lead among Florida Hispanics is growing , according to research center Republicans counter that Latinos will vote on Obama 's economic record
CNN  -- Doctors in Havana , Cuba , completed a six-hour surgical procedure on Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , Vice President Nicolas Maduro said Tuesday evening in a televised address . The state-run Venezuelan Television 's website said in a headline , "  The operation was a success . " Maduro thanked Venezuelans who had prayed "  that this operation would culminate correctly and in a successful manner . " Afterward , Chavez was taken to his room to begin his post-operative recovery , which will last several days , Maduro said . During the operation , surgeons removed a lesion that had appeared in the same place as previous lesions , Maduro said from the presidential palace in Venezuela . "  There were complex moments but , fortunately , this giant -- our commander -- again shows us his strength , " Maduro said . Chavez was surrounded by relatives and friends , he added . Chavez is "  absolutely confident that he will overcome the obstacles that have come up on the path of his life , " Information Minister Ernesto Villegas said earlier in the day . Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa -- an ally of Chavez -- had said the surgery would be "  a very delicate operation . " On Saturday , Chavez announced that his cancer had returned and said he needed the new round of surgery . Read more : Venezuela 's Chavez arrives in Cuba for cancer surgery The president has repeatedly spoken publicly about his cancer battle but has never specified what type of cancer it is . And his government has released few specifics , fueling widespread speculation about Chavez 's health and political future . Chavez had surgery in 2011 to remove a cancerous tumor and has undergone further surgery and radiation in Cuba since . He declared himself cancer-free in July . Health rumors dogged Chavez on the campaign trail this year but did n't stop him from winning re-election in October . Over the weekend , Chavez said he wanted Maduro to replace him if "  something were to happen that would incapacitate me . " Venezuela 's constitution specifies that when a president dies , the vice president assumes the presidency until new elections can be held . Chavez called for voters to take things a step further . "  My firm opinion , as clear as the full moon -- irrevocable , absolute , total -- is ... that you elect Nicolas Maduro as president , " Chavez said , waving a copy of the Venezuelan constitution as he spoke . "  I ask this of you from my heart . He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not . " It was the first time Chavez -- who looms larger than life in Venezuela and in Latin American politics -- had spoken publicly about the possibility of a successor . Fast facts : The life of Hugo Chavez "  This is huge . He could have said something indirectly . He could have said something like , ` We 'll have to see . Let 's talk about it when the time comes , ' " said Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts . "  He switched from being very evasive to very articulate . That must have been the result of a major change in health for the worse . " In a report published Tuesday , one expert on the region said some observers think that Chavez 's health problems are being used for political purposes . "  One speculative theory holds that Chavez 's health problems have been serious but not life-threatening -- trumped up to focus attention on him , generate sympathy during this year 's election campaign , and now may even be a way of boosting Venezuela 's bond sales , " wrote Stephen Johnson , director of the Americas program at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies . Keeping the focus on the Venezuelan president could also be a political advantage going into gubernatorial elections , which are scheduled for Sunday , Johnson said . But other signs point to more serious health problems , he said , including a decrease in Chavez 's public appearances in recent months . "  Reports may or may not be true since there is no independent , reliable information source other than the president , who decides what he wants to divulge , " Johnson said .	NEW : state-run media says the operation is a success Official says Chavez is absolutely confident he will overcome his illness "  It 's a very delicate operation , " Ecuador 's president says Analyst : Some speculate Chavez 's health problems are not life-threatening
The truck was loaded with munitions , then driven up a hillside in northern Syria . Moments later , there was a massive blast followed by cries of "  Allahu Akbar , " or "  God is great " in Arabic , and the rattling of gunfire . What made this suicide bombing stand out was not that it happened -- as such attacks have become fairly commonplace in war-torn Syria -- but the identity of one of the men who carried out . He was American . In an online video and social media , radical Islamists claiming responsibility for the blast touted one of the attackers as Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki , an American . Late Thursday , two U.S. officials confirmed their boast . The man was a U.S. citizen who grew up in Florida and went to school there . Investigators are interviewing family members . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Friday evening the American is believed to be Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha . Whichever name one uses -- Abu-Salha or Al-Amriki -- he was among a group of Americans whom intelligence agents have been trying to keep tabs on since they went to Syria some months ago to join extremists in the fight against the Syrian government . Smiling , holding a cat Abu Farouk al Shamy , a spokesman for the rebel Suqour al-Sham battalion , told CNN that the Sunday attack was executed in coordination with the al-Nusra Front , an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government has blacklisted as a foreign terror organization . One video on YouTube , with the title "  the American martyrdom from al-Nusra Front , " identifies the suicide bomber as Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki . This video and several other social media posts feature a picture of a bearded man with that name , smiling and holding a cat . Al-Amriki in Arabic means "  the American . " The name Abu Hurayra , which is popular among Sunni Muslims , offers little clue as to the man 's identity . Abu Hurayra was a companion of the Islamic prophet Mohammed and the narrator of Hadith . Syrian activists say the video is from Sunday and shows militants ' preparations and ultimate attack on Syrian military checkpoints in Jabal Al-Arba ` een , near the city of Ariha in Idlib province and believed to be along a key rebel supply route . According to Syrian activists and social media postings , four vehicles laden with explosives were part of the attack . One YouTube video says the American detonated the biggest one , which contained 17 tons of explosives , including artillery shells . It is not clear what exactly this man 's involvement was , including whether he was driving an armored truck , a tanker or some other vehicle . Islamists praise the American Even if he clearly did not act alone , it is the man identified as Abu Hurayra who has gotten a lot of attention on websites and social media venues tied to radical Islamists . That includes a tweet by a man with the handle Abu Suleiman al-Muhajer , whose bio identifies him as belonging to al Qaeda in the Levant , the umbrella organization for the al-Nusra Front . His tweet , which was published on the radical Islamist website Hanein , features the alleged American 's picture and the words , "  Abu Hurayra Al-Amriki performed a martyrdom operation in Idlib , Jabal Al-Arba ` een . May Allah accept him . " On the heels of this suicide attack , counterterrorism officials are focusing on young Americans who head off to wage war in the embattled Middle Eastern nation , U.S. officials told CNN . U.S. authorities are investigating a network of recruiters who officials believe are funneling money and young fighters to Syria , the officials said . Their aim is to stop the flow of money and recruits to Syria . U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials have expressed concerns about Americans joining the fight in Syria , including with groups like the jihadist al-Nusra Front . The worry is that they and other Westerners might pose a threat when they return a home , or perhaps end up targeting Europe or Western interests in the Middle East . "  There 's going to be a diaspora out of Syria , " FBI Director James Comey said last week . "  And we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11 . " U.S. closer to expanding training for Syrian rebels 6 chemical weapons inspectors reported kidnapped in Syria now safe Gas attack alleged in Syria ; 21 die in shelling	Officials : U.S. focusing on network funneling money , recruits to Syria Radical Islamists heap praise upon the American for his "  martyrdom " Official : The U.S. believes the suicide bomber is Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha U.S. officials said he was an American citizen who went to school in Florida
CNN  -- Neda Agha-Soltan : The night before she was killed on the streets of Tehran , the woman the world would come to know simply as Neda had a dream . "  There was a war going on , " she told her mother , Hajar Rostami , the next morning , "  and I was in the front . " Neda 's mother had joined her in the street protests that erupted after Iran 's disputed June 12 presidential election . But on that fateful morning , she told her daughter she could n't go with her . As Neda prepared to leave , the mother told CNN last November , she was filled with anxiety . "  I told her to be very careful , and she said she would . " On June 20 , Neda , 26 , headed to Tehran 's Nilofar Square , where thousands of protesters gathered . Tear gas was lobbed at the crowd . Her eyes burning , Neda headed to a medical clinic to get them washed . Neda later walked toward her car , parked on a side street not far from the heated protests . A single bullet struck her chest , and Neda was dead . On Monday , Long Island University announced it was awarding a 2009 George Polk Award , one of journalism 's highest honors , to the unknown videographer who captured Neda 's final moments -- her collapse on the street and her death . The New York Times reports that this is the first time in the 61-year history of the prestigious awards that judges have given the honor to work done anonymously . "  This video footage was seen by millions and became an iconic image of the Iranian resistance , " John Darnton , curator of the Polk Awards , told the newspaper . "  We do n't know who took it or who uploaded it , but we do know it has news value . This award celebrates the fact that , in today 's world , a brave bystander with a cellphone camera can use video-sharing and social networking sites to deliver news . " The New York Times : Polk award winners include anonymous video uploader George Polk Awards in Journalism : 2009 winners CNN : Neda was ` like an angel , ' mother says William Ward Warren : When President Kennedy and first lady Jacqueline Kennedy arrived at Dallas Love Field on November 22 , 1963 , there were as many as 100 photographers there , mostly shooting black and white film . On Monday , the Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza in Dallas released never-before-seen , 8 mm amateur color film taken by Warren . According to a release by museum curator Gary Mack , Warren was 15 at the time of the assassination , and because students were given the day off for the president 's visit , he took his camera to Love Field to watch the arrival of Air Force One . "  My dad operated a furniture store adjacent to the airport , and so that morning on his way to work , he dropped me off at the airport to see -LSB- President Kennedy -RSB- come in , " Warren said , according to the museum release . "  It was cool and yet the sun was shining bright , and there was lots of excitement . " Kennedy was killed less than an hour after Warren captured the start of his visit to Texas . The owner of a freight brokerage business , Warren , now 61 , lives in north Texas with his wife and children . CNN : Watch the footage from the Sixth Floor Museum CNN : Film released of JFK arrival in Dallas Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza Dafna Michaelson : The former director of volunteer services at a Denver , Colorado , hospital -- and a single mother of two children -- left her job and spent all 52 weeks of 2009 traveling to all 50 states and Washington . She funded her "  50 in 52 Journey " by draining her 401k -- the entire $ 31,000 -- and then asking others for donations . Her goal was to collect the stories of ordinary Americans who were making a difference in their local communities and to share those stories on her Web site . She ultimately interviewed more than 500 people , blogged regularly and posted 370 videos . In January , she launched the Journey Institute , telling CNN on Monday , "  One main thing I heard while traveling was , if they did n't have someone to push them or mentor them or train them , they would n't have been able to put their idea into action . " So after her journey , Michaelson decided to help people get their ideas off the couch and put them into action . Her plan is to bring people from every state facing similar challenges to Denver and give them training on how to solve those problems . Michaelson said , "  No matter where I went , I met people who were the same as the pioneers who built this country . They not only had to build their barns and plant their fields , they had to help their neighbors do the same . The people I met had the same values as those pioneers . " 50 in 52 Journey Web site The Denver Post : Woman travels nation , documents people making life better Kim Jong Il : Tuesday is the "  Dear Leader 's " birthday , but where , do you ask , was he born in 1942 ? His official biography declares it was at the foothills of Mount Baekdu , North Korea 's sacred mountain , amid bright lights and double rainbows . But historians are pretty sure he was born at a guerrilla base under Soviet protection in the Soviet Union . The discrepancy should not surprise . When Time magazine 's Frances Romero wrote about the supreme leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , the profile began , "  An easy way of summing up Kim 's life in one sentence would be to throw in the words reportedly , allegedly and the occasional is said to . " His father , Kim Il Sung , founded North Korea , and his son ran the country more or less for 20 years as his father aged , taking power officially in 1997 , a few years after his father 's death . "  Here 's a guy who is very concerned about his physical stature , among other things , " said Dr. Jerrold Post , a former CIA psychologist who heads the political psychology program at George Washington University . "  He 's 5-foot-2 and wears 4-inch lifts in his shoes . " Post , in his book "  Leaders and Their Followers in a Dangerous World , " writes that Kim also loved to drink a certain Hennessy cognac that sold for $ 630 a bottle in Korea . Hennessy , the maker of Paradis cognac , confirmed that Kim was the biggest buyer of the cognac , and between 1988 and 1998 , maintained an estimated annual account of $ 650,000 to $ 800,000 . Post wrote the ruler "  annually spent 770 times the income of the average North Korean citizen  $ 1,038  on cognac alone ! " Post told CNN that Kim Jong Il once kidnapped the most prominent South Korean movie star and kept her under house arrest with her husband for eight years . And he has a collection of some 20,000 videotapes , including the complete James Bond movie collection . In August 2008 , Kim had a stroke and was out of view for some time , and now seems to have recovered . Post said he believes that some of his toughness on North Korean nuclear policy now may be the indication of a power struggle at the end of his rule . CNN : North Korea marks Kim Jong Il 's birthday CNN : Mystery has surrounded Kim Jong Il Time : Two-minute bio : Kim Jong Il Bode Miller : NBC Winter Games anchor Bob Costas said this weekend that the word "  redemption " may be the most overused cliché in all of Olympics coverage , but it pretty much describes Bode Miller 's downhill race Monday . Sports Illustrated and the U.S. Ski Team Web site report that Miller , winner of 32 World Cup races , won two silver medals in Salt Lake City , Utah , but none during any of his five races at the Turin Olympics in in Italy in 2006 . Then in May 2007 , Miller announced he was leaving the U.S. Ski Team to race independently , only to rejoin the team in 2009 . Monday in Vancouver , British Columbia , Miller won a bronze medal in the men 's Olympic downhill , finishing behind Aksel Lund Svindal of Norway , who took silver , and gold medal winner Didier Defago of Switzerland . Miller missed the gold by nine one-hundredths of a second , but he now holds the U.S. record for most medals in Alpine skiing . According to his official biography , Miller was born in New Hampshire in 1977 , was home-schooled until fourth grade and started skiing at 3 . U.S. Ski Team : Bode Miller bio SI : Bode Miller career highlights CNN : Winter Olympics coverage What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Journalism award goes to anonymous uploader of video showing Iran protester 's death Newly released footage of President Kennedy 's 1963 arrival in Dallas , Texas , revealed U.S. skier earns bronze in Vancouver after failing to reach podium in 2006
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama said Monday he will attempt to block bonuses to executives at ailing insurance giant AIG , payments he described as an "  outrage . " President Obama says AIG "  finds itself in financial distress due to recklessness and greed . " "  This is a corporation that finds itself in financial distress due to recklessness and greed , " Obama told politicians and reporters in the Roosevelt Room of the White House , where he and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner were unveiling a package to aid the nation 's small businesses . The president expressed dismay and anger over the bonuses to executives at AIG , which has received $ 173 billion in U.S. government bailouts over the past six months . "  Under these circumstances , it 's hard to understand how derivative traders at AIG warranted any bonuses , much less $ 165 million in extra pay . I mean , how do they justify this outrage to the taxpayers who are keeping the company afloat ? " Watch why Americans have a right to be angry " Obama was referring to the bonuses paid to traders in AIG 's financial products division , the tiny group of people who crafted complicated deals that wound up shaking the world 's economic foundations . See a snapshot of facts , attitudes and analysis on the recession " The president said he has asked Geithner to "  pursue every single legal avenue to block these bonuses and make the American taxpayers whole . " Obama spared AIG 's new CEO , Edward Liddy , from criticism , saying he got the job "  after the contracts that led to these bonuses were agreed to last year . " But he said the impropriety of the bonuses goes beyond economics . "  It 's about our fundamental values , " he said . Watch Obama say he 's outraged by bonuses " "  All across the country , there are people who are working hard and meeting their responsibilities every single day , without the benefit of government bailouts or multimillion-dollar bonuses . You 've got a bunch of small-business people here who are struggling just to keep their credit line open , " Obama said . "  And all they ask is that everyone , from Main Street to Wall Street to Washington , play by the same rules . That is an ethic that we have to demand . " Obama said he would work with Congress to change the laws so that such a situation can not happen again . Then , coughing , he added in jest , "  I 'm choked up with anger here . " Republican Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa did n't appear to be joking , however , when he spoke with Cedar Rapids , Iowa , radio station WMT . "  I would suggest the first thing that would make me feel a little better toward them -LSB- AIG executives -RSB- is if they follow the Japanese example and come before the American people and take that deep bow and say , ' I am sorry , ' and then either do one of two things : resign or go commit suicide , " he said . "  And in the case of the Japanese , they usually commit suicide . " Under pressure from the Treasury , AIG scaled back the bonus plans and pledged to reduce 2009 bonuses -- or "  retention payments " -- by at least 30 percent . That has did little to temper outrage over the initial plan , however . Obama received support from fellow Democrats , including Sen. Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs . "  This is another outrageous example of executives -- including those whose decisions were responsible for the problems that caused AIG 's collapse -- enriching themselves at the expense of taxpayers , " the Democrat from Connecticut said . He noted in a written statement that executives at other companies that received bailout funds have volunteered to forgo bonuses . "  There 's no reason why those at AIG should n't do the same , " he said . Later , Dodd told CNN he is considering an unusual approach to get the bonus money back . "  One idea we 're kind of thinking about is a tax provision , " the Connecticut Democrat said . "  We have a right to tax . You could write a tax provision that 's narrowly crafted only to the people receiving bonuses . That 's a way maybe to deal with it . " Dodd said the notion is in the "  earliest of thinking " and has not been settled on as a way to resolve the issue that has set off outrage in Washington and across the country . In the House , Democrats are trying to shame AIG executives into forgoing the bonuses . They 're also investigating possible legal avenues Congress can take to force the company to return money used for bonuses , a House Democratic leadership aide and a House Financial Services Committee aide said Monday . The committee is trying to determine whether Congress can force AIG to renegotiate the bonuses , which the company says it is legally required to give employees under contracts negotiated before the company received its first infusion of bailout dollars in September , according to the committee aide . Both aides said it is unclear what authority Congress might have to force AIG to take back the bonuses . Complicating the issue , said the committee aide , is that the first infusion of cash to AIG was authorized by the Federal Reserve before Congress passed the $ 700 billion bailout bill , also known as the Troubled Assets Relief Program , which included some restrictions on executive pay . Liddy will face intense questioning about the bonuses when he testifies Wednesday before the House Financial Services subcommittee on capital markets . On the floor of the Senate on Monday , Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , issued a stinging rebuke of AIG , calling executive bonuses "  beyond outrageous . " "  Our financial sector will never heal unless the financial companies who helped create this economic crisis begin to regain the public trust . The actions of AIG do just the opposite , and every American is justified in their outrage at this breach of public trust , " he said . Who 's insured by AIG ? " New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said in a letter to Liddy that was distributed to the news media that he was "  disturbed to learn " of the bonus plan . And he threatened to issue subpoenas if the company failed to send him detailed information about who received bonuses and for how much . Read the letter to AIG  PDF "  Previously , AIG had agreed at our request to make no payments out of its $ 600 million Financial Products deferred compensation pool , " he said . He said he had already asked for the names and titles of the people who are to receive the payments , "  and it is surprising that you have yet to provide this information . " "  Covering up the details of these payments breeds further cynicism and distrust in our already shaken financial system . " He added that he also is seeking "  whatever contracts you now claim obligate you to make these payments " and the names of whoever negotiated them . "  Finally , we demand an immediate status report as to whether the payments under the retention plan have been made , " he said . The information was needed , he said , to determine whether bonus recipients "  were involved in the conduct that led to AIG 's demise and subsequent bailout " ; whether the company is "  truly required " to pay them ; whether the contracts "  may be unenforceable " because of fraud or other reasons ; and whether "  any of the retention payments may be considered fraudulent conveyances under New York law . " CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Charles Grassley suggests executives follow Japanese model Sen. Chris Dodd suggests tax provision crafted toward recipients of bonuses House committee investigating ways Congress can force AIG to renegotiate bonuses Attorney General Andrew Cuomo threatens to issue subpoenas to AIG
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Six simple words have sent Hello Kitty lovers into a spin . "  Hello Kitty is not a cat . " The apparently shocking revelation was made in an LA Times article published Wednesday about a retrospective of Kitty paraphernalia opening next month at the Japanese American National Museum . The story started innocently enough before the bombshell was dropped by Christine R. Yano , an anthropologist at the University of Hawaii , who has delved more deeply than most into the Hello Kitty phenomenon . "  That 's one correction Sanrio made for my script for the show , " Yano told the LA Times . "  Hello Kitty is not a cat . She 's a cartoon character . She is a little girl . She is a friend . But she is not a cat . She 's never depicted on all fours . She walks and sits like a two-legged creature . She does have a pet cat of her own , however , and it 's called Charmmy Kitty . " Whoa . The news reached far and wide , including backstage after the Linkin Park gig at the Minnesota State Fair . "  I just got off stage to find out that Hello Kitty is not a cat . This is worse than finding out Pluto is not a planet , " tweeted clearly shocked rapper Mike Shinoda . For those who do n't know , Hello Kitty is an international superstar who was introduced to the world in 1974 by Japanese company Sanrio . In the last 40 years her button nose has appeared on a dazzling array of merchandise , generating billions of dollars for the company . Until now , her pointy ears and whiskers gave her legion of fans the distinct impression she was feline . Wrong . Summing up the disbelief , @jkltoraay tweeted : "  You can not say hello kitty is not a cat after 40 years no human has whiskers and pointed ears and a little yellow nose . " For some , the news raised more questions than it answered . "  Been tossing and turning for the last few hours trying to figure out how Hello Kitty is n't a cat . How is it possible ? What does it mean ? " @NotKennyRogers tweeted . "  Since Hello Kitty is n't a cat , wtf is My Melody ? " tweeted @mrsunlawyer . Users raced to update Kitty 's Wikipedia entry , which now reads : "  She bears the appearance of a white Japanese bobtail cat with a red bow although she is actually a little girl . " Singer Katy Perry stepped in to try to calm the masses : "  IT 'S OKAY HELLO KITTY FANS , KITTY PURRY IS A CAT . " At last count it was retweeted more than 13,000 times . As the Sanrio website clearly states , Hello Kitty is a "  cheerful and happy little girl ... who lives in London with her mama  Mary White  , papa  George White  , and her twin sister Mimmy . " Yes , she 's also British . For the record , Kitty 's birthday is November 1 , she likes baking and making pancakes , origami and eating apple pie . Her favorite saying is "  You can never have too many friends . " She may have lost a few today . Meow .	Hello Kitty is not a cat , anthropologist reveals ahead of retrospective Interview in LA Times ricocheted around Internet among shocked fans Cat-like character is a British girl who has a twin sister and a pet cat
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell was named special envoy for the Middle East during an event at the State Department on Thursday afternoon . President Obama , left , with George Mitchell , right , who was named special Middle East envoy Thursday . The move could signal that Obama plans to get involved in the Mideast peace process early in his term . It was announced just before 3 p.m. at an event with President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Also Thursday , former U.N. Ambassador Richard Holbrooke was named special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced . Holbrooke , who worked as a diplomat , journalist and investment banker , became one of the most influential diplomats in U.S. history when he worked in the mid-90s to end the brutal fighting in the Balkans . He was the main architect of the Dayton Accords that ended the fighting in Bosnia and Herzegovina . After he was officially named Obama 's envoy , Mitchell said , "  I do n't underestimate the difficulty of this assignment . " "  The situation in the Middle East is volatile , complex and dangerous . But the president and the secretary of state have made it clear that danger and difficulty can not cause the United States to turn away , " he said . Watch Mitchell accept his appointment " Mitchell said that along with Obama and Clinton , he believed a goal of a Jewish state and a Palestinian state living side by side was possible and the conflict , even if centuries old , could end -- a lesson , he said , he learned during his negotiations in Northern Ireland . "  From my experience there , I formed the conviction that there is no such thing as a conflict that ca n't be ended , " Mitchell said . "  Conflicts are created , conducted and sustained by human beings . They can be ended by human beings . " In recent days , Obama officials talked to Israeli , Palestinian and Arab diplomats about the choice , sources close to the administration and diplomats told CNN . After Mitchell was introduced Thursday , Obama said , "  Time and again , in public service and private life , he has acted with skill and acted with integrity . He will be fully empowered at the negotiating table , and he will sustain our focus on the goal of peace . " Mitchell served as a Mideast envoy for the Bush administration , writing a 2001 report that called for a halt to Israeli settlements and greater Palestinian efforts to crack down on terror . He also was a peace broker on Northern Ireland for President Clinton . Sallai Meridor , Israel 's ambassador to the United States , released a statement Thursday saying , "  Israel holds Sen. Mitchell in high regard and looks forward to working with him on taking the next steps towards realizing a future of peace and security for Israel and her neighbors . " Meridor also said Holbrooke was a "  longstanding friend of Israel and we wish him every success . " Holbrooke called his mission "  a very difficult assignment . " "  Nobody can say the war in Afghanistan has gone well , and yet , as we speak here today , American men and women and their coalition partners are fighting a very difficult struggle against a ruthless and determined enemy without any scruples at all , " he said after his appointment was announced . But Holbrooke said , "  If our resources are mobilized and coordinated and pulled together , we can quadruple , quintuple , multiply by tenfold the effectiveness of our efforts there . " Mitchell and Holbrooke are two of several envoys who will work in the new administration . Sources say Dennis Ross , a former Mideast peace envoy for several previous administrations , will be an envoy in charge of engaging Iran , but it 's unclear what role he 'll play in light of Mitchell 's appointment . CNN 's Ed Henry and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Mitchell says a Jewish state and a Palestinian state living in peace is possible Former Senate majority leader is announced as envoy for the Middle East Richard Holbrooke named as special rep to Afghanistan , Pakistan Holbrooke is former U.N. ambassador and architect of Dayton Accords
Phallic good luck charms , wooden buildings , an amber gladiator amulet , even documents -- all these are among a huge trove of Roman artifacts preserved by a lost river in London 's financial district , archaeologists said Wednesday . The find has given an extraordinary glimpse into the bustling everyday life of Londinium , as the Roman city was known , the Museum of London Archaeology said . In the course of six months , the team has removed 3,500 metric tons of soil by hand and revealed some 10,000 finds covering the entire period of the Roman occupation of Britain , from around 40 AD to the early 5th century . Among them are leather objects and wooden walls standing to shoulder height , as well as timber plank floors . These materials rarely survive the tests of time , leading archaeologists to dub the site the "  Pompeii of the north , " the Museum of London Archaeology said . Among the finds is a mysterious leather object depicting a gladiator fighting mythical creatures that may have once adorned a chariot , it said . "  The site is a wonderful slice through the first four centuries of London 's existence , " said Sophie Jackson of the Museum of London Archaeology . "  The waterlogged conditions left by the Walbrook Stream have given us layer upon layer of Roman timber buildings , fences and yards , all beautifully preserved and containing amazing personal items , clothes and even documents -- all of which will transform our understanding of the people of Roman London . " London rail excavation unearths suspected ` plague pit ' The dig is taking place in Bloomberg Place , a three-acre site in the heart of the Roman city of London and home to the Temple of Mithras , built in the 3rd century . The temple was discovered during building work in 1954 but excavations for the construction of Bloomberg 's new European headquarters have revealed new remains . These include a previously unexcavated section of the temple , as well as rubbish and ritual deposits from the Walbrook , including Roman coins . Among the haul is what the museum says is the largest group of fist and phallus good luck charms ever recovered from one site . A hoard of pewter , coins and cow skulls thrown into a Roman well as part of a ritual have also been unearthed , as well as the remains of a complex Roman drainage system used to carry waste from industrial buildings into the Walbrook , one of London 's lost rivers , covered over and redirected by centuries of development . Experts will also examine nearly 700 boxes of pottery pieces , as well as more than 100 fragments of Roman writing tablets recovered from the site . The current excavations started with the dismantling of a 1960s reconstruction of the Temple of Mithras , a popular visitor attraction when it opened . At the peak of the dig , more than 60 archaeologists were working at the site . When work on the new Bloomberg headquarters is completed , the reconstructed Temple of Mithras and finds from the current excavation will be put on public display there . Body found under parking lot is King Richard III	Archaeologists have found some 10,000 Roman artifacts in the heart of the City of London They include unusual wooden and leather objects , preserved by the wet ground A new section of the Temple of Mithras , uncovered at the site in 1954 , has also been found The excavations are at the site of Bloomberg 's new European headquarters
CNN  -- From the day of his capture , Ratko Mladic has been as combative in custody as he was as a battlefield commander during the bloody civil war that ripped apart Yugoslavia two decades ago and saw the worst slaughter in Europe since Nazi rule . Mladic , 70 , is accused of orchestrating a horrific campaign of ethnic cleansing that included the massacre of 8,000 Muslims in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica . The former Bosnian Serb general has been indicted on 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity in the 1992-95 war that killed 200,000 people and displaced another 2.2 million people from their homes . On Monday , his lawyers filed a petition to delay his trial by six months , contending the prosecution failed to share evidence in a timely manner and that the presiding Dutch judge was biased because of his role in other trials of Serbs . The court , however , said the trial is set to open as scheduled on Wednesday morning . Mladic will face his accusers at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague , Netherlands . Among those in the courtroom will be the families of Srebrenica victims . "  Victims have waited nearly two decades to see Ratko Mladic in the dock , " said Param-Preet Singh , senior counsel in the International Justice Program at Human Rights Watch . "  His trial should lay to rest the notion that those accused of atrocity crimes can run out the clock on justice . " 2001 : Ratko Mladic captured Mladic 's trial begins after a landmark war crimes ruling last month , when another international tribunal found former Liberian President Charles Taylor guilty of aiding and abetting war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone 's notoriously brutal civil war . "  Both trials are evidence of the growing international trend to hold perpetrators of atrocities to account , no matter how senior their position , " Human Rights Watch said . Mladic eluded authorities for nearly 16 years until his capture last May , when police burst into the garden of a small house in northern Serbia . Europe 's highest-ranking war crimes suspect was discovered standing against a wall in a utility room normally used for storing farm equipment , according to a government minister . Though he was carrying two handguns , he surrendered without a fight . He was extradited for trial in the Netherlands . But from day one in custody , he has exhibited defiance and appears not to have relinquished his visceral antagonism toward his enemies . He drew a finger across his throat in court , a gesture aimed at some of the Srebrenica widows . At other times , he disrupted proceedings by putting on a hat in the courtroom and refusing to enter a plea . He has sought delays in his trial and said he is in failing health . But come Wednesday , Mladic 's long-awaited trial is set to start . In July 1995 , Mladic was in command of the Bosnian Serb Army and led his soldiers into the town of Srebrenica . In the days that followed , the soldiers systematically slaughtered nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys . Mladic was dubbed the "  Butcher of Bosnia . " Bosnia peace negotiator Richard Holbrooke once described Mladic as "  one of those lethal combinations that history thrusts up occasionally -- a charismatic murderer . " In the three decades leading up to the violent splintering of Yugoslavia , Mladic rose rapidly through the ranks of the Yugoslav army . In 1991 , he served as a front-line commander spearheading Serb forces in a yearlong war with Croatia . By the time he took to Bosnia 's battlefields , he had become a hero to many Serbs , seen as a defender of their dwindling fortunes . In May 1992 , Bosnia 's Serbian political leaders picked him to lead the assault on their Muslim enemies who clamored for independence . Mladic wasted no time galvanizing his heavily armed forces in a siege of Sarajevo , cutting the city off from the outside world . Serb forces pounded the city every day from higher ground positions , trapping Sarajevo 's ill-prepared citizens in the valley below . More than 10,000 people , mostly civilians , perished . Some observers conjured images of Sarajevo in describing Syrian attacks on the besieged city of Homs earlier this year . As the war ended in the fall of 1995 , Mladic went on the run . Shortly after Mladic was sent to The Hague last year , authorities nabbed former Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic . He was the last Yugoslav war crimes suspect at large . Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic was arrested in 2008 . And Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic was arrested in 2001 but died before his trial could be completed .	Bosnian Serb Ratko Mladic 's lawyers sought to disqualify the presiding judge But the trial will open as scheduled Wednesday Ex-general was indicted on 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity Nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys were slaughtered in Srebrenica
CNN  -- Stephen Kiprotich was born 17 years after Uganda won its first Olympic gold medal . Fast forward another 23 years , and he has the honor of being the African nation 's second athlete to triumph on sport 's biggest stage . "  I never saw John Akii-Bua run , but there are a lot of memories of him , " Kiprotich told reporters after claiming a surprise victory in the men 's marathon on the final day of London 2012 . "  I have been dreaming , ` Can I be like John Akii-Bua ? ' There is a time for everything , a time to train and a time to relax . I think today I joined the champions , so I am happy . " The late Akii-Bua won Uganda 's first Olympic gold at Munich ' 72 , when he triumphed in the 400-meter hurdles . Leo Rwabwogo won boxing silver at the same Games , having won bronze four years earlier in Mexico when Eridadi Mukwanga took home silver . The greatest Olympic distance runner ? But until Kiprotich 's success on Sunday , its only other podiums were another runnerup placing in the ring for John Mugabi at Moscow '80 and bronze for 400m runner Davis Kamoga at Atlanta ' 96 . Coached by Benjamin Longiross , who placed 62nd for Uganda in the marathon at Seoul ' 88 , Kiprotich denied Kenya -- a country where he has trained in recent years -- a second successive men 's title . Two-time world champion Abel Kirui had to make do with silver , while fellow Kenyan Wilson Kipsang claimed bronze . Kiprotich made his move after 38 of the 42 kilometers , bursting clear before taking a Ugandan flag from the crowd as he crossed the finish line in a time of two hours , eight minutes and one second . "  When the race started I thought the Kenyans would win , " Kiprotich said . "  I kept in touch and then I thought , ` Let me move ' , so I moved . "  When we came to within three miles , then I started to go on strongly . " Kipsang , who won the London marathon in April , opened up a 21-second lead at one stage but later suffered in the hot conditions . "  When Kipsang and I were together , I thought we were the only ones who would fight for the gold , " said Kirui , who finished 26 seconds behind Kiprotich . "  I thought I was going to sprint with Kipsang in the final kilometers . Surprisingly , I saw Stephen with us and it was difficult to make a move . "  He stayed with us for a long time and he made a stronger move in the end . We were closing the gap but could n't catch him . I am happy for him . " The race also featured U.S.-based South Sudanese runner Guor Marial , who finished 47th after entering as an independent competitor .	Uganda wins second gold medal of its Olympic history in men 's marathon on Sunday Stephen Kiprotich triumphs 40 years after the late John Akii-Bua won 400m hurdles in Munich It was Uganda 's first medal of any kind since Davis Kamoga won silver at Atlanta '96 Kenya 's two-time world champion Abel Kirui is second and compatriot Wilson Kipsang third
HealthCare.gov , the problem-plagued federal online site for signing up for insurance under Obamacare , will go down for extended maintenance on Friday night and overnight ahead of Saturday 's deadline to have it working for most people , the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said . The Obamacare question : Can the website handle the volume ? The work is set to last from 9 p.m. ET Friday until 8 a.m. ET Saturday . It 's not the first time the website has gone down ; the administration has frequently done regular weekend maintenance , usually on Sunday mornings . During the maintenance checks , the website 's application and enrollment system are unavailable , officials said . But one section of the website that verifies income and citizenship information , known as the Data Services Hub , will function as normal , according to officials . "  We will be making upgrades to the system that will require more than our usual four hours to complete . We 've done this on occasion in the past , " a CMS official told CNN . The administration is racing toward Saturday 's self-imposed deadline to get the site up and running as intended . For weeks , President Barack Obama and other officials have been saying a "  vast majority " of people will start having a better experience on the federal site by November 30 . It faced intense scrutiny after its botched launch on October 1 , as users frequently faced crashes , error messages and delays when trying to shop or sign up for insurance . Multiple officials , however , have repeatedly said the website wo n't be perfect by Saturday , and some problems may remain . WH : Enroll in Obamacare , but not too fast On the eve of the deadline , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius advised users to shop on the website during "  off-peak hours , " which she described as "  mornings/nights/weekends " in a blog post for Huffington Post . Officials fear another huge surge in volume that the site ca n't handle , which is what occurred around its launch in October . HealthCare.gov was originally planned to handle 50,000 concurrent users , and will reach that capacity by Saturday , a White House official said . However , big spikes in traffic -- such as the 200,000 who tried to get on at the same time on October 1 -- would cause users to go into a queue to receive e-mails advising them when to return , the official noted . Insurers : Site glitches persist CNN/ORC Poll : Are Obamacare 's flaws fixable ?	Obama administration taking down HealthCare.gov from Friday night through overnight Saturday is deadline to have site working for most Americans following fixes Botched launch of website in October was an embarrassment for President Barack Obama Friday 's action is considered extended maintenance , the administration said
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Police and protesters clashed across Nigeria on Monday amid a nationwide strike and widespread protests over a government decision that more than doubled fuel prices in the largely impoverished country . Among other incidents , police reportedly fired on protesters in the northern Nigerian state of Kano , injuring at least 13 people , according to a physician who was among the protesters . Demonstrators were gathered listening to speeches when police "  suddenly came and some were shooting and some were throwing tear gas , " Shehi Ali , vice chairman of the Nigeria Medical Association , told CNN . Ali said one protester , a 12-year-old boy , was shot in the neck . Another protester was shot in the groin , he said . "  We were trying to re-enact what took place in Egypt at Tahrir Square , " Ali said of what had been peaceful protests . Kano Police Commissioner Ibrahim Idris denied that officers fired on protesters . He said that officers were forced to use tear gas on "  miscreants and drug addicts " who had tried to storm the governor 's residence . "  These people were trying to take advantage of the situation and loot , they are criminals , " he told CNN . The protests have otherwise been largely peaceful , and officers were working alongside the Nigeria Labour Congress , one of the groups staging the nationwide strikes , Idris said . Elsewhere , Sanya Femi , a union official , said three union members had been killed by police gunfire during a peaceful protest in Lagos . But Sunday Salailo , a trade union president , said he had no reports of union members dying . There was no immediate comment from Nigerian authorities on those accounts of violence . Lagos , a city of nearly 8 million people , was eerily quiet Monday afternoon . With many businesses shut down amid a call for a nationwide strike , few cars traveled the city 's normally teeming roads . Residents had packed stores on Sunday , laying in supplies in anticipation of the protests and strikes , The Guardian newspaper of Nigeria reported . The commander of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps , Ade Abolurin , deployed 43,000 members of the paramilitary force and 160,000 volunteers in response to the planned strike and protests , warning protesters "  against indulging in criminal activities , " according to a notice posted on the organization 's Facebook page . The protests and strikes follow the government 's January 1 decision to remove fuel subsidies in the country , which is Africa 's largest oil producer . Read about what is behind the fuel strike Citizens of Africa 's most populous nation have staged "  Occupy Nigeria " mass demonstrations since the decision , with police responding forcefully in some cases . "  I am not an economist , but it is clear common sense that the removal of fuel subsidy , even if it seems to be the easiest solution , is not even an option , " said Hadiza Halliru , an Abuja protester . "  The fuel hike , which has doubled and even tripled in some states , would affect not only transportation but the price of foodstuff , clothing , any form of direct labor , construction costs . But salaries still remain the same , which means everyone who directly pays bills will be affected , especially the middle class and the poor . " Many Nigerians view the subsidy as the only benefit of living in an oil-producing country that has little infrastructure , poor roads , high unemployment and intermittent electric power . Are you there ? Share your story "  Though we know that in the long run , removal of subsidy will help the economy , for now it is a high-profile lifestyle that is unbearable for most Nigerians , and soon the poorer ones will die out , " said protester Diane Awunah , who lives in Abuja . Money saved by removing the subsidy will help improve public amenities and build much-needed infrastructure , said Reuben Abati , a spokesman for President Goodluck Jonathan . But there is a widespread lack of trust in the government to provide the infrastructure -- Nigeria is regularly voted among the most corrupt countries in the world . The nation produces around 2.4 million barrels of crude oil a day , but it imports roughly 70 % of its gasoline from countries as far afield as the United Kingdom and Venezuela , because most of its own refineries are inoperative after years of corruption-fueled neglect . In a televised address , Jonathan urged citizens to avoid "  mindless acts of violence " and said he empathized with those protesting against the government 's decision to cut fuel subsidies . "  If I were in your shoes , I probably would ... hold the same critical views about government , " the president said Saturday . The government has shunned calls to resume the subsidy , and it has ordered the distribution of mass transit buses to major cities . Jonathan said the decision to cut the subsidies will benefit the public in the future . The U.S. Embassy in Abuja warned Americans to stockpile food , conserve fuel and delay travel while the strike and protests are ongoing . CNN 's Stephanie Busari , CNN iReport 's Christina Zdanowicz and journalist Vladimir Duthiers contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 13 injured in fuel subsidy protest in northern Nigeria Conflicting reports say some protesters have died in clashes with police The government 's decision to end the subsidy has more than doubled fuel prices Government : Subsidy removal will help fund infrastructure
CNN  The man who 3-D printed and sold "  Left Shark " figurines is n't going to bow down to requests from singer Katy Perry 's lawyers to stop offering them . Fernando Sosa received a cease-and-desist letter last week from Perry 's legal representatives , demanding that he stop selling figures based on one of the backup dancing sharks from her Super Bowl halftime show . Sosa , who typically prints and sells sculptures based on politicians , had said he was going to abide by the order because "  all this lawyer crap is very stressful . " On Monday , he announced that he had changed course , had retained legal counsel and was going to fight Team Perry . "  Usually when it comes to small business owners , when the lawyers come after you the outcome is usually pretty predictable . Lawyer sends you a threatening letter and in fear of legal action you do whatever the lawyer tells you to do , " Sosa wrote in a blog post . "  I decided to finally take a stand and break the usual cycle of rolling over or giving into legal threats . " Sosa 's reps claim , among other things , that costumes can not be copyrighted and that the NFL may have had more control over the halftime show than Perry did , based on an interview she gave . "  Going ahead with these very dubious copyright claims will not benefit Katy Perry , " Sosa 's lawyer , Chris Sprigman , wrote in a letter to Perry 's legal team . Sosa plans to keep selling the shark figures for the time being . Perry 's lawyers have not responded to requests for comment .	Vendor of 3-D printed sharks plans to fight Katy Perry 's cease-and-desist order Fernando Sosa 's lawyer claims that Perry can not copyright a costume The "  left shark " from Perry 's Super Bowl halftime show went viral last week
CNN  -- By hosting "  Saturday Night Live " this weekend , Miley Cyrus might have just had the last laugh . The 20-year-old pop star has eclipsed nearly every other figure in popular culture in the weeks following her salacious twerking-with-teddy-bears routine with Robin Thicke at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards on August 25 . There was no way "  Saturday Night Live " was not going to address the subsequent tidal wave of reaction , and the sketch comedy series smartly attacked it right at the start of the cold open . With "  SNL " cast member Kenan Thompson playing a wise old-timer in the year 2045 , he recounts what led America to an apocalyptic state of destruction . "  Most folks say it was the government shutdown . Others blame Obamacare . But I remember the exact day America ended : it was the 2013 Video Music Awards , " Thompson said . Photos : Miley Cyrus wild child Cyrus was in on the joke from the start , as the camera cut to her being warned not to take the stage by "  old Miley , " as played by "  SNL 's " Miley impressionist , Vanessa Bayer .  "  I think I 'm hallucinating , " Cyrus said in a winking joke . "  I must 've smoked too much ... cigarettes . " "  Old Miley " was there to warn that the VMAs routine "  might be too controversial " and hit all the references in the process : Cyrus ' revealing costume that could potentially land her in prison ; the constant tongue wagging  "  I 'm having tiny strokes , yo ! " Cyrus explained  ; and the stuffed animals as stage props .  Cried one stuffed bear before going on stage , "  We should n't be doing this ! This is for kids ! " But in the end , Cyrus told her old self that while she knows kids look up to her as a role model , she 's still growing up herself . "  I 'm only 20 years old , I need some freedom to grow up and make mistakes , " she said . "  And no matter what happens , I promise I 'll always be true to Miley Cyrus . " Just do n't expect her to feel the same way about her former Disney character , "  Hannah Montana . " As the 20-year-old said in her opening monologue , "  I do n't apologize for my VMAs performance . If I owe anybody an apology , it 's the people who make the bottom half of shirts . There are a few subjects I 'm not going to get into tonight : I 'm not going to do Hannah Montana , but I can give you an update . She was murdered . " And thus began an extremely Miley-heavy episode of "  SNL , " as she appeared in most of the night 's sketches and gave two pared-down performances of her hits , "  We Ca n't Stop " and "  Wrecking Ball . " While she 's made headlines for both the music videos for those songs and her attire while performing them live , on "  SNL " Cyrus turned in two tasteful sets that were focused less on her dance moves and more on her voice . She also provided impersonations of a few famous faces , including Scarlett Johansson and Hillary Clinton , but the favorite of the night was her take on Michele Bachmann in a parody of her "  We Ca n't Stop " music video , "  We Did Stop  The Government  . " With Taran Killam playing Speaker John Boehner in a tight white tank and matching leggings , the parody was easily one of the night 's best sketches . Sample lyrics : "  To my government workers on the furlough , even though you 're already paid low : Remember only God can judge us , forget the haters , because somebody elected us . " One topic conspicuously missing from the broadcast was any mention of Sinead O'Connor , the singer Cyrus has been publicly battling with over social media . It all began when O'Connor wrote an open letter to Cyrus last week about her nudity and suggestiveness in the "  Wrecking Ball " music video . Cyrus hit back with a tweeted dig at O'Connor 's past mental health issues , as well as the infamous moment in 1992 when the "  Nothing Compares 2 U " singer ripped up a photo of Pope John Paul II on "  SNL . " Yet for all those who waited patiently to see how "  SNL " and Cyrus would tackle the back-and-forth -- which on Friday grew to threats of legal action -- they were left disappointed . Sinead O'Connor was n't mentioned , nor was a photo dramatically torn in her honor . Overall , the episode was smooth , light on nudity and mainly twerk-free . "  Hey , look at that , " tweeted the Huffington Post 's Mike Ryan . "  Miley Cyrus did n't just play an exaggerated version of herself and she was really good . " For The Hollywood Reporter , Cyrus ' episode outshone last week 's "  SNL " premiere with veteran Tina Fey . Even Kirstie Alley weighed in with support . So why did n't Cyrus incorporate the one dance move that 's been at the center of the insane amount of debate she 's caused ? Well , "  I used to think twerking was cool , " Cyrus explained during her monologue . "  But now that white people are doing it it seems kinda lame . "	Miley Cyrus hosted and performed as a musical guest on "  SNL " The 20-year-old poked fun at the reaction to her VMAs performance But , she said , she was n't going to apologize She appeared in several sketches throughout the night , and sang twice
CNN  -- If the word "  secretary " does n't conjure up an image for you , just run a quick Google Image search . The pencil in the mouth is a recurring motif , as are beaming women in headsets seated in front of computers . Images abound of women in low-cut blouses , legs crossed under tiny skirts , alongside head shots of Secretaries of State Madeleine Albright and Hillary Clinton . The women of "  Mad Men " hold their ground next to bondage shots of Maggie Gyllenhaal from the movie "  Secretary . " Given its cultural baggage , the term "  secretary " has been jettisoned over the past three decades . It 's why we wo n't be celebrating Professional Secretaries Day on April 25 , but rather , Administrative Professionals Day . Retiring the term made way for the "  administrator , " "  assistant " and "  support staff " of today .  It 's tucked away with the word "  stewardess . " Then why is it that billionaire Warren Buffett still has a secretary -- with a higher tax rate , as we heard over and over again this week -- and not an executive assistant ? Also on CNN : ` Secretary ' title is a blast from the past "  It 's a generational difference . Older people are used to the word secretary because that 's what everyone used to be , " said Deborah Tannen , professor of linguistics at Georgetown University . "  You can chalk it up to changing conventions and how words over time become associated with practices or habits that become out of date . " Buffett is 81 , and became chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway in 1970 , just as the term was starting to fade . Tannen has an assistant , but if she 'd had a helper 30 years ago , she probably would have called her a secretary , she said . Debbie Bosanek , Buffett 's longtime secretary , has never publicly questioned the title , and has garnered a bit of fame from her workplace in Omaha , Nebraska . She even attended the State of the Union as a guest of the White House this year . "  The word secretary , for many people , is associated with an earlier time when those jobs were held exclusively by women and women were limited to jobs like that , " Tannen said . The National Secretaries ' Association was founded in 1942 as a professional network for the growing number of women entering secretarial ranks during World War II . There were limited job opportunities for women , and the title of secretary could have some cachet . But to be a secretary was still seen as women 's work over which the glass ceiling loomed large , spokesman Ray Weikal said . By 1998 , the organization had evolved into the International Association of Administrative Professionals to encompass the growing variety of job titles and to recognize the advancing role of administrative support staff , said Weikal , who , by the way , goes by the title communications specialist . "  Over time , being a secretary became increasingly more complex and secretaries were expected to master a range of very technical jobs . In many cases , they were the ones pushing for the adoption of electric typewriters and fax machines , and they were very often the ones integrating those kinds of technology into the office , " he said . "  People who had those jobs increasingly felt the title frankly did not represent who they were as professionals , so you started to see the development of other job titles . " The shift was also about overcoming stigma , said Lynn Peril , author of "  Swimming in the Steno Pool : A Retro Guide to Making it in the Office . " "  The term secretary really did not have much positive connotation by the mid-1970s because so much cultural baggage had been attached to it by that time , " she said . What kind of baggage , exactly ? Peril has a Pinterest board dedicated to the topic , and anyone who has seen an episode of "  Mad Men " knows the markers : typists who take dictations and write memos but also serve as buxom eye candy and objects for an extramarital fling . It 's the kind of baggage that made secretaries the subjects of pulp novels with titles like "  Office Affair " and "  The Schemers " and the purported case study , "  Sex and the Secretary . " A more Nancy Drew-ish book series "  Private Secretary " drew upon themes of small town girls looking for love in the big city . "  Not every secretary was a feminist , " Peril said , "  but one of the things they realized from the feminist movement was they wanted to be treated with respect and one way to achieve that was to jettison the title ` secretary . ' " That 's not to say the title is gone . By day , Peril is a legal secretary , and says she does n't mind the title . Of the 22,000 members in the administrative professionals ' association , 15 % identified as secretaries in 2010 , up from 7 % in 2009 , Weikal said . He has no real explanation for it , but speculates it might be driven by nostalgia . "  I call it the ` Mad Men ' effect . I do n't have concrete evidence for that , but anecdotally , there 's evidence to suggest there may be a culture shift to use the title secretary . " Perhaps a better question : Does it matter ? Not according to several secretaries we talked to . "  I think everyone is on their toes about being politically correct . But I do n't think it matters , " said Jasmine Garnes , a 30-year-old executive assistant at a commercial real estate company in Atlanta . Her responsibilities run the gamut from scheduling meetings to organizing conferences . As long as the paycheck clears , "  It 's basically the same job with a different title . It means you have a job . "	Term "  secretary " faded in an effort to distance profession from smutty stigma As secretaries ' duties expanded , many felt the title no longer fit the role Debbie Bosanek , Buffett 's longtime secretary , has never publicly questioned the title Many executive assistants and administrative support staff say the title is meaningless
The mother of a teen with autism who went missing three weeks ago declared Friday , "  My son , he is alive . " Her comments followed the police commissioner 's assessment that the department was "  not hopeful " of finding 14-year-old Avonte Oquendo alive . "  My thoughts are that my son is still out there and I want everyone to continue to help me search for my son . He is not gone , " Vanessa Fontaine said Friday at a press conference outside of the school in Long Island City where her son ran away October 4 . Sniffer dogs , video cameras , a search of the sewer system , missing-persons posters and fliers filling the streets , subway alerts and messages in city newspapers , and divers with sonar -- none of it has led officers to Avonte . "  Obviously we have devoted a tremendous amount of resources to the search , " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN affiliate WABC on Thursday . "  Unfortunately , we are not hopeful that we 're going to find this young man alive , but we are continuing our search . " Fontaine wants police to try new tactics in their search . "  I do n't know what the commissioner was thinking of last night by saying that , but my son , he is alive , he is out there ... it 's just that we are not looking in the right places , " Fontaine told reporters . Autism facts Bloodhounds Avonte was last seen on surveillance video running out of Center Boulevard School . Three hours later , bloodhounds traced his scent to a marsh near his school , but lost the trail , a source close to the investigation said . An hour later , the bloodhounds picked up his scent again , this time at a nearby subway station , the source said . Avonte is fascinated by trains , his family has said . The New York Police Department has focused its search on rail yards , train stations , tracks and tunnels . All 468 New York City subway stations have been searched , and aviation , harbor and canine units have periodically helped , the NYPD said . Announcements have been made in subway stations urging commuters to keep an eye out for the missing boy . Recording of mother 's voice used in search for missing autistic teen A mother 's worries Fontaine told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " last week that she believed her son was alive and that someone may have been holding him . "  My message to my son is that I love him , and we 're going to find him , " she said . "  You 'll come home to your family . And for anyone who has him , please be kind and to let him go . " A reward of $ 77,500 has been offered for his safe return . Police said Avonte was last seen wearing a gray striped shirt , black jeans and black sneakers . He is 5 feet , 3 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds .	Boy is alive , mom says Three weeks of searching have left New York police with little hope of finding him Search has included sonar , sniffer dogs , video camera scans , search of sewer system Police have searched all 468 New York City subway stations
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Eight U.S. service members and an American civilian contractor were killed Wednesday in a shooting at an Afghan air force compound in Kabul , officials said . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan said an Afghan military pilot opened fire on international troops , sparking a "  gunfight . " The Taliban , however , claimed responsibility for the attack and said it had been working with the shooter for some time -- an assertion that NATO denied . Also denying the Taliban claim was the brother of the pilot . "  My brother had no connections with the Taliban , and I deny any claims of his connection by the Taliban , " Dr. Mohammad Hosain Sahebi told a local Afghan TV station in a telephone interview . He said his brother , Ahmad Gull , 48 , was in the Afghan Air Force for several years and was injured many times in plane crashes . The Afghan military , however , listed the pilot as being 50 years old . "  My brother had mental sickness as the result of the plane crashes in '80s and also he had economic problems , too , " Sahebi told local television . One witness , Jon Mohammad , a military pilot at Kabul Airport , told CNN that he jumped from a second floor window to the ground during the incident . He saw foreigners laying on the ground inside the first floor , he said . "  He was religious person , but I 'm not sure if he had mental illness , " Mohammad said of Gull , the pilot . The shooting started at the Afghan national air force compound at North Kabul International Airport after an argument between the Afghan pilot and an international colleague , officials said . The NATO-led force said the Afghan military pilot opened fire on international trainers and a "  gunfight " ensued . "  A 50-year-old man opened fire at armed U.S. military soldiers inside the airport after an argument between them turned serious , " said Col. Baha Dur , chief of public relations for the Afghan National Army at Kabul military airport . NATO said the confrontation took place at 10:25 a.m. at the airport , where a quick-reaction force responded to a "  small arms fire incident . " The airport is home to NATO Air Training Command Afghanistan . An initial report indicates the attack occurred in a meeting room at the Afghan Air Force headquarters , a location operated and secured by Afghans , a U.S. military official told CNN . The NATO-led force is investigating , the official said . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the killings "  by an Afghan military pilot . " Zaher Azimi , a spokesman for the Afghan Defense Ministry , said the killings upset Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak and that "  he shares the pain with the families of the victims . " Despite the account by international troops , a Taliban spokesman said a man named Azizullah was responsible . "  One suicide attacker ... managed to attack an Afghan military unit and has managed to kill many Afghan and international soldiers , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said . The Taliban said the man killed nine foreigners and five Afghans before being killed by the Afghan army . "  We had worked hard on this plan for a long time , " Mujahid told CNN . "  He was cooperating with us since long time and he was providing us information about military air operations for a long time . " NATO disputed the Taliban claim . "  We do not know why it started but there is no indication that a suicide bomber was involved and there are no reports that someone managed to get into the base to do this , " the NATO-led force said in a statement . The Taliban has claimed responsibility for previous conflicts between NATO service members and members of the Afghan military . CNN could not independently verify the group 's claims . The Taliban said the man was once a pilot in an Afghan regime in the late 1980s and early 1990s . "  Since the current Afghan air forces have no planes , he was just going to Kabul airport to show up and earn his salary for a long time , " Mujahid told CNN . The man "  was holding the rank of colonel at the time and he had an AK-47 with him . After his bullets were finished , then he was shot to death by armed forces , " Mujahid told CNN . There was confusion about the death toll . The NATO-led force initially said six service members were killed . It raised that toll to nine but backed away temporarily before saying again that the shooting killed nine people -- eight international service members and a civilian contractor . The Pentagon confirmed that all were Americans . Later Wednesday NATO announced that two additional service members were killed in attacks elsewhere in the country , bringing the day 's total number of NATO casualties to at least 11 . Violence between Afghan forces and NATO troops is a matter of extreme concern for NATO officials , and it is growing in frequency . There have been 36 NATO deaths in the past two years attributed to attacks by people perceived to be Afghan soldiers or police . Officials fear that the increasing frequency of the attacks could undermine trust between NATO troops and the Afghans they are working hard to prepare so they can eventually take over security in the country . The Taliban 's claim that the Afghan gunman was their recruit follows a now-familiar pattern of the insurgency stating that attacks are theirs , even though NATO later suggests the gunman was acting out of personal motivation . Out of 16 incidents of Afghan forces shooting NATO personnel that NATO has investigated , eight have been determined to be motivated by combat stress on the part of the Afghan attacker . The other eight investigations are undetermined . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Joe Sterling and Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. military official : A report says the shooting occurred in a meeting room NEW : Two additional NATO troops are killed in separate attacks The nine slain at the air force compound were Americans , the Pentagon says The Taliban claims responsibility for the shooting
Barcelona  Mashable  -- Did n't we tell you that the lines between smartphones and tablets are blurred ? Case in point : the Asus Fonepad , a 7-inch tablet that 's also a phone . Beware : the Fonepad is a completely different device than the PadFone Infinity . There 's no smartphone-becomes-tablet witchery here ; the Fonepad is a 7-inch tablet , powered by Android 4.1 and sporting a 3G chip . You can use it to make calls , although we do n't think a 7-inch device is ideal for the task . The Fonepad looks pretty much exactly like Google 's Nexus 7 , which is hardly surprising since Asus makes that device as well . However , the Fonepad is very different from most other Android tablets in a one important way : it 's powered by the new Intel Atom Z2420 processor  for comparison , the Nexus 7 is powered by ARM 's Cortex-A9 CPU  . More from Mobile World Congress : Future of mobile is virtual reality , says Android Intel vice president Hermann Eul claims the processor "  delivers the power , performance and flexibility required to accommodate a range of devices and market needs . " However , the actual CPU model in the Fonepad is a single-core Atom clocked to 1.2 GHz , which does n't inspire confidence . With our short time with the Fonepad , we 've tested Eul 's claim , and we can say that the Fonepad feels snappy , on par with other tablets of its size of the iOS and Android variety . Other specs include a 1280x800 7-inch IPS screen , 8/16GB of storage  expandable via SD memory cards  , and a 3-megapixel camera that can record 720p video . All of that is crammed into a case that weighs 340g and is 10.4 mm thick . The device will be available from March 2013 , with prices starting at â ‚ ¬ 219  $ 286  for the 8GB version . How do you like the Fonepad ? Would you buy an Intel-powered Android tablet ? Share your thoughts in the comments . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Presenting : the Asus Fonepad , a 7-inch tablet that 's also a phone The Android-powered device features a new Intel Atom processor , and claims superior specs to Google 's Nexus 7 The device is released March 2013 , with prices starting at $ 286
CNN  -- Anti-establishment candidates are capitalizing on widespread anti-incumbent fervor and proposing term limits as a way to bring the power back to the people . As political hopefuls try to persuade voters to send them to Congress , they 're also promising they wo n't be there long . Kentucky Republican Senate candidate Rand Paul said that if elected , he ca n't see himself serving more than two terms . In Rhode Island , Democratic congressional hopeful Bill Lynch has proposed a 12-year cap in the House and Senate . And in Maryland , Republican Andy Harris has assured voters that , should he go to the U.S. House , he 'll be out of there by 2023 . It 's a message that polls well and gets applause at campaign rallies , but David King , director of Harvard 's program for Newly Elected Members of the U.S. Congress , said term limits do more harm than good . "  It 's political junk food . It tastes good but hurts the body politic in the long run , " he said . Advocates and opponents of term limits are after the same thing : keeping the power out of the hands of lobbyists and special interests . King says term limits do the opposite by taking the business of lawmaking away from elected representatives and giving it to professional staff and lobbyists . Instead , the elections process needs better campaign finance laws and a more engaged electorate , he said . "  That leads to a situation in which we reward politicians or statesmen or stateswoman who have been around for a long time and are terrific , while at the same time being able to get rid of the low-quality legislators at all levels , " King said . But Philip Blumel , president of U.S. Term Limits , points to the high re-election rates as evidence of the need for term limits . Re-election rates have hovered around 96 percent in the House and 85 percent in the Senate over the past 10 years , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The average length of service for lawmakers in the current session of Congress is 5.5 terms in the House and 2.2 terms in the Senate , according to the Congressional Research Service . "  You have a situation where you have a long-standing relationship between special interests and an incumbent who ca n't lose , and that is a toxic combination , and that 's most of the Congress , " Blumel said . "  Term limits ensure regular , competitive elections . They permit change . " It 's a debate as old as the Constitution that term-limit supporters hope to amend . Alexander Hamilton spoke against limits , writing in Federalist Paper No. 72 that , "  Nothing appears more plausible at first sight , nor more ill-founded upon close inspection . " Thomas Jefferson , however , said term limitation , at least of the president , was necessary "  to prevent every danger which might arise to American freedom from continuing too long in office . " After the Constitution was drafted , Jefferson said one aspect he disliked was "  the abandonment in every instance of the necessity of rotation in office , and most particularly in the case of the President . " "  If you value rotation in office , like the founders did , we need some kind of codified term limits , " Blumel said . Fifteen states have term limits for state lawmakers . Another six states have agreed to term limits in the past , but the limits were repealed by the legislature or overturned by the courts , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Most of the states with term limits got them through a ballot initiative , a process that only 24 states have . Jennie Bowser , who tracks term limits for the NCSL , said that while voters are generally supportive of term limits , some studies have shown negative effects that are n't obvious to the average voter , such as a loss of influence in the legislature to the executive branch and a loss of policy champions who spend years building expertise in certain subjects . "  They 're sort of inside the legislature , under-the-dome kind of things that people who are close to the legislature notice ... but no legislature has had to go out of business because term limits wrecked them , so it 's not stuff that is visible to voters , " she said . The new wave of calls for term limits is reminiscent of the lead-up to the 1994 elections . Armed with a legislative agenda called the "  Contract with America , " Republicans put forth a message with an emphasis on term limits . The GOP took back control of the House and Senate for the first time in nearly 50 years , and , for the first time ever , the House voted on legislation that would limit representatives to six two-year terms and senators to two six-year terms . The vote was 227 -- 204 -- a simple majority , but not the two-thirds required for a constitutional amendment . At the time , 23 states had passed laws imposing term limits on their federal lawmakers , but in May of 1995 , two months after the House vote , the Supreme Court ruled that doing so was unconstitutional . "  Allowing individual States to adopt their own qualifications for congressional service would be inconsistent with the Framers ' vision of a uniform National Legislature representing the people of the United States . If the qualifications set forth in the text of the Constitution are to be changed , that text must be amended , " Justice John Paul Stevens wrote . In order to pass a constitutional amendment on term limits , the House and Senate would have to pass legislation with a two-thirds majority , and then three-fourths of the state legislatures would have to ratify it . South Carolina Republican Sen. Jim DeMint introduced a bill to limit lawmakers to six years in the House and 12 years in the Senate . DeMint 's bill has yet to come up for a vote , but for Blumel , the outlook is good . "  There are periods in history where term limits are at the fore , and if the people of the country want them and demand them now , we have as good a chance as any that we ever had to have them . So it 's an exciting time , " he said . But King says that even if the idea had the support of the president and Congress , he is confident that the American public would reject it . "  The evidence after 20 years of this in state legislatures is crystal clear : term limits empower special interests , lobbyists and long-time staffers and they work against the interests of the American people , " he said . The reason the issue polls well , King said , is because there has n't been a vigorous dialogue about it . "  People are reacting by their instinct and anger , which is understandable . But sometimes instinct and anger take us in the wrong direction , " he said .	Some candidates making term limits a key part of their platforms It would require a constitutional amendment to enact limits on federal lawmakers Opponent says term limits hand power to special interests , long-time staffers Advocate says high re-election rates are proof Congress needs term limits
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- They walked into the office Wednesday , led by Amon Gabriel , 9 , and asked to speak to Florida Gov. Rick Scott . He was n't in the office , the receptionist replied , apologizing . "  Thank you . We 'll wait , " said one of the protesters . The Dream Defenders , like many groups and individuals appalled by Stand Your Ground laws around the nation , are n't seeking a casual sit-down with their elected official ; rather , they want to take him to task for defending the self-defense provision . About 30 of them came early Wednesday , and more were expected later in the day . "  I 'm upset but I 'm not using it in , like , a physical punching way , " Amon explained . "  I 'm using it in a talking and calmly way . " The governor was on business in Pensacola and Panama City , and it was n't clear when he might return to Tallahassee . The Dream Defenders said they 'd stand vigil inside the Capitol , outside the governor 's office , 24-7 until Scott agreed to meet . "  We 'd like the repeal of stand your ground or some type of modification where we can hold people responsible to a level that humanity expects , where we do n't have 17-year-olds getting gunned down with no justice for them and their families , " the group 's legal and policy director , Ahmad Abuznaid , said . Stevie Wonder says he 'll boycott ` stand your ground ' states Though George Zimmerman 's defense never cited Stand Your Ground laws in their case , the jury was instructed to consider them during deliberations . The jury acquitted Zimmerman of all charges in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin , an unarmed 17-year-old . The Florida version of the law states , "  A person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any other place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force , including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to prevent death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony . " Eight other states have laws worded similarly , while 22 total states , including Florida , have laws stating residents have no "  duty " to retreat from a would-be attacker , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Civil rights groups attack the laws as racially motivated and are planning nationwide demonstrations . Stevie Wonder is refusing to perform in any state with such a law . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the laws "  try to fix something that was never broken " and now encourage "  violent situations to escalate in public . " But just as adamantly as the laws are decried , the National Rifle Association has stood by the measure it helped many states adopt . "  The attorney general fails to understand that self-defense is not a concept , it 's a fundamental human right , " said Chris W. Cox , executive director of the National Rifle Association 's Institute for Legislative Action . "  To send a message that legitimate self-defense is to blame is unconscionable . " As for those Dream Defenders hoping to speak with the Florida governor , their protest may be futile . Scott 's office noted that a gubernatorial task force recommends the law stay in place , though with minor tweaks , including limiting neighborhood watch to observing and reporting . Daniel Webster , director of Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research , said he doubts the protests will change anything . Overturning laws is n't incredibly common already , and with Stand Your Ground , there are complicating factors . The NRA is strong in the 22 states that have the laws , and "  I think there is some popular appeal to the notion , the very general notion that citizens should be able to protect themselves and you should n't have to , in essence , run from crime . " Also , the laws are relatively new , most of them enacted in the past eight years , and it 's unlikely the same legislators who put Stand Your Ground laws on the books would suddenly be inclined to think they were wrong . "  The more common response is they 're going to dig their heels , " he said . As a parallel , Webster offered the "  Draconian " drug-sentencing laws of the 1980s , which hugely expanded incarceration rates , were outrageously expensive and did little in the way of improving public safety . Yet , the country is only now examining those laws and considering their repeal . "  I assume , in part , that 's because the people who passed them are no longer there , " Webster said . The trickiest factor , however , is that proponents and opponents of Stand Your Ground can find in the Zimmerman case facts to support their beliefs , he said . One side believes Trayvon attacked Zimmerman , and ZImmerman had no choice but to fire his weapon to defend himself . The other side believes Zimmerman racially profiled Trayvon , followed him against a dispatcher 's order , then shot a teen who was only reacting , perhaps out of fear , to being followed . "  You can find whatever you want to back your assumptions , " Webster said . Putting on his gun policy expert hat , Webster said he felt the laws are a "  very bad idea , " and they do n't do what they were intended to do : deter criminals and protect the citizenry . After Florida expanded its so-called "  Castle Doctrine " laws to a Stand Your Ground provision in 2005 , the National District Attorneys Association released a report . It said a "  diminished sense of public safety " after 9/11 , a lack of confidence in the criminal justice system 's ability to protect victims , a perception that due process trumps victims ' rights and a decrease in gun legislation spurred the creation of Stand Your Ground laws . The study cited concerns from law enforcement officials , including doubts that it would deter criminals . "  There must be appreciation among the would-be criminals that deadly force can be used against them , leading to a change in criminal behavior , " the study said . "  Unfortunately , attendees at the NDAA symposium expressed little confidence that criminals would take the provisions of the Castle Doctrine into consideration before committing a crime . " Webster pointed to a Texas A&M University study examining crime in more than 20 states that passed Castle Doctrine or Stand Your Ground laws from 2000 to 2010 . Researchers found that not only was there no decrease in robbery , burglary and aggravated assault , but there was an 8 % spike in reported murders and non-negligent manslaughter . "  The data are pretty compelling , showing that it increased justifiable homicides and it increased homicides overall , " Webster said . "  In all likelihood , it really led to more altercations similar to the Zimmerman-Martin exchange . " CNN 's Rich Phillips in Tallahassee and In Session 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Protesters vow to stay at Florida governor 's office 24-7 until he meets with them 22 states have laws saying residents have no "  duty " to retreat from attackers National Rifle Association defends laws , saying self-defense is a "  human right " Gun policy expert : Laws a "  very bad idea , " research shows they increase homicide
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- One of Osama bin Laden 's sons has left Spain after he was denied asylum in the country , an Interior Ministry spokeswoman told CNN Saturday . Omar bin Laden pictured earlier this year during a television interview in Rome , Italy . Omar bin Laden left Madrid Saturday afternoon en route to Cairo , Egypt , she said . The ministry did not divulge why his request was denied . Spain 's decision came after bin Laden appealed the country 's initial decision Wednesday to deny him asylum . The man , who is married to a British citizen , previously was denied asylum in Britain . He holds a Saudi passport . Bin Laden , who is in his late 20s , stepped off a plane from Cairo at Madrid 's Barajas International Airport during a stopover late Monday and informed authorities that he planned to request asylum , the spokeswoman said . He was taken to a secure area of the airport for asylum seekers while his request was processed . He prepared his formal asylum request Tuesday at the airport with the help of a translator , the spokeswoman said . It was not known on what grounds bin Laden based his request . He has publicly called on his father -- who is the leader of al Qaeda and the world 's most-wanted man -- to abandon terrorism . Last year , 7,664 people requested asylum in Spain . The government granted that status to only 570 , the spokeswoman said .	Osama bin Laden 's son leaves Spain after he was denied asylum Omar bin Laden , who is married to British citizen , was denied asylum in UK He has publicly called on his father to abandon terrorism
CNN  -- Two words , delivered with index finger punctuating the air and directed at the president of the United States , made a little-known South Carolina congressman one of the most controversial men on the Internet -- at least Wednesday heading into Thursday . Many Facebook and Twitter users condemned Rep. Joe Wilson for his outburst toward President Obama . As soon as Rep. Joe Wilson was identified as the person whose angry and audible outburst disrupted President Obama 's health care speech to Congress , condemnation was swift -- and brutal . Within minutes , someone had altered Wilson 's entry on the online encyclopedia Wikipedia : "  He is a -LSB- expletive -RSB- that called the president of the United States a liar on national television and has no respect for the office he holds . " When the Web site scrubbed the sentence , an even more offensive entry wormed its way in . iReport.com : "  You are disrespectful , sir " Soon , the site disabled edit options for Wilson 's entry , chalking it up to "  vandalism . " On Twitter , post after post urged users to condemn Wilson 's breach of protocol , listing his Web site address and his congressional office phone number . Web surfers who visited http://www.joewilson.house.gov/ were greeted with the message : "  This site is down for maintenance . Please check back again soon . " Those who called his office number either could not get through because the line was busy , or could not leave a message because the phone continued to ring without activating voice mail . "  If he 's the face of the GOP , we 'll have public option by Columbus Day ! " wrote Andisheh Nouraee , a columnist for Creative Loafing , an alternative weekly in Atlanta , Georgia . Democrats on Capitol Hill piled on the condemnation as well . "  Biggest disappointment of evening , the total lack of respect show by one member for the president , " wrote Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri . "  Never acceptable to behave like a jerk . " As "  Joe Wilson " trended on Twitter as the most popular conversation topic -- and on Google among the most searched terms -- the lawmaker 's supporters fought back . Many set up Twitter accounts and posted their first tweets Wednesday night and early Thursday . "  You have nothing to apologize for . You should be applauded for standing up and speaking the truth , " said Jamie Sawyer of Madison , Wisconsin . "  Good for him ! Too bad he had to apologize " was a comment on the Lonely Conservative blog . "  At last the little man found his voice tonight and called Obama what he surely is , a liar , " said another blog , Sunlit Uplands . By early Thursday , genuine tweets about Wilson were interspersed with ads for male erectile dysfunction : "  Joe Wilson Cialis $ 1.9 Viagra $ 1.1  Web site address  " Though Wilson issued an apology , saying his emotions got the best of him , few online bought it . Watch Obama react to the "  You lie ! " outburst " On the Internet , where speculation runs rife , tweeters pointed to a comment Wilson posted on Labor Day as evidence that his outburst was planned : "  Happy Labor Day ! Wonderful parade at Chapin , many people called out to oppose Obamacare which I assured them would be relayed tomorrow to DC , " the tweet from Wilson 's account said . On Facebook , where users are n't impeded by Twitter 's 140-character limitation , a prolonged and nasty war of words dominated Wilson 's page . "  I have no problem being called a liberal hack by illogical , fear filled , unintelligent people . and actually , I will take it as a complement , " wrote Janine Feczko . Name-calling was met by ad hominem attacks : "  Janine , I 'm sure in the trailer park where you live they gush over your incredible intellect and witty commentary . After all that toothless grin and tripple chin screams Harvard Law , " wrote Dan Colgan . Nine hundred and 10 comments later , the battle raged on early Thursday . Amid all this , the campaign of Democrat Rob Miller , who hopes to unseat the Republican Wilson in next year 's midterm elections , raked in the dough : more than $ 200,000 from 5,000 individuals overnight and Thursday morning after Obama 's speech , according to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . Finally , there were those who found humor in Wilson 's heckle . A hastily created Web site , JoeWilsonIsYourPreExistingCondition , hurled a new insult at the politician with every click of the refresh button . "  Joe Wilson poured salt on your lawn , " said one . Refresh . "  Joe Wilson traded the dead batteries in walkman for the fresh ones in your TV remote . " Refresh . "  Joe Wilson yells ` Freebird ' at concerts . " Not everyone , however , was busy assigning blame to Wilson . Los Angeles actor and comic Paul Scheer decided to shoulder it . "  I apologize 4 yelling ` liar ' during Obama 's speech , " he jokingly wrote . "  Sen McCain ate my Kit Kat while I was in the bathroom & he pretended like he did n't . "	Little-known South Carolina congressman shouts , "  You lie ! " at President Obama Wikipedia disables editing for Rep. Joe Wilson 's entry , citing "  vandalism " Name-calling rampant on Facebook and Twitter as political passions run high
CNN Student News  -- September 23 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Georgia Corrales , New Mexico Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- A third oil holding tank has gone up in flames at the Amuay oil refinery in northwestern Venezuela , Oil and Mining Minister Rafael Ramirez said Monday . The death toll has risen to 48 , Stella Lugo , governor of the state of Falcon said Monday , two days after an initial explosion there . "  We have been serious , transparent and honest with the  death  figures , " she added . On Sunday , President Hugo Chavez arrived at the refinery to survey the damage . Speaking to reporters , he said it was too early to speculate what could have caused the blast , which injured more than 80 people . "  There was a leak . The gas formed a cloud and it exploded . We must investigate why , " Chavez said . The president declared three days of mourning . The early Saturday blast damaged refinery infrastructure and ripped through nearby houses . Among the dead were 18 members of the national guard and 15 civilians , according to Vice President Elias Jaua , state-run VTV reported . 20 killed in Venezuela prison violence In total , 209 homes and 11 businesses were damaged , Jaua said . The refinery -- one of the world 's largest -- is part of the giant Paraguana complex in Falcon state . Venezuela , a founding member of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , is one of the world 's largest oil exporters . U.S. gasoline prices rise again The nation has a refinery capacity of more than 1 million barrels per day , according to OPEC . The organization said Venezuela 's oil revenues represent some 94 % of the country 's export earnings , more than half of federal budget revenues and some 30 % of gross domestic product . The South American country ships a large percentage of its exports to the United States . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Death toll rises to 48 , two days after an initial explosion there , governor says Scores more people were injured The blast damaged refinery infrastructure and ripped through nearby homes On Sunday , President Hugo Chavez arrived at the refinery to survey the damage
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- U.S. drone strikes targeted al Qaeda hideouts in southern Yemen on Wednesday , killing 27 suspected militants , local government officials said . No senior al Qaeda leaders died in the attack in the Shabwa province town of Azzan , the officials said . The strikes ' targets included a home suspected of harboring militants , three senior security officials said . The defense ministry had earlier said that 30 people died in Azzan airstrikes , but did not say whether the fatalities were caused by the drone strikes or Yemeni forces , who were also conducting airstrikes in the area . Militants headed to Azzan after they lost control of Abyan province Tuesday , sending the town 's residents fleeing over fear of more strikes . Obama ramps up covert war in Yemen "  Azzan is where we expect the militants to seek shelter after the fall of Jaar , " said a senior security official . "  It 's their last stronghold in Yemen . " The officials did not want to be named because they are not authorized to talk to the news media . Al Qaeda denied in a statement posted no jihadist websites that any militants were killed and said that 10 drone strikes were conducted in Shabwa . At least 14 U.S. drone strikes were conducted over the past two days in both southern provinces , security officials said . One of the strikes targeted the convoy of Jalal Beleidi , a top commander of the Ansar al-Sharia Islamist militant group . Beleidi , who was fleeing Jaar on his way to the coastal town of Shaqra , escaped unharmed , the officials said . Yemeni forces are patrolling major towns in the province in search for militants , witnesses said . The defense ministry said the road linking Abyan to Aden reopened after militants lost control of the province . Yemen is sending hundreds of troops to Jaar to maintain control of the town , officials said . Three-hundred al Qaeda militants fled Tuesday , said Jamal al-Aqel , the governor of Abyan , who urged the government to help rebuild the province . More than 150,000 Abyan residents were displaced last year after fleeing the war . They are living in shelters in neighboring Aden and Lahj provinces . The new government plans to search for al Qaeda sleeper cells in major Yemeni cities , said Ali Saeed Obaid , a spokesman for the military committee , the country 's highest military authority . See all of our coverage of drones on CNN 's Security Clearance	No senior al Qaeda leaders die in the attack in a southern province , officials say Defense ministry : 30 people killed in airstrikes Unclear whether the fatalities were caused by drone strikes or Yemeni forces
CNN  -- A Texas district court judge Friday reversed the conviction of a man who died in prison nearly a decade ago , almost two decades into a prison sentence for a rape he swore he did not commit , CNN affiliate KXAN reported . Timothy Cole died in prison while serving a sentence for a rape DNA tests show he did not commit . Timothy Cole was convicted and sentenced to 25 years in prison for the 1985 rape of 20-year-old Michele Mallin . He maintained his innocence , but it was not confirmed by DNA until years after his 1999 death , when another inmate confessed to the rape . In the courtroom of Judge Charlie Baird Friday afternoon , Mallin , now 44 , faced Jerry Johnson , the man who confessed to the rape . "  What you did to me , you had no right to do , " she told him angrily , according to Austin 's KXAN . "  You 've got no right to do that to any woman . I am the one with the power now , buddy . " Cole 's family also addressed Johnson . "  He 'll never have the chance to have children , " Cole 's mother , Ruby Session , said . "  I want you to know he was a fine young man . " Johnson has been in prison since 1985 on two convictions for aggravated sexual assault , according to the Texas Department of Corrections . He was given a life sentence for the rape of a 15-year-old girl , and a jury later tacked on a 99-year sentence for another rape , according to the Lubbock , Texas , Avalanche-Journal . He can not be charged with the Mallin case , as the statute of limitations has expired . Johnson also spoke Friday . "  I am responsible , " he said . "  I say I am truly sorry . " Then a student at Texas Tech University in Lubbock , Mallin was walking to her car , intending to move it to another parking lot , when a man approached her asking about jumper cables , she said . In a matter of seconds , he put her in a choke hold and held a knife to her neck . He forced himself into her car and drove her to the outskirts of town , where he raped her . The next day , police investigators showed Mallin pictures of possible suspects . She chose a picture of Cole and said he was her attacker . She later identified him in a physical lineup , according to the Innocence Project of Texas . "  I was positive , " she said . "  I really thought it was him . " But there was one detail : Mallin told police her attacker was a smoker . "  He was smoking the entire time . " Cole , who suffered from severe asthma , "  was never a smoker , " said his brother , Cory Session . "  He took daily medications -LSB- for asthma -RSB- when he was younger . " "  He was the sacrificial lamb . To them , my brother was the Tech rapist , there was no backtracking . It was the trial of the decade for Lubbock . " The "  Tech rapist " attacked four women other than Mallin -- abducting them in parking lots near campus and driving them to a vacant location , where he would rape them and flee on foot , according to the Innocence Project of Texas . The rapist "  terrorized " the Texas Tech campus in the mid-1980s , the organization said . Cole , like Mallin , was a student at Texas Tech . He had finished two years of college previously and was returning to school after spending two years in the Army , his brother said . But his dreams of getting married and having children never materialized . He was arrested and charged with Mallin 's rape , declining a plea bargain offer that would have put him on probation . A jury convicted him and imposed a 25-year sentence . That night , "  he hugged my mother and he said , ` Mother , why these people lie on me , why they do this to me ? ' " Cole 's brother Reggie Session recounted for the Avalanche-Journal , which published a three-part series on the case in June . "  He said , ` They know I ai n't done nothing to that girl . I do n't even know that girl . Why they do this to me , mother ? ' ... He cried in my mother 's arms on the floor . " Later , while in prison , Cole rejected an offer of parole that would have required him to admit guilt . "  His greatest wish was to be exonerated and completely vindicated , " his mother , Ruby Session , told KXAN . But the asthma that plagued Cole throughout his life brought about his death on December 2 , 1999 . The cause was determined to be heart complications due to his asthmatic condition . He was 39 . It was 2007 when a letter addressed to Cole arrived at his family 's home , written by Johnson . Read the letter " "  You may recall my name from your 1986 rape trial in Lubbock , " says the letter , dated May 11 , 2007 . "  Your Lubbock attorney , Mike Brown , tried to show I committed the rape . "  I have been trying to locate you since 1995 to tell you I wish to confess I did in fact commit the rape Lubbock wrongly convicted you of . It is very possible that through a written confession from me and DNA testing , you can finally have your name cleared of the rape ... if this letter reaches you , please contact me by writing so that we can arrange to take the steps to get the process started . Whatever it takes , I will do it . " Johnson did not know Cole had died . In fact , according to the Avalanche-Journal , he had been writing to court officials for years to confess to the rape , but got nowhere . Upon finding out that Cole was dead , Johnson wrote he "  cried and felt double guilty , even though I know the system 's at fault , " according to the Avalanche-Journal . "  A day later , I am still bothered , terribly , by the death revelation . Because , not knowing Mr. Cole at all , I wonder if the wrongful incarceration contributed to his death . " The Innocence Project became involved after Cole 's family received Johnson 's letter . DNA tests confirmed that Johnson was Mallin 's attacker . Now , Cole 's family hopes the court hearing will be the final step in clearing his name . Mallin is helping them . "  I was very traumatized , " she said . "  I was scared for my life . I tried my hardest to remember what he looked like . "  I 'm trying to get his name cleared . It 's the right thing to do . " Cory Session said , "  We do n't blame Michele . She 's very gracious . " CNN 's Ed Lavendera contributed to this report .	Timothy Cole was sentenced for 1985 Lubbock rape Cole refused to admit guilt to get shorter prison term ; he died in 1999 DNA tests proved his innocence after another man confessed
CNN  -- Edith "  Edie " Windsor lost her spouse in 2009 , her grief compounded by an estate tax bill much larger than other married couples would have to pay . Because her decades-long partner was also a woman , the federal government in legal terms did not recognize the same-sex marriage , even though their home state of New York did . "  I was devastated by the loss of the great love of my life , and I was also very sick , then had to deal with pulling together enough money to pay for the taxes , " Windsor , 83 , told CNN . "  And it was deeply upsetting . " That fundamental unfairness as Windsor and her supporters see it , is at the center of legal fight now awaiting action at the U.S. Supreme Court . Victory for lesbian , years after her longtime partner 's death The justices will meet privately Friday for a closed-door conference to decide if they will accept any of 10 pending appeals , essentially over whether a fundamental constitutional right for gays and lesbians to marry exists . If they agree to hear the issue , oral arguments would be likely be held in March with a ruling by late June . The political , social , and legal stakes of this long-simmering debate will once again put the high court at the center of national attention , a contentious encore to their summer ruling upholding the massive health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama . Earlier this month , voters in Maryland , Washington , and Maine approved same-sex marriage , adding to the six states and the District of Columbia that already have done so . Minnesota voters also rejected an effort to ban such unions through a constitutional amendment . Is there a national consensus ? As more states legalize same-sex marriage , one of the key questions the justices may be forced to address is whether a national consensus now exists supporting the idea of expanding an "  equal protection " right of marriage to homosexuals . Three separate issues confront the justices , who are likely to only accept only one for review in coming months . These include federal benefits , state benefits and state referendums . The Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , is a 1996 congressional law that says for federal purposes , marriage is defined as only between one man and one woman . That means federal tax , Social Security , pension , and bankruptcy benefits , and family medical leave protections -- do not apply to gay and lesbian couples , such as Windsor and her late partner Thea Spyer . Federal appeals court strikes down Defense of Marriage Act This appeal from Arizona asks whether a state that prohibits same-sex marriage may also deny same-sex couples marital benefits if one of the partners is a state employee , when other state workers in opposite-sex marriages enjoy government benefits . On referendums , the California high court had earlier concluded same-sex marriage was legal , but the 2008 voter-approved Proposition 8 abolished it . If the high court accepts this appeal , it would likely not decide whether same-sex marriage is a constitutional right , but only whether a state can revoke that right through referendum once it has already been recognized . "  The justices are almost certainly going to take up the question of the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com and a top Washington attorney . "  The real question is whether they 'll step into California 's Prop 8 and the ruling there that California discriminated unconstitutionally when it granted a right to same sex-marriage and then took it away . It 's a tossup on whether they 'll hear that case . " Who will represent U.S. in any court case Complicating matters is just who will defend the DOMA law before the justices . Traditionally that role would fall to the Justice Department 's Solicitor General office . But Obama , in an election-year stunner , said in May he supports same-sex marriages . The president had already ordered Attorney General Eric Holder not to defend the federal law in court . That left House Republicans , led by Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , to step in after the Justice Department refused to participate . They have hired top Washington attorney Paul Clement -- himself a former solicitor general -- to make the arguments to keep the law in place , at least until lawmakers decide otherwise . Clement said a congressionally mandated , uniform standard to define marriage for federal purposes is both proper and practical , since different states have different laws defining the limits of marriage . "  DOMA does not bar or invalidate any marriages but leaves states free to decide whether they will recognize same-sex marriage , " Clement told the court in a legal brief . "  Rather , DOMA merely reaffirmed and codified the traditional definition of marriage : what Congress itself has always meant and what courts and the executive branch have always understood it to mean -- in using those words : A traditional male-female couple . " The law does not prohibit states from allowing same-sex marriages , but it also does not force states to recognize them from other states . Most of the current plaintiffs are federal workers , who are not allowed to add their spouses to health care plans , and other benefits . Many other states , including New Jersey , Illinois , Delaware , Rhode Island and Hawaii , have legalized domestic partnerships and civil unions for such couples -- a step designed in most cases to provide the same rights of marriage under state law . But other states have passed laws or state constitutional amendments banning such marriages . California 's Prop 8 is the only such referendum that revoked the right after lawmakers and the state courts previously allowed it . In February , a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled the measure unconstitutional . Timeline : Same-sex marriage Court could offer final word By patiently letting legislatures and the voters decide the social and practical implications of same-sex marriage over the past decade , the high court is now poised to perhaps offer the final word on the tricky constitutional questions . The split 5-4 conservative-liberal bench has the option of ruling broadly or narrowly -- perhaps taking a series of incremental cases over a period years , building political momentum and public confidence in the process . Edie Windsor is one of more than a dozen plaintiffs involved in the current DOMA appeals before the high court . She and Spyer , a psychologist , had been a devoted couple in New York 's Greenwich Village for more than 40 years , before marrying in Canada in 2007 . New York did not allow same-sex marriages to be performed in the state when Windsor and Spyer wed , but did recognize the out-of-state license . New York 's legislature last year approved same-sex marriage . Windsor , a retired computer systems programmer , wants the $ 363,053 in added estate taxes she was forced to pay the IRS . She said the federal government considers her relationship with Spyer as little more than "  girlfriends , " something she called an "  incredible indignation . " "  I would like to receive my money back . New York State accepted my marriage as a marriage , " she told CNN . "  And I believe , and the Justice Department and the president agree with me , that the DOMA law is unconstitutional . DOMA is cruel . It discriminates against us for absolutely no value to the country . And we 'd like to see that defeated altogether . I 'd like other people not to go through what I went through . "	Edith "  Edie " Windsor lost her spouse in 2009 and got a tax bill that triggered legal fight Justices meet Friday to decide if they will accept any of 10 pending marriage-related appeals Some states have approved same-sex marriage ; while others have banned it The 5-4 conservative-liberal bench has the option of ruling broadly or narrowly
CNN  -- The European Union is "  shooting itself in the foot " by keeping Turkey at bay , the country 's Finance Minister Mehmet Simsek says . The nation , with an economy sprinting ahead of Europe 's continental countries , would be an asset for the region , he said . But Turkey 's path to EU membership remains fraught , in part due to problems pitching the idea to the country and Europe . The debt crisis which has ravaged the European continent has been unhelpful for Turkey , but the key issue is feedback from European circles "  that we 're not loved and we 're not wanted , " Simsek told CNN . "  It diminishes the support for change in this country because change requires leadership , but also requires a good story . " The EU , Simsek added , "  is shooting itself in the foot by essentially trying to keep Turkey at bay . I think that 's wrong but at the same time , my party just got 50 % of the vote and our platform strongly supports EU membership -- so people still support change . " European recovery ? Wait till 2013  at least There is a credible case for EU accession , but that has been dented by the question marks raised over Turkey 's right to belong , Simsek said . He argues Turkey and Europe need each other . "  I think for regional stability , for energy supply security , for better standards of democracy ... we need each other . " The country has its supporters . British Prime Minister David Cameron backs the country 's accession , and points to Turkey 's growing economy as a reason . But the EU wants Turkey to make further reforms , to the judicial system for example , before it can join . Turkey -- which straddles Europe and Asia -- is in a key position to improve relations in the region . But the Arab Spring , which drew in some of Turkey 's biggest trading partners , has been destabilizing for the area . "  Our neighborhood is quite noisy ... and right now is not stable , " Simsek said . Is the Arab Spring failing its people ? But welcoming Turkey into the EU would , in the midst of such volatility , send a powerful message , he said . "  You can be with the west . You can be secular . You can be Muslim . You can be prosperous . And you can be stable . "	Turkey 's finance minister says the country would be an asset to the EU Turkey 's path to EU membership remains fraught , in part due to problems pitching the idea to the country and Europe Mehmet Simsek argues Turkey and Europe need each other
They met a daring cliff jumper . They followed the path of religious pilgrims . They negotiated with a road-blocking elephant . And then a team of Australia-based cinematophers on a two-week road trip through Sri Lanka produced a three-minute memoir of their trip that ranks as the most "  I wan na go there ! " videos we 've seen in a while . "  We all have Sri Lankan backgrounds and as we were growing up , we heard many stories from our parents about their childhoods in Sri Lanka , " says Rukshan Fernando , co-founder of Melbourne-based Ferndara Creative and Creative Motion Cinematography . Together with Ferndara co-founder Chamik Bandara and assistant Niha Sathasivam , the team has traveled often to Sri Lanka to film destination weddings for private clients . But they 'd never ventured beyond the tourist areas or towns in which they were paid to film . On their latest trip , however , the group decided to hop in a minivan and go on a "  very spontaneous and completely unplanned trip . " "  We decided that for this work trip , we would set aside some time for ourselves to experience what life in Sri Lanka is like , " says Fernando . They got that and more -- as the video above illustrates -- as Fernando explained to CNN . CNN : What are your favorite scenes in the video ? Rukshan Fernando : The elephants on the road is an interesting scene -LSB- 0:20 -RSB- . Some of the wild elephants in Sri Lanka are accustomed to blocking the road until they 're fed . Feeding wild animals is not permitted , but many people will throw food for the elephants so they eat and move on . Another scene is the man cliff-jumping -LSB- 0:22 , 1:58 -RSB- , which was breathtaking and frightening at the same time . He jumped with such ease then climbed back up the cliff without any support and was ready to jump again . CNN : What 's the cliff jumper 's story ? Fernando : The cliff-jumping scene was shot at Galle Fort near the Galle Lighthouse . He introduced himself as Red -- short for Reddog , his family name . According to Red , he makes a living out of it and has been doing the jumps for a very long time now . He jumps off the cliff for the amusement of tourists , usually for a small fee , around 1,000 rupees  $ 7  . There 's a rock that juts out so the jump has to be precise , adding to the suspense . CNN : Who 's the solo dancer at the beginning and end of the video ? Fernando : She 's Miurangana Fernando , a 23-year-old who has been dancing for 10 years . Fernando 's an accomplished dancer and dance instructor in the seaside town of Wennapuwa who has completed her arangetram  an important stage debut  . We featured her at the start and end , performing Tanze  Uda Rata Natum  Ves Tanz "  Ves " dance , the classical Sri Lankan Kandyan dance from the hill city , Kandy . CNN : What 's the great looking festival that pops up ? Fernando : At almost the one-minute mark an elephant adorned in fancy garments is paraded through the street for Kataragama Peraphera . This is one of the biggest celebrations in Sri Lanka and a pilgrimage for Sri Lankans . Thousands of people show up , some walking for days to make it to Kataragama , which was a major capital of an ancient kingdom called Ruhuna . We filmed on the final night , which included performances by up to 50 separate dance troupes , highlighting various dance traditions in Sri Lanka . CNN : How about the tea plantations ? Fernando : The tea plantations are in Nuwara Eliya , a two - to thee-hour drive from Colombo . The region is the premium tea plantation area due to its cold , foggy climate . They actually belong to different companies that have been around since the British colonial period , with only little stumps and markers separating different plantations . It has a very European and colonial feel , and used to be called Little England . CNN : Any tips for photographing Sri Lanka ? Fernando : Smile . If you smile at someone when filming them , this usually puts them at ease . Sri Lankans are very welcoming and tolerant , usually they have no issue with being filmed or photographed . It 's also appreciated if you show them the photographs or clips . This might lead to further opportunities to film more closely or do a re-take of something important you may have missed . CNN : What were the challenges ? Fernando : The best way to get around is driving , but the roads are n't well developed in some areas . There 's lengthy travel time even for short distances . Unexpected traffic also causes missed moments like sunsets or sunrises . Getting permission at various venues can sometimes take a lot of effort and communication .	A team of wedding cinematographers on a two-week trip have produced a stunning video of Sri Lanka Dancers , festivals , tea plantations and elephants are featured The video 's cliff jumper earns a living performing frightening feats for tourists
CNN  -- The trainer at the center of a doping scandal that stunned the world of horse racing was banned for eight years Thursday by the governing body of the sport of Britain . Mahmood Al Zarooni , who worked at the world famous Godolphin operation in Newmarket , was handed the punishment by a disciplinary panel of the British Horseracing Authority  BHA  , sitting in London . The 37-year-old admitted a "  catastrophic error " in administering prohibited anabolic steroids -- ethylestranol and stanozolol -- to 15 leading thoroughbreds . Eleven of the horses tested positive when a doping control team from the BHA visited Godolphin 's Moulton Paddocks Stables on April 9 . Al Zarooni volunteered information about the other four . All 15 horses , including the former 1,000 Guineas favorite Certify , were banned from racing for six months earlier Thursday by the BHA . Zero tolerance "  We believe that the eight-year disqualification issued to Mahmood Al Zarooni , together with the six-month racing restriction placed on the horses in question by the BHA , will serve to reassure the public , and the sport 's participants , that use of performance-enhancing substances in British racing will not be tolerated , " said BHA chief executive Paul Bittar . Godolphin , one of the world 's most successful stables , is owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , the ruler of Dubai . He issued a statement Wednesday admitting he was "  appalled and angered " by the revelations of doping in his racing empire and had ordered the lockdown of his British operation . "  I can assure the racing public that no horse will run from that yard this season until I have been absolutely assured by my team that the entire yard is completely clean , " he said . Prompt action Bittar acknowledged this prompt action : "  The next objective for BHA is to take the necessary steps to ensure that overall confidence in the integrity of the sport is not at risk . "  We welcome the proactive response of Godolphin and Sheikh Mohammed in announcing their intention to review the procedures of this stable and the need to ensure that all horses formerly trained by Mahmood Al Zarooni are tested and cleared before they race again . " Al Zarooni , who has trained a string of big race winners since joining Godolphin in March 2010 , was charged with rule breaches related to prohibited substances , duty to keep medication records , and conduct prejudicial to racing . After the hearing , he gave his reaction in a statement : "  First and foremost , I would like to apologize to his Highness , Sheikh Mohammed , as well as all those involved in Godolphin and the public . Trainer apology "  I accept it was my responsibility to be aware of the rules regarding prohibited substances in Britain . I can only apologize . I have made a catastrophic error . " Simon Crisford , Godolphin 's racing manager , who accompanied Al Zarooni to the hearing , expressed his thoughts to gathered reporters . "  Mr Al Zarooni acted with awful recklessness and caused tremendous damage , not only to Godolphin and British racing , " he said . "  I think it will take a very long time for Godolphin to regain the trust of the British public . We 're shocked and completely outraged by the actions he has taken . " Bittar said the case had highlighted "  inconsistencies " about what substances are permitted to be used in the training of horses in different parts of the world . The use of anabolic horses is permitted for out-of-competition use in Australian racing , such as helping to overcome injuries . "  While around the world , horseracing bodies quite rightly adopt a zero tolerance policy to the presence of anabolic steroids when carrying out post-race testing , the approach is not so consistent for horses in training . "  In an age of increasing international travel and competition we will put the subject on the agenda for discussion with our international colleagues , " Bittar added .	Leading horse racing trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni receives eight-year ban Al Zarooni had admitted to administering anabolic steroids to 15 top thoroughbreds Horses in question also suspended from running for six months Punishments handed down by British Horseracing Authority in London
CNN  -- As the Los Angeles Lakers take to the court Tuesday for Game 2 of the NBA playoffs , a key question is whether the team 's forward Jordan Hill will square off against the Denver Nuggets . Authorities in Texas have charged Hill , 24 , with assaulting a family member , a felony that could yield up to 10 years in prison and a $ 10,000 if he is convicted . Donna Hawkins , the assistant district attorney in Harris County , said Monday an arrest warrant for Hill will be issued once the magistrate has signed the paperwork -- unless the player turns himself in first . After a lengthy training session Monday , Hill issued a statement apologizing to fans "  for the untimeliness of these accusations . " Hill , who scored 10 points and 10 rebounds in the Lakers ' 103-88 win over the Nuggets on Sunday , told reporters he did not expect to miss any games . "  I 'll be here , " he said . The charge stems from an incident on February 29 when Hill allegedly choked his girlfriend of two years at his home in Houston after the two got into an argument about their "  future , " authorities said . According to the probable cause affidavit , Hill became angry when the 28-year-old girlfriend tossed his two cell phones to the floor . He struck her legs with his fist , pulled her off the couch , dragged her to where the phones were and threw her against a wall , the affidavit said . He demanded she pick up his phones , and put her into a chokehold , the affidavit said . "  She stated that she pulled at the Defendant 's forearm to stop the suffocation . Complainant stated she was unable to breathe and gasping for air , " it said . Hawkins said the victim has requested a protective order . The charge of assaulting a family member applies even when the person is someone the defendant is dating , she said . In his statement , Hill said his lawyers were gathering facts and that he planned to cooperate with authorities . "  I 'm saddened to learn of the accusations that were filed against me today , " Hill said . "  I promise to keep my focus and attention on the playoffs during this time and to helping my team with another championship , " he added . Hill was traded to the Lakers on March 15 , and made seven regular-season appearances . At the time of the incident , he was a member of the Houston Rockets . Last week , another Laker forward , Metta World Peace , was suspended for seven games without pay over an elbow blow he delivered to the head of Oklahoma City Thunder 's James Harden . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	A conviction can yield up to 10 years in prison Hill says he does not expect to miss any games The charge stems from an incident involving his girlfriend Official : The victim has requested a protective order
CNN  -- 1977 -- Penn State football defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky founds the Second Mile , a charity to help troubled youths . 1994-97 -- According to the grand jury report , Sandusky allegedly engages in inappropriate conduct with three different boys he met separately through the Second Mile program . One boy was 7 or 8 , another was 10 , and the third was 12 or 13 at the time . According to the grand jury report , the now-adult men said Sandusky engaged in inappropriate conduct ranging from touching to outright sexual encounters , including several incidents during the nights before Penn State football home games , when the team , staff and boys Sandusky had allegedly invited were staying at a hotel . 1998 -- Penn State police and the Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare investigate an incident in which the mother of an 11-year-old boy reported that Sandusky had showered with her son and may have had inappropriate conduct with him . In a June 1 , 1998 , interview with investigators from both agencies , Sandusky admits showering naked with the boy , admitting that it was wrong and promising not to do it again , according to the grand jury report . The district attorney advises investigators that no charges will be filed and the university police chief instructs that the case be closed , according to the testimony included in the grand jury report from the police detective who investigated the incident . 1999 -- Sandusky retires from Penn State after coaching there for 32 years but stays on as a volunteer and retains full access to the campus and football facilities . 2000 -- Sandusky allegedly showers with a young boy and tries to touch his genitals during overnight stays at the coach 's house , according to the now 24-year-old man 's testimony included in the grand jury report . 2000 -- Jim Calhoun , a janitor at the Lasch Football Building on the Penn State campus , tells his supervisor and another janitor that he saw Sandusky performing oral sex on a young boy , according to the grand jury report . A second janitor reports that he saw Sandusky and a boy leave a shower room and walk out of the building hand in hand . No one reports the alleged incidents to university officials or law enforcement , according to the grand jury report . March 2 , 2002 -- According to the grand jury report , a graduate assistant allegedly tells Head Coach Joe Paterno that he saw Sandusky in the locker room shower the night before , performing anal sex on a young boy he estimated to be 10 years old . March 3 , 2002 -- Paterno reports the incident to Athletic Director Tim Curley , saying the graduate assistant had seen Sandusky "  fondling or doing something of a sexual nature to a young boy , " according to the grand jury . Later , the assistant is summoned to a meeting with Curley and Senior Vice President for Finance and Business Gary Schultz . . While the assistant later insisted to the grand jury that he told Curley and Schultz that he saw Sandusky and the boy engaged in anal sex , Curley and Schultz told the grand jury they had not been told of such an allegation . Instead , Curley said he had the impression the conduct amounted to nonsexual "  horsing around . " Schultz said he could n't remember details but seemed to recall that "  Sandusky might have inappropriately grabbed the young boy 's genitals while wrestling , " according to the grand jury . Sandusky 's locker-room keys are confiscated , he is told not to bring his Second Mile participants to campus , and the incident is reported to the charity , but no law enforcement investigation is launched , according to the grand jury . 2002 -- The Second Mile learns of the alleged shower incident . Curley tells the charity that "  the information had been internally reviewed and that there was no finding of wrongdoing , " the group said in a statement Monday . 2005 or 2006 -- Sandusky allegedly befriends another Second Mile participant , whose allegations would form the foundation of the multiyear grand jury investigation . 2006 or 2007 -- A wrestling coach at the high school where Sandusky is volunteering allegedly surprises Sandusky and a boy "  lying on their sides , in physical contact , face to face on a mat " in a cramped weight room . Sandusky jumps to his feet and tells the coach the two were just working on wrestling moves , the coach later recalls in grand jury testimony . As time goes on , Sandusky allegedly begins to spend more time with the boy , taking him to sporting events and giving him gifts , including golf clubs , a computer , cash and clothes . During this period , according to the grand jury report , Sandusky allegedly performs oral sex on the boy more than 20 times , and the boy performs oral sex on him once . 2008 -- The boy breaks off contact with Sandusky . Later , his mother calls the high school to report her son had been sexually assaulted , and the principal bars Sandusky from campus and reports the incident to police . In grand jury testimony , the principal , Steven Turchetta , recalls Sandusky 's behavior as suspicious and says Sandusky was often "  clingy " and "  needy " when a student no longer wanted to spend time with him . The ensuing investigation reveals 118 calls from Sandusky 's home and cell phone numbers to the boy 's home . November 2008 -- Sandusky informs the Second Mile that he is under investigation , and he is removed from all program activities involving children , according to the group . September 2010 -- Sandusky retires from the Second Mile , according to the grand jury . November 4 , 2011 -- The grand jury report is released . November 5 -- Authorities arrest Sandusky on seven counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and numerous other charges , including aggravated indecent assault , corruption of minors and endangering the welfare of a child . He is freed on $ 100,000 unsecured bail . Curley , 57 , and Schultz , 62 , are each charged with one count of felony perjury and one count of failure to report abuse allegations . November 6 -- Curley asks for and is granted administrative leave to deal with the charges , while Schultz steps down from his post to retire . November 7 -- Penn State students rally outside Paterno 's home . November 9 -- Paterno issues a statement saying he will retire at the end of the 2011 football season , adding , "  I wish I had done more . " The U.S. Department of Education says it will launch an investigation into whether Penn State failed to comply with an act requiring colleges and universities to disclose the number of reported criminal incidents on campus each year . University trustees announce that night that Paterno and University President Graham Spanier have been removed , effective immediately . Angry students riot in State College , Pennsylvania . November 10 -- Sandusky 's attorney , Joseph Amendola , tells CNN his client disputes the grand jury report and is "  destroyed " over what happened to Paterno . Penn State says Mike McQueary , the graduate assistant who saw the alleged 2002 incident involving Sandusky and a young boy , will not be at Saturday 's football game because of "  multiple threats . " November 11 -- Penn State officials say they will create a special panel to investigate the allegations . The university announces McQueary has been placed on "  indefinite " leave . Students hold a candlelight vigil to honor the alleged victims . Authorities in San Antonio say they are investigating the possibility that Sandusky might have committed sex crimes there in 1999 when Penn State played in the Alamo Bowl , CNN affiliates report . Victim 4 in the Pennsylvania grand jury report had been listed as a member of Sandusky 's family party for the bowl game . November 12 -- Fans hold a moment of silence before Penn State 's football team plays Nebraska . The Nittany Lions lose , 17-13 . November 13 -- Pennsylvania needs to change its law in the wake of the scandal over alleged child sexual abuse by a then-member of Penn State 's football coaching team , Gov. Tom Corbett says on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " November 14 -- Questions arise regarding Judge Leslie Dutchcot , who released Sandusky on $ 100,000 bail . The judge 's former law firm listed her as a volunteer for The Second Mile . The Second Mile 's CEO , Jack Raykovitz , resigns . November 14 -- In an interview with NBC 's Bob Costas , Sandusky maintains he is innocent and denies he is a pedophile . Sandusky admits he has "  horsed around " and "  done some of the things " in the grand jury report , but says the only thing he did wrong was having "  showered with kids . " Amendola calls Sandusky "  a big , overgrown kid . " November 15 -- The Morning Call newspaper of Allentown , Pennsylvania , reports that McQueary wrote in an e-mail to a former classmate that he helped stop the 2002 assault and talked with police about it . "  I did stop it , not physically , but made sure it was stopped when I left that locker room , " McQueary wrote .	Penn State 's football coach and president have lost their jobs Jerry Sandusky maintains that he is innocent Allegations made in 1998 sparked a multiyear investigation
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Relatives and friends of a judge and court reporter killed in a 2005 shooting at Atlanta 's Fulton County Courthouse took the stand Thursday in the penalty phase of the gunman 's trial . Some wept as they spoke of how the deaths have affected their lives and of their continued struggles with sadness , fear and anger . Claudia Barnes , widow of Fulton County Superior Court Judge Rowland Barnes , recalled asking permission to hold her husband 's hand one last time before his body was cremated . "  He and I held hands constantly for 13 years , " she said . She remembered running her hands over the judge 's face -- over the temple , where the bullet fired by escaped prisoner Brian Gene Nichols entered his head -- and over the judge 's beard , which she always kept trimmed . "  I hope the love of my life did not suffer , " Claudia Barnes said softly , reading from prepared notes . "  My faith in God has allowed me to remain sane . ... At times , it almost seems too much for me , but I try to do the best that I can . " She said her life with the judge "  was not long enough . " Nichols , 36 , was convicted this month of 54 counts including capital murder . He overpowered Fulton County Deputy Cynthia Hall on March 11 , 2005 , as he was being led into Barnes ' courtroom to face a second trial on rape charges . Nichols then took Hall 's gun from a lockbox and fatally shot three people at the courthouse : Barnes , court reporter Julie Ann Brandau and Fulton County Deputy Sgt. Hoyt Teasley , who attempted to apprehend him outside the building . Nichols was also convicted of killing David Wilhelm , a federal customs agent , hours later at Wilhelm 's home in the Buckhead section of Atlanta . Jurors heard victim impact statements Thursday as part of Nichols ' penalty phase , in which they will decide whether he will receive the death penalty sought by prosecutors . As relatives of his victims spoke , Nichols appeared somber , with his eyes downcast , but showed no further emotion . "  Nothing anybody does will bring my daddy back , " said an emotional Kiley Barnes , the judge 's daughter . She said her father raised her from age 2 and "  made it his life 's work to conquer becoming a single parent . " She recalled her father asking her to bring him her Barbie doll and show him how to create pigtails on either side of her head , and said the judge once literally gave the shirt off his back to a man at a Christmas party after the man complimented him on it . She said her father shared his passion for the law with her , and she remembered how proud he was at her college graduation , as she was one step closer to becoming a lawyer . Kiley Barnes said she was hoping that after Nichols ' conviction , she would feel better because justice had been done . "  Instead , I feel as heartbroken and as lonely as I did on March 11 , 2005 , " she said . Brandau 's daughter , Christina Scholte Greenway , was an 18-year-old college freshman at the time of the shootings . She told jurors her mother could not attend her graduation from college or nursing school or her wedding last month . "  My husband never got a chance to meet my mother , " she said . "  I know in my heart that she would have loved him . ... I walked down the aisle wearing her veil . " Brandau 's sister , Trudy Brandau , said she lost the only remaining member of her immediate family . The two sisters had grown close after the deaths of another sister and both parents , she said . "  Julie 's death changed everything in my life . " Candee Wilhelm told jurors about her husband 's death and how she was "  ripped in two " when he was killed . "  David was simply the most wonderful person I will ever know , " she said . Both she and sister-in-law Allison Wilhelm spoke of Russell , Wilhelm 's mentally challenged brother , who was especially close to him . David Wilhelm planned to become his guardian when his parents grew too old to care for him , Allison Wilhelm said . Candee Wilhelm said she was adopted , and her husband helped her through the difficult process of locating her birth mother . The woman died in 2006 , she said , but "  in a way , she was a gift from David . " She remembered looking at her husband 's body in the funeral home . "  As I stood there looking at this handsome man , bruised and battered from his murder , I remember thinking , ` This is n't my husband . ' I touched his hand , his arm , his leg . David was n't there anymore . I touched his hair . It was the only thing that really seemed familiar and real to me . " Teasley 's widow , Deborah , told jurors she had thought of the courthouse as a "  safe haven " for her husband . "  I hate to think that he was dying outside on the street , " she said of her husband . "  But the truth is , he was . " She said her husband "  was and still is our hero . He was the love of my life , my husband and my friend . " Deona Teasley said she was in the third grade when her father died . "  Why did someone do this to such a good person ? " she asked . "  He did n't deserve to die . He did not do anything wrong . ... We meant the world to him , and he meant the world to us . "	NEW : Officer 's daughter : "  He did n't deserve to die . He did not do anything wrong " "  I hope the love of my life did not suffer , " judge 's wife says Judge 's daughter feels as "  heartbroken and as lonely " as day father was shot Nichols could be sentenced to the death penalty
CNN  -- The woman who was once the oldest cheerleader in the NFL faces rape charges for alleged sexual encounters with a teenager at a Delaware vacation home . Former Baltimore Ravens cheerleader Molly Shattuck , 47 , turned herself in to authorities on Wednesday and was arraigned on charges of third-degree rape , unlawful sexual contact and providing alcohol to minors , police said . Shattuck 's alleged relationship with the 15-year-old boy "  began in the area in which they resided near Baltimore , Maryland , and culminated with Shattuck providing alcohol to minors and engaging in a sexual relationship with the 15-year-old male at a vacation rental home in Bethany Beach , Delaware , over Labor Day weekend , " Delaware State Police said . She has pleaded not guilty and posted $ 84,000 bail , CNN affiliate WBAL reported . "  This is a difficult situation for everyone involved . Thank you for your time , " defense attorney Michelle Lipkowitz said , according to WBAL . Shattuck became the oldest cheerleader in the NFL when she joined the Ravens ' squad in 2005 at age 38 . In 1997 , she married Mayo Shattuck III , the former CEO of Constellation Energy . The two are separated and going through a divorce , according to WBAL . A 2008 profile of Shattuck on the Ravens ' website described her as a "  well-known civic leader in Baltimore . " That year , she appeared on the FOX reality show "  Secret Millionaire , " living for a week on low wages in a coal-mining town in eastern Pennsylvania , according to the profile . Shattuck was nominated for a service award from Maryland 's governor 's office this year for her work . She also published a book , "  Vibrant Living , " detailing her 21-day "  back-to-basics approach to better health and better habits . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Ex Ravens cheerleader Molly Shattuck is charged with rape of a 15-year-old Police say Shattuck turned herself in to authorities on Wednesday Shattuck , once the oldest cheerleader in the NFL , has pleaded not guilty
Utah  CNN  -- I did n't really know what to expect when I got to Provo , Utah . I knew that many people here were followers of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , better known as the Mormons . And I was here to visit Brigham Young University -- also known as the Mormon university . Mitt Romney graduated from here in 1971 . I was visiting the school to find out how they viewed their famous alumnus , and if people would vote for him because he was of the same faith -- that report comes next week . For the moment , let me muse on my visit to BYU . I went to university in Leeds in the 1980s . It was a time of political ferment . Thatcherism was at its peak . We had demonstrations and sit-ins . The students ' union was a hotbed of political activism . Most big European schools were like that in those days , as we battled everything . Amtrak train : No better way to connect with U.S. voters The campus of BYU is a world apart from my experience ; new buildings , manicured lawns , and plenty of flower beds to beautify the surroundings . And a student body that frankly looks nothing like the student ragamuffins of my own university days . The bell tower lets you know this is a religious-based institution . At 12 o'clock they ring out a selection of light hymns as part of the top-of-the-hour chimes . Meeting staff and students , I felt the differences almost immediately . The polite inquiry as to whether I 'd like "  a beverage " had me checking myself before replying "  oh , coffee would be lovely . " BYU follows a strict interpretation of the Mormon Code and caffeine is banned on the campus . Flustered , I could n't think of much else quickly enough besides "  oh , a water would be lovely . " Iowa : A barometer for the swing states The students here have a different air about them . Walking around the campus it looks as if they have all bought their preppy clothes from J.Crew , Gap or similar . Nothing wrong with that of course . Neat . Tidy . Oh , and everyone smiles . Smiling . The woman at the ice cream shop smiled . The guides showing me round the university smiled . The student who handed me Mormon literature smiled . It was hard to imagine any of these clean-cut youths suddenly bursting into a bout of obscenities as they stubbed a toe or dropped a plate . Colorado : Will frontier state call the election ? Respectable and respectful throughout is the best way to describe them , and for good reason : They have all signed the Honor Code . The code requires them to be , among other things , honest , true , chaste , benevolent and virtuous . There is a reminder on a poster at the bowling alley , which announced "  we follow the honor code " and asked visitors to uphold standards of grooming and dress . When I suggested there was plenty of time in the future to uphold grooming and dress , and that surely student years were designed for rebellion , my host gave a "  we know what 's coming next " tolerant look and , ever so politely , explained there were plenty of other schools for that , and this was a Mormon school for those who wanted to live the Mormon way of life . An Amish life : America without sound bites Living the Mormon way of life is central to this school . At BYU there is a lot of hand holding  between men and women only  , with chaste kisses and long looks . I know that Mormon beliefs forbid pre-marital sex , but somehow I imagined that meant no relationships , and by extension , no physical contact . By now I was realizing I was the victim of my own preconceptions and prejudices about this faith and its worshippers . ` I 'm 92 ... of course I will vote ! ' And then the penny dropped . Having probably spent their youth in the minority -- depending on where they grew up -- for many BYU students this was the first time they were in the majority , the norm ! They need n't explain why they did n't drink alcohol , swear or want to wear ripped jeans with their butts hanging out . At BYU everyone knew why , and believed the same as they did . Far from being restricting , this homogeny was their freedom to be as they wanted to be . Honest Abe 's 19th century wisdom for 21st century problem But there were moments when I wondered what sort of life experience these students would gain here . And I wondered , what it might be like for the person who discovered they were gay and wanted to explore their sexuality ; or the student who became pregnant or fell by the wayside and lapsed into drink or drugs . What would it be like for someone who felt like they did n't fit in ? I enjoyed my visit to BYU . My host was completely charming throughout and happy to take all my impertinent questions in good humor . What struck me most was this was a college which , on the face of it , looked so familiar and yet underneath was a world apart from any school I had seen before .	CNN 's Richard Quest is in Utah filming for the upcoming series American Quest He visits Brigham Young University , where Mitt Romney graduated in 1971 Richard Quest finds a campus a world apart from his university experience And there are moments when he wonders what sort of life experience these students would gain
CNN  -- Three Pakistani paramilitary soldiers were killed this week in a cross-border firefight between Pakistan and India , officials said Thursday . The soldiers were moving from one post to another along the border when they came under fire by Indian forces , said Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , Pakistan army spokesman . Since a cease-fire is in effect , the firing by Indian forces was unprovoked , Abbas said . But Pakistani forces retaliated after the shots were fired , he said . It was unclear whether the incident took place late Tuesday or Wednesday , as Pakistani and Indian officials provided different times . Lt. Col. J.S. Brar , Indian defense spokesman for the disputed Kashmir region , said there were two violations of the cease-fire on the Line of Control , the de facto border between Indian - and Pakistan-administered Kashmir . In the first , fighting continued for about an hour , he said . A second violation took place Thursday morning , he said , and one Indian soldier was injured . Brar said he could not comment on Pakistani casualties . Pakistani officials said severe weather conditions in Kashmir , a Himalayan region , hampered removal of the soldiers ' bodies . Pakistan has asked the Indian local commanding authority for a full report on the incident . India and Pakistan have have fought three wars since the partition of the Asian subcontinent in 1947 . Two of them were over Kashmir , which is claimed by both nuclear powers . On August 20 , an Indian army officer and five militants were killed in clashes along the Line of Control . India has accused Pakistan of aiding infiltration into Indian Kashmir , which has battled separatist violence for more than two decades . Islamabad has denied the accusations . More than 40,000 have died in the violence , officials say . CNN 's Sumnima Das and Mukhtar Ahmed and journalist Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	The incident occurred along the Line of Control The line divides Indian - and Pakistan-administered Kashmir The area is claimed by both nations
Birds Point , Missouri  CNN  -- Persistent , heavy rains have helped swell the Mississippi and Ohio rivers to the highest levels ever recorded , said an Army Corps of Engineers official Sunday . This ominous development prompted Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh , president of the Mississippi River Commission , to order several barges into place at 3 p.m. to begin pumping explosive slurry into a levee near where the two rivers meet . This is all in preparation -- if the decision is made -- to blow up the Birds Point-New Madrid levee and potentially flood 130,000 acres of Missouri farmland , in part to save the town of Cairo , Illinois . At 8 p.m. , the water levels on the Ohio River outside Cairo had reached 60.27 feet -- well above the flood stage of 40 feet -- according to the National Weather Service . And , boosted by more rain , the forecast calls for a continued rise to as high as 61.5 feet by Tuesday afternoon . "  This is the largest flood that we have ever seen in our lifetimes , " Walsh said . Two states divided by river , flooding The U.S. Supreme Court refused Sunday to block any plan to intentionally breach the levee . Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito ruled against Missouri -- effectively giving Walsh the authority to execute on the levee-breach plan . Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster 's office had appealed to the court , questioning the Corps ' authority to do so . He had hoped to overturn a federal judge 's ruling against Missouri on Friday , saying a 1928 law permits the breach of the levee to ease pressure on the river . Hours before the Supreme Court ruling came down , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon told reporters Sunday that he was not dwelling on the legal battle . Rather , he said that local and state authorities are focused first and foremost on making all necessary preparations , including steps to protect property and lives , assuming that the levee will be breached and massive flooding will occur . "  The litigation is out there , but that 's not our focal point , quite frankly , " Nixon said , flanked by Walsh . "  This does n't thrill us , where we are , but this is a  difficult  situation . ... We understand the general and his team have difficult decisions to make . " Walsh said he 'd directed crews to move the barges across the river to Missouri and load the pipes with the blasting agent . The entire process -- including priming the explosives and breaching the levee -- would take about 20 hours , at which point the controlled blast could occur . "  I have not given the command to put it into operation , just to get it to the next step , " Walsh said . The crisis is centered on the stretch of the Mississippi River between Memphis and St. Louis , but it relates to a far broader issue of excess water in the river and its tributaries . Engineers have warned that should the rising waters of the Mississippi River overwhelm the entire flood control project , it could deluge cities , destroy crops , destroy businesses and paralyze river transportation . Engineers already have reported sand boils and seepage at a number of levees near the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers , a condition that Walsh said also threatens the integrity of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project -- the world 's largest flood control project . Belief Blog : Baptism in floodwaters "  There is water in places where we have never ever seen it before , " Walsh said . The potential for disaster -- and with the levees deteriorating and more rain falling -- prompted Cairo Mayor Judson Childs to order his city 's 2,800 residents to evacuate by midnight Saturday . "  I 'm here to try to protect the city of Cairo , " Childs said . "  I care about them and I do n't want them in harm 's way . I would much rather issue a mandatory evacuation and nothing happen than not to do it and people lose their life . " Meanwhile , Missouri is likewise preparing for the worst -- specifically , the immersion or other negative effects on what Nixon called "  the most productive part of our continent " for farming . About 750 National Guard personnel are in the area , with nearly 100 state police also on hand to safeguard the area and residents ' property . In addition , 230 residents who were potentially in harm 's way in Mississippi and New Madrid counties have been evacuated . "  The point is , if this is going to occur here , we 're going to do it safely , we 're going to do it an orderly fashion and we 're going to do the best we can to defend it and save property where available , " the governor said . The uncertain scenario threatened to turned the lives of thousands upside down . In Dexter , Missouri , Amanda Jones spent much of her Sunday morning in tears , bouncing from her computer to her phone and back again , pausing only to care for her sick toddler . She and others are concerned about the economic impact on Mississippi County -- and are even more worried about the unforeseen consequences if all does n't go according to plan and water inundates the nearby Missouri towns of New Madrid , Charleston , Wyatt and East Prairie . Residents are being told a second levee built to protect the towns will hold , but "  they really have no clue what 's going to happen , " Jones said . And even out of the flood plain , she said she 's worried an explosion may trigger an earthquake on the New Madrid Fault , which runs through the region . Jones posted on her Facebook page a transcript of a 1988 public meeting in which it was discussed that such a plan could go awry , as the force of the water would be uncontrollable after such a breach and the second levee can not be guaranteed . "  As we all know too well , plans do n't always go according to plan , especially when Old Man River is involved , " board member Lester Goodin said , according to the transcript . "  It has time after time fooled people who were n't fools , people who merely miscalculated , or failed to take into account its almost infinite variables , or used inadequate models , or out-of-date models , or mistaken assumptions . " In East Prairie , Cassie Sutton is n't waiting around to find out . Her family 's bags are packed , she said Sunday . And should word be given that the levee will be blown up , they plan to head to stay with relatives about 45 minutes away . "  They did say the secondary levee will hold , but we 've also never been in times like these , " she said . " ... I 'm not willing to be the guinea pig . That 's the bottom line . " Sutton said her aunt and uncle have evacuated two homes near the levee , moving out all their possessions , and are now living in a camper . "  They honestly think they 'll have nothing to go back to , " she said , adding the Corps of Engineers has told them the water will cover their home by at least 5 or 6 feet . The levee was breached before , in 1937 . But , Jones and Sutton pointed out , the area was heavily forested then , with trees to slow the water before it reached the second levee . That forestation is no longer there , they said . Koster 's office said last week that "  the flooding would leave a layer of silt on the farmland that could take as much as a generation to clear , causing significant injury to the quality of the farmland for many years . " Still , even if they do n't prefer it , not everyone in the Show-Me State opposes the levee breach if it 's truly a last resort . Sutton said her family has traditionally made its living farming , but "  when it comes over people 's lives to farmland , I say save the lives . " "  They say it 's going to help Cairo , then I 'm for it , " she said . "  But I have a feeling that will destroy Mississippi County , financially bankrupt our county . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Bill Mears and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. Supreme Court rules against Missouri , so levee can be breached NEW : The Ohio River at Cairo , Illinois , is 60.3 feet -- 50 % above flood stage Missouri asks the Supreme Court to halt a plan to explode a levee to lessen pressure The proposal would flood Missouri farmland but save an Illinois town
OPRAH.com  -- At 13 he was selling crack . By 30 he was a hip-hop legend -- having gone , in his words , "  from grams to Grammys . " Jay-Z tells Oprah Winfrey a conversation with his father freed him "  one hundred percent . " Now Jay-Z charts his escape from the hard-knock life , describes the reunion that healed the wounds of his childhood -- and even reveals his personal creed . The rapper , now 39 , was born Shawn Carter in Brooklyn , New York . His albums include "  Reasonable Doubt , " "  The Black Album " and the just-released "  The Blueprint 3 . " Jay-Z also owns a portion of the NBA 's New Jersey Nets and founded , with Damon Dash , the clothing line Rocawear . Jay-Z spoke with Oprah Winfrey about his father , his anger and his old life . The following is an edited version of the interview . Oprah Winfrey : When you were 5 , your family moved to the Marcy projects -- and then your father left when you were 11 . When you look back at that , what did your 11-year-old self feel ? Jay-Z : Anger . At the whole situation . Because when you 're growing up , your dad is your superhero . Once you 've let yourself fall that in love with someone , once you put him on such a high pedestal and he lets you down , you never want to experience that pain again . So I remember just being really quiet and really cold . Never wanting to let myself get close to someone like that again . I carried that feeling throughout my life , until my father and I met up before he died . Oprah : Wow . I 've never heard a man phrase it that way . You know , I 've done many shows about divorce , and the real crime is when the kids are n't told . They just wake up one day and their dad is gone . Did that happen to you ? Jay-Z : We were told our parents would separate , but the reasons were n't explained . My mom prepared us more than he did . I do n't think he was ready for that level of discussion and emotion . He was a guy who was pretty detached from his feelings . Oprah : Did you wonder why he left ? Jay-Z : I summed it up that they were n't getting along . There was a lot of arguing . Oprah : And did you know you were angry ? Jay-Z : Yeah . I also felt protective of my mom . I remember telling her , "  Do n't worry , when I get big , I 'm going to take care of this . " I felt like I had to step up . I was 11 years old , right ? But I felt I had to make the situation better . Oprah : How did that change you ? Jay-Z : It made me not express my feelings as much . I was already a shy kid , and it made me a little reclusive . But it also made me independent . And stronger . It was a weird juxtaposition . Oprah : I 've read that when you were 12 , you shot your brother in the shoulder . Did your father 's leaving have anything to do with that ? Did it turn you into the kind of angry kid who would end up shooting his brother ? Jay-Z : Yes -- and my brother was dealing with a lot of demons . Oprah : How old was he ? Jay-Z : About 16 . He was doing a lot of drugs . He was taking stuff from our family . I was the youngest , but I felt like I needed to protect everybody . Oprah : So how did you get back in touch with your father ? Jay-Z : My mom set up a meeting . And now I realize why -- it makes all the sense in the world . I remember very distinctly that I had a conversation with her in my kitchen . I was saying , "  You know , Ma , I 've really been trying to look inward , and maybe I 'm just not meant to fall in love like other people do . " She just looked at me like , "  Hush up , boy . " Oprah : Wow . Jay-Z : And I guess from that point , she figured out what was wrong with me , and she planned a meeting between me and my father . I was like , "  Ma , I 'm a grown man . I do n't need a dad now . " Oprah : You did n't feel a hole in your soul ? Jay-Z : I never looked at that . I guess I did n't want to deal with it . Because , you know , once I looked , I 'd have to do something about it . And I guess I still had too much resentment and anger . Oprah : In one of your songs , you wrote that you were n't sure if your father even remembered your birthday is in December . Jay-Z : I believed that . When I was a kid , I once waited for him on a bench . He never showed up . Even as an adult , that affected me . So when my mom set up this meeting , I told her he would n't come -- and the first time , he did n't . At that point , I was really done , but Mom pushed for another meeting , because she 's just a beautiful soul . Oprah : The second time , your father showed up . Jay-Z : He showed up . And I gave him the real conversation . I told him how I felt the day he left . He was saying stuff like "  Man , you knew where I was . " I 'm like , "  I was a kid ! Do you realize how wrong you were ? It was your responsibility to see me . " He finally accepted that . Oprah : Where had he been ? Jay-Z : At his mom 's house 10 minutes away from me . That was the sad part . Oprah : Was there any explanation he could have offered that would have satisfied you ? Jay-Z : Yes -- and that 's why we were able to mend our relationship . Oprah : What was his reason ? Jay-Z : When I was 9 , my dad 's brother got stabbed , and my dad went looking for the guy who did it . People would call in the middle of the night and tell him , "  So-and-so is out here . " So my dad would get up , get his gun , and go outside to look for the guy . After a while , my mom was like , "  Hey , this is your family now . You ca n't do that . " But this was my dad 's baby brother . And my dad was in so much pain that he started using drugs and became a different person . So I understand that the trauma of the event , coupled with the drugs , caused him to lose his soul . Oprah : When you saw him again , had he come back to himself ? Jay-Z : He was broken . He had a bad liver , and he knew that if he continued drinking , it would kill him . But he did n't stop . Oprah : How soon after you saw him did he die ? Jay-Z : A couple of months . I got him an apartment , I was buying furniture . And he passed away . Oprah : Did you instantly make peace with him during that conversation ? Jay-Z : Pretty much . I felt lighter . Oprah : The conversation freed you in ways that you had n't been free before ? Jay-Z : One hundred percent . Oprah : Did it open the door for you to have a life with love in it ? Jay-Z : Absolutely . Oprah : So what 's your personal creed ? Jay-Z : Be true to yourself -- and keep things simple . People complicate things . Oprah : My creed is that intention creates reality . Jay-Z : Now I 'm having an aha moment ! That 's true . OPRAH.com : The top 20 things Oprah knows for sure Oprah : What 's the basis of your spiritual belief ? Jay-Z : I believe in karma : What you do to others comes back to you . Oprah : But do n't you think we 're responsible only for what we know ? Otherwise , you 'd be facing karma for every person you sold drugs to . Jay-Z : As a kid , I did n't know any better . But now , if I were to act as if what I did was n't bad , that would be irresponsible . And I 'd have to bear the weight of that . Oprah : Maya Angelou always says , "  When you know better , you do better . " Do you still think back on that time in your life ? Jay-Z : All the time . When you make music , you 're constantly on the psychiatrist 's couch , so to speak . That 's an outlet for me . Because I 'm not normally a talkative person . I do n't have conversations like this for no reason . OPRAH.com : Read the entire exclusive interview from O , The Oprah Magazine By Oprah Winfrey from O , The Oprah Magazine , September 2009 © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Jay-Z rose from a life of hardship to superstardom The rapper discusses how he reunited with his estranged father Says he believes in karma
Humans are causing a steep decline in populations of reef sharks in the Pacific Ocean according to a new study by a group of international marine scientists . The new estimates of reef sharks compared numbers around populated islands with those living near uninhabited ones . The results were sobering , say researchers . "  We estimate that reef shark numbers have dropped substantially around populated islands , generally by more than 90 % compared to those at the most untouched reefs , " said lead author Marc Nadon from the Joint Institute for Marine and Atmospheric Research at the University of Hawaii . Over 1600 underwater surveys across 46 U.S. Pacific islands and atolls were undertaken in the study and combined with data on human population , habitat complexity , reef size and satellite records . The estimates were gathered using "  towed-dive surveys " where paired SCUBA divers record shark sightings while being towed behind a small boat . It 's a method which provides a more accurate census of mobile reef fish like sharks over large areas , according to researchers . "  Around each of the heavily populated areas we surveyed -- in the main Hawaiian Islands , the Mariana Archipelago and the American Samoa -- reef shark numbers were greatly depressed compared to reefs in the same regions that were simply further away from humans , " Nadon said . "  We estimate that less than 10 % of the baseline numbers remain in these areas , " he added . Co-author of the study , Julia Baum from Canada 's University of Victoria says the human disturbances to reef shark populations are likely down to fishing -- either incidentally caught in the nets of commercial or recreational fishermen or by direct targeting for their fins . "  Reef shark fins are not the most valuable because they tend to be smaller than other sharks , but a lot of other oceanic sharks have already declined a lot so that 's why fisherman are now turning to them , " Baum said . She estimates these fins sell for around $ 100 per kilogram with demand coming from Asian markets where shark fin soup can be found on the menu for weddings and business banquets . Reef sharks , which are around six to eight feet long  1.8 meters to 2.4 meters  , are the "  apex predators " of coral reefs Baum says , and like predators in other eco-systems play an important role in structuring food webs . But there is still much to learn about their specific role . "  Frankly , we 're still trying to figure out what predators do on reefs . The reason for that is because most predators have been removed from reefs . Most reefs that coral reef biologists study are moderately to heavily degraded , " Baum said . The study forms part of the U.S. 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Pacific Reef Assessment and Monitoring Program and is published online in the journal Conservation Biology .	New study provides estimates on reef shark populations near islands in Pacific Ocean Marine scientists find reef shark numbers dramatically reduced around inhabited islands Over 1600 surveys make up study which forms part of NOAA Pacific monitoring program
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- The Arab world is among the worldwide audience that has been closely watching as events in Iran have unfolded over the past week . Protesters fight running battles with motorcycle-mounted militia members Saturday in Tehran . "  In all honesty , I am amazed by these Iranians , " Egyptian human rights activist and blogger Walid Abbas posted on his Twitter page . "  I have no green t-shirt " Abbas tweeted Saturday . He was referring to the color worn by many supporters of opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , whose supposed failure to win last week 's election sparked the wave of unrest that has gripped the nation . Watching the events unfolding in Iran on Twitter , Youtube and other social networks , the Egyptian activist said he is learning from the Iranian activists . He said he does not support Moussavi because he is part of the Mullah system . "  We are not with Moussavi , " Abbas tweeted , "  We are with the Iranian people and their demands . " Taghlob Salah , a 24-year-old Iraqi student at Baghdad Law College , told CNN that the Iranian youths who make up most of the protesters can be inspiring to Iraqis , despite cultural differences . See images of the clashes Saturday " "  Despite the difference that we have with Iran and the fact that many Iraqis do n't trust their Persian neighbor , we are still Muslims and at the end of the day that matters a lot , " he said . "  We will look at this phase in Iranian history and learn , for sure and I can say that we will learn from them , 100 percent . " Iraq and Iran are culturally linked because their populations are predominantly Shiite Muslims , as opposed to Sunni Muslims who make up the majority of most Arab countries . Salah credited the Internet for giving everyone involved a chance to have their voices heard . "  There are so many Iraqi groups all over Facebook , " he said . "  The world is evolving ; we are developing our approach to our surroundings . " Abdel Bari Atwan , editor of the London-based pan-Arab newspaper Al-Quds Al-Arabi , expressed dismay over the continued protests . He called on Moussavi to be "  responsible enough to protect his people and avoid bloodshed , instability and confrontation in his country that may rupture the Iranian internal unity spreading chaos throughout the region . " Atwan said Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made it clear in his speech during Friday prayers that his patience had run out and he praised the supreme leader for having displayed "  leniency " in his dealings with the protesters , but predicted that that leniency would not continue . iReport.com : Share images from Iran Abd Rahman Rashed , editor of the Saudi-owned , London-based Arabic daily Al-Sharq Al-Awsat , expressed a different point of view . In an editorial published Saturday , Rashed directed comments to Arab supporters of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose landslide victory in last week 's election is being challenged by Moussavi and his supporters . "  No matter what happens , Iran did technically change and will shift its course in a great way , " Rashed wrote . "  It is over , " he said . "  Iran the one system , the street and the agenda is over . " They may not understand Farsi or why some Iranians voted for Moussavi , Mehdi Karrubi or Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , but Arabs can surely relate to the passionate shouts of "  God is Great ! " And "  Down with the dictator " in defiance of Iran 's theocracy . Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense : through its proxies , Iran sometimes accuses some of the leading Arab states , including Egypt and Saudi Arabia , of being subject to the whims of Western imperialism and of failing to confront America and its ally , Israel , in the region . Rashed credited Iranians for speaking with courage against their government 's funding of controversial organizations like Hezbollah , Hamas and anti-government groups in Yemen and elsewhere . He said Iranians voted against the current system because they do n't want the government to dedicate the country 's budget to ally itself to such organizations instead of focusing on the average citizen . Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them financially , militarily and politically in their confrontation with the international community . Those states include Syria and Sudan , which support organizations like Hamas and Hezbollah -- deemed terrorist organizations by the United States -- that are used as a proxy to challenge America and Israel in the region . Some Arab states have long warned that Shiite Iran wants to spread its power across the Sunni-dominated Arab world , causing more mistrust and friction between the Persian nation and the Arab world . Recently , Egypt and Morocco accused Iran of attempting to spread the Shiite faith among its Sunni population and creating Shiite converts and activists in their communities and in the rest of the Arab world -- a charge that Iran has denied .	Arab world has closely watched as events in Iran have unfolded over past week Relations between Iran and Arab states have always been tense Egypt , Morocco accuse Iran of trying to spread Shiite faith among its Sunni population Some Arab states look to Iran as a regional superpower that can support them
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- The deep-rooted Spanish tradition of bullfighting is under fire in Barcelona and its region of Catalonia , where the regional parliament will vote on Wednesday whether to ban the fights . If approved , Catalonia would become the first region in mainland Spain to outlaw bullfighting , and some see it as a slap in the face to the rest of the country . Enrique Guillen , 24 , laments that he might be the last Barcelona-born bullfighter to take the "  alternativa , " or ceremonial fight in the ring against the biggest bulls to become a full-fledged matador , which he did last year at Barcelona 's sole remaining bullring , the Monumental . Guillen 's father worked at the bullring , opening the doors for bulls to charge in to face matadors and their death . "  My father brought me to see the bullfights when I still had a pacifier , " Guillen said . "  It would be frustrating not to be able to give to my children what my parents gave to me . " But activist Aida Gascon , of the Anti-Bullfighting Party , known as PACMA , looks beyond the tradition and sees animal cruelty . She says she 's attended just one bullfight in her life , and that was only to get a sense of the bull 's suffering , which she depicted in a painting that hangs in her living room . "  Bullfighting is part of Spanish culture , " Gascon said . "  But that should change . Many traditions disappear as the society advances . " The number of bullfights across Spain has dropped by one-third in recent years , due mostly to budget constraints of local governments , which often fund the spectacles . In Catalonia , there are now just over a dozen fights a year and the Monumental bullring in Barcelona is about the only place in the region that still holds fights . But Luis Corrales and his pro-bullfight group , known as PPDF , released a study predicting big economic losses for Catalonia if bullfighting is banned . This would mainly result , he says , because the Catalan government would have to pay damages to the bullfighting industry , which holds long-term operating licenses . "  When the Catalan government and the opposition are working hard to trim the budget , how could they justify making big indemnity payments to the bullfighting industry , when it 's not necessary , " Corrales said . But critics disagree , saying the economic impact would be minimal , given the small number of fights still held in Catalonia . Either way , the Catalan parliament bullfight vote is being watched not only in Spain , but abroad , where many have a fascination with bullfighting . The proposal to ban bullfighting started as a popular initiative in Catalonia and was accepted for consideration by parliament last year by a slim margin of votes . Since then , there has been an ever-intensifying debate , with bullfighting proponents and opponents gathering support from across Spain , even from abroad . Most analysts predict that the vote on Wednesday will be very close . The two largest parties in parliament , the ruling Socialists and the opposition Catalan nationalists , or CiU , have given their members of parliament freedom to vote their conscience . Some smaller parties on the left are expected to vote for the ban while the conservative Popular Party is expected to support continuing the tradition . The ban , if approved , would take effect in January 2012 and would not end bullfighting in the rest of Spain . It still has a strong following in Madrid and in the south around Seville . Spain 's Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean already does not allow bullfighting , but a ban in Catalonia would be considered a bigger blow to the tradition . Some analysts say that Catalan nationalism , including the desire by some in the Barcelona area for independence from Spain , also is playing a role in the vote , as well as the upcoming regional elections for parliament later this year . But the main bullfighting proponents and opponents say the root issue is a clear line in the sand : tradition vs. protection of animals . The Catalan parliament vote is expected by 1 p.m.  7 a.m. ET  Wednesday .	Catalonia would become the first region of mainland Spain to ban bullfights Only one bullfight ring remains in Barcelona , with about a dozen fights a year "  Many traditions disappear as the society advances , " ban backer says Economic impact would be painful , bullfight booster argues
CNN  -- The Billings , Montana , City Council will take up the issue of regulating medical marijuana on Monday night in a meeting expected to be intense in the wake of the firebombings of two of the city 's medical marijuana storefronts in the last two days . The southern Montana city 's dispensaries legally provide marijuana to medical patients who use it for maladies from glaucoma to nausea to lack of appetite . In the latest incidents , the phrase "  Not in our town " was spray-painted on the businesses , police say . Police Sgt. Kevin Iffland said Big Sky Patient Care was hit early Sunday morning and Montana Therapeutics was the target early Monday . Both had a rock thrown through the front door , followed by a Molotov cocktail . In both cases , Iffland said , the fire was put out swiftly and damage was not extensive . Iffland said Billings police are working with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and that the two firebombs are being handled as felony arsons carrying sentences of up to 20 years in prison and a $ 50,000 fine . The attacks on the storefronts come as the Billings City Council considers a moratorium on licensing new dispensaries while it works up a regulatory ordinance . Sixty-two percent of Montanans voted in 2004 to allow caregivers to grow marijuana for qualified patients , but the state law said nothing about distribution . In that absence , municipalities and county governments began licensing the establishments on their own . But , Iffland said , Billings was ill-prepared for the number of applications and has very little regulation in place . Billings , he said , is a town of about 100,000 and has had nearly 90 applications for medical marijuana storefronts -- and some residents are angry . He fully expected a heated council meeting . Meanwhile , investigators are still reviewing evidence in the firebombings and are working with one of the businesses that has surveillance video but is reluctant to hand over the tape because of privacy concerns . While the investigation is ongoing , police have stepped up patrols in the areas where the medical marijuana storefronts are located , Iffland said .	"  Not in our town " was spray-painted on the businesses , police say 62 percent of Montanans voted in '04 to allow caregivers to grow marijuana Billings City Council is working on a regulatory ordinance
AOL Autos  -- There are two good ways to buy your new car or truck at a reasonable low price and avoid all of the negotiating games and hassles : 1 . Buy through the Internet Buying your new or used car or truck through the Internet is the easiest and most hassle-free way to make the purchase . All you have to do is choose the vehicle brand and model you wish to purchase as well as provide some basic contact information such as your name and e-mail address . In return , you 'll receive - via e-mail - low bottom-line selling prices from dealerships in your area for the exact vehicle you want to buy . Compare the various selling prices and find the lowest one . Then , simply go direct to that dealership 's Internet Department , sign the papers and drive your new car home - no negotiating , no hassles . To begin the process , get your free price quotes from AOL Autos . It only takes a few minutes . This service is totally free and you are under no obligation or pressure to buy . AOL , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . Within 24 hours , you 'll receive your bottom-line selling prices from dealerships in your area . Once you 've compared the various prices and found the lowest one , you then have four good options : • You can go to the dealership that gave you the lowest price , sign the papers and drive your new car home -- no hassles , no negotiating . AOL Autos : Best deals of the month • You can try to negotiate the lowest price with the dealership in order to get the price even lower . There 's nothing that says you ca n't . AOL Autos : Aggressive car buying tactics • You can shop the lowest price around to other dealerships to see if any of them are willing to beat it . AOL Autos : Which dealers treat you best ? • You can do nothing . If you feel unsure or uncertain , then set it aside for a while . You are not obligated to buy anything you do n't want . By getting these low bottom-line selling prices via the Internet , you 're avoiding the car salesman 's entire negotiating game altogether . And you 're buying your car at about the same price you would expect after lengthy negotiations . It 's certainly the fastest and easiest way to beat the car salesman . AOL Autos : New rules to car buying 2 . Buy through the dealership 's Fleet Department Almost every dealership has a division called the "  Fleet Department . " It usually consists of only a handful of salespeople who specialize in selling fleets of cars -- large orders of several vehicles direct to businesses . This department is authorized by the dealership to sell their cars at bottom-line non-negotiable prices . The prices they offer are about the same as you would expect from an online price quote or after lengthy negotiations . A secret of the car business is that many dealerships ' Fleet Departments also sell direct to the public . By the rules of the game , however , they ca n't advertise to the public since they do n't want to compete with the dealership 's retail sales team . So to buy from the Fleet Department , you have to specifically ask . To buy your vehicle direct from the dealership 's Fleet Department , simply call the dealership and ask to speak with the Fleet Manager . When you get him on the line , explain to him that you 're ready to buy a car and you 'd like to buy it from him . If he asks you what business you are associated with , tell him where you work . He 'll probably be happy to set up an appointment with you . When you arrive at the dealership , the Fleet Manager will show you the vehicle , allow you to test drive it , and then bring you to the office to discuss price . With absolutely no negotiations , he 'll offer you a reasonable bottom-line non-negotiable selling price for the vehicle . If the price he gives you falls within the pre-set limits of your buying goal and you 're satisfied with the deal , then you can buy the car . No pressure , no games , no hassles . If for some reason , you do n't want to buy the vehicle , you are under no obligation . Simply thank the salesman for his time and leave on good terms . Then , if you 'd like , you can visit  or call  the Fleet Departments of other dealerships to compare prices . The selling prices offered by the various Fleet Departments can vary depending upon their inventories . AOL Autos : Have a car shopping game plan	You can solicit best price quotes from car dealers over the Internet You can shop the lowest price to other dealers to see if they will match or beat it Individuals can also buy car from dealer 's Fleet Department
BudgetTravel.com  -- The Web should make things easier for travelers , but the sheer volume of services out there is often more overwhelming than useful . Unfortunately , you do n't always know which outfits pay off until you 've already invested your time . The Budget Travel team puts websites -- new and established -- to the test every day . So when it came time to line up our favorites , the task was easy -- we just turned to the sites we keep revisiting because they 're so darn helpful . Our top picks can help you avoid overpaying for airfare  Bing Travel  , bag the primo room at a hotel  Hipmunk  , and never miss a deal on a rental-car reservation again  AutoSlash  . Some of our favorites are as useful as a mind-reading tour guide  Plnnr  ; others are as handy as having a personal secretary track your frequent-flier balances  Award Wallet  . Put them all together , and they become Budget Travel 's picks for the best the Web has to offer . Budget Travel : 4 most common reasons airlines lose luggage For Planning 1 . Bing Travel Buy plane tickets at the best possible time . Like other booking sites , Bing lets you comparison-shop for tickets across more than a hundred sources . Yet unlike most other sites , it also analyzes historical data to predict whether the price you see on the screen today is likely to rise  or drop  in the coming week , clearly marking the bargains with a big , green Buy Now icon . What 's more , Bing is the only airfare search site to have its predictions independently audited . With an accuracy rate of 75 percent , it 's not perfect -- but those are better odds than blind guessing gets you . bing.com/travel . 2 . AutoSlash Lock in the lowest rate on rental cars . Here 's how it works : Reserve a vehicle from a favorite agency through the AutoSlash site , and the site will instantly begin tracking rate changes for your reservation . If a sale pops up later -- snap ! -- it automatically locks in the lower price on your behalf . You can even use AutoSlash if you 've booked independently . Just enter your confirmation number , and the site will notify you when it 's found a lower rate  which you 'll have to rebook on your own  . Neither AutoSlash nor the company you first booked with charges a fee for the service . autoslash.com . Budget Travel : 10 coolest small towns in America 3 . Fly or Drive Calculator Determine the cheapest way to reach your destination . Coupon site befrugal.com crunches data from sources such as AAA and Google Maps to power its Fly or Drive estimator  found in the site 's Tools & Calculators tab  . The more details you supply -- the make and model of your car , the number of travelers in your group , whether you 'd be springing for a taxi to the airport -- the more accurate the estimates . For the eco-minded , it even includes a carbon-footprint estimate for each mode of travel .  Note : The calculator only works for trips within the continental U.S.  befrugal.com/tools/fly-or-drive-calculator/ . 4 . Plnnr Get instant itineraries tailored to your tastes . Whether you have a full week or a few hours , Plnnr can craft a  free !  customized point-to-point trip guide for 20 popular urban destinations across North America and Europe . You supply the length of your stay , desired activity level , and interests  such as outdoors , kids ' activities , and culture  , and the site spits out a fully formed itinerary , factoring in each attraction 's opening and closing hours and travel times between spots by taxi or on foot . You can further fine-tune the results by adjusting the priority level for even more specific subcategories -- architecture , breweries , and even cemeteries -- or reject individual suggestions outright .  Plnnr wo n't get its feelings hurt .  plnnr.com . 5 . Hipmunk Find a hotel you 'll fall in love with . The folks behind Hipmunk 's airfare and hotel searches know that good trips are about more than mere numbers . That 's why they 've incorporated an "  agony " scale for flights with multiple legs and long layovers , and an "  ecstasy " rating for hotels based on a combination of a property 's amenities , rates , and user reviews on TripAdvisor . Even better , Hipmunk 's hotel search tool has built-in color-coded heat maps to display a given destination 's best spots for dining , shopping , nightlife , landmarks , and -- ahem -- "  vice . " So you 'll always end up in a neighborhood that fits your specific needs  or noise tolerance  . The site displays real-time prices available on Orbitz , Getaroom , Hotels.com , HotelsCombined , or Airbnb and links out to the appropriate site to close the deal . hipmunk.com . Budget Travel : A neat freak 's guide to a clean suitcase On the road 6 . TripIt Keep every last confirmation number , arrival time , and prepaid reservation fee straight . Do n't have an Ã 1/4 ber-organized type among your travel crew ? Do n't worry . TripIt consolidates every important detail of your vacation into a single handy document , which you can access on the go via laptop , tablet , or smartphone . Just forward each email receipt from booking a flight , hotel , rental car , or cruise to your TripIt account , and the site will cull and compile the flight numbers , gate information , and other relevant items so you never show up in the wrong place at the wrong time -- or with the wrong confirmation code in hand . Not satisfied ? The site also supplies seat-selection advice for flights , links to check in online , flight status updates , weather forecasts , and driving directions . tripit.com . 7 . Tripping Connect with the locals -- through a trustworthy community . While any old travel site can add some social-networking features and call itself "  the Facebook of travel , " Tripping paves the way for true face-to-face interactions in about 130 countries across the globe . Primarily a homestay network -- but just as effective for setting up a casual coffee meeting or a video chat with a looped-in local -- Tripping manages the risk factor with its stringent membership policies and strong user-reference system .  To join , users must display a passport via Skype and prove a home address .  When you 're not traveling yourself , you can earn some good travel karma by playing tour guide for visitors to your own hometown . tripping.com . 8 . Google Maps Expertly navigate unfamiliar territory . Thanks to constant refining by its mapmakers and graphic designers , Google 's gold-standard mapping tool just keeps getting better . Live traffic information was recently added for 13 European countries ; the site 's maps for New York City , London , and other major cities now have public transit options ; markings for tunnels and highway signs become easier to read every year ; and you can plot your route by car , bicycle , or foot -- although the latter two options are still in beta . There 's simply no more comprehensive and user-friendly way to explore . maps.google.com . Budget Travel : 10 gorgeous pools you wo n't believe are public Once you 're back 9 . Award Wallet Never let another frequent-flier mile expire . Consider it the loyalty-program counterpart to TripIt 's travel-info collector . Award Wallet streamlines your family 's assortment of frequent-flier and loyalty programs , compiling them in a single , simple , point-tracking package . The setup takes minutes . For each account , just enter your log-in information ; Award Wallet automatically pulls your points balances and expiration dates -- so you know to take action if you 're on the verge of losing them . And because the site saves your log-in information , you only need one password to access all your accounts . awardwallet.com . 10 . Blurb Preserve your photographs in a format that people ca n't keep their hands off of . Custom book publisher Blurb lets you design and print a soft-cover or hardcover travel photo album using impressive design tools and high-quality inks , paper , and binding . Most important , it also leaves you broad creative control .  No floral borders or faux photo-corners necessary .  Price is based on size , paper stock , cover material , and shipping fees , but single copies start at $ 11 for a 20-page book . Think your book has potential beyond your own coffee table ? Blurb can also share your images as a free online slide show or sell copies of the book through its online shop . blurb.com . Budget Travel : 12 restaurants with spectacular views Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	For planing your trip , Bing Travel , AutoSlash and Plnnr can be helpful sites While you 're on the road , check TripIt or Tripping for travel advice Once you 're back home , creatively preserve yur photos with Blurb
London  CNN  The condition of a health worker battling Ebola in London has stabilized , but she remains in critical condition , Britain 's health secretary told lawmakers Monday . On December 29 , Pauline Cafferkey , 39 , of Glasgow , Scotland , became the first person to be diagnosed with the virus on UK soil , after returning from Sierra Leone the day before . On Saturday , the London hospital where she is being treated said that her condition had deteriorated over two days to critical . In a statement to the British House of Commons Monday , Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt commended Cafferkey and 69 other National Health Service volunteers who had spent Christmas in Sierra Leone for "  the exceptional bravery and compassion they showed in joining the battle against Ebola . " He said the doctor leading the team caring for Cafferkey at the Royal Free had updated him on her condition Monday morning . "  As has been reported , Pauline 's condition has deteriorated to a critical state , although she stabilized yesterday and continues to receive the best possible care , " Hunt said . Screening The Health Secretary described Cafferkey 's journey from Sierra Leone -- where she had worked for six weeks -- to Glasgow and London via Casablanca and Heathrow airports . Having been screened and cleared in Sierra Leone and Casablanca , Morocco , Cafferkey arrived at Heathrow where she was again screened . "  As her temperature was in the acceptable range she was cleared to fly home to Scotland , " Hunt said . "  While still at Heathrow , a reassessment was triggered because of concerns she may have had an elevated temperature . She was reassessed and her temperature taken a further six times over 30 minutes . As her temperature was within the acceptable range , she was again cleared to travel . " However , once in Glasgow , Cafferkey became feverish overnight and was admitted to an isolation unit on December 29 . After testing positive for Ebola she was transferred to London Royal Free Hospital , Hunt said . "  Some have asked whether it was appropriate for her to be allowed to travel onto Glasgow after she raised concerns about her health at Heathrow . The clinical advice on this is clear : You can only contract Ebola by coming into contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person -- that means blood , vomit or diarrhea -- which becomes a risk when a patient is exhibiting feverish symptoms . "  Because she did n't have a high temperature , the clinical judgment was made to allow her to continue her journey home , " he said . The Health Secretary said clinical protocols appeared to have been followed when Cafferkey returned to the UK but in terms of screening , "  I do n't think organizationally , it was as smooth as it could be . " Review of procedures Cafferkey had been working at Save the Children 's Kerry Town Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone . On Monday , the charity said it was "  doing everything possible " to establish how Cafferkey contracted Ebola and has been conducting a review since she was confirmed as having the virus on December 29 . "  The Serious Event Review  SER  is looking at how the patient might have contracted Ebola by reviewing training , safety protocols , how protective equipment is used , and working practices , " it said in a statement . A panel that would include independent health experts would consider the review 's findings , which would be made available as soon as possible , it said . "  As with other Ebola infections in health facilities , it may never be possible to be 100 % sure how the patient was infected . The work of these brave health workers is never risk-free , but we are committed to doing everything possible to learn what happened and , if necessary , to make changes to our protocols and practice , " Save the Children said . "  Staff safety is our No. 1 priority and our thoughts are with Pauline and her family at this very difficult time . " Britain 's health secretary told lawmakers that Save the Children 's review was being conducted in conjunction with Public Health England staff and it was hoped that it would report back "  in the next few days . " "  Obviously we 're keen for them to report as quickly as possible but on the other hand we do n't want to put them under pressure not to do a thorough report , " he said . Hunt said it was not believed that the protective suits worn by the workers had been breached , but that officials were continuing to "  keep an open mind . " Hospital treatment The Royal Free Hospital said Wednesday that Cafferkey had decided to have blood plasma treatment -- using plasma from Ebola survivors -- and to take an experimental antiviral drug . The hospital is equipped with a high-level isolation unit where access is restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent with controlled ventilation is over the patient 's bed . Another British volunteer nurse , William Pooley , was treated in the unit after his return home from Sierra Leone in August after being diagnosed with Ebola . He was later cleared of the virus . What to know about Ebola	British health worker Pauline Cafferkey was confirmed as having Ebola on December 29 Cafferkey had been working in Sierra Leone and was diagnosed after returning to the UK UK Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt says she is in a critical but stable condition Save the Children says it is "  doing everything possible " to establish how she fell ill
CNN  -- More than 90 people in 30 states were arrested Thursday as federal agents cracked down on the designer synthetic drug industry , the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announced . Almost 5 million packets of fake pot and nearly 167,000 packages of "  bath salts " were seized as well as $ 36 million , DEA Administrator Michele M. Leonhart said . Earlier this month President Obama signed a law banning the sale of 31 compounds used in synthetic drugs , but the synthetic drug makers try to skirt the legislation and previous laws by changing the chemical composition . The DEA said it used the authority provided by the Controlled Substance Analogue Enforcement Act . which it said "  specifically exists to combat these new and emerging designer drugs . " Previously on CNN.com : Zombie-like attacker used pot , not ` bath salts ' "  Although tremendous progress has been made in legislating and scheduling these dangerous substances , this enforcement action has disrupted the entire illegal industry , from manufacturers to retailers , " Leonhart said . Members of the DEA , FBI , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Internal Revenue Service , U.S. Postal Inspection Service , U.S. Customs and Border Patrol and FDA took part in what was dubbed "  Operation Log Jam . " "  Today , we struck a huge blow to the synthetic drug industry , "  James Chaparro , the acting director of ICE 's Office of Homeland Security Investigations , said . "  The criminal organizations behind the importation , distribution and selling of these synthetic drugs have scant regard for human life in their reckless pursuit of illicit profits . " Leonhart said agents also seized the material to make more than 13.5 million packets of synthetic cannabinoids and 392,000 packets of bath salts . Not the same substance used to scent your bathwater , bath salts contain amphetamine-like chemicals such as methylenedioxypyrovalerone and are sold as "  cocaine substitutes " or "  synthetic LSD . " Its effects include paranoia , hallucinations , convulsions and psychotic episodes . One former addict told CNN in June that he overdosed on bath salts once and "  I just felt all kinds of crazy . " Freddy Sharp , now 27 , said , "  It felt so evil . It felt like the darkest , evilest thing imaginable . " According to the DEA , the number of calls to poison centers related to synthetic drugs soared from about 3,200 in 2010 to more than 13,000 last year . More from CNN Justice.com : Attorneys : Sandusky voice mails released , shower abuse victim to sue Five arrested , accused of terrorizing Jewish camp in Pennsylvania Calm returns after protests rock Los Angeles suburb Florida puppeteer accused in child porn case CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Federal task force arrest dozens of people across the United States DEA says they were making and selling illegal synthetic drugs including fake pot , bath salts ICE official : This is a "  huge blow " to criminal organizations that deal the drugs Bath salts are n't like ones you use in the tub , more akin to cocaine
CNN  -- New Jersey and Delaware look set for a blizzard starting Friday afternoon , and Washington and Baltimore , Maryland , may experience "  near-blizzard conditions " starting Friday , the National Weather Service said Thursday . The blizzard warning for New Jersey and Delaware takes effect Friday at 4 p.m. , while the winter storm warning for the nation 's capital and surrounding areas starts Friday morning at 10 a.m. . The expected New Jersey blizzard will make travel "  extremely dangerous , " the agency cautioned . The warning means "  severe winter conditions are expected , " while snow , strong winds and poor visibility are likely , leading to "  whiteout conditions . " The storm could drop up to 24 inches of snow on southern New Jersey and 12 to 18 inches on Delaware and the central New Jersey coast , the National Weather Service in Mount Holly , New Jersey , said . The blizzard warning remains in effect until Saturday at 7 p.m. . It replaces an earlier winter storm watch , which is less severe . Washington and Baltimore will be under a winter storm warning from 10 a.m. Friday until 10 p.m. Saturday . The winter storm warning is issued when significant amounts of snow are expected or occurring . The storm will make travel "  very hazardous or nearly impossible Friday night , " the agency warned . Amtrak has canceled most Friday service from Washington southward , it said Thursday . Washington schools will dismiss students at 12 p.m. Friday and cancel all after-school programs , the school system announced Thursday night . Baltimore , Maryland , Washington and the surrounding north Virginia area could receive 16 to 24 inches of snow , with Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , getting eight to 12 inches . Winter storm warnings also cover most of Pennsylvania , Virginia , West Virginia , central Indiana , Ohio and western North Carolina . iReport : Share your photos and video with CNN New York residents could face 4 to 9 inches of snow between Friday and Saturday , the weather service said , but there is a chance the storm system will remain south of the city . In the Southeast , heavy rain Thursday will cause widespread minor flooding and isolated moderate flooding across the region , forecasters said . Flood watches are in effect for southeastern Louisiana , to east-central Georgia , with western South Carolina and eastern North Carolina also affected . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Blizzard warnings issued for Delaware , New Jersey New Jersey could see 2 feet of snow , "  whiteout " conditions "  Near-blizzard conditions " predicted for Washington and Baltimore , Maryland Heavy rain and flooding predicted in the Southeast
CNN  -- A 23-year-old Mexican beauty queen and seven men were taken into custody late Monday after being found in vehicles containing weapons and cash in central Mexico , police said Tuesday . Laura Zuniga and seven men were found in vehicles with guns and $ 50,000 , Mexican police say . Laura Zuniga and the men were traveling in two vehicles that contained AR-15 assault rifles , handguns , cartridges and $ 50,000 in cash , said Luis Carlos Najera Gutierrez de Velazco , secretary of public security for the state of Jalisco . The eight were stopped in Zapopan , outside Guadalajara , and will face arms charges and an investigation by a federal organized crime team , Najera said . Police , who had received a tip that a group of armed men were in a home , "  detected " the vehicles as they were traveling to investigate the call , Najera said . One of the men in the vehicles was 29-year-old Angel Orlando Garcia Urquiza , who is Zuniga 's boyfriend and the brother of "  one of the greatest capos of narcotraffic , " Najera said . Najera said Urquiza 's brother , Ricardo Garcia Urquiza , is a member of the Juarez cartel and already was in police custody . All eight were filed before the news media Tuesday . Zuniga , wearing blue jeans and a gray sweater , raised her handcuffed wrists to cover her face in a police picture . Zuniga is from Culiacan in the state of Sinaloa , a center of drug activity . In July , she won the title Nuestra Belleza Sinaloa . That gave her the right to compete two months later in the national Nuestra Belleza Mexico in Monterrey , where she won "  The Election of the Queens , " one of five special recognitions , and came in third overall . In October , she won the title "  Hispanoamerican Queen 2008 " in Santa Cruz , Bolivia . According to the Nuestra Belleza Mexico Web site , she is to represent Mexico in next year 's Miss International contest .	Mexican police : Laura Zuniga , seven men face arms charges , federal probe Zuniga , men found in vehicles with weapons , $ 50,000 , police say Zuniga won state beauty contest , finished third in national competition She won "  Hispanoamerican Queen 2008 " title in October
CNN Student News  -- April 29 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Tornado affected areas • Kennedy Space Center • United Kingdom Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . ROBERT ALLEN , TERRA LINDA HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT -LSB- RAPPING -RSB- : One , two , three ... hit it ! You keep on and you do n't stop . You keep on and you do n't stop . Now what you hear is not a test , so if think you 're the best , then put it to rest . So ladies , fellows , girls and boys , join me please and make some noise for your favorite show and mine , CNN Student News . Take it away , Carl . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Okay , it 's Friday , and that was awesome ! My buddy had a sweet voice too . Thank you to the students at Terra Linda High School . And thanks to all of you for rapping up -- get it ? -- your week with CNN Student News . First Up : Southern Storms AZUZ : Unparalleled , near-epic , heartbreaking . Those are just some of the words officials are using to describe the severe weather and the impact that it had as it ripped across parts of the southern U.S. on Wednesday . We 've been talking about storms in the south for a few days now . The devastation that happened on Wednesday was immense . Across six states , more than 270 people were killed . Whole neighborhoods destroyed . Governors declaring states of emergency and asking President Obama to do the same thing . Most of the deaths happened in Alabama . This video gives you an idea of just how frightening it was to be in parts of that state on Wednesday . This tornado hit Tuscaloosa . That 's where the University of Alabama is located . Officials say the school was n't hit too badly . Nnot the case for other parts of the town . Tuscaloosa 's mayor said , "  I do n't know how anyone survived . " He added , "  We 're used to tornadoes here in Tuscaloosa . But when you look at the path of destruction ... there 's parts of the city I do n't recognize . " No question about it , these storms were strong . As it turns out , you 're more likely to get more powerful storms when there are n't a lot in one area . Yesterday , Chad Myers explained the science behind that . CHAD MYERS , CNN METEOROLOGIST : When you have a bunch of storms that are all banging into each other , you do n't get F-4 , F-5 tornadoes . When you have a storm all by itself , like we had a couple of them yesterday , here , here , here , here , not battling tops , all by themselves , that 's when you get this type of structure . Impact Your World AZUZ : Relief is already on the way . At CNNStudentNews.com , you can out how you can make a difference . Go to our home page , scroll down to the Spotlight section and click on the "  Impact Your World " link to learn how you can help . What 's the Word ? BARBARA HALL , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the word ? As a noun , it means an effort , an action or activity designed to achieve a goal . ENDEAVOR That 's the word ! Endeavour Launch AZUZ : The space shuttle Endeavour is getting ready to set off on a new endeavor . You might notice that the shuttle 's name is spelled differently . That 's because it 's named after a British ship , not after the word . Endeavour is scheduled to launch later today . The mission to the international space station will be commanded by Mark Kelly . His wife will be at the Kennedy Space Center to watch the liftoff . That 's newsworthy , because his wife is U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords , who was the victim of a shooting less than four months ago . The two-week mission is the last one for Endeavour . As it gets ready to take its last flight , John Zarrella looks back at the first time Endeavour lifted off . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN MIAMI BUREAU CHIEF AND CORRESPONDENT : Endeavour , the newest of the orbiters , might never have been built if not for a terrible accident . In the aftermath of the loss of Challenger in 1986 , President Reagan promised the disaster would not stop the journey outward . FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT RONALD REAGAN : We will continue our quest in space . There will be more shuttle flights and more shuttle crews . ZARRELLA : A year and a half later , Congress authorized the construction of the new , nearly $ 2 billion space plane . Endeavour 's first flight , 1992 . UNIDENTIFED NASA ANNOUNCER : Liftoff of the maiden voyage of Endeavour ... ZARRELLA : This will be its 25th and final flight . Along its journey , Endeavour made numerous construction trips to the international space station and handled the first Hubble Telescope repair mission . Barbara Morgan , the first educator in space , flew on Endeavour . Morgan was the back-up to teacher-in-space Christa McAuliffe , who died on Challenger . The shuttle fleet has had both a tragic and triumphant past . And for thirty years , has been America 's signature flying machine . COL. MIKE FINCKE , ENDEAVOUR ASTRONAUT : It 's got a glass cockpit . It has a robot arm . It can fly to the Hubble Space Telescope or the station . It can land anywhere on the planet that has a runway . It is an amazing piece of equipment on any scale . ZARRELLA : When Endeavour returns from its final flight , Commander Mark Kelly jokes , there wo n't be anything missing . MARK KELLY , ENDEAVOUR COMMANDER : You know , when you fly an airplane to the boneyard out in the desert , they say do n't take anything off of it . You get the brief ahead of time . I 'll do the same thing with my crew : "  You got to leave , make sure it all stays intact for the museum . " We 're not gon na be signing our name on anything . ZARRELLA : Perhaps just the guest book at the California Science Center , where Endeavour will be placed in retirement . John Zarrella , CNN , at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Newkirk 's 7UPS classes at Eastside Middle School in Mt. Washington , Kentucky ! Where is today 's royal wedding taking place ? You know what to do ! Is it in : A  St. Paul 's Cathedral , B  Westminster Abbey , C  Buckhingham Palace or D  Piccadilly Circus ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Prince William and Kate Middleton are exchanging vows at Westminster Abbey . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Royal Wedding AZUZ : Westminster Abbey is a popular choice for royal weddings . That 's where Queen Elizabeth II was married 63 years ago . Before William and Kate set foot in the Abbey this morning , though , people were lining up on the streets of London hoping to catch a glimpse of the couple on their way to Westminster . At CNNStudentNews.com , you 'll find CNN 's Royal Wedding Planner . Check out the guest list , the seating chart for the Abbey , the royal wedding family tree . There 's been a ton of media focus on the wedding , especially here in the U.S. , a country that fought for its independence from Great Britain . Kiran Chetry looks at how a revolution eventually gave way to a special relationship between the two nations . BEGIN VIDEO DAVID WOOLNER , HISTORIAN , ROOSEVELT INSTITUTE : It 's that summer of '39 that you see the beginning of the birth of this special relationship that 's been with us ever since . KIRAN CHETRY , CNN ANCHOR : At the time , the spotlight on another royal couple : King George and Queen Elizabeth . The special relationship with the United States begins with letters between the king and President Franklin Roosevelt . And soon after , a visit ; the first time a reigning British monarch tours the U.S. WOOLNER : This visit then comes at a very critical moment . War is imminent . Roosevelt was looking for a way to strengthen U.S. bonds with Great Britain . Especially the bonds between the American people and the British people . CHETRY : Not long after , Winston Churchill is the first to use the phrase "  special relationship , " as the two countries fight together during World War II . A sentiment often repeated by other prime ministers and presidents throughout the years . GORDON BROWN , FORMER BRITISH PRIME MINISTER : I come in friendship to renew for new times our special relationship . CHETRY : Why is that relationship so special ? BROWN : It did n't start very well 225 years ago when you kicked the British out . But I think this shared purpose , the same values of liberty , democracy , responsibility to each other , fairness . CHETRY : Yet , the special relationship has not been without strains . The United States would not support Great Britain during the 1956 Suez Canal crisis , and Great Britain refused to support the United States during the Vietnam War . BROWN : We can have treaties that are broken , but this relationship , it seems to me , is unbreakable , because it is based on something more than just sort of an assessment of your best interests . CHETRY : Close ties between the two countries often correspond with the bonds of friendship between the leaders : Prime Minister Harold McMillan and President John F. Kennedy fighting the Cold War . Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and President Ronald Reagan , united during the fall of the Soviet Union . But Prime Minister Tony Blair 's support of President George Bush 's decision to invade Iraq was not without consequences . WOOLNER : This became very , very unpopular , of course , among the British public . And Tony Blair paid a price for this politically and is still paying a price for this to this day . CHETRY : But as the two countries move forward , former Prime Minister Brown takes an optimistic view . BROWN : Despite all the different problems that will arise , this relationship will endure and , perhaps , strengthen in the years to come . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , kids hate being told to clean up their toys . But for the little guy in this YouTube video , it 's a chance to show off his skills . First shot , kind of impressive . Keep in mind , he 's only 18 months old . He lines up the 2nd kick . Gooooooooooooooooooooal ! Can he go a perfect 3 for 3 ? You bet he can . Somebody better sign him up ! Turns out , somebody did ! His granddad 's old soccer team . Signing a toddler to a ten-year contract ? Goodbye AZUZ : We bet grandpa got a real kick out of that . As for the mini-midfielder , if he ever throws a tantrum , I guess his parents just have to give him a red card since there are no time outs in soccer . That 's gon na run out the clock on today 's show . We 'll see you again on Monday .	Witness the immense devastation caused by storms in the southern U.S. Look back at the legacy of the Endeavour shuttle before its final flight Trace the development of the special relationship between the U.S. and U.K. Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
A massive statue of Pharaoh Amenhotep III was toppled in an earthquake some 3,000 years ago . It has risen again . The 50-ton , 13-meter  42-foot  statue was unveiled on Sunday at the ancient city of Luxor , Egypt , restored to its former grandeur due to the hard work of Egyptian and German archaeologists . The same team , including noted German archaeologist Hourig Sourouzian , unveiled two other massive statues of Pharaoh Amenhotep III in March . Sourouzian heads the temple of Amenhotep III conservation project . The latest statue to be restored depicts Amenhotep III standing tall . "  These are up to now the highest standing effigies of an Egyptian king in striding attitude , " Sourouzian told Agence France-Presse . The temple of Amenhotep III was erected between 1390 and 1353 B.C. for the pharaoh , according to the World Monument Fund . It was 100 meters wide and 600 meters long , but only the lower sections of the structure remain . Egypt dig unearths 3,600-year-old mummy The newly restored statues can be found at the funerary temple of Amenhotep III . They join a pair of already-famous giants at the temple known as the Colossi of Memnon -- two 16-meter images of Amenhotep III seated on his throne . The Colossi of Memnon , which mark the entrance of the temple of Amenhotep III , are the most visible remains of what was once the most richly ornamented of all Theban monuments , says the World Monument Fund . "  The temple structure was originally destroyed by earthquakes , and , since it was never fully excavated , the site was overgrown with vegetation and threatened by seasonal floods and agricultural development , " says the organization . Pharaoh 's tomb sheds light on shadowy Egyptian dynasty Located more than 600 kilometers  370 miles  from Cairo , Luxor is divided by the Nile into two areas commonly referred to as the East and West Bank . The West Bank is home to some of Egypt 's most prized ancient temples and monuments . The unveiling comes at a time when Egypt 's tourism sector is fighting to pull itself out of a slump due to political instability that 's lingered since the ousting of Hosni Mubarak in 2011 .	Restored ancient statue of Pharaoh Amenhotep III unveiled in Luxor , Egypt Two other restored statues of the pharaoh were unveiled in March The statue weighs 50 tons and stands 13 meters tall
CNN  -- Night had fallen when the men heard the sounds on the mountain . First it was a chime , then a recitation of verses , followed by the crackle of wood burning . They scrambled to the summit to see what was happening . There , seated with his palms together and facing west , was their friend . Flames leapt around the peaceful man , engulfing him . It was just as he 'd intended . The year was 527 . This story of Daodu , a Buddhist monk , is told in James Benn 's "  Burning for the Buddha : Self-Immolation in Chinese Buddhism . " Benn , an associate professor of religion at McMaster University in Ontario , Canada , writes that the act of setting one 's self on fire dates back in Chinese Buddhist tradition to the late fourth century . But no matter how old , self-immolation still leaves people horrified , riveted and moved . The popular uprising that led to the toppling of Tunisia 's government began after Mohamed Bouazizi , an unemployed 26-year-old college graduate , ignited himself in protest and died earlier this month . Since then , a wave of self-immolations has rolled through North Africa , with other incidents in Egypt , Algeria and Mauritania . "  There 's something so primal , so dramatic . ... It 's meant to be noticed , " said Carolyn Marvin , a professor who 's specialized in freedom of expression at the Annenberg School of Communications at the University of Pennsylvania . It seems to "  demand some kind of reparation . " Though the history of self-immolation may run more than 1,500 years deep , the Western world woke up to it in the 1960s . The iconic June 1963 image of Thich Quang Duc , a Vietnamese Buddhist monk , surrounded by flames in a busy Saigon intersection was seared into Western consciousness . He was protesting the persecution of Buddhists by the South Vietnamese government , and his actions are often seen as having helped spark the regime 's overthrow later that year . Others followed his example , not just in Vietnam but in the United States , too . In March 1965 , an 82-year-old woman , Alice Herz , protested the ongoing Vietnam War by setting herself on fire on a Detroit , Michigan , street corner . Norman Morrison , 31 , ignited himself eight months later outside the Pentagon , beneath the office window of Defense Secretary Robert McNamara . The following week , Roger Allen LaPorte , 22 , did the same in front of New York City 's United Nations building . In other countries , too , self-immolations have played a part in political and social movements . There was Jan Palach , a 20-year-old student who in 1969 very publicly set himself on fire in Prague , Czechoslovakia , protesting Czech apathy five months after the Soviet occupation . Homa Darabi , a 54-year-old woman , did it in Iran in 1994 to demonstrate for women 's rights after the Islamic Revolution . And a group of five burned together in 2001 at Tiananmen Square in Beijing , China , though three survived and the motivations are a matter of debate . See more images of provocative political protests People have reportedly self-immolated in response to Communist regimes in Romania and Hungary , taxes in Sweden , the kidnapping of children by Chilean police . It 's been done in Italy to protest the Catholic church 's condemnation of homosexuality , in India to protest a film screening , and in the United Kingdom after an asylum claim was rejected . The list of locations , and reasons , goes on . But beyond political or social motivations , can faith inspire someone to burn themselves alive -- as it apparently did for Daodu in 527 ? Of the well-known U.S. cases , which represent a diversity of backgrounds , it 's next to impossible to say . Herz , the 82-year-old Vietnam protester , was an immigrant of Jewish descent and had reportedly spent time in an internment camp during World War II . Morrison , who died outside the Pentagon , was a Quaker . LaPorte , who protested in flames in front of the United Nations , was a former seminary student and a member of the Catholic Worker Movement In other cases , self-immolation has been more clearly linked to religious belief . Though outlawed in India for nearly two centuries , some Hindu communities practiced the ritual of sati -- in which a widowed Hindu woman would throw herself , or be thrown , on her husband 's funeral pyre . In Buddhism , the subject of self-immolation is controversial , said Robert Sharf , the chair of the Center for Buddhist Studies at the University of California , Berkeley . "  Many  Buddhist  schools strongly condemn suicide , " he said , "  but at the same time , in East Asia , self-immolation has been practiced on and off for well over a thousand years . " Like most religions , he said , the canonical literature is so vast that , if you dig deep enough , you can find teachings to fit your needs . Enter the Lotus Sutra , considered one of the most significant Buddhist scriptures in East Asia . There 's a small passage in one chapter that speaks of a Medicine King , one with great spiritual and moral wisdom . "  The Sutra tells us that as an offering to the Buddha and to display his insight that the body is not a permanent , unchanging self , he poured fragrant oil on himself and allowed himself to be burned by fire , " wrote Buddhist monk , author , teacher and peace activist Thich Nhat Hanh is his book , "  Peaceful Action , Open Heart . " "  This is a quite radical demonstration of his freedom and insight , one that was made out of a very deep love , " he wrote . And it was this part of the Lotus Sutra that Vietnamese monks and nuns pointed to when it came to self-immolation in the 1960s . But people do n't burn themselves to death "  simply because the Lotus Sutra says to do it , " emphasized UC Berkeley 's Sharf . "  While it is an extreme and contentious practice , some Buddhists regard it as the ultimate form of self-sacrifice , justified in times of social crisis to bring about political transformation . " As for the recent self-immolations in North Africa , As ` ad AbuKhalil said they are about sought-after change , not about religion . "  Western media still highly exaggerate the role and influence of Islam in political behavior and actions  and even violence by  Arabs and Muslims , " said AbuKhalil , a political science professor at California State University , Stanislaus , and a blogger for a site called The Angry Arab News Service . "  The Tunisian uprising is clearly a secular event , and the Islamists have no role whatsoever in it . Not all actions by Arabs are derived by Islamic notions and principles . " He said there 's "  no basis in Islam for self-immolations " and that the practice came from "  Asian non-Muslim societies . " What 's happening now "  reveals not an attempt to express oneself Islamically , so to speak , but to express oneself in an act that draws attention and sympathy and shows the outrage experienced by the oppressed Arab population . " Marvin , the Penn communications professor , echoed his sentiments . "  These young men represent a fairly dispossessed class , " she said . "  It 's as if they 're offering up all that they have , their bodies , on behalf of the needs of their group . " Though the intentions of those who ignite themselves can not always be known , some trends can be surmised -- especially when those who act do n't succeed in dying . CNN 's senior international correspondent Nic Robertson wrote in late November about a surge in female self-immolation cases in Herat , Afghanistan . "  They had set fire to themselves , so oppressed and desperate were they to escape abusive bad marriages , " he wrote . The number of cases "  had doubled in the past year , " a doctor told him . Some stories of self-immolations have become iconic . They , like the case of Bouazizi , seemed to galvanize others and force change . But not all do . In the United States , decades past Vietnam , at least two additional cases are thought to have been , at least in part , politically motivated , although the mental states of those who acted have been questioned . Malachi Ritscher , 52 , lit himself on fire near a downtown Chicago , Illinois , expressway in 2006 . The musician and activist was said to be protesting the war in Iraq , but he was also reportedly a recovering alcoholic who battled depression . Ten years before Ritscher set himself ablaze , a middle-aged woman did the same on Penn 's campus in front of an outdoor sculpture of the peace symbol , Marvin said . She was Kathy Change . "  She was a very tall , willowy woman who would dance , " across the campus , " Marvin said . "  She left a suicide note . And the saddest part of it was she had this idea that if she burned herself it would stop everyone in their tracks , and everyone would be good to each other . " Paul Root Wolpe , the director of Emory University 's Center of Ethics in Atlanta , Georgia , was a sociology professor at Penn at that time . In a letter he wrote to the student paper , The Daily Pennsylvanian , Wolpe -- who would later be asked to speak at Change 's memorial service -- challenged students to not simply write her off as "  deranged . " "  She was the ` Dancing Lady ' who often floated through campus waving a banner , spouting some vague references to love and political change . She was one of those characters who bring color to a college campus -- hard to ignore , but easy to dismiss -- and her final protest had the same character , " he wrote . "  Let us , for a moment , give her the respect of taking her act seriously . What is it you would sacrifice your time and effort -- if not your life -- for ? "	Self-immolations are in the news , after Tunisian 's act spawns others in Africa In the Chinese Buddhist tradition , the practice dates back more than 1,500 years Westerners woke up to it in the 1960s , after monk ignited self on Saigon street People across globe have since self-immolated , but not always to the same effect
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A U.S. company is offering a rare chance to holiday on a mega-yacht once used by a Hollywood star and her husband -- and thanks to the recession it 's actually affordable . The 100 foot Katania was chartered by Hollywood star Hilary Swank and her husband Chad Lowe . Seattle-based mega-yacht rental business CEO Expeditions usually charges around $ 100,000 a week to charter their 100 + foot yachts , however , they have introduced a deal waiving the charter fees -- so guests will only need to pay for the running of the vessel . The move to make such vessels more affordable comes as the recession continues to put pressure on the luxury holiday and mega-yacht industries . Although the costs of crew and luxury food are n't extremely cheap , it is expected this move will open up the recession-hit market to many more potential holiday-makers . One of the company 's mega-yachts , Katania -- a 100 foot vessel which Hollywood actress Hilary Swank once chartered , now costs less than $ 3000 per day . Normally it would attract an additional $ 49,500 charter fee for a week 's use . At the $ 2950 per day special rate four people can stay on the Katania -- but with the maximum six on board  $ 450 extra per person  , the cost per person is a slightly more achievable $ 642 . The price includes full crew , premium wines , gourmet food prepared by a private chef , amenities such as kayaks , hot tub , fishing/crabbing/shrimping equipment , and even a 30 ' Whaler for guest use . According to the company , Swank said of her charter holiday : "  We had an absolutely enchanted time aboard the Katania . A more beautiful yacht does not exist . " There is one small catch with the deal -- the boat is based in the San Juan islands , and any cruises to other destinations will attract an additional charge to cover fuel costs . The company 's owner , Bruce Milne , said in a statement that the deal was largely due to the impact of the recession . "  Travel is down , agents and brokers need deals , so rather than just a few full price charters , we decided to stay busy , put more people to work , and help island tourism by doing charters at cost . "  Since we started chartering 10 years ago , we have been looking for a chance to provide our ` Expeditions to the Extraordinary ' in the San Juan Islands at a price any luxury traveler can afford - this recession provides that opportunity , " he said . Tim Wiltshire , director and sales broker at international yacht company Burgess Yachts , said the charter market was n't a complete disaster , so he was surprised to see such a discount . "  I would n't have expected to see that . We are seeing discounts on average of about 25 percent . Although , some people are trying interesting gimmicks to inspire new business , " he said Wiltshire said that CEO Expedition 's fleet is n't among the biggest or most luxurious on the market , and that this deal appeared to be clever marketing stunt . He felt that other larger vessels still warranted their greater price tags .	U.S. mega-yacht charter company waives massive $ 50,000 charter fees The impact of the recession is reason given for the discounted deal A yacht chartered by Hilary Swank can now be rented for under $ 3000 a day
Washington  CNN  Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is on track to run for President in 2016 even if Jeb Bush also jumps into the race , a source close to Rubio says . The source told CNN that a Bush candidacy -- increasingly likely after the former Florida governor said in a Facebook post Tuesday that he will "  actively explore " running -- changes the dynamics of the race "  but not Marco 's thought process . " Rubio has invited supporters to a Jan. 23-24 retreat in Miami Beach , where his top aides and donors could formalize his plans for 2016 . A run for president would be a big risk for Rubio , a 43-year-old former Florida House speaker who looks like a sure bet to win a second term in the Senate in 2016 . He 's making the moves of a presidential contender . Rubio campaigned with GOP candidates in the 2014 midterm election . He has a memoir set for release in January . And he 's working with incoming House Ways and Means Chairman Paul Ryan  R-Wis .  to craft health care legislation meant to be an alternative to Obamacare . He 's also been increasingly vocal on foreign policy issues -- potentially setting up a clash with leading Republican contenders like Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who has called for less U.S. intervention overseas . Rubio , though , would share one problem with Bush : He 's championed an overhaul of U.S. immigration laws , a position that has fallen out of favor with much of the GOP base .	A source close to Sen. Marco Rubio says he is on track to run for president in 2016 This comes in the wake of mentor and former Gov. Jeb Bush saying he 's ` exploring a bid ' The source says Bush 's entrance changes the race 's dynamics ` but not Marco 's thought process '
CNN  -- Zambia lifted the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time after beating the Ivory Coast 8-7 in a dramatic penalty shootout in Sunday 's final in Libreville . Ivory Coast captain Didier Drogba missed a penalty in the second half of regulation play as the match ended scoreless after extra time . Both teams were successful with their first seven penalties of the shootout , including Drogba , until Manchester City defender Kolo Toure saw his effort saved by Zambia goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene . Rainford Kalaba then missed the chance to clinch the game for Zambia when he shot over . With the tension almost unbearable , Arsenal forward Gervinho blazed his penalty wide , and this time Zambia 's Stoppila Sunzu made no mistake to give his side an emotional victory . It was a fairytale triumph for Zambia , who returned to Gabon 19 years after the plane crash which claimed the lives of the team 's coach and 18 members of their squad . The Copper Bullets finally won Africa 's top football prize after losing in two previous finals , while the favored Elephants suffered a shootout defeat again after a similar heartbreak against Egypt in 2006 -- when Drogba also missed a penalty . Zambia 's French coach Herve Renard was overjoyed . "  This represents something enormous , something which appeared unrealizable before the competition began , " he told AFP . "  I know we 're not the best but we have a strength and force that animated our team . " But for Chelsea striker Drogba and his star-studded team it was a bitter disappointment after not conceding a goal in open play in their six matches in the tournament . Clear-cut chances were few and far between in wet conditions , but Ivorian goalkeeper Boubacar Barry had to make a brilliant early save to foil Nathan Sinkala . Drogba set up Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure for his side 's best chance of the first half , but the African player of the year fired wide . Ivory Coast 's 72nd-minute penalty came after Gervinho was pushed over , but Drogba 's effort never threatened the goal . His Zambian counterpart Christopher Katongo hit the woodwork in extra time before the drama of penalties and victory for the underdogs .	Zambia win Africa Cup of Nations in Libreville The Copper Bullets beat Ivory Coast 8-7 on penalties Match had ended goalless after normal and extra time Didier Drogba missed penalty for Ivory Coast in second half
CNN  -- Do n't feed the bears ! It 's an admonishment heard over and over again from wildlife officials . But Florida resident Mary Musselman did n't listen , officials said . And it got her arrested at age 81 . She is being held without bond , CNN affiliate WFTS reported . "  I think it is outrageous , " said Karen Tedder . She and other former students of the retired gym teacher held a gathering Thursday outside Musselman 's house in Sebring to pray for her . She must be released , they say , because her husband is dying of cancer and she 's his only caregiver . But authorities had warned her multiple times not to feed the black bears coming onto her property . She did anyway . And she fed them a lot -- up to 17 to 18 bowls of dog food at a time , wildlife officials told the affiliate . The bears loved it and kept coming back . The Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission hated it and kept coming back , too . Killing a bear Musselman 's trouble with the law began last year , when wildlife officials had to put down a bear she was feeding , they said . They went to great lengths to explain to her why she should n't give the wild animals food , said FWC spokesman Gary Morse . They brought her informational videos and pamphlets , had conversations with her . "  Feeding bears results in bears losing their fear of people , " Morse said . After they get used to living around humans and getting food from them , relocating them does not solve the problem . And when bears come too close to people , they do damage -- to property and to people , Morse said . The education they gave Musselman was all for naught . "  She told us she was n't going to stop , " Morse told the affiliate . Then , in November , they issued her an official warning . Weeks later , officers caught her feeding bears again . Out came the instructional videos once more . Still no change . The law steps in In December , Musselman was ordered to appear in court , where -- this time -- a judge told her to stop feeding the bears . That did n't work either . On Christmas Eve , she was back in court ; she left there on probation . Again , the problem persisted : More food ; more bears . A judge sent wildlife commission officers to arrest Musselman . They said she fought them and told them she 'd kill them . Now she is charged not only with feeding wildlife but also with battery against a law officer and violating her probation . Why would n't she stop ? She thought the bears would starve without her , according to the affiliate . "  She did n't want to accept that fact that they 'd be fine without her , " Morse said . "  They hibernate when there is no food . " Her former students are trying to find a mental health professional to appear with her in court . Warm winters spur black bears to halt hibernating , start eating CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report	Mary Musselman put out 17-18 bowls of dog food at a time for black bears Officials tried to educate her on why she should not do it Bears can be dangerous to humans if they lose their fear of people Officials : She received multiple warnings and still did n't comply
Stornaway , Scotland  CNN  Huge military exercises are underway off and around Britain 's coast , but NATO insists they are not a deliberate response to the Russian military 's increasingly brazen behavior . The British-led war games are code named Joint Warrior and the numbers are all big : 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft . NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary . For more than a year NATO has been condemning Russia 's actions in Ukraine as well as its frequent , large scale , snap military drills and those long-range Bear bombers repeatedly flying very close to NATO airspace . So , if Joint Warrior is not a deliberate response , it 's certainly a timely one . CNN was invited to spend a day aboard one of the vessels taking part -- the U.S. Navy 's guided missile cruiser USS Vicksburg . It 's the current flag ship of a standing NATO maritime group . Commanding officer Rear Adm. Brad Williamson says Russia 's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises . "  Anytime you have a security situation that reminds us it 's not just a game we 're doing out here , that there are real world implications to our ability to provide security to alliance members , I think that focuses our minds on what we 're doing , " Williamson says . Other personnel on the Vicksburg tell us competition between different nations and even individual ships and subs is also a big motivator . The details of these war games are top secret . But they 're broken into two parts : The set training exercises that involve vessels or groups completing specific jobs and what they call "  free play " . That 's where everyone 's divided into two teams with different orders and motivations manipulated by the game masters . Tensions rise and it 's likely pretend war follows . Easy to see how things get competitive . Russia has taken an interest . It used its right under what 's known as the Vienna document to send its own inspectors . NATO says they only stayed a few days and did n't see anything sensitive .	NATO is holding huge war games exercises off the coast of Scotland Alliance says planning started long before Russia renewed its status as the alliance 's chief adversary But commanding officer says Russia 's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises
CNN  -- Before she was taken hostage during a brazen bank robbery this month , Misty Holt-Singh worried about one thing , says a woman inside the bank with her . "  Misty was crying , " Janie Martinez told CNN affiliate KOVR . "  She was saying her daughter was alone in the car . She said , ' I do n't want my daughter to see me coming out with you , ' and they said , ` Do n't worry , nothing is going to happen , ' and they took her anyway . " The three heavily armed men forced Holt-Singh and two female bank employees into a Ford Expedition and sped away , police in Stockton , California , said . About 50 law enforcement vehicles chased the SUV for an hour during a high-speed gunbattle . The chase ended with three deaths -- two suspects and Holt-Singh , who was used as a human shield , police said . Authorities do n't know if the police or the suspects fired the bullets that killed her . Martinez , the first victim to talk about the robbery , said she and other customers were inside the bank July 16 when the three armed men entered and demanded money . They tied up a security guard . Holt-Singh 's 12-year-old daughter was sitting in the car in the parking lot . "  They had guns , and it was happening so fast , " Martinez said . "  When they found out the police officers were there , they said we 're going to take hostages . They just grabbed Misty . " Police chased the SUV on surface streets and interstates through Lodi to Acampo , then 20 miles back to Stockton . Gunfire from a semiautomatic "  AK-47-type assault rifle " and other weapons struck 14 of the squad cars that gave chase , police said . The two bank employees either jumped or were pushed out of the SUV and will recover , police said . When the chase ended , Holt-Singh was dead , along with two suspects , ages 27 and 30 . Police said they were members of the NorteÃ ± os street gang . Police arrested Jaime Ramos , 19 , of Stockton and charged him with murder and other offenses . Authorities have offered a $ 50,000 reward for information that leads to the arrest of a fourth suspect , KOVR reported . Police said they think he dropped off the three men at Stockton 's Bank of the West Suspect in fatal Illinois bank robbery charged with firearms violation FBI nabs serial bank robbery suspect	3 armed suspects took hostages from a California bank One victim was Misty Holt-Singh , a customer She and two suspects were killed by gunfire Police say she was used as a human shield
The campaign of airstrikes against ISIS in Syria has pitted several Arab countries into action alongside the United States . Analysts say the involvement of leading Sunni Muslim nations in a fight against the Sunni extremism of ISIS is crucial . "  I think that 's very important going forward as it does show that we 've got some regional buy-in , it shows that there are Arab countries willing to put their reputations on the line , " said retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona , an Air Force veteran intelligence officer and CNN military analyst . But there are also some U.S. allies and regional powers that are conspicuous by their absence from the new phase of the conflict with ISIS . Here 's the lowdown on who 's taking part and why -- and who 's staying on the sidelines . Who 's in Saudi Arabia : The largest and most influential Gulf nation has fought with U.S. forces in previous conflicts , including Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s . ISIS ' rapid gains in Syria and Iraq have raised alarm in the oil-rich kingdom . The Saudi government has already agreed to train moderate rebel fighters on its soil , according to U.S. officials . Jordan : The Arab kingdom has experienced a lot of spillover from the unrest in Syria and Iraq . It has received large numbers of refugees across its borders with both countries . Jordan 's involvement in the airstrikes is part of its "  position on combating terrorism and protecting its security and borders , " Jordanian government spokesman Mohammed Al Momani told CNN Arabic . The country also claims to have strong intelligence resources on ISIS . United Arab Emirates : The country was previously reported to have offered to support the U.S. attacks against ISIS . It is also hosting Australian combat jets on its soil . The UAE contributed aircraft to the international coalition that intervened in Libya in 2011 . Bahrain : A key U.S. ally in the region , the island nation of Bahrain houses the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . As a regularly participant in U.S.-led coalitions , its involvement in the airstrikes is n't surprising . Qatar : The Gulf nation had already flown a number of humanitarian flights to help anti-ISIS efforts in Iraq . But its involvement in the military strikes in Syria significantly raises its commitment . Qatar has strained relations with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates over its willingness to provide refuge for members of the Muslim Brotherhood , which espouses a political Islam feared by several other governments in the region . Who 's not Turkey : A NATO member and one of the hardest-hit countries by shock waves from the Syrian civil war , Turkey 's absence from the first wave of airstrikes will raise some eyebrows . The country is absorbing vast numbers of refugees from the conflict and is seen as a major transit point for foreign fighters joining ISIS and other armed groups . Until recently , the country had one strong reason to stay out of military action against ISIS : 49 of its citizens , including senior diplomats and their families , were being held hostage by the militants . Those captives were released over the weekend . How Turkey 's role in the fight against ISIS evolves from here will be closely watched . Egypt : Another large , influential Middle Eastern nation that receives substantial U.S. military aid . Egypt is considered to have the air power to conduct strikes where it wants in the region . Cairo has denied recent assertions that it and the UAE had carried out secret airstrikes against Islamists in Libya . Iran : The Islamic Republic is a hugely influential player in both Syria and Iraq , where it supports the Shiite-led governments . ISIS ' Sunni extremism is a fierce challenge to Iran 's sway in the region , but Tehran 's long-standing tensions with Washington make any link to the coalition extremely tricky . Earlier this month , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei rejected the idea of cooperation , accusing the United States of planning to use military action against ISIS to "  dominate the region . " United Kingdom : A close ally to the U.S. in recent conflicts in the Middle East , the U.K. says it is n't involved in the airstrikes on ISIS in Syria . ISIS has already killed one British hostage this month and has threatened the life of another . Reports in the British media suggest Prime Minister David Cameron may seek parliamentary approval to participate in airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq . Cameron has previously pledged to help arm Kurdish forces fighting ISIS and continue supplying humanitarian help . France : The French military began airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq last week , using Rafale fighter jets to attack a logistics warehouse . But Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Monday that France does n't plan to expand the attacks into Syria . "  The French President has said we do not have intention to do the same in Syria , I mean by air , " he said at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York . But Paris will help "  the moderate opposition in Syria , " he said . Netherlands : The Dutch military will contribute six F-16 fighter jets and 250 troops to carry out airstrikes and train Iraqi and Kurdish forces in the fight against ISIS in Iraq , the Dutch Foreign Ministry said . The Dutch F-16s , which will be based outside of Iraq , will be used in Iraq for a period up to 12 months , the ministry said . Of the troops being deployed , 130 will be focused on training Iraqi forces , it said . Belgium : A long-standing ally of the United States and the UK , Belgium is seeking the approval of Parliament to send six fighter jets to participate in the bombing campaign against ISIS in Iraq , Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said . There is no plan to send ground troops . Maps : Arab nations join U.S. , expand fight against terror to Syria	Belgium and Netherlands will participate in strikes in Iraq , but not Syria Saudi Arabia , Jordan , the UAE , Bahrain and Qatar joined the U.S. in airstrikes But other close allies and regional powers stayed out of the fray The future role of NATO member Turkey , heavily affected by the Syrian conflict , remains unclear
CNN  -- Prison-issued toilet paper is what musician William Michael Dillon used to write down most of his songs , including "  Black Robes and Lawyers , " which has just been released on iTunes . "  I was arrested for murder on August 26 , 1981 , for a crime I did n't commit , " Dillon tells his audience as he starts strumming his guitar . "  I was released on November 18 , 2008 . Thank you to the keepers of justice . " According to Dillon , justice prevailed when he was released from prison after 27 years . He is now on the Innocence Project of Florida 's list of 13 prisoners exonerated by DNA evidence . It was Dillon 's life story and not his music that moved Grammy Award winning music producer Jim Tullio to invite Dillon to his Chicago studio to record the songs he wrote in prison . "  I was just blown away by this story , " says Tullio , who learned about Dillon 's wrongful incarceration and his dream to record an album . "  I just thought it was an injustice and I thought this guy deserves a break , " recalls Tullio , adding that he did something he never does and reached out to Dillon . "  I said whatever you bring me I am sure I can help you make it better , " Tullio remembers telling Dillon during their first conversation . Not caring if he had any real talent , Tullio arranged for Dillon to spend a couple of weeks in the studio . Tullio expected to make a CD for Dillon to play while he was riding around in his truck . "  I did this because I was compelled , " says Tullio , "  but when he came and I heard him sing I was just knocked out . " Tullio says he quickly realized that Dillon 's life story might attract an audience , but his voice would turn them into fans . During those recording sessions , the talk often turned to Dillon 's fight , not only for his freedom but also his continuing battle for compensation . It was August 17 , 1981 , when James Dvorak was found murdered on a Florida beach . The beach was in an area Dillon frequented . The police questioned Dillon about the murder and eventually investigators charged him for Dvorak 's death . The 27 years Dillon spent behind bars tested his will to survive . "  I contemplated suicide many , many times . " He says that 12 years into his life sentence , he decided to let go of the anger . It was difficult for a man who eventually learned he would be paroled in 2043 , when he would be in his 80s . While in prison at Avon Park Correctional facility , Dillon helped develop a music program . He learned to play the guitar and sang with fellow inmates in a band . Music was a main focus of Dillon 's when in 2006 a law clerk asked him if he had ever had his DNA tested . That test would be the key to his freedom . "  In Bill Dillon 's case , there was much evidence that pointed away from him having committed this crime , " says Seth Miller of the Innocence Project of Florida , the group that helped secure Dillon 's release . At the time of his release , Dillon 's time behind bars was longer than any other person exonerated in the United States , according to the Innocence Project . Dillon assumed that when he gained his freedom he would be compensated for the time he spent in prison . "  If you are releasing me from prison on DNA , for a crime I did n't commit , you should be handing me the money so I could get on with my life , " says Dillon . That did n't happen and Dillon has been relying on the kindness of others . Florida has a compensation law that pays $ 50,000 per year to those who are classified as wrongfully incarcerated . Dillon , like almost all the Innocence Project of Florida 's 13 DNA cases , does n't qualify for the money . In order to receive compensation in Florida , an exonerated person must have "  clean hands . " This means the person can not have a felony on record from before they were wrongfully imprisoned . "  When I was 19 years old I got caught with a Quaalude and a joint in my pocket with nine college kids coming from a bottle club at 4 o'clock in the morning , " says Dillon . Dillon believes that arrest cost him more than $ 1.3 million from the state . Dillon 's efforts to get a claims bill passed through the Florida Legislature have been unsuccessful . Earlier this year , Bram D.E. Canter , Florida Senate Special Master , released his final report to the Senate president . Canter noted that State Attorney Norman Wolfinger wrote a letter stating he did not think DNA testing exonerated Dillon . Canter 's final report also makes a reference to Brevard County Sheriff Deputy Thom Fair . Fair worked on the Dillon case . Now retired , the report notes that Fair continues to believe Dillon murdered Dvorak . In his conclusion , Canter notes that his burden of proof is a "  preponderance of the evidence " and recommends that Dillon be compensated for his years in prison . The report says , "  There is no physical evidence linking Dillon to the victim or the crime scene and Dillon would probably not have been found guilty with the credible evidence available to the prosecutors . " As his attorneys continue to try to get his compensation bill passed by both the Florida House and Senate , Dillon continues to make music . He dreams of having the ability to make money with his music . But Dillon says he is realistic about the odds of being able to support himself in the entertainment industry . "  I am hoping , " says Dillon . "  I would love it but I just do n't know . " What Dillon does know is that his first album is slated for release this summer and he is already thinking about what he is going to write about in his next musical endeavor . "  I want to put the soul and feeling I have into songs of everyday life , " says Dillon . "  I see the world with baby eyes . I do n't see the world like you see the world because I just started living in it . "	William Michael Dillon is free of a murder conviction after DNA evidence Grammy-winning producer helps him record songs he wrote in prison Dillon also hopes state of Florida will pay him for wrongful incarceration
CNN  -- Venezuela 's president said Monday that he is expelling three U.S. diplomats for their alleged involvement in acts of sabotage to destabilize the South American country . "  They have 48 hours to leave the country , " President Nicolas Maduro said in remarks broadcast on state-run VTV . "  Get out of Venezuela , " he said , listing several names . "  Yankee go home . Enough abuses already . " The list includes Kelly Keiderling , who is the top U.S. diplomat in Venezuela as the charge d'affaires at the U.S. Embassy in Caracas , according to the embassy 's website . "  We have seen Maduro 's televised announcement but we have not received any official notification of expulsions , " said a U.S. State Department spokesperson . "  We completely reject the Venezuelan government 's allegations of U.S. government involvement in any type of conspiracy to destabilize the Venezuela government . " Maduro accused the group of diplomats of meeting with right-wing political opponents of his government , financing their activities and encouraging them to sabotage the country 's electrical system and its economy . Earlier this month an electrical blackout left more than half of Venezuela without power . At the time , Maduro blamed the opposition for the massive power outage . The country has also been battling inflation and goods shortages . Hours before he announced former President Hugo Chavez 's death from cancer in March , Maduro said he was expelling two U.S. Embassy officials and accused them of plotting to destabilize the country . At the time , State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell denied the accusations . "  This fallacious assertion of inappropriate U.S. action leads us to conclude that , unfortunately , the current Venezuelan government is not interested an improved relationship , " he said . Several days later , the United States expelled two Venezuelan diplomats in response . Maduro 's remarks Monday are the latest in a series of accusations alleging plots to destabilize his government or assassinate him . He has made at least 11 such accusations since the beginning of his presidency , CNN en EspaÃ ± ol reported last week . Maduro canceled his plans to travel to New York and attend the U.N. General Assembly last week because of what he said were plots to physically harm him there . Venezuela : Recording of ` kidnapped ' Chavez is fake , president says CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Rafael Romo and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department denies allegations of U.S. involvement in any type of conspiracy Maduro accuses three U.S. diplomats of financing right-wing opponents , sabotage "  They have 48 hours to leave the country , " Maduro says Venezuela expelled two other U.S. Embassy officials in March
CNN  -- One week after leaving , my mom 's words still echo in my ears : "  Leave Gaza now , please . Do n't think about us . I have many things to worry about . " I entered Gaza on November 5 to help an American delegation there until the morning of November 11 . My intention was to help the delegation and then have two full days with my family after the delegates left . But with tensions ratcheting up , my family in Gaza was fearful the Rafah crossing with Egypt would be closed and I would be stuck . To leave my extended family in such dangerous circumstances and return to my husband and three children in Canada was heartrending . But now it is worse . To see American-made Israeli fighter jets pounding Gaza just days after my departure is agony . I lost the argument for an extra two days with my family the moment I said I "  planned " to spend those extra days with them . My sister-in-law , Wafa , pounced on the words : "  Nothing can be planned here . Gaza is not Canada . Everything is in the Israeli military 's hands . " She was right . The Israeli government can undo plans and dreams in an instant . Looking into my mom 's eyes , I felt cowardly to desert them . I hugged her and told her to stay safe . But deep in my heart I knew that there is no safety in Gaza . That was evident on Sunday when the Israeli military bombed the Dalou household and instantly decimated three generations of the family . Read related : Gaza 's victims too young to understand , but not to die The terrifying power of the Israeli military was already made clear at the beginning of the latest onslaught with the haunting photograph of a young BBC journalist grieving his dead infant . Israel claims to operate with pinpoint accuracy , but consistently kills a high proportion of civilians . In fact , the American delegation spoke to the grief-stricken father and mother of Ahmed Abu Daqqa , a young boy killed on November 8 while playing soccer outside his home . These Americans are important witnesses against the claim that Palestinians bear full culpability for this escalation . In fact , it was our children being killed , not the Israelis children . As I joined the American delegation for the long trip back to Cairo , I was riven with emotion . Usually , the American delegates would greet me with cheers , claps and smiles . This time there was silence , grim faces , tears and no words . Everyone was waiting to hear from me . "  I have been ordered to leave , " I said , "  and I am frustrated and angry . " I burst into tears . Will I see my family again ? I do n't know . War is unpredictable as Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Minister of Defense Ehud Barak seem to have forgotten from their safe vantage points . What is unleashed today in the new Middle East is not the same as the wars Israel unleashed in the years since 1948 . The Arab Spring means that the governments and people of the region are in much greater accord . The weak governments that looked the other way as Israel and the United States subjugated Palestinians have been replaced by governments that may yet assert Palestinian rights in ways that are not merely symbolic . West Bank Palestinians are now starting to confront the Israeli military in ways that the weak Palestinian Authority can not stop as readily as it did four years ago during Operation Cast Lead . Read related : Rockets pound Israel , Gaza as Netanyahu alleges ` double war crime ' As the situation deteriorates , it is vital to note that this war need not have occurred . A fragile truce had taken hold for 48 hours , notwithstanding Palestinian frustration over two separate incidents in the previous week when Palestinian youth were killed playing soccer . In the opinion of many Palestinians , Netanyahu planned this aggression . He wanted to be seen by the electorate as the man with the iron fist protecting Israelis in the south of Israel . Palestinians were in his way . Self-inflated analysts talk of "  mowing the grass " to rein in Hamas and other groups . But that mowing is terrifying civilians and destroying their neighborhoods . What do they think will become of the traumatized children who endure such brutal attacks from the sky and sea ? They will be no friends of Israel . No , Israel is proving once again that it has no interest in becoming part of the region . But Israel 's actions have been largely the same for 64 years . The one period of brief hope in the 1990s proved fleeting because Israel failed to stop its illegal settlement activity and made clear to Palestinians its intent was not a Palestinian state in the West Bank , Gaza , and East Jerusalem but a series of disconnected cantons . Barak has pledged continued military action against Gaza and Netanyahu has stated he hopes Hamas and others "  got the message . " There is no doubt that his message of widespread death and destruction has been widely received by all Palestinians . I doubt , however , that the message will have the intended effect . Instead , the fury of having one 's neighborhood battered by F-16s and shells will likely unite Palestinians against an outside power that has besieged Gaza since 2007 and controlled it since 1967 . The inhumane blockade -- with approximately 80 % of Palestinians reduced to receiving food aid as Israel counts our calories to allow for anemia and stunting but not outright starvation -- leads me to conclude that bleak days remain our lot . Yet there is one factor Netanyahu fails to grasp : The spirit and will of Palestinians -- from Rafah to Hebron to Jenin and the Palestinian refugee camps scattered throughout the Middle East -- to achieve our freedom and rights . We will not relinquish our legitimate rights any more than African Americans or black South Africans in the 1950s . We will be bombed and bullied by Israel and the U.S. Congress , but in the end we will still demand our rights . As long as my family walks the planet , we retain the right to one day walk back to our village of Beit Daras , a scant few miles from Gaza , and to live there with rights equal to our new neighbors . My grandmother , who is enduring this terrible onslaught , has an inalienable right , property deed in hand , to return to the village of her childhood -- as do her children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren .	Ghada Ageel 's family begged her to leave Gaza as tensions escalated "  The Israeli government can undo plans and dreams in an instant , " Ageel says To Israeli leaders : "  What do they think will become of ... children who endure such brutal attacks ? " She believes Netanyahu underestimates Palestinians ' will to achieve freedom and rights
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- A Filipino-American woman abducted in July in the Philippines was found Sunday on an island stronghold of the Islamic militant group Abu Sayyaf , police said . Gerfa Yeatts Lunsmann , 43 , was found at Suba Kampong township on the Philippine island of Basilan after her captors released her , said Bienvenido Latag of the Philippine National Police . The U.S. Embassy in Manila on Monday confirmed Lunsmann 's release in Basilan after she was held hostage by a still unidentified group of bandits . Latag did not say why Lunsmann was released , but the mayor of the town where Lunsmann was taken after she was released said she was freed following negotiations between her husband and her abductors . Mayor Cesar Lobregat , head of a Crisis Management Committee in Zamboanga City , declined to confirm whether officials paid a ransom . Fourteen gunmen snatched Lunsmann in July while she was vacationing with her family on the island of Tictabon , authorities said . The gunmen also took hostage Lunsmann 's 14-year-old son , Kevin , and her 19-year-old Filipino nephew , Romnick Jakaria , they said . Authorities said the abductors forced Lunsmann and her family to board awaiting boats , which then sped off in the direction of Basilan . It was not immediately known whether the captors are still holding Lunsmann 's son and nephew . Lunsmann was adopted by Americans when she was 9 and grew up in Virginia . She eventually married a German citizen . Both she and the son , Kevin , are U.S. passport holders . Police at the time of the abduction said they suspected the son attracted attention because of his distinctive mixed-race looks in an area with few foreign tourists . Basilan serves as a base for Abu Sayyaf , which wants to establish a separate state for the Philippines ' minority Muslim population . The U.S. State Department considers the group a terrorist organization and says it is linked to al Qaeda . The Philippines government has been fighting to contain the militants . Abu Sayyaf has been blamed for several terrorist attacks in the Philippines , including the bombing of a ferry in 2004 that left about 130 people dead , as well as past kidnappings .	Gerfa Yeatts Lunsmann was released on Basilan island Authorities are declining to confirm whether a ransom was paid for the woman 's release Lunsmann was abducted in July along with her son and her nephew Lunsmann and her son , Kevin , are U.S. passport holders
CNN  -- American energy production is skyrocketing , and pundits are promising everything from millions of jobs to energy independence . All of this could be put in jeopardy , though , if we do n't get serious about the accompanying risks and make sure that oil and gas development is done right . The United States is now the world 's largest producer of natural gas . Meanwhile U.S. oil production increased last year by over 300 million barrels -- its biggest jump since the industry began in 1859 . There 's good reason to believe that these changes have created hundreds of thousands of jobs . Meanwhile increased production of cleaner burning natural gas has helped cut U.S. greenhouse gas emissions to their lowest level in more than a decade . And while claims of looming "  energy independence " are wildly over the top , there 's no question that the oil and gas boom is making the country more secure in the world . These changes are driven by a technique known as "  fracking , " short for hydraulic fracturing , which is being used to produce oil and gas trapped in dense shale rock . Photos : Taking from the land : Oiling on Indian reservations Drillers dig down thousands of feet underground , take a sharp turn , and then bore thousands of feet further sideways . Then they pump a mix of water , sand , and chemicals into the new L-shaped well , and detonate explosives to create tiny cracks in the surrounding shale . Oil and gas flows through those cracks and eventually up to the surface where it can be collected , shipped , and sold . The practice has raised alarm in many of the communities where it 's used . People fear that their water will be contaminated by the chemicals that are used in fracking . They worry about earthquakes that have been reported near some places where disposal of water from fracking occurs . And they often bristle at how a sudden surge of workers and wealth transforms their neighborhoods overnight . These concerns have led to a moratorium on fracking in New York State , and efforts to pass similar restrictions by state and local governments elsewhere , from Colorado to Texas . People are right to insist that fracking is done safely , but they 're wrong if they conclude that it ca n't be . The key is to drill down on the biggest problems and require drillers to address them . The first risk has to do with water . The problem is n't so much what 's pumped underground -- it 's borderline impossible for fracking chemicals to seep up from thousands of feet beneath the earth and into water supplies -- but what comes back out . Opinion : The myth of energy independence When oil and gas are produced , they 're accompanied by "  flowback water " , which contains a mix of toxic chemicals found underground . If drillers cut corners and do n't dispose of that water right , it can contaminate local water supplies . Rules need to be in place -- and enforced aggressively -- to ensure that does n't happen . The second danger has to do with air . Some drillers power their operations using diesel ; others let gas seep out from their equipment . Both practices lead to local air pollution . And while the emissions from a single well might not be big , the impact of dozens of wells operating in the same area can be bad . These problems can be fixed -- diesel generators can be replaced with equipment that uses clean-burning gas , and leaks can be plugged -- but the rules need to be right . Perhaps the toughest challenge , though , is fitting fracking into communities that are n't used to intense industrial development . It 's no surprise that concerns about fracking began to really rise in 2009 , when the practice migrated from states like Texas and Louisiana , where oil and gas development is commonplace , to Pennsylvania , where oil production peaked in 1891 . If local authorities do things like make sure roads are maintained , help workers get training so that they can join the oil and gas business if they want to , and protect people on pensions who often struggle with rising living costs in boom towns , everyone can win . If they do n't , though , the intense fights that result between winners and losers from energy production can be paralyzing . Opinion : Do n't let America get ` fracked ' A lot of enthusiasts for oil and gas are hostile to new rules . They say that companies are already doing the right thing and warn that extra costs could kill the industry . It 's true that many companies are ahead of the curve when it comes to social and environmental responsibility ; some are even working actively with local and environmental groups to ensure that they pursue development right . But the dangers do n't come from the good guys -- they come from the laggards who screw things up . Reining them in ca n't be done just through voluntary steps . That makes it a relief that , while dumb regulation could indeed be crushing , smart rules would not .  By one estimate , a suite of twenty-two tough requirements , including greater disclosure of fracking fluids and tighter standards for cementing wells , would add at most 7 % to the cost of a well . The biggest risk for fracking , and to all the benefits it brings , is n't that drillers will have to spend a bit more to make sure that oil and gas production proceeds safely . It 's that they wo n't -- and that the resulting backlash when things inevitably go wrong will deal the U.S. power surge a far more severe blow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Levi .	U.S. energy production has surged , largely due to fracking for natural gas Michael Levi says energy boom increases U.S. security , boosts the economy Fracking can be done safely , but rules must be in place to regulate it , he says
CNN  -- The removal of 500px from Apple 's App Store raises questions over review equity , fairness and API functionality . When Evgeny Tchebotarev started the day , he was n't expecting to end up spending so much time fielding calls from the media . Tchebotarev is the COO and co-founder of 500px , a popular photo site and community for professional and amateur photographers . Yet that 's exactly what happened after Apple removed the 500px app from the App Store . After more than 16 months in the App Store and over 1 million downloads , a routine app update had unintended consequences . On Monday night , Tchebotarev tells Mashable that he received a call from Apple . There was a problem with 500px . Like many other apps with photo communities , including Tumblr and Flickr , some of the photographers who use 500px use it to take photographs that contain nudity â $ " not pornographic images , but nudity nonetheless . According to Tchebotarev , Apple reps told him that it was too easy for users to find nude photos using the app . As a result , the app was in violation of Apple 's content policy and would be removed from the App Store . Tchebotarev offered to make the necessary changes to the app to comply with Apple 's rules , but it was too late . As of Tuesday morning , 500px was gone from the App Store . A few hours later , TechCrunch reported on the story . Other outlets followed , including CNET , MacRumors and The Verge . Soon , the story was viral . The general reaction from both 500px employees and app users was disbelief . For one thing , 500px actually makes it difficult for new users to browse or search for nude photos . A user who signs up using the app ca n't see those types of photos ; instead , he or she must log in through their desktop , and turn off a safe-search setting . For another , 500px is hardly the only app that could potentially expose users to nude images . Web browsers â $ " including Apple 's Safari â $ " can display nude photos of all types . Plus , the aforementioned Tumblr and Flickr apps are much easier to use to track down nudes . To add insult to injury , while 500px is gone , a dozen apps that use 500px 's API and replicate the functionality of the official app are still available . Then , Apple released its own statement on the matter . It said : "  The app was removed from the App Store for featuring pornographic images and material , a clear violation of our guidelines . We also received customer complaints about possible child pornography . We 've asked the developer to put safeguards in place to prevent pornographic images and material in their app . " This statement was confusing to Tchebotarev and other 500px execs because it was the first any of them had heard about complaints regarding "  possible child pornography . " Apple never mentioned that to the company before pulling the app , Tchebotarev said . He added that 500px has made the necessary changes to its app , and re-submitted to the App Store . With any luck , the app will be back in the store very soon . Normally , this is where the news story would end . But what the 500px incident showcases , however , is that although more than four years have passed since the App Store opened , Apple 's app-review process is still occasionally hampered by incongruities and unclear policies . App Rating Fairness My initial guess was that 500px was removed for not having the correct content rating . Apple assigns content ratings to apps to give users an idea of who the app is suitable for . A rating of 4 + means that there is no objectionable content in the app ; a 9 + means there might be cartoon violence ; a 12 + means there may be infrequent or mild sexual content/nudity and mild violence ; and a 17 + means the app may contain heavy violence and mature themes . These content ratings can be arbitrary at best . Tumblr has a rating of 4 + despite the fact that it 's very easy to find hardcore pornographic images using the tag search function within the app . Third-party web browsers such as Chrome and iCab have 17 + ratings because they can be used to access any site on the Internet  assuming it does n't use Flash  . Before Monday 's incident , 500px had a content rating of 4 + . Tchebotarev told me that the copy of the app in the submission queue has a rating of 12 + . Based on feedback he 's heard from other developers , Tchebotarev 's theory is that Apple 's review team  a team that is notoriously overworked  does n't always check to ensure that apps have the proper content rating . Instead , it takes a series of complaints or a particularly conscientious review-team member to force an app to change its rating . This makes sense to me . Still , I 'm utterly unsure how Tumblr , of all apps , has managed to avoid even a 12 + rating . What About APIs ? Another issue raised with the 500px case is the role of an API within the app-review process . Apple initially said it was going to pull Pulpfingers ' ISO500 app from the App Store . 500px acquired Pulpfingers  and ISO500 , by extension  last month . As of this writing , ISO500 is still in the App Store , and does n't appear to have been pulled . It was n't clear why ISO500 was going to be removed , but some pundits worried that it was because the app uses 500px 's API . The API allows read-access to the site and search , including , presumably , access to nude photos . This opens up an interesting question when it comes to third-party apps that use 500px 's API , such as Flipboard . Flipboard can do virtually everything the official 500px and the ISO500 apps can do  at least , as far as displaying content  , so would it be at risk ? Right now , that seems unlikely , but it does raise some interesting questions that few of us have considered over the years : Is an app that plugs into another app 's API going to be rated based on the functionality of that API ? It 's unclear . Waiting For a Resolution At the time of this writing , 500px is still missing from the App Store . While I fully expect the app to appear within the next day or two , I ca n't help but feel empathy for the startup caught in the middle of this . What do you think of the latest App Store hijinx ? Let us know in the comments below . This post represents the opinions of the author and not necessarily those of Mashable as a publication . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple banned photo app that it says delivers porn 500px is a photo-sharing app that features all kinds of images Officer says porn is not allowed on the app 500px has resubmitted the app , hopes to be reinstated
New York  CNN  -- Subway passengers who were stranded on Coney Island , New York , because of the overnight snowstorm refused to get off of a train because they had no other way to stay warm , riders said Thursday . The passengers stayed in a "  sweeper " train , which was supposed to clear tracks and make sure no passengers or trains were stuck between stations , the Metropolitan Transportation Authority  MTA  said . MTA employees tried to get them off the N Train at the Coney Island terminal , a passenger said . "  I said , ' I have no where to go , I 'm not leaving , ' " passenger Eva Mahoney told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  There 's no way I 'm gon na get home because I remember the -LSB- December -RSB- blizzard . " Many of the passengers slept or just waited for a few hours until they could catch a train around 6 a.m. , she said . "  If this train is the sweeper train , put us in the one next to it , " Mahoney said . The drama began when the riders left Manhattan for Brooklyn , NY1 reported . They were told to get off and take the train to Coney Island . When they arrived there was no bus service , passengers said . That 's when they decided to stay on the sweeper train . MTA spokesman Kevin Ortiz said that , based on December 's storm , the agency "  implemented new strategies last night to ensure the safety of passengers and facilitate a quick return to service this morning . " MTA acted to shut down service so as not to strand passengers , he said in a statement . "  In the case of the N Train , we were able to safely park the train at its Coney Island terminal as planned . " The agency could have done a better job communicating with customers "  on the need to dispatch one of the trains as a nonpassenger sweeper train to clear tracks , and making them comfortable in the terminal until service was restored , " he said . The major snowstorm that pelted much of the Northeast tapered off Thursday , but many schools , government offices and some airport runways were expected to remain closed , officials said . Storms that stretched from the southern Appalachian Mountains to coastal Massachusetts are the latest in a slew of wintry weather that continues to blanket much of the region . Even though the storm lasted a single day , it caused major problems in some areas , posting record snowfall numbers across the region , according to the National Weather Service . In New York 's Central Park , 19 inches of snow fell overnight into Thursday , beating a single day record set in 1925 , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters . "  Keep an eye on your neighbors , " he said , warning New Yorkers to check on elderly residents in neighborhoods across the city . Forecasters said Newark , New Jersey , reached 19 inches of snow , while Philadelphia totaled 15 inches . Philadelphia Mayor Michael A. Nutter lifted the city 's snow emergency Thursday evening . Bus systems in Philadelphia were running at 10 percent , said mayoral spokeswoman Katie Martin , having been shut down during overnight hours in expectation of the heavy snow fall . Federal employees and most schools in Washington ended business early Wednesday . Public schools and most government offices stayed closed Thursday , officials said . At Philadelphia International Airport , 173 flights were canceled for Thursday as of about 8 a.m. , officials said . About 1,500 passengers were stranded at the airport overnight . At Boston Logan International airport , about 200 flights were canceled Thursday beginning at 6 a.m. , officials said . Amtrak suspended service from New York to Boston and from New Haven to Springfield on Thursday , and reduced its service between New York and Albany , the train service said Runways were closed at Reagan National Airport and Dulles International Airport in the Washington suburbs on Wednesday evening , said Rob Yingling , spokesman for Metro Washington Airports Authority . "  The intense snow has really been going since late afternoon , and it was n't too long after that that aircraft activity trailed off dramatically and then subsequently the snow got so heavy that we had to close the runways while we continued plowing them with our snow team , " Yingling said . But by Thursday afternoon , Dulles airport had reopened a single runway while officials at Reagan National Airport reported they had reopened runways . Also in New York , the city 's transit bus service remained suspended in the Bronx , while officials said service is being evaluated and restored on a route by route basis in Queens , Brooklyn , Staten Island and Manhattan , the Metropolitan Transit Authority said Thursday . CNN 's Rick Vincent and Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	NEW : Subway passengers commandeered train to stay warm In NYC 's Central Park , 19 inches of snowfall beat a single-day record set in 1925 Forecasters said Newark reached 19 inches of snow while Philadelphia totaled 15 inches Some flights are canceled in Philadelphia , Boston
CNN  -- It 's an early Christmas for Madonna fans . The singer did n't plan on releasing her new album "  Rebel Heart " anytime soon , but that all changed after unfinished versions of her newest songs found their way on the Internet . Early mixes from the Queen of Pop 's 13th album had been leaked , and longtime manager Guy Oseary asked the public to help find those responsible . Madonna fired back by officially releasing six new tracks Saturday morning , which are now up for sale on iTunes . In a tweet , the singer wrote , "  Happy early X-Mas ! " and linked to where people go could to purchase her new songs . The tracks available immediately for download include "  Living for Love , " an upbeat anthem , "  Devil Pray , " a haunting composition , "  Ghosttown , " an emotional mantra , "  Illuminati , " an electronic orchestra of melodies , as well as two other songs . Madonna took to Instagram this past week , thanking fans for not listening to the tracks floating around online . "  Thank you for not listening ! Thank you for your loyalty ! Thank you for waiting and if you have heard please know they are unfinished demos stolen long ago and not ready to be presented to the world , " she wrote in her post . Earlier this month , the singer posted a photo of her smashed iPod on Instagram after discovering the leak of her track "  Rebel Heart . " In her post she wrote , "  This broken ipod is a symbol of my broken heart ! That my music has been stolen and leaked ! I have been violated as a human and an artist ! " Leaks have tormented Madonna in the past . In 2003 , the singer 's website was defaced and every song off her "  American Life " album was leaked online . Rolling Stone reported that Madonna had wanted her newest single , "  Living for Love , " to be released on Valentine 's Day , with the rest of the album coming out in spring .	Demos from Madonna 's newest album were leaked online Madonna responded by officially releasing six songs on iTunes The singer has been plagued by leaks in the past
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Hong Kong police said they had arrested two men in connection with an acid attack that injured six people last month . The pair -- ages 18 and 23 -- were taken into custody on Wednesday for questioning in the attack , which involved corrosive fluid being thrown from a building in the Causeway Bay shopping area . A man and five women were injured in the attack , according to police . By Thursday , the younger man was released on bail , while the other was still detained , said Michael Kwan , information officer for the Hong Kong police . Authorities did not say whether the two were being investigated in other similar attacks in Hong Kong , and it was not clear whether the attacks involved a group , individuals or copycats . Police are offering rewards totaling HKD $ 1.7 million  $ 219,000  for information leading to arrests in recent acid attacks in five areas of Hong Kong , including the shopping district of Mong Kok . Hong Kong Security Secretary Ambrose Lee on Wednesday said that if an object is dropped from a building and injures someone in public , the culprit could face six months in jail and a HK $ 10,000  $ 1,300  fine . The throwing of corrosive fluid or manslaughter could result in life imprisonment , he added .	Two men arrested in connection with Hong Kong acid attack last month Man and five women were injured in the attack in bustling shopping area Younger of the two arrested was released on bail
Nobody "  likes " a loser . If losing the presidential election was n't enough , Mitt Romney has been hemorrhaging Facebook friends . People began unliking Romney 's official Facebook page soon after the election results came in last week . The Washington Post noticed the drop on Friday , when the GOP presidential candidate 's page was losing 593 likes an hour . By Saturday , Mashable said the exodus was up to 847 friends an hour , and as of Monday morning , Romney 's Facebook page continued to lose around 11 likes every minute . For those who enjoy interactive graphics with their schadenfreude , the site DisappearingRomney.com shows Romney 's Facebook likes dropping in real time . A ticker at the bottom of the page tallies how many people have unliked Romney 's page just in the time users have been on the site . Not that Romney is hurting for social media pals . As of Monday afternoon , he still had more than 12 million Facebook fans and 1.7 million followers on Twitter . The former governor 's team has n't been doing much on social media lately to persuade people to stick around . After a flurry of activity leading up to the election , his official Facebook and Twitter accounts went silent for four days afterward . On Saturday , the campaign finally posted a photo of a sad-looking Romney with the message , "  From the bottom of our hearts , Ann and I thank you for your support , prayers , efforts and vote . We are forever grateful to every one of you . " By contrast , President Barack Obama acknowledged his victory last week with a pair of posts on Twitter and Facebook that quickly went viral . And his social media accounts have been active in the week since the election . Romney 's recent silence extends to his running mate , U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , whose campaign 's Twitter account has not been updated since the election . However , Ryan did update his personal  pre-campaign  Twitter and Facebook pages with two Veterans Day posts over the weekend . The official Republican National Committee 's Facebook page has also been quiet since Election Day , when it reposted a thank you to Romney from GOP Chairman Reince Priebus . After Obama was first elected four years ago , his official Twitter , Facebook and , yes , MySpace pages  it was 2008 , after all  went quiet for a time . One explanation is that the staffers who manage these accounts either move on or are typically given new responsibilities after an election . It 's unlikely that Obama or Romney were posting to Facebook and Twitter very often themselves .	Mitt Romney 's official Facebook page has been losing 11 fans a minute The campaign has been mostly silent on social media platforms since Tuesday A website , DisappearingRomney , tracks his declining number of Facebook likes
CNN  -- On the cover of their new book , "  You Have No Idea : A Famous Daughter , Her No-Nonsense Mother , and How They Survived Pageants , Hollywood , Love , Loss  And Each Other  , " singer/actress Vanessa Williams and her mother , Helen , radiate an empowered sophistication . Their pose eschews the clichÃ © embrace . Instead they strike a stance of support -- mother and daughter side by side , arms hooked . The book intertwines their two stories , how each has struggled on her own and how the complicated relationship that binds them still supplies a safety net . From public scandal -- she stepped down as the first black Miss America after nude photos of her appeared in Penthouse magazine -- to Broadway triumph , Williams has been on the celebrity radar for decades . Through it all , her mother has been a touchstone of humor and support in good times and bad . CNN sat down with both women to discuss their book , their parenting revelations and their memories from a lifetime in the spotlight . The following is an edited transcript of the conversation . CNN : How has your relationship evolved over time ? Helen : Well , as Vanessa has grown into womanhood and become a mother , it 's a more adult-to-adult relationship now , rather than the domineering mom , as they tend to think I was , to a more relaxed relationship but understanding that I 'm still a mother in the relationship . Vanessa : As a mother now of four children , I can see her much more wholly as a woman , a mother , someone who has had a past and someone whose past has influenced her choices as well as mine . The wiser you get , the more experience you have , and the more you see people for who they are as human beings , as opposed to figures you have to fight against . I think I am much more conscious of back story , temperament and even going through perimenopause and how it can affect your mood , attitude and relations and how you deal with people . There are a lot of things that you do n't realize that your parents are going through when you 're a kid . CNN : How did you ` survive ' all of that together ? Helen :  Her father and I  were the support that we felt she needed to survive some of the things that she had to deal with that were not always the positive things . And we were also the supporters when something really exciting happened , like when she had her first Broadway show . Vanessa : And it 's never-ending , especially in this business . You 're always going to have people that are naysayers , that do n't believe in your talent , that do n't believe that you have any kind of longevity . I am happy to be able to look back -- because the book is called "  You Have No Idea , " and every time there has been a major triumph in my career , nobody ever expected it . On Broadway : "  I did n't know she could sing and dance . " A No. 1 hit on the radio : "  I had no idea that she could be a recording artist . " With "  Ugly Betty " and three Emmy nominations : "  I had no idea she was funny . " It is always redefining who you are and raging against the machine . CNN : What do you think mothers and daughters will take away from this book ? Vanessa : I hope that they see that it 's not all peaches and cream . Even when we shot the cover -- they had shown me the cover of Ellen Degeneres ' book with her mom , and it was warm , loving and toasty , and they are embracing each other . And I said , "  That 's not us ! " In the back of the book , you see me crowning her , because she is the real queen in our family . And so there is a sense of humor , which is part of our dynamic , and that 's how we get through lots of things in our life . Helen : What I hope they take away is it 's an honest story of two experiences , two different people with two different personalities , and how we were able to respect our roles as a mother and daughter and tell the story that worked for us with support , love , caring and being there for your child . CNN : What did you want for Vanessa ? Helen : We wanted her to be whatever she chose to be as her life goal . To support her , doing whatever we could to make it happen . To be a happy , successful person . Vanessa : I also think , had I not been talented in the arts and I still wanted to be in it , they would have said "  Why do n't you do something else ? " Luckily they saw my talent and my interest in it and they gave me all the gifts to allow me to take dance class , piano and French horn and be in theater and major in musical theater in college , rather than saying , "  Why do n't you do something normal ? " or "  Get a real job . " I never heard that . CNN : As a mother now , do you hear yourself saying things that sound like your mother ? Vanessa : When I heard it loud and clear was when I was on location shooting a show called "  Who Do You Think You Are . " I was on the phone with my 11-year-old daughter . She started with violin , played piano and percussion , then she wanted to switch to the trumpet , and then wanted to drop it altogether . I remember saying , "  We do n't drop our instruments in this family . Everyone takes an instrument until they graduate , and that 's what we do as a family , so you 've got to figure out if it 's violin or trumpet or something else . And I do n't ever want to hear the music teacher telling me you 're not showing up again . " And that 's when I knew , I am the same parent , I have heard this before . CNN : How would each of you describe that relationship between mother and daughter ? Vanessa : I am lucky to have three daughters who are completely different . I look at my daughters and I have different relationships with all three and there are parts of each personality that are very special . I rely on them for their particular qualities , but I feel happy that I have three completely different opportunities to make my mommy-daughter relationship different . Helen : And mine was such trial and error before Vanessa was born . I had no skills in diaper changing or feeding or any of the things that you 're required to do as a mother . I enjoyed having a girl -- the mother-daughter shopping , dressing up and doing those things together . There 'll be difficult times , especially when girls start growing up , and it 's not easy , but you get through it . You just have to be patient and give them their space and recognize who they are . CNN : Is there a moment between you two that stands out as unforgettable ? Helen : For me , it was when Vanessa had performed "  Kiss of the Spider Woman " on Broadway , because we knew that was one of the things that she wanted to do her entire life . Her high school picture said "  I 'll see you on Broadway . " It was something that she 'd worked very hard toward . She had some people that did not want her to be on Broadway , and she persisted . Vanessa : I think one of my mother-daughter memories was at the first state dinner that I attended , when President Reagan invited me to the White House that October as Miss America , and my mother said , "  Whatever you do , get the president to sign the menu ! " I ended up sitting at his table and trying to think , how am I going to get through this dinner with the president and get him to sign my menu ? I listened to him talk about his life in Hollywood and towards the end , I said "  Can you please sign this menu for my mother ? She will kill me otherwise . " And he very politely did it , and she still has it . The things that you do for your mother ! Helen : But they 're important things .	Vanessa Williams and her mother , Helen , have a new book out for Mother 's Day It details their complex relationship and how they survived scandal and success While they 're very different people , Vanessa takes some of her parenting traits from Helen
CNN  -- My marriage ended in 1995 after 23 years . My two daughters were adults . I knew I would be required to pay alimony , split the assets and provide health insurance for a reasonable period of time . But a marriage that had been difficult for many years was finally over , or so I thought . I did n't know I was about to enter the twilight zone of alimony-without-end in Massachusetts . The trial took three days , and a judgment took 10 months . My legal bills were nearly $ 150,000 . I was ordered to pay $ 865 a week -- forever . After 9/11 , my business suffered , as many did , and I could not afford the payments . I racked up credit card debt that terrified me . I had to file for bankruptcy . When I went to court to modify the alimony payment , the judge recused herself from the case , saying her husband had once played cards with the bankruptcy trustee , and I would have to start over . Something was very wrong , and I had to fix it . I launched a website , MassAlimonyReform.org , and with my current wife , Jeanie , and several couples in similar situations , began what became the alimony reform movement . At that time , I did n't know it was common for ex-wives to go back to court when a former spouse got married and get an increase in alimony if the new wife added income to the marriage . I also discovered that the lower-earning spouse needed to be supported to the standard of the lifestyle of the marriage -- and that judges could not put an end date to alimony , even for short-term marriages . All alimony was for life . Payers did not have the right to retire . Jeanie , who was divorced in New York after a 23-year marriage , was told she would get only three years of maintenance . While married to me in Massachusetts , she was forced to contribute income to supplement my payments to my ex-wife , or I would go to jail . She took on a second job . Despite scant media attention , our organization began to grow . Horror stories like mine were coming in daily , and people from all over the country began to join MAR. . A major turning point came when The Boston Globe ran an article that described Massachusetts ' alimony law . That day , many women about to marry men who paid alimony called to say they were canceling their weddings . The Second Wives Club , headed by Deb Scanlan , was born . Massachusetts Rep. Steven Walsh advised me that legislators only acted during "  trouble in their village . " We spent many months teaching those villagers who were suffering under the law how to persuade legislators to support the cause . In 2009 , after several attempts to pass reform , the Massachusetts judiciary chairmen created the Alimony Reform Task Force . Members included the Mass Bar , Boston Bar , Women 's Bar , American Association of Matrimonial Lawyerse , the chief justice of probate and me , the only nonlawyer . I provided descriptions of the problems and the lawyers provided the solutions . The chairs of the task force , Sen. Gail Candaras and Rep. John Fernandes , approved the bill , and it was passed unanimously in the House and Senate . It was signed by Gov. Deval Patrick on September 26 , 2011 , and went into effect on March 1 . Click here for the opposite view : Why the new law is bad for women The new law provides guidelines and structure , consistency and predictability . It provides reasonable terms of alimony to help lower-earning former spouses adjust and return to the job market or live on their alimony , marital assets , Social Security and pensions from the marriage . It suspends , reduces or terminates alimony if a recipient spouse is co-habitating . Payers ' alimony obligation ends when they reach full retirement age , as defined by the Social Security Act . This allows a payer and payee to plan for retirement because they know ahead of time that it will end . There are guidelines for how long alimony must be paid based on the length of the marriage . Since the law was signed , I have had calls about payers ' ex-spouses getting married . Long-time alimony payers are finally free . Receiving spouses are going back to work . What was once an entitlement is now based on need and ability to pay . Judges have guidance they have been asking for and are happy to have . Attorneys can solve cases that went on forever , and Massachusetts residents are no longer afraid to get married for fear of unending litigation in case the marriage fails . No matter where you live in Massachusetts , the result will be the same . The mission I began is now spreading to many states all over the country . I have been consulting with divorce reform activists in Florida , Colorado , Oregon , Connecticut , New Jersey , Virginia and South Carolina . People need to be self-supporting after a term of alimony and not rely an ex-spouse . Alimony is support payment from a spouse , who has the ability to pay , to a spouse in need , for a reasonable length of time . That needs to be the rule , not the exception . In Massachusetts , it is the law . Now it is the duty of legislators in other states to listen to victims of ruinous alimony laws and do the same . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Hitner .	Steve Hitner worked to reform state alimony law after he went bankrupt trying to pay He remarried and some of his second wife 's income went to Hitner 's alimony payments Hitner : New law has guidelines and sets reasonable length of time for payments He says many states are considering new laws that do n't financially ruin the payer
CNN  -- English football 's battle to eradicate racism suffered another blow on Thursday as police launched an investigation into allegations that a Chelsea supporter made a racist gesture towards a Manchester United player . A photo of the fan making a "  monkey " action , which appeared to be targeted at United 's Danny Welbeck during a League Cup match that Chelsea won 5-4 , was published in a British newspaper Thursday Chelsea has launched its own investigation into the matter and has already promised to assist the police in any way possible . A statement from the Metropolitan Police read : "  Today , Thursday , November 1 , police have received a complaint regarding alleged racist behavior at Stamford Bridge last night , Wednesday , October 31 . "  An investigation has been launched . There have been no arrests and enquiries continue . " The incident follows Chelsea 's claim that a referee made racial comments to one of the club 's players during Sunday 's 3-2 home defeat by United -- a controversial match in which the Premier League-leading team had two men sent off . Chelsea lodge Clattenburg complaint On Wednesday , Chelsea confirmed it had lodged a formal complaint with the Football Association after alleging that official Mark Clattenburg had used "  inappropriate language towards John Obi Mikel . Now the club has stated that it will take "  the strongest possible action " against the supporter involved in Wednesday 's incident . "  Chelsea Football Club can confirm we are investigating an incident involving a member of the crowd at last night 's game against Manchester United , " a spokesman said . "  The club will be examining all available footage and asks anyone who can identify the individual to contact the club . "  Chelsea FC is committed to removing all forms of discrimination and if we have sufficient evidence we will take the strongest possible action , including supporting criminal prosecution . " Police to investigate ` racist ' referee in Chelsea case Chelsea banned a supporter for life in March after finding them guilty of racially abusing the club 's former striker Didier Drogba . Club captain John Terry is currently serving a four-match domestic suspension after the FA found him guilty of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand despite the former England international having been earlier cleared in court .	Police launch investigation into allegations of "  racist gesture " by Chelsea supporter Supporter photographed in British national newspaper making alleged gesture Manchester United striker Danny Welbeck appeared to be the target of alleged abuse Chelsea promise to "  take the strongest possible action , including criminal prosecution "
CNN  Russian President Vladimir Putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of Western sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast annual Q&A session . "  Sanctions are sanctions , " he said . "  As far as sanctions are concerned ...  they 're  about the need to constrain our development , " not just about Ukraine and Crimea . Western sanctions were implemented after Moscow annexed Crimea and pro-Russian separatists battled Ukrainian government forces in the nation 's east . Putin predicted the sanctions would not end soon . On the Middle East , the Russian leader defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran . "  We need to encourage our Iranian partners , " Putin said , referring to a preliminary deal to limit Iran 's nuclear program . Sanctions against Iran have had a dramatic impact on the nation 's economy . On Israeli and Western fears that such a system would embolden Iran , Putin scoffed . "  Iran is not a threat to Israel at all , " he said . "  It is a defense weapon . " Putin 's annual exercise is fascinating for ordinary Russians , who normally get him in closely managed doses on state-run television . These sessions are live and can go on and on . Last year , he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes . In 2013 , it was a record-setting four hours and 47 minutes . Organizers said public interest was especially strong this year , with 2.4 million questions submitted . Of course , critics of the Kremlin slam the entire event as Russia 's imitation of democracy in action . It 's hard to imagine a truly critical question , they say , getting aired on national television there . In fact , it 's best not to look at this event as an opportunity for Russians to question their leader at all . Instead , it is more like a highly produced , highly choreographed chance for their leader to speak to them , and to the world . Last year , there was a "  surprise " appearance by NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden , who was granted asylum in Russia . He addressed Putin by video link , quizzing Putin about Moscow 's own surveillance practices .	Putin has spent hours fielding questions from the general public on live television Sanctions and Russia 's deep economic crisis are a major theme
CNN  -- Varsha Vinod 's exceptional abilities are hard to spot at first . She 's an adorably cute 5-year-old girl from southern India , small , pretty with big brown eyes . To gain her black belt , Varsha had to learn up to 15 karate moves . When we meet for our interview , her hair is tied up in two pigtails , with bright hair clips and a glittering headband . She is as shy as most kids her age would be when confronted by a strange man and a television crew . Some child stars can be precocious but Varsha does n't act like one . In fact , it would have been impossible to imagine her as a karate black belt if it was n't for her white martial arts outfit and her actual black belt . Like many young girls she would love to be a dancer and she smiles when I tell her that we are doing the interview in a dance studio . It 's got varnished wooden floors and ceiling-high mirrors . The venue was chosen because it looks a bit like a dojo , or martial arts school . I 'm not sure Varsha understands what a dance studio is and it 's hard to discover her thoughts on many things . She only speaks a few words of English and , even when we use an interpreter , she has to be prompted by her father before whispering short , quiet responses to my questions . At first I was concerned her dad was feeding her the answers rather than helping her say what she really thinks . However , it soon becomes clear that this is a healthy father-daughter relationship instead of a case of "  pushy parents . " Vishwas Vinod can be stern with his daughter but she clearly worships him , hanging on his every word and happy to follow his instructions . When the pair practice karate together their movements are surprisingly well synchronized despite the huge difference in size . Varsha 's father is her inspiration . He was India 's karate champion for four successive years from 1999 to 2002 . His daughter started watching him teach the sport and , at the age of 2 , she asked to try . Vinod insists it was Varsha 's idea not his . Initially , he only gave her some small training and stretching exercises but Dad soon realized that his daughter possessed what he describes as a God-given talent . Vinod says what Varsha has done in 3 1/2 years takes most people eight years to learn . To gain her black belt , Varsha had to learn up to 15 katas . A kata is a sequence of complicated karate moves . Varsha can punch , kick and wield different weapons : the Chinese stick , which is almost as big as she is , and a nunchaku , two short sticks connected by a metal chain . There is no doubt that Varsha 's abilities are impressive . You only have to enter the phrase "  nunchaku accidents " into YouTube to see how easily things can go wrong . However , she is no freak of nature . Her karate is a feat of memory and technique more than agility and power . To be frank , she could n't beat me up -- although I was obviously far too proud to find out by taking her on in a sparring session . Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but says she still has time for other games . As well as her dancing , she likes to play football and badminton . She tells me that her friends have all started taking up karate after seeing how good she has become . Unlike her friends , Varsha 's gift has given her the chance to see London . She was invited to England by a PR company to promote a new video game . Her trip appears to have been handled carefully , with as much time set aside for sightseeing as media work . The day after we filmed with Varsha she was due to go on the London Eye and was very excited about it . Varsha says she would like to continue her karate in the years ahead . She is a black belt first dan , or grade , and there are 10 grades in total . She is already a mini master but if she makes it to second dan she can start teaching -- just like her father .	She 's an adorably cute 5-year-old girl from southern India , small and pretty She is as shy as most kids her own age especially when being interviewed To gain her black belt , Varsha had to learn up to 15 katas Varsha trains for at least two hours every day but has time for other games
CNN  A big hole in the ground discovered near a venue for the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto has stumped authorities looking into it . The mysterious tunnel measured more than 6 feet in height , nearly 3 feet in width and about 33 feet in length , Toronto Police Deputy Chief Mark Saunders told reporters Tuesday . Plywood walls were reinforced with wooden supports . The tunnel was 10 feet underground , with a ladder leading down to the chamber . A rosary with a Remembrance Day poppy hung from a nail on the wall . Remembrance Day honors Canadian veterans who died in combat . "  What does that tell you ? " a reporter asked the deputy chief . "  That tells me that this was nailed inside the tunnel on the wall , " Saunders deadpanned as the room erupted with laughter . Nothing so far suggests criminal activity or terrorist intent , Saunders said . "  I was n't overly concerned that ` Oh my goodness this is going to be something horrific , ' " said Saunders , a 31-year veteran overseeing security of the world 's third largest international multi-sport games . "  We 've got steps and measures in place " to deal with these kinds of threats , said Saunders . "  If someone is going to be nefarious in this type of way , we 'll be on top of it . " The discovery of the tunnel -- which was made by a conservation officer last month , but disclosed Tuesday -- comes amid heightened concerns about terrorism in Canada and beyond . In October , a soldier was shot and killed as he stood guard at Canada 's National War Memorial in Ottawa . Officials said the gunman had connections to jihadists who shared a radical Islamist ideology . Two days before the Ottawa attack , another Canadian soldier in Quebec was run over and killed by man whom the Royal Canadian Mounted Police described as "  radicalized . " Saunders said the tunnel found about 82 feet west of a fence that separated a densely wooded area from tennis courts at Rexall Centre , a tennis and entertainment complex on the grounds of York University . "  There is nothing right now that suggest that this is criminal , " he said . "  We 're trying to find and establish right now who built it , why they built it and what were their intentions . " "  There is no criminal offense for digging a hole . " Authorities are seeking information from the public about any suspicious activity in the area . The tunnel was equipped with electricity supplied by a generator , a sump pump to remove water and a pulley system to remove dirt , Saunders said . It likely took more than one person to dig it out by hand . Ice that formed at the end of a hose attached to the sump pump indicates that the tunnel may have been used this winter . "  This was built with a considerable amount of sophistication , " Saunders said . "  The individuals responsible for building it clearly had some expertise in structural integrity . " Police also found a gas can , food and beverage containers , work gloves , a wheel barrow and moisture-resistant light bulbs in the tunnel , which has been filled in . Its entrance was concealed by dirt over a wood lid . "  We do n't know whether someone is building one somewhere else , " Saunders said . "  I 'm open to anything right now . " The Pan American Games , which take place from July 10 to July 26 , involve nearly 7,000 athletes from Latin America , South America , the Caribbean and North America . It is the third largest international sports competition after the Olympic Summer Games and the Asian Games . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this story .	An elaborate tunnel was discovered near Pan Am Games venue in Toronto Nothing so far suggests criminal activity or terrorist intent , police say Police Deputy Chief Mark Saunders : "  There is no criminal offense for digging a hole "
New York  CNN  -- Investigators found a sleeping-aid drug in Kerry Kennedy 's blood after a recent car accident , according to court documents . The final toxicology results show no alcohol and no drugs other than zolpidem , the generic name for Ambien . "  Moments after the accident occurred , I told police that it was possible that I may have inadvertently taken a sleep aid instead of my daily thyroid medication , " Kennedy said in a statement released Wednesday . Police found Kennedy , 52 , daughter of the late Robert F. Kennedy and ex-wife of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , behind the wheel of her damaged Lexus SUV on the morning of July 13 . Kerry Kennedy charged in hit-and-run crash A New York State Police press release said the SUV collided with a tractor-trailer . At a court hearing on July 17 in North Castle , New York , Kennedy pleaded not guilty to charges of driving while impaired . At a news conference after her court appearance , Kennedy said a partial seizure was the cause of the accident -- a seizure she said might have been from a previous injury she suffered on the right side of her brain . The judge released her under her own recognizance . She submitted to both blood and urine tests after the accident . Kennedy said she visited Mount Sinai Medical Center , where she underwent "  a full battery of neurological testing " to understand her medical condition . Lucian Chalfen , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office in Westchester , declined to comment Wednesday , citing a pending case . In her statement , Kennedy said , "  I am deeply sorry to all those I endangered that day , and am enormously grateful for the support I have received over the past two weeks . " According to the clerk for North Castle Justice Court , Kennedy 's case is adjourned until August 14 . Kennedy says seizure caused crash CNN 's Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	Kerry Kennedy was involved in a crash early in the morning of July 13 She told police at the scene that she might have taken a sleeping aid She has pleaded not guilty to charges of driving while impaired
CNN  -- Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa will face an investigation into whether his presidential campaign received money from Colombian leftist guerrillas , Ecuador 's attorney general 's office said . The investigation was initiated based on a report by the London-based International Institute for Strategic Studies . This month the organization released a book-length dossier that examines in detail the relationship between Venezuela , Ecuador and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia guerrilla group -- commonly known as the FARC . The institute spent two years researching 30 years ' worth of strategic documents and recent e-mails belonging to FARC leader Luis Edgar Devía Silva , whose nom de guerre was Raul Reyes . He was killed in a 2008 raid , leaving behind the digital records . In 2006 , FARC contributed about $ 400,000 to Correa 's campaign -- with $ 100,000 apparently directly from the rebel group and $ 300,000 more from its allies , the report alleged . Nigel Inkster , director of the institute , told CNN that those allies were drug traffickers . "  Correa almost certainly approved the use of these funds in his campaign , but this did not translate into a policy of state support for the insurgents during the brief period between Correa 's inauguration and Reyes 's death , " the study said . "  Although the death of Reyes provoked a serious breach in relations between Colombia and Ecuador -- ironically a key FARC strategic objective -- it also interrupted FARC 's burgeoning relationship with Quito  the Ecuadorian capital  . There is no evidence that the relationship has since prospered . " Correa 's current and former ministers have said that there is no truth to the allegations made in the report .	President Rafael Correa denies receiving any money from the FARC A report states that his campaign received $ 400,000 Ecuador 's attorney general announces an investigation
CNN  -- A 54-year-old Michigan tree trimmer -- beaten nearly to death after going to the aid of a child he accidentally struck with his vehicle -- is home after spending more than six weeks in a hospital and rehabilitation center . The "  Help Steven Utash " Facebook page posted the news Saturday night . Cheryl Angelelli , a spokeswoman for DMC Rehabilitation Institute of Michigan , confirmed Utash was discharged on Thursday . Steven Utash was set upon by about a dozen people April 4 after his truck struck a 10-year-old boy , police said . After Utash stopped his vehicle to help the boy , he was "  severely beaten " with "  fists and feet , " Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a statement . Jennifer Moreno , a police spokeswoman , told CNN that all of the alleged assailants were African-American and that none are known to be related to the boy or his family . She said the beating was "  a spontaneous response . " The prosecutor 's office said the boy who was struck by Utash 's truck was taken to a local hospital , where he was treated for a leg injury and released . Five suspects ranging in age from 16 to 30 have been charged so far for their roles in the attack . The four adult suspects are charged with attempted murder while the fifth , a juvenile , is charged with assault and ethnic intimidation . Michigan 's penal code says a person is guilty of ethnic intimidation "  if that person maliciously , and with specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person 's race , color , religion , gender , or national origin , causes physical contact with another person  or  damages , destroys , or defaces any real or personal property of another person . " It can carry a prison sentence of up to two years . Worthy spokeswoman Maria Miller said the adults are scheduled to go to trial in August and the juvenile in June . She said that there was not sufficient evidence to charge the other suspects with ethnic intimidation , but that the case remains open and the investigation ongoing . A Change.org petition demanding that Moreno charge Utash 's assailants with a hate crime had 124 signatures Sunday morning . Daughter Felicia Utash told CNN affiliate WXYZ that she does n't want to believe the assault on her father was a hate crime , but she is pleased that suspects have been apprehended . Utash 's other daughter , Mandi Marie Utash , set up a GoFundMe.com page for her father -- who she says does not have health insurance -- with the goal of raising $ 50,000 . By Sunday morning , more than 4500 donors had contributed $ 186,298 . Fifth suspect charged in beating of Detroit driver ` Race is being looked at ' as a possible motive in attack CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	Steven Utash , 54 , has been discharged from a Detroit rehabilitation center Utash was attacked after he accidentally hit a boy with his truck on April 4 Utash spent more than six weeks in a hospital and then rehab center Four adults are charged with attempted murder , juvenile with ethnic intimidation
CNN  -- She could , maybe , be the first beauty pageant contestant to sport a tattoo , but determining that would necessitate reportage on the obscured derrieres and other regions of hundreds of past contestants . So we 'll just say Miss Kansas , Theresa Vail , is the first beauty queen to prominently sport a large tattoo during a pageant . But that 's not the only thing that sets her apart from most bombshells . The Miss America contestant also hunts deer with a bow and is an M16 marskman  markswoman ?  serving in the U.S. Army while double-majoring in Chinese and chemistry at Kansas State . Oh , and she 's working on her private pilot 's license . "  I 'm all about breaking stereotypes , " she said . "  Everybody thinks of Miss America as this girl on a pedestal . I want her to come down from that . She is just a normal girl . " Vail elaborated on her tattoo in a blog post last month . "  I am writing this  blog  post just weeks away from competing for Miss America because I do not want to shock the nation when I 'm seen in a swimsuit , bearing my marks . I want to explain the meanings and reasons behind them , and why I am opting to show them proudly , " she wrote in August . Both tattoos are on her right ribcage . One is of the Serenity Prayer , running from her armpit to her hip . It was partially obscured by her bikini strap during the swimsuit segment of the pageant . The other is a military medical insignia . Her plans include a career in dentistry . Tattoos and piercings : How young is too young ? Vail wrote that she chose to get the prayer tattoo because she was bullied as a youngster and the prayer gave her the strength to get through high school and boot camp . She wrote that the insignia was inspired by her father , who was influential in her decision to pursue a dental profession in the military . "  If I were crowned Miss America , bearing my tattoos , do you realize the stereotypes and stigmas it would break ? " she wrote . "  Do you realize it would pave a path for a whole new audience to compete in the Miss America Organization ? " Tattoos among the millennial generation are on the rise , according to a 2010 Pew Study : Nearly 40 % are inked . "  If I do n't win the title of Miss America , I can only hope I have changed people 's perceptions of the type of women that choose to compete for it . God , Grant me the Courage to Change the Things I Can ... , " she wrote . The Miss America Organization will crown its pageant winner Sunday . A request for comment from the organization was not immediately returned .	Miss Kansas to display her tattoos in Miss America pageant She wrote a blog post explaining her decision Tattoos among millennials are on the rise , study finds Miss America will crown its winner Sunday
CNN  -- An extreme sport went extremely wrong recently when two men riding in a large inflatable ball rolled out of control and fell off a snowy mountain in Russia killing one and seriously injuring the other . The incident , which was captured on video and posted on YouTube , happened on January 3 at a resort in Russia 's North Caucasus mountains , Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported . Read more : What is zorbing ? The two men , identified as Denis Burakov , 27 , Vladimir Shcherbov , 33 , were inside the giant transparent plastic ball . An attendant pushes them down the snowy mountain and laughter can be heard as the men begin to roll . The laughter quickly stops as the ball veers off the path and heads towards a cliff . Panicked voices can be heard as another attendant fails to be able to stop the globe as it picks up speed and heads for the cliff . Burakov broke his neck in the fall and died and Shcherbov was hospitalized with cuts and bruises and a concussion , RIA Novosti said . The accident caught the attention of ZORB , a company that says it is the "  inventors of the sport of globe riding and the manufacturers of the official ZORB globe . " The company said it was distressed by the incident and then distanced itself from the deadly accident . "  This tragedy was committed by an illegal operator who has no association with ZORB , and was not known to ZORB , " the company said in a statement . "  The equipment was not manufactured by ZORB . The lack of proper berms to stop globes is absolutely prohibited by ZORB . Operating in mountainous , rocky and snow conditions is very dangerous . " Authorities have started an investigation to deterimine if criminal negligence occurred , RIA Novosti reported . Zorbing is an extreme sport that started in New Zealand .	The accident was videotaped and posted on YouTube One man was killed The men were rolling in a giant ball that fell off cliff
CNN  -- A 14-year-old Filipino-American boy abducted in July by suspected Islamic militants in the Philippines is free , officials said . Kevin Lunsmann was reunited with his mother , the U.S. Embassy in Manila said Monday , without offering additional details . "  It was a tough time . It was a tough five months , " Kevin 's father , Heiko , told CNN affiliate WSET , from the family home in Lynchburg , Virginia . "  I 'm just so happy . " Heiko Lunsmann said the boy had plotted his escape for a while and eventually seized the opportunity some time late last week while his guards slept . He "  was spotted alone " Saturday about six miles southwest of Lamitan City on the island of Basilan , a stronghold of the Islamic militant group Abu Sayyaf , the official Philippines News Agency said . Army officials turned him over to American forces in the southern Mindanao region , the Philippine government said in a statement to CNN affiliate TV 5 . The Philippine Inquirer quoted the Lamitan city mayor , Roderick Furigay , as saying Kevin walked for two days , surviving on candies his captors presumably gave him and on coconuts that he retrieved by climbing trees . "  In this holiday season nothing makes me happier than knowing that an innocent victim is returned to his family in time for holiday celebrations , " Harry Thomas , the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines , said in a weekend statement . "  If ever we are to be inspired by the human spirit , we should take comfort in the courage , commitment and love that the Lunsmann family exhibited during this trying ordeal , " Thomas added . Fourteen gunmen snatched Kevin , his mother , Gerfa Yeatts Lunsmann , and his 19-year-old cousin , Romnick Jakaria , in July while they vacationed on the island of Tictabon , authorities said . The abductors forced them to board awaiting boats , which then sped off in the direction of Basilan . Kevin 's mother was released by her captors in October . Jakaria was released last month , according to the news agency . Basilan serves as a base for Abu Sayyaf , which wants to establish a separate state for the Philippines ' minority Muslim population . The U.S. State Department considers the group a terrorist organization and says it is linked to al Qaeda . The Philippines government has been fighting to contain the militants . Abu Sayyaf has been blamed for several terrorist attacks in the Philippines , including the bombing of a ferry in 2004 that left about 130 people dead , as well as past kidnappings . Basilan 's governor called on authorities Sunday to prosecute the alleged kidnappers of the Lunsmann family , according to the news agency . "  The prosecution of kidnappers by a court of law will put a stop to kidnappings , " the news agency quoted Jum Akbar as saying . Thomas , the U.S. ambassador , said the crime will not go "  unpunished . " Gerfa Lunsmann was adopted by Americans when she was 9 and grew up in Virginia . She eventually married a German citizen . Both she and the son , Kevin , are U.S. passport holders . Kevin 's father told WSET that the boy will eventually share his story of escape , but did not say when . "  I can tell you a lot of things , but I only know that he is a hero , " he said . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WSET .	NEW : Kevin 's father tells CNN affiliate the boy had plotted his escape for a while "  An innocent victim is returned to his family , " the ambassador says Report : Kevin walked for two days , surviving on candies and coconut His mother and cousin were released earlier
CNN  -- Since Apple released iOS 7 , its completely revamped operating system for the iPhone , reviews have been mixed but mostly positive . However , a glitch that has quietly plagued iPhone users â $ " the "  white/black screen of death , " a bug that abruptly soft reboots the smartphone â $ " will finally be addressed in a future iOS 7 update . "  We have a fix in an upcoming software update for a bug that can occasionally cause a home screen crash , " Apple spokesperson Trudy Muller told Mashable . SEE ALSO : iOS 7 : Here 's What 's New Some of the first reports of the glitch began to crop up as early as September on Apple 's discussion forums , and subsequently appeared on various social media channels like Twitter . Based on various reports , the color of the boot-up screen depends on the color of your iPhone 's face . A white iPhone face produces a white boot up screen with a black Apple logo , while a device with a black face produces a black screen with a white Apple logo . The glitch appears to affect any iPhone running iOS 7 , with some users reporting that the sudden shutting off occurs once the iPhone 's battery dips down into the 30 % level . The update is rumored to land alongside iOS 7.1 , which is currently in its fourth beta with developers . In addition to fixing the "  white screen of death , " iOS 7.1 is expected to bring some minor UI and design changes . Lance Ulanoff contributed to this report . See the original story on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple : Fix coming for ` white/black screen of death ' But has been rebooting iPhones using Apple 's iOS 7 Some say problem happens when phone 's battery is low
CNN  -- The daughter of Peter Kalikow , the former owner of the New York Post , has been arrested after allegedly trying to sell 30 bags of heroin , court documents show . Kathryn Kalikow , 27 , and Brian Whelan , 28 , were charged Monday with possession of drugs with intent to sell after allegedly advertising the drugs on Craigslist as "  high quality diesel pain relief . " On Sunday , undercover police detectives in the Bronx , New York , responded to the Craigslist post , which referred to the heroin as "  stamps , diesel , H train , dope , bundles , tickets , dog food . " They set up a meeting through text messages , one of which said , "  It 'll be $ 400 and an extra $ 40 to deliver it . " Kalikow and Whelan agreed on an address , arrived in a blue Volkswagen and texted an undercover detective , who went to the vehicle and questioned the couple , the documents say . Kalikow said , "  Yes I have drugs . He 's my boyfriend , I was holding on to it for him , " the records show , and she gave the detective three plastic bags , each containing 10 small bags of a tan , powdery substance . The court documents say Whelan told officers that it was his idea to post the ad on Craigslist because he needs treatment . "  I am a heroin addict , " he said , "  and to afford the drug , I agreed to sell some of the drug on consignment for the person I buy from . " Whelan and Kalikow pleaded not guilty at their arraignments Monday and were released on their own recognizance . They are expected to return to court on May 14 , said Melvin Hernandez , a spokesman for the Bronx district attorney . On Monday evening , just after the arraignment , Whelan 's family admitted him voluntarily to a drug rehabilitation facility , Whelan 's attorney , Marvin Ray Raskin , said Tuesday . Kalikow 's attorney did not immediately return calls to CNN . Her father purchased the New York Post in 1988 and sold it in 1993 , and was the chairman of New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority from 2001 to 2007 . He now operates a real estate business based in his 49-floor skyscraper , 101 Park Avenue . He said in a statement that he and his wife "  are very concerned , and all we are concentrating on now is helping our daughter . "	Police say they responded to a Craigslist ad , received drugs from a couple Kathryn Kalikow , 27 , and Brian Whelan , 28 , pleaded not guilty at their arraignments They 're charged with possession of drugs with intent to sell
CNN  -- Jeff Tobola had just wrapped up another work day and picked up his son in West , Texas , when he heard the city 's fertilizer plant was on fire . Why not check it out ? "  I noticed I could see the flames , " Tobola said . "  I went like , yeah , that 's a good sized fire , and so it just drew me a little bit closer . " Almost too close . Tobola pulled out his cell phone to capture it on video , he hit record -- and then all hell broke loose . The plant exploded sending a deadly shock wave through the tight-knit community of 2,800 people , many of them of Czech heritage . "  What I was thinking ... as it exploded ... is , ` am I going to be able to hear when this stops ? Is this gon na burn me ? ' Because , I was like 200 yards away from it . " When it was all over 15 people were dead , 120 homes destroyed and 200 more damaged . In the fraction of a second before the explosion , the video shows a brilliant flash of light , followed by a massive shock wave -- a dome of energy rippling from the blast . "  It definitely was the biggest explosion I 've ever seen , " said Tobola . "  It seems like it lasted forever . " Tobola only released the video this week on the eve of the first anniversary of the April 17 , 2013 , blast . "  It just was n't the time or place , " he said . "  I had a lot of friends that passed in the fire . " Texas town tighter than ever 1 year after fatal blast	Fifteen people perished in the April 17 , 2013 , blast The explosion destroyed 120 homes and damaged 200 more Jeff Tobola caught the blast on his cell phone , but only released it this week
CNN  -- David Moyes ' first Manchester derby ended in crushing defeat Sunday as his United team suffered an embarrassing 4-1 loss away to English Premier League title rival City . Moyes , facing the immense task in replacing Alex Ferguson -- the most successful manager in British football history -- could only watch as City netted four times in the first 50 minutes against the defending champion . Sergio Aguero scored the first and third , Yaya Toure made it 2-0 in first-half injury time and Samir Nasri put the result beyond doubt . It lifted City up to third in the table , with new manager Manuel Pellegrini vindicated in restoring Alvaro Negredo to the starting lineup as the Spain striker set up two of the goals . Moyes was robbed of the services of last season 's top scorer Robin van Persie , who was ruled out with a groin injury , and Wayne Rooney was unable to continue the resurgent form he has shown up front this season until he curled in a stunning free-kick in the 87th minute . "  Every manager has bad days and bad results . I am no different , " Moyes said . "  I have been here with Everton many times and I do n't think I suffered a defeat like this with Everton . "  I talked with the players the same as I would at any other club . They are good pros here and they know when they are bang at it and when they are not . " While the result echoed City 's 6-1 thumping of United at Old Trafford two years ago , which gave Roberto Mancini 's men a five-point cushion at the top on the way to a long-awaited league title , this time the victory has merely kept the Light Blues in touch with leading sides Arsenal and Tottenham . The London clubs ended this weekend with a two-point advantage after Arsenal beat Stoke 3-1 , with record signing Mesut Ozil having a hand in all three goals , and Tottenham edged Cardiff 1-0 thanks to an injury-time winner from Paulinho . United , meanwhile , dropped to eighth in the table with just seven points from five matches -- five behind the top two . Moyes ' team also lost to Liverpool and drew with Chelsea in a difficult run of early fixtures . "  The start to the season could be a lot better , " the Scot said . "  We did say it could be a difficult start . "  I was n't convinced when the balls came out of the Premier League bag  for the schedule  and I 'm still not convinced . " Pellegrini was understandably pleased with his best result since leaving Spanish club Malaga at the end of last season . "  I 'm very happy . The way we played is the way I want this team to play , very similar to against Newcastle  a 4-0 win  . We played the way we work all week , " the Chilean said . "  We have been playing irregular in other games , but it is normal in this moment of the season . This was a high test today and the players had a great answer . " Aguero put City ahead in the 16th minute as the Argentina striker superbly hooked in a volley from Aleksandar Kolarov 's left-wing cross , with Nasri also involved in the move . Toure pounced for the vital second just before the break , sticking out a knee to divert the ball into the net after Negredo rose highest to head down a corner . Negredo , signed for $ 26 million from Sevilla in July , was again the provider just a minute after the restart as he turned and put in the perfect cross for Aguero to volley home a much simpler effort than his first . Nasri was criticized for his performance in last season 's corresponding fixture , a tempestuous 3-2 defeat for City marred by pitch invasions and coin throwing , but he has been a different player this campaign . The France midfielder calmly volleyed in the fourth goal at the far post from a cross by Jesus Navas -- another new addition to City 's squad -- after captain Vincent Kompany stopped a United attack and charged upfield . Rooney is also in significantly better form this season , having flirted with a move to Chelsea but now seemingly committed to United . The England striker 's late corner allowed Patrice Evra to head against the post , and soon after he gave City keeper Joe Hart no chance with his fourth goal in the last three matches . Arsenal 's victory was the club 's seventh in a row since losing 3-1 at home to Aston Villa on the opening day of this season . Manager Arsene Wenger hailed the contribution of Germany playmaker Mesut Ozil , who has settled in quickly since leaving Real Madrid on transfer deadline day . "  Once he is completely integrated we will see even more of him , but he has shown today that he is a great player , " said Wenger said . "  Ozil is a player , when you look at his numbers , the assists are not a coincidence , it is just the reality of his game . "  You could see today he has a good pace as well . At the moment he focuses a lot on his passing , but he can create individually as well . " Tottenham needed a moment of magic from Paulinho , one of several new signings , as the Brazil midfielder backheeled the winner at Cardiff from Erik Lamela 's pass . "  There could only be one winner , " said Spurs coach Andre Villas-Boas . "  We played so much football it would have been unfair to leave here with only one point . " In Sunday 's other match , Swansea moved up to ninth with a 2-0 win at promoted Crystal Palace , which stayed second from bottom . Bottom club Sunderland sacked coach Paolo Di Canio on Sunday , following a 3-0 defeat against West Brom 24 hours earlier . The Italian was a controversial appointment on March 31 due to his past statements in support of fascism , but he kept the club in the top flight in 17th place . However , Sunderland has just one point from five games this season .	Manchester City wins 4-1 in Sunday 's derby match against Manchester United Sergio Aguero scores twice , with Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri also on target Wayne Rooney nets late consolation for United in absence of Robin van Persie Arsenal top of EPL table on goal difference after 3-1 win over Stoke
The peace of prayer time at a mosque in Aleppo was shattered Wednesday when Syrian army planes bombed the site , killing and injuring several worshippers , activists said . Tama Hazem , head of the Aleppo Media Center , said Nour Al-Shuhada mosque was struck during Asr , the third Islamic prayer of the day . "  The scene was of complete devastation . The main hall of the mosque and the minaret were destroyed and many of the wounded were in critical condition , " Hazem said . "  There was no reason to target this mosque and it is not the first one to be targeted in the neighborhood . There is no FSA base in the mosque and it was not frequented by rebels , " he said , referring to the rebel Free Syrian Army . The opposition Local Coordination Committees also said warplanes dropped TNT barrels on the mosque in the neighborhood of Shaar . Opposition activists say more than 30,000 people have been killed since March 2011 , when anti-government protesters took to the streets calling for political reform and an end to four decades of Assad family rule . The government responded with a violent clampdown , spawning an armed conflict that has spiraled into a civil war . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government has insisted it is fighting "  armed terrorist groups . " CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties in Syria because the government has restricted access by international journalists . Turkey , Syria trade fire Turkey and Syria traded artillery rounds along their borders , Turkish authorities said . Hatay governor 's office in Turkey said that a mortar shell landed in a field near Hacipasa hamlet of of Altinozu town Wednesday afternoon . Turkish border forces retaliated immediately . The office said that there were no casualties in the incident . Tensions have heightened between the two countries . Turkey , once a friend of the al-Assad government , now opposes the regime . There have been a flurry of cross-border incidents . Turkey hosts more than 100,000 Syrian refugees and opposition leaders . More than 150 dead At least 155 people died Wednesday , most of them in Damascus and Aleppo , according to the LCC . The reported toll in and around Damascus was 48 , with another 46 killed in Aleppo , Syria 's commercial capital , the group said . Rebels fighting regime forces in Idlib province "  inflicted heavy losses " and downed a helicopter , but the LCC reported earlier that at least 24 people had been killed there . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said its forces killed many "  terrorists " across the country . It reported the assassination of a Damascus province official . Mohammad Ayman Taja was shot dead as he was leaving his house in the Rukn Eddin area of Damascus city . Brahimi visits Lebanon on cease-fire mission Scrambling to find a solution to Syria 's bloody civil war , international envoy Lakhdar Brahimi visited Lebanon and campaigned for a cease-fire in Syria . During his brief stop in Beirut , Brahimi met with Lebanese President Michel Suleiman . Later Wednesday , Brahimi was expected to visit the Syrian capital of Damascus . Over the course of his regional tour , the U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria has been trying to broker a cease-fire for the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha next week . "  People bury one hundred persons a day , and if this number is reduced during Eid , it may be a start to bring Syria out of this dangerous situation that is has slipped and continues to slip into , " Brahimi said , as reported by the Lebanese National News Agency . UK man charged over photographers ' kidnapping in Syria Eid al-Adha , which commemorates the Muslim prophet Ibraham 's willingness to sacrifice his son for Allah , is one of two major holidays in Islam . The other , Eid al-Fitr , marks the end of Ramadan , when Muslims fast from dawn to dusk . But if history repeats itself , the odds of any cease-fire are stacked against Brahimi . His predecessor , Kofi Annan , made numerous trips to Damascus but was unable to halt the incessant violence . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , whose government supports the al-Assad administration , proposed the observation of a truce on Eid al-Adha , Iranian media outlets said . "  In our view , ceasefire and dialogue for free elections is the right solution , " Ahmadinejad told reporters at the Asia Cooperation Dialogue summit in Kuwait City . The U.S. election and the price of sitting out Syria . Stop arming Syrians , Brahimi tells world Brahimi backed U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's call for countries to stop arming the different sides . "  God willing , this would be a start to get out of the Syrian crisis , and of course this wo n't be easy , " he said to the Lebanese news outlet . "  These countries should know that this crisis wo n't be confined within the Syrian borders forever . If not resolved it will deteriorate . " There is mounting concern over a foreign presence in Syria , such as Hezbollah and Iranians fighting for the al-Assad regime . CNN has learned that British authorities think dozens of British citizens have gone to Syria , some of whose motivation is to wage jihad . Not all of them are planning to join the Free Syrian Army , which is becoming increasingly hostile to the jihadist elements fighting al-Assad 's army . There are concerns that jihadists are getting battlefield training and experience in Syria that they could bring back and use on targets in Great Britain .	Activists report 155 deaths in Wednesday 's fighting Nour Al-Shuhada mosque was struck during the third prayer time of the day Lakhdar Brahimi is scheduled to arrive in Damascus after a stop in Beirut He is pushing for a cease-fire in Syria for the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha
CNN  -- United States health authorities have added eight commonly used substances to its official "  Report on Carcinogens , " saying they may put people at increased risk of developing cancer . The industrial chemical formaldehyde and a botanical substance known as aristolochic acids are listed as "  known human carcinogens " while six others , including certain inhalable glass wool fibers and styrene , used in Styrofoam , are listed as substances "  reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogen , " the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced Friday . Formaldehyde , which was listed on a previous report , was upgraded to "  known carcinogen " after it was found to cause nasal cancer in rats . A colorless , flammable chemical , formaldehyde may be found in a wide range of products from plastics , synthetic fibers to hair straightening products and textile finishes . Aristocholic acid -- a natural-occurring botanical substance -- may cause cancer of the urinary tract and permanent kidney failure , the report stated . It is used in traditional Chinese herbal medicine and in some weight-loss herbal medicines . Six other commonly used products were listed as "  reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogens " , including styrene , a chemical found in products such as Styrofoam and fiberglass . Exposure to captafol , cobalt-tungsten carbide  in powder or hard metal form  , certain inhalable glass wool fibers , o-nitrotoluene , riddelliine , and styrene -- are "  reasonably anticipated to increase carcinogenic exposure , " the report states .	A natural-occuring chemical and formaldehyde listed as "  known human carcinogens " Glass wool fibers and styrene , used in Styrofoam , are "  reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogens " The report was issued Friday by U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
CNN  -- Some long-time Cuba watchers expressed skepticism Tuesday over a report by a former Mexican foreign minister that Communist leader Raul Castro removed two top-ranking officials earlier this month because they were plotting to overthrow him with the support of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . Fidel Castro , beset by illness , ceded power to his younger brother , Raul , pictured , last year . Jorge G. Castaneda , who served as Mexico 's foreign minister from 2000 - 2003 , wrote in the March 23 issue of Newsweek , which became public Saturday , that Deputy Prime Minister Carlos Lage Davila and Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque were concerned that Raul Castro would make concessions that would betray the 50-year-old Cuban Revolution . "  For at least a month or so , Lage , Perez Roque and others were apparently involved in a conspiracy , betrayal , coup or whatever term one prefers , to overthrow or displace Raul from his position , " Castaneda wrote . "  In this endeavor , they recruited -- or were recruited by -- Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , who in turn tried to enlist the support of other Latin American leaders , starting with Leonel Fernandez of the Dominican Republic , who refused to get involved . " The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington did not answer a verbal and written request for comment . The Dominican Republic Embassy in Washington did not answer telephones calls at various numbers . Robert Pastor , who served as a Latin America National Security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s , returned Saturday from a weeklong visit to Cuba . Pastor said he wrote Castaneda a letter upon his return expressing his disbelief in Castaneda 's contentions . "  This is Jorge at his most creative , " Pastor said Tuesday . Louis A. Perez Jr. , a Cuba scholar who has written 12 books on the nation , also expressed his doubts . "  Where is this coming from ? " Perez asked . "  I operate with the idea that there has to be some standard of plausibility . Is there discontent in Cuba and was Lage seen as the heir apparent ? Yeah , that 's the conventional wisdom since last year . But that there 's a conspiracy between Lage and Perez Roque ? I do n't think so . It would be helpful if the people who write these reports cross the barrier of speculation . " Castaneda freely offers that he has no proof , calling his thesis "  informed speculation . " "  I have no way to substantiate any of this , " he said by telephone Tuesday from Mexico City . "  I have no evidence of it . " Instead , Castaneda points to an "  enigmatic " comment former leader Fidel Castro made in a column after the two men were removed . "  He resorted to a baseball metaphor on the occasion of the World Baseball Classic to praise Dominicans for not participating  the team 's plans had been unclear  and to claim that Chavez 's baseball players , ` as good and young ' as they might be , were no match for ` Cuba 's seasoned all-stars , ' " Castaneda wrote in the Newsweek article . Castaneda says Castro was thanking Dominican President Fernandez and sending a veiled message to Chavez . The former Mexican official also points to Chavez ' silence on the removal of the two men as further proof that he was involved . The two fired functionaries were acting out of loyalty to the revolution , Castaneda wrote . Fidel Castro , beset by illness , ceded power to his younger brother last year . Most analysts see Fidel Castro as the more idealistic and doctrinaire of the two brothers , while Raul is viewed as more pragmatic . "  Their reasons for wishing to unseat Raul were mainly turf and power , " Castaneda wrote , "  but they also feared that the leader was beginning to feel threatened by the reaction of the Cuban people to excessive economic and social deprivation , and after his brother 's demise would be unable to control the flow of events . Consequently , he would accept a series of economic and political reforms to normalize relations with the United States . ... "  They believed this to be a betrayal of the revolution , and the beginning of the end of its survival . " According to Castaneda , Raul Castro detected the plot and went to his brother and gave him an ultimatum : support him or the plotters . Fidel Castro agreed to back his brother , Castaneda wrote . The Castro brothers then called in Chavez and gave him a "  devil 's alternative : back off , while maintaining economic support for the island , or lose his Cuban security detail and intelligence apparatus , exposing himself to coups and assassination attempts from eventual Venezuelan replacements . He chose to stick with the Castros . " Castaneda acknowledges that Pastor and others have criticized him but says , "  I ask that they offer a better explanation . " Says Pastor , "  Most of them are quite conventional explanations . Everyone knew he was going to change the Cabinet . The only question was when the changes would be . " Raul Castro was merely trying to make the government more efficient , Pastor said . "  What was he doing ? " he asked . "  Merging different ministries , trying to decentralize and strengthen the government 's capacity to undertake economic reforms . " But Castaneda points to the manner in which the two men were removed as proof that there was more to it than just a change in government . Why were n't Lage and Perez Roque given ambassadorships or other face-saving posts , as is often done in cases like this , he asked ? Instead , Castaneda said , the men were stripped of all posts and made to sign letters in which they confessed to unspecified "  mistakes . " And one day after the two men were removed , Fidel Castro wrote in his column that they were ousted after they became seduced by the "  honey of power , " which led them to an "  unworthy role . " Castro further said the two men had reawakened the illusions of "  foreign powers " regarding Cuba 's future . Castaneda says Raul Castro was worried about what would happen after Fidel dies and was trying to avert a succession battle . Perez Roque , 43 , might have been perceived as a threat . "  Perez Roque was popular in Cuba ; his youth , his humble origins , his combative nature all brought him closer to the people than most Cuban bureaucrats , " Castaneda wrote in Newsweek . Pastor notes that the decision to remove the two men was not popular . "  There was pushback in Cuba among the -LSB- Communist Party -RSB- cadres and the public who said , "  We 've connected with these two people . Why are they going ? " Pastor said . "  They did n't feel the government had given an adequate explanation for changing those individuals . They were concerned about the language of the resignations and about Fidel 's comments . " Interestingly , Pastor said , "  They blamed Fidel more than they seemed to blame Raul . " Perez , the Cuba scholar , also noted Fidel Castro 's apparent passing from power . "  Nobody speaks of Fidel anymore , " Perez said . "  He 's a non-presence . Out of sight , out of mind . The only time anyone speaks of him is when they are asked about him . "	Former Mexican foreign minister says Raul Castro removed two top-ranking officials It 's claimed they were plotting to overthrow him fearing he 'd betray Cuban revolution Report says plotters received support from Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Some long-time Cuba watchers skeptical over the report
CNN  Just when you did n't think Republicans could top themselves in finding ways to disrespect the President of the United States , on Monday , 47 Republican Senators -- that is , all but seven -- sent a letter to Iran that appeared aimed at scuttling President Obama 's diplomatic efforts to prevent Tehran developing nuclear weapons capacity . The move comes on the heels of House Republicans inviting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address Congress -- without even informing the White House of the plan to issue an invitation . But this latest measure went a step further , seeing Republicans in Congress literally stepping on the constitutional toes of the executive branch and formally intruding on U.S. diplomacy . Under the Logan Act passed by Congress way back in 1799 , U.S. citizens are prevented from influencing "  disputes or controversies " involving the United States and a foreign government , without express authority to do so . Now , it appears the Iran letter was carefully drafted by Sen. Tom Cotton , a smart constitutional lawyer , to come as close as possible to the line of legality without crossing it , specifically by not explicitly taking a position against the Iran negotiations . Yet the intent to interfere with the executive branch is clear . It 's one thing for Congress to demand it ratify such a deal  as Democrats did in 2002 when President Bush negotiated arms reductions with Russian President Vladimir Putin  . But it 's something else entirely to undermine the authority of the White House by sending a partisan letter to a foreign government  something Democrats did n't do with Russia  . Sadly , this is only the most recent and extreme example of dishonor and disrespect . In the Washington Post , columnist Jonathan Capehart recently outlines what he sees as the top six instances of disrespect toward President Obama . His list includes the example of former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani saying , "  I do not believe that the President loves America . " Also on Capehart 's list are the time a reporter from the conservative Daily Caller website interrupted the President during remarks at the White House about immigration reform in 2012 , and the time South Carolina congressman Joe Wilson , a Republican , heckled the President during his speech to a joint session of Congress about health care reform .  Wilson shouted "  You lie ! " in response to remarks by the President that , it should be noted , were in fact quite true  . And there are plenty more examples of Republican slights against President Obama . Most famously , there was the widespread questioning of Obama 's citizenship and academic credentials that included signs at conservative rallies describing Obama as a "  lyin ' African . " And there was the Republican women 's group that created an image of "  food stamp dollars " with Obama 's face on them  as well as a bucket of KFC and watermelon  . There was also Republican presidential candidate and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich decrying Obama 's "  Kenyan , anti-colonial behavior . " Plus there was then-Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer waving her finger at President Obama when she greeted Air Force One on the tarmac . Brewer later alleged she "  felt a little bit threatened " by the President . Taken as a whole , this list suggests a troubling pattern of profound disrespect for the President . But more than this , it seems to reflect an anti-Obama fever that has gripped the Republican Party -- one that the letter to Iran suggests shows no signs of breaking , and is a sure sign of sickness in the Republican Party . Is the lack of respect being shown toward President Obama about race , as some have suggested ? Yes and no . Certainly , for a segment of the country , it really is about being uncomfortable with a black president . Indeed , even former Secretary of State Colin Powell , a Republican , noted what he described as a "  dark vein " of intolerance in the party and parts of the country in general . But beyond that hopefully shrinking share of the population that is explicitly racist , there is a far wider issue of implicit racial bias -- an unconscious , yet nonetheless real tendency , to subject President Obama to extra scrutiny because of the color of his skin . None of this is to suggest that all of the criticism aimed at President Obama stems from implicit racial bias . But such bias appears to be a factor in the ease and extremity of disrespect aimed at America 's first black president . And this disrespect mirrors the disrespect shown against black Americans in general . "  Honorable people can disagree over policy , " Vice President Joe Biden said in a statement Tuesday . Yes , and they should do so honorably . Whatever Republicans ' gripes about President Obama 's vision and leadership , the party and its followers are too often expressing their critiques in an ugly way . And that rampant pattern of disrespect -- for any fellow human being , let alone the president of the United States of America -- is what truly undermines the principles and values of our nation .	On Monday , 47 Republican senators sent an open letter to Iran Sally Kohn : Only most extreme example of dishonor and disrespect
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two bomb blasts in different parts of southwest Pakistan killed 12 people and injured 25 Thursday , officials told CNN . More than 55 pounds of explosives were packed into a rickshaw near a hotel near a crowd of people in the city of Sibi in Balochistan , Ghullam Ali Lashari , a local police officer , told CNN . The explosion killed nine people and injured 23 . Read more : 5 killed in first drone strike since protest march "  The strength of blast also damaged nearby houses and shops , " Lashari said . In the second blast , three security personnel were killed and two were injured in Dera Bugti district in Balochistan , said Murtaza Baig , a paramilitary force spokesman . Read more : Teen blogger in critical condition after Taliban attack A landmine was planted on a road used by security personnel for routine patrols around gas installations in the area , Baig said . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the incidents . Balochistan province has Pakistan 's largest reserve of gas and has seen violent clashes between suspected insurgents and security forces in the past few years .	Two bombs exploded in Balochistan , killing 12 and injuring 25 Balochistan has Pakistan 's largest reserve of gas and heavy insurgent activity No one immediately claimed responsibility for the explosions
CNN  -- A gap in communication between the National Weather Service and the Army Corps of Engineers undercut forecasts of the deadly flood that struck middle Tennessee in 2010 , the National Weather Service reported Wednesday . The Corps of Engineers was forced to increase the flow of water from a dam on the Cumberland River amid record rainfalls over Nashville and the surrounding region on May 2 , according to a newly released National Weather Service review of the disaster . But forecasters were n't told about the additional releases , and the Cumberland passed its predicted crest of 41.9 feet within two hours of their advisory , the report states . "  If they had been able to provide that data back to the Weather Service , we could have had a better chance of producing a more accurate and timely forecast for the Cumberland River , " said Weather Service meteorologist Jane Hollingsworth , the report 's author . "  But again , because of the rapid evolution of the event , we could not create that communication exchange . " The Cumberland eventually crested at nearly 52 feet in downtown Nashville , nearly 12 feet over flood stage . The resulting flooding killed 11 people in the city and inflicted more than $ 2 billion in damages , with another 15 people killed in the surrounding region . Both Hollingsworth and Jack Hayes , the Weather Service 's director , emphasized that the communication breakdown occurred during an "  unprecedented " situation , when two-day rainfall totals more than doubled their previous record . The Corps had to increase water flows at the Old Hickory Dam in Hendersonville "  to protect the structural integrity of this dam , " Hollingsworth told reporters . In its own November assessment , the Corps of Engineers acknowledged that "  misunderstandings " between its Nashville district office and the Weather Service threw off forecasts "  to some degree . " Lt. Col. Anthony Mitchell , the district commander , told CNN that the Weather Service 's report was "  pretty fair " and consistent with the Corps ' own report . "  Obviously , our normal protocols in how we would communicate were taxed , and they were taxed to a degree that we recognize that we need to improve upon , " Mitchell said . But , he added , "  Our actions and the actions of those Corps employees that were out there on the spillway gates , making adjustments , saved those projects and saved lives as well . " The Corps is working on ways to share real-time data with forecasters and other agencies that need it , he said . Hollingsworth said that while the Weather Service issued flood warnings , many residents of the affected areas said they could not relate those warnings to the impact on their neighborhoods . As a result , she said , "  All perceived that they had no warning . " Hayes said the Weather Service , the Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Geological Survey have taken steps to improve communication and to learn more about each others ' operations in the wake of the event . And he said the service has developed forecast maps that relate predicted crests to maps , allowing residents to see a clearer picture of how far floodwaters will reach . "  They need to know , when the river reaches 48 feet , what that will mean for their homes and businesses , " Hollingsworth said . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Forecasters did n't know about increased releases from a dam upstream , the report finds The Weather Service and the Corps of Engineers say they 're working to fix the problems The May 2010 floods killed 26 people and flooded downtown Nashville
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan was abuzz Friday with political rumor and intrigue about the possibility of a looming clash between elected leaders and the military after Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said he believed plots were under way to topple the government . "  Government , Army on collision course , " read the headline of the main story on the website of Dawn , a leading English-language newspaper in Pakistan . "  Gilani takes army head on , " said the top article on the website of The Nation , another major daily . The papers appeared to be interpreting Gilani 's comments Thursday , in which he said there were "  conspiracies and intrigues being hatched to pack up the elected government , " as an implicit attack on Pakistan 's powerful military , which has seized power from civilian authorities a number of times in the country 's history . Gilani said Thursday that no institution "  can be a state within a state " and that "  every ministry , including the Ministry of Defense , is answerable to the Parliament of Pakistan . " The Pakistani military denied Gilani 's claims Friday , issuing a statement saying the "  Army has and will continue to support democratic process in the country . " Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , chief of army staff , "  dispelled the speculations of any military takeover and said that these are misleading and are being used as a bogey to divert the focus from the real issues , " the military statement said . Gilani 's provocative statements come amid a turbulent period in Pakistan 's domestic politics and in its relations with the United States . There is widespread controversy in Pakistan over a scandal -- dubbed "  Memogate " -- in which Pakistan 's civilian leaders were supposedly coming up with a plan to unseat the country 's military leadership . The killing of Osama bin Laden by U.S. Navy Seals in May during a raid on a compound located only about a mile from the Pakistan Military Academy in Abbottabad enraged the Pakistani public and deeply embarrassed the military . Relations became even more strained in November , after NATO forces killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers in airstrikes near the Afghan border -- an attack the United States insists was an act of self-defense after troops were fired upon . Amid heavy domestic pressure in Pakistan , President Asif Ali Zardari 's government made decisions unpopular with the United States , such as stopping the transport of NATO supplies through Pakistan and asking the U.S. military to vacate the Shamsi air base . The Memogate scandal has emboldened Zardari 's opponents , who think he favors closer ties with the U.S. military . Husain Haqqani , the former Pakistani ambassador to the United States who resigned in November , is accused of writing a memo setting out the scheme . The plot reportedly called for taking power away from the country 's senior military and intelligence leaders , requesting U.S. assistance in stopping a military coup , asking for American backing of the Zardari government , and vowing to make Pakistan 's foreign policy favorable to the United States . Haqqani says he did n't write the memo , which allegedly was passed along to U.S. officials by Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz days after a U.S. military raid killed bin Laden in May . Following petitions filed by different people -- including Nawaz Sharif , the head of the major opposition party -- the Supreme Court of Pakistan has been investigating the Memogate scandal for a couple of weeks . Complicating matters further , Zardari traveled to Dubai for medical reasons earlier this month , fueling speculation in Pakistan that the embattled leader may resign . Zardari has since returned to Pakistan . CNN 's Shaan Kahn and Jethro Mullen , and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Military denies prime minister 's claim of a plot Prime Minister Gilani says there are conspiracies to bring down the government Local newspapers suggest a clash is looming between civilian and military authorities The prime minister 's remarks come amid widespread controversy over a leaked memo
CNN  -- Actor and filmmaker Joe Pantoliano , known for his role as Ralph Cifaretto on the HBO series "  The Sopranos , " attended the Democratic National Convention on Monday to raise awareness about people living with mental illness . Joe Pantoliano has met with the Obama and McCain camps to promote mental health and recovery . Pantoliano , founder and president of the eight-month-old advocacy organization No Kidding , Me Too , released a teaser of his new film about various forms of mental illness . At the CNN Grill , he answered five questions for CNN.com . CNN.com : What are you doing out here in Denver ? Pantoliano : I 've always been fascinated by the political process ever since I was a kid . ... I always love the festive partying , the camaraderie , the working for the candidate , whether it was somebody in the 3rd Ward where I lived in New Jersey in Hoboken or a senator or a congressman or even when a president would come . I remember when President Kennedy came down to Hoboken in '61 and I was only 10 years old . I was with the Kennedys tonight . CNN.com : Are you a Barack Obama supporter ? Pantoliano : I 'm advocating my organization . I 'm going to the -LSB- Republican National Convention -RCB- next week . I 'm speaking on mental illness and the miracles of recovery ; that 's what the movie is about . I 've met with the Obama chief of staff and the Obama people ; I 've met with McCain people . Mental illness is on the tip of their minds . CNN.com : Who are you voting for ? Pantoliano : I do n't know yet . Watch how celebrity endorsements can backfire " CNN.com : Where are the hot spots in Denver ? Where are people hanging out ? Pantoliano : Here , the CNN Grill . It 's all they 're talking about . I really like Denver . The security is less kinetic -LSB- than -RSB- it was four years ago . That whole fear thing that this administration has played on our nerves ; I think I have post-traumatic stress over that . What happened was I became addicted to the news . iReport.com : Are you in Denver ? Share sights , sounds CNN.com : Do you think that coming out to a convention helps you make up your mind better than sitting in your living room ? Pantoliano : I 'm an independent . I can be inspired tonight by Michelle Obama 's speech , and then something happens next week , so I 'm going back and forth . I 'm a flip-flopper . The difference that I see between the Republicans and the Democrats are that the Democrats really are a force of what the melting pot of our society is . Obama really represents that . Obama represents what America is today . CNN 's Michael Senzon contributed to this report .	Pantoliano is co-founder of the advocacy group No Kidding , Me Too "  Sopranos " actor has new film about mental illness He says he has met with Obama and McCain camps to discuss issue Pantoliano has n't decided whom to vote for in November
Exactly a year ago , more than 1,000 people lost their lives when a nine-story factory building collapsed suddenly in Dhaka . It was one of the darkest days in Bangladesh 's recent history . The majority of those killed or injured were garment workers , but they represented just a fraction of the hundreds of thousands of people employed in hundreds of factories dotted around the Bangladeshi capital . Unfortunately , the Rana Plaza catastrophe on April 24 , 2013 was not unique . Only five months earlier , 117 workers died when a fire ripped through the Tazreen clothing factory on the outskirts of Dhaka . The Rana Plaza disaster in Dhaka 's Savar district did , however , spark an international outcry about the conditions millions of Bangladeshi workers endure each day : Those who were killed spent their last moments working for a pittance , manufacturing clothes for major global brands in appalling conditions . As a result , the Bangladeshi government , along with international organizations and foreign retailers , pledged to compensate victims ' grieving families and improve the state of factories across the country . A year on and those efforts are continuing though many promises remain unfulfilled . Safety measures are being improved and more stringent standards are being introduced . However , compensation to victims ' families remains shrouded in uncertainty . "  The incident was a wake-up call , " Farah Kabir , country director for British charity ActionAid told CNN . "  Efforts are being taken on different levels in terms of safety and other related matters . But in terms of the rights of workers , that issue is unsolved . It has been one year and there is no coordinated plan to provide compensation . " Empty promises ? After widespread criticism of workers ' rights , the government revised its labor laws . Under the Bangladesh Labor  Amendment  Act , workers no longer need approval from employers to form trade unions , and every factory that sells within the country also has to pledge 5 % of their profits toward a workers ' welfare fund . The government also boosted minimum wages from $ 38 to around $ 68 per month . Yet for many thousands of families affected by the 2013 disaster , there is little or no respite . Najneen Akter Nazma and her husband , Jewel , were employed in two different garment factories located at Rana Plaza . When the whole building came crashing down that morning , Nazma , who was pregnant with her first child , was pulled out of the rubble by a rescuer . But Jewel was n't as fortunate . Support from charity organizations helped Nazma pay the medical bills , while the meager government aid enabled her to cover her husband 's funeral costs . Now she struggles to make ends meet . "  Compensation ! What 's that ? I have n't received anything yet , not even for my son , " she told ActionAid after the tragedy . According to Nazma , even individual donors have stopped sending money . "  Who cares about a dead man in such a country where the living people even can not enjoy their rights ? " Nazma 's story resonates with many other survivors interviewed by ActionAid . According to a recent survey carried out by the charity , 74 % of 1,436 survivors of the disaster who were interviewed continue to nurse their injuries and their ongoing trauma . A small number claim they have been refused jobs in other garment factories because they say employers are reluctant to hire them amid fears they might engage in labor activism . Disagreements continue between the government , factory owners and foreign retailers over who should contribute to compensation , with observers suggesting this would be an admission of guilt . This has further slowed the disbursement of claims . "  There has been haphazard financial aid -- some coming from employers , some from the prime minister 's fund . There is no coordination , " says ActionAid 's Kabir . She says only $ 3 million of the $ 16 million set aside in the prime minister 's fund had been distributed , as of a month ago . Following the disaster , international organizations and trade unions pledged a fund of $ 40 million to aid those affected . The International Labour Organization is running this trust fund , and payments from it will be released to the victims by a claims process . However , according to a joint statement released by global trade unions IndustriALL and UNI , along with the labor rights network Clean Clothes campaign , the fund has been able to raise only a third of that amount so far . Only half of the 29 global brands and retailers that sourced garments from the factories in the plaza have contributed to this fund , including Loblaw , Bonmarche , Mango and Premier Clothing . "  Nearly all brands have failed to make a significant enough contribution and we are calling on them to increase their donations immediately , " the statement said . One of the biggest contributors , British fashion chain Primark is also offering long-term compensation amounting to $ 9 million for the workers employed in factories producing garments for the company . The brand 's website says payments began last month and the whole process will be completed by June this year . Safety standards At present Bangladesh has less than 200 qualified inspectors and officials have said it will take at least five years to check working and safety conditions in all factories . In February , the government issued orders to increase the number of labor and factory inspectors to 575 . Two initiatives introduced last year have tried to improve conditions for employees in the $ 20 billion dollar garments industry in Bangladesh . One pact -- the Bangladesh Accord for Fire and Building Safety is a legally binding initiative that mandates signatory companies to undertake inspections of garment factories as well as training of workers . So far , 150 companies have signed the accord , including European retailers like H&M and Benetton . The Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety is a voluntary , industry-sponsored agreement to provide similar measures . It includes 26 brands , all of them American or Canadian , among them Wal-Mart . The Alliance has inspected 400 of the 640 factories used by the organization 's members , a process it plans to complete by July , while the Bangladesh Accord plans to inspect a total 1,500 factories by September for electrical , fire and building safety . Inspections have so far revealed an unflattering picture . "  There is not one factory that does n't need improvement , " says Ian Spaulding , senior adviser to the Alliance . "  The majority of them do not have the necessary protection to prevent fire hazards -- a sprinkler system , fire doors , adequate water capacity to suppress fire . " The Alliance has ordered one factory to be shut down and recommended the closure of another . However , efforts to implement stricter measures are drawing the ire of garment factory associations and trade unions , who say the industry does n't have the necessary infrastructure nor the finances to adhere to these standards . Others are concerned about the loss of income to workers if the factories close down for renovation . Turning pledges into action Several solutions are being suggested by the two groups and foreign retailers : Allowing garment manufacturers in the country easy access to loans , giving businesses tax holidays to help them renovate factories , and compensating workers for any loss of income incurred due to the temporary suspension . The garment industry is Bangladesh 's largest export earner . Many fear worker safety issues are all too often ignored in the interests of greater trade , with some alleging that during any crises the national garment industry association sides with the owners . Following the incident , Prime Minister Sheikh Hasin told CNN that she was n't worried about international companies stalling their business in the country . "  Investors have tapped into the Bangladeshi market not just because of its high-quality workers , " she said . "  They get cheap labor . That 's why they come here . " According to Kabir , there needs to be coordinated efforts and accountability from all stakeholders -- the government , factory owners and retailers . Otherwise , "  Rana Plaza like Tazreen will be forgotten , " she says . "  This past year , we have seen a lot of pledges from brands , manufacturers and the government . We need to see them translate that into action , transaction and political commitment . " WATCH : Go inside a Bangladeshi garment factory	Over 1,000 garment workers died and thousands were injured in the building collapse in Dhaka , Bangladesh last year Only one-third of the $ 40 million compensation fund for families of those affected has been collected so far Inspection of the garment factories reveal lack of adequate safety standards in most of them
CNN  -- In the hubbub at San Francisco 's airport following the crash of Asiana Flight 214 , a United airlines employee and his fiancee allegedly stole luggage and exchanged some of its contents at a nearby Nordstrom for cash , a prosecutor said Tuesday . The two suspects -- Sean Crudup , a United customer service representative , and Raychas Thomas , his fiancee -- were arrested as the latter was catching a flight to Hawaii , the San Mateo County District Attorney 's Office said in a news release . Both are free on bail . The incident happened in the aftermath of the July 6 crash-landing of Flight 214 at San Francisco International Airport . Two people died right after the Boeing 777 shed parts , spun and burst into flames and another died six days later ; about 180 others were hurt . Asiana crash probe moves on from San Francisco airport Thousands more were inconvenienced when departing and incoming air traffic at the airport was halted in the hours after the crash . In some cases , incoming flights were diverted to other airports in California . Passengers ' bags sometimes made it to San Francisco before they did , leading to a pileup of luggage . That 's where , according to the district attorney 's office , the case against the suspects begins . Surveillance video showed Crudup stealing bags and handing them to his fiancee and another unnamed woman , the prosecutor 's office said . Report : TSA employee misconduct up 26 % in 3 years Thomas exchanged valuable clothing that had been in the bags at a Nordstrom store in Pleasanton , California , for about $ 5,000 , the district attorney 's office said . More of the victims ' property was found during a search of the home that Crudup and Thomas shared , according to authorities . Crudup and Thomas have been charged with one count each of grand theft and two counts each of commercial burglaries , District Attorney Stephen Wagstaffe said . Convictions on these charges -- all of them felonies -- carries a maximum sentence of 4 years and 4 months in prison . Thomas posted bail "  right away " and is set to appear in court August 26 for her arraignment , the district attorney notes . Her fiancee , Crudup , was in court last Friday , July 26 , at which time he 's pleaded not guilty . Wagstaffe did n't know the name of the court-appointed attorney assigned to Crudup , who posted $ 75,000 bail over the weekend . In a statement to CNN on Tuesday , United said that it has "  zero tolerance for any theft . " "  We are assisting the San Francisco Police Department in this investigation , " the airline said , "  and this employee has been held out of service . " Read more : Asiana Airline passenger was alive until killed by rescue vehicle CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Some passengers ' flights were diverted , but their bags were n't , after the crash of Flight 214 A prosecutor says a United employee and his fiance stole some of the piled-up bags The fiancee exchanged some of the bags ' contents for $ 5,000 at Nordstrom , DA adds The 2 are charged on three felony counts apiece ; they 're both free on bail
CNN  -- "  Nostalgia " and flimsy evidence led to guilty verdicts in the nation 's oldest cold case ever solved , according to the man serving a life sentence for kidnapping and murdering a neighbor 's child in 1957 . In his 80-page appeal , former police officer Jack Daniel McCullough says he deserves a new trial because his mother was allowed to accuse him from the grave -- while he was kept from proving that he was elsewhere when a 7-year-old girl was abducted and killed . The appellate brief , filed Thursday by the Illinois state appellate defender , noted that nobody saw who grabbed Maria Ridulph from a street corner in Sycamore , Illinois , or witnessed how or where she was killed . No forensic evidence ties McCullough -- or anyone else -- to a crime so shocking it captured the attention of FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover , the appeal states . Instead , the court papers say , prosecutors built their case on unreliable evidence , including inmate witnesses whose motives were suspect and others whose memories were dulled by the passage of time : "  The evidence against Jack McCullough , " the appeal contended , "  was so unreasonable , so improbable , and so unsatisfactory as to create a reasonable doubt that he was responsible for a 1957 murder , kidnapping , and abduction of an infant . " That evidence included "  personal memories of what occurred 55 years ago ; a photo identification made 53 years after the incident ; testimony from jailhouse informants ; innocuous statements from the defendant ; and an improperly admitted and inconclusive statement from the defendant 's mother while on morphine and Haldol just before her death . " The appeal cited many of the issues raised by legal experts who spoke with CNN for "  Taken : The coldest case ever solved , " a five-part multimedia series published in August . The series was the basis for an hour-long documentary that aired on HLN . Read the appeal  PDF McCullough was convicted in September 2012 of kidnapping and murdering Maria Ridulph 55 years earlier . The brown-eyed second-grader vanished from the corner of Sycamore 's Archie Place and Center Cross Street on the evening of December 3 , 1957 . Her body was found the following spring in a grove of trees off a busy state highway about 120 miles away . The crime , which shook the small farming community to its core , is believed to be the country 's oldest cold case ever prosecuted . Now 74 , McCullough is serving a life sentence at a state prison in Pontiac , Illinois . He denied committing the crime in several letters to CNN and in a jailhouse interview last year . He also denied having anything to do with Maria 's disappearance and death in a lengthy police interrogation in Seattle hours before his arrest . Prosecutors and investigators said his odd demeanor during questioning convinced them they had the right man . The DeKalb County State 's Attorney , which prosecuted McCullough , declined comment and referred calls to the Illinois state appellate prosecutor , which also declined to comment on a pending case . A court clerk said both sides should finish filing their briefs by late June and arguments could be scheduled by summer . "  I think the problem with Jack 's trial is , it was all emotion-based , " said Janey O'Connor , McCullough 's stepdaughter and most outspoken defender . She said she hopes his lawyers can convince the appeals court to view the case with a more objective eye . "  To find a man guilty based on conflicting stories , unconstitutional rulings and emotion and not allow Jack the chance to present the evidence that cleared his name in 1957 goes against our constitutional rights , " she said . Testimony lasted little more than a week at McCullough 's trial , which was decided by a judge brought in from a neighboring county . For the most part , the appeal focused on Judge James Hallock 's pretrial rulings regarding what evidence to allow and what evidence to exclude . Hallock used an exception to the hearsay rule to let McCullough 's sisters testify about a deathbed statement by their mother but excluded as hearsay police and FBI reports from the 1957 kidnapping investigation . He also excluded a Sycamore police detective 's investigation during the mid-1990s that concluded that another man , now deceased , committed the crime . "  In a court with murder charges at issue , the law demands more than nostalgia , " state appellate defender Paul Glaser wrote . "  It demands proof beyond a reasonable doubt . " Glaser did not represent McCullough at his trial ; he was appointed by the state to handle his appeal . The appeal noted that prosecutors "  took great effort to describe the gentle , small-town nature of Sycamore , Illinois , in 1957 . " It was a time and place where the abduction and murder of a child playing in the season 's first snow "  was a shocking , defining and tragic event , " the appeal said , but criminal responsibility for kidnapping , child abduction and murder "  needed to be proven to competent evidence . " In this case , the appeal stated , the evidence presented against McCullough "  woefully failed to rise to the level of proof necessary to sustain his conviction . " The appeal criticized Hallock 's rulings as a "  gross abuse of discretion " that prevented McCullough from receiving a fair trial . Hallock declined to comment on the case , citing Illinois ' code of judicial conduct . McCullough 's appellate lawyers focused their attack on a hospital bed accusation by his sedated , dying mother that prompted Illinois State Police to reopen their investigation . The defense has long argued that it should never have been disclosed in court . McCullough 's sisters testified that their mother told them "  John did it " or "  he did it " but gave contradicting testimony on what she meant by "  it . " Eileen Tessier , who was in the end stages of cancer , was sedated , "  emotionally disturbed , " sometimes "  basically comatose " and at other times "  pleasantly confused , " the testimony showed . Prosecutors persuaded Hallock to allow the statement under a hearsay exception , arguing that Tessier could have faced obstruction of justice charges herself for covering up for her son all those years . But the appellate lawyers countered that criminal charges were n't a realistic possibility for a terminally ill woman . "  Instead the statement was an out-of-court accusation , " the appeal stated , "  the admission of which should have been strictly forbidden . " Kathy Sigman Chapman was the prosecution 's star witness and the last person to see Maria alive , besides the killer . Chapman , who was 8 at the time her friend vanished , was shown hundreds if not thousands of photographs as a child but did n't identify the stranger who called himself "  Johnny " until 53 years after the crime . She was in her 60s and living in a neighboring city when an Illinois State Police detective knocked on her door and showed her a group of photographs . She picked one she had not seen before -- a recropped prom photo showing 17-year-old John Tessier , as McCullough was then known -- and identified him as the young man who gave Maria a piggyback ride minutes before she vanished . She also identified the photograph in court , but the appeal asserts that the appearance of the man in the photo differs from the description she gave in court of the man she saw on the street corner . Three jailhouse informants testified about conversations they said they had with McCullough while he was awaiting trial . They gave varying accounts of how he described killing her : with a wire , strangling her with his hands or dropping her on her head . The informants and several police detectives from Seattle , where McCullough was initially questioned and arrested , also testified about odd statements he made about Maria Ridulph . They said he described her as "  lovely , " with big brown eyes and "  like a little Barbie doll . " While the appeal referred to those statements and vivid descriptions of a little girl he knew 50 years ago as "  innocuous , " others have described them as unsettling , even "  creepy . " Given the circumstantial nature of the prosecution 's case , the appeal asserted , the defense should have been able to expect some leeway . But , court papers say , the judge 's pretrial rulings prevented McCullough from presenting his defense . He was unable to call a witness , former Sycamore police detective Patrick Solar , who concluded during the mid-1990s that another man committed the crime . And he was not permitted to present police and FBI reports from the 1957 kidnapping investigation that indicated he was questioned and cleared from the list of suspects because he had an alibi . The reports indicated that McCullough spoke with military recruiters in Rockford , about 40 miles away , about the time Maria was taken from the street corner in Sycamore . They also seemed to verify his story that he made a collect call home , asking for a ride . Phone records at the time , long since lost , indicated that a collect call was placed from a pay phone in Rockford to the Tessier family home in Sycamore at 6:57 p.m. by someone giving his name as "  John Tassier . " The call lasted two minutes . Illinois law does not allow police reports and other documents as a substitute for witness testimony at trials . But in this case , almost all of the FBI agents and police investigators had died , and McCullough 's defense sought to introduce the reports as "  ancient documents " or public records more than 20 years old . Hallock , the trial judge , rejected that argument . "  The judge 's decisions to prohibit Jack McCullough from introducing FBI records prepared at the time of the offense , despite their status as ancient documents and public records and their probative value in establishing Mr. McCullough 's alibi , and to prohibit Mr. McCullough from presenting testimony showing another man committed the offense , amounted to gross abuses of discretion denying Mr. McCullough his fundamental right to present a defense , " the appeal stated . By blocking the defense while allowing prosecutors to introduce "  irrelevant , but highly prejudicial evidence , " the judge violated McCullough 's right to a fair trial , the appeal stated , before delivering a final salvo : "  No rational trier of fact would have found the defendant guilty . " Police get break in missing girls ' cold case from 1975 Arrest in 40-year-old murder case Four decades later , disappearance of 2 missing girls blamed on wreck	Man appeals murder , kidnapping convictions in country 's oldest cold case ever solved Jack McCullough was sentenced to life in 2012 for 1957 death of neighbor 's child Appeal challenges rulings that allowed dead mother 's accusation but blocked alibi Brief cites many of the issues raised by legal experts in CNN 's "  Taken " series
CNN  -- Henry Joseph Madden was a good student and track team member in high school , but he had a secret : He sometimes wore his mother 's pantyhose and underwear under his clothes . Dr. Jennifer Madden , a family physician , began her transition to being female at age 48 . "  I really wanted to be a girl so bad , and that was one way for me to satisfy those feelings , " Madden said . "  I always felt like someone was looking over my shoulder . " The desire to be female never went away . At age 48 , Madden confessed these feelings to a doctor , and started seeing a gender therapist who suggested Madden was transgendered . Through reconstructive surgeries , electrolysis , laser procedures and voice lessons , Henry Joseph became Jennifer Elizabeth , known as Jenny . She is a practicing family physician in Nashua , New Hampshire . Watch Jenny 's story " Chastity Bono , child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono , announced Thursday the beginning of a transition from female to a male . While still relatively rare -- one advocate estimates that 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered -- the idea of changing gender identity has become more widespread in recent years . The term "  LGBT "  Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender  is more commonly recognized , and transgendered people have been portrayed in the 1999 film "  Boys Do n't Cry " as well as the 2002 book "  Middlesex " by Jeffrey Eugenides . Many people who have transitioned , including Madden , say they knew they had been born into the wrong gender from childhood . As early as age 3 , Dr. Julie Praus , born male , did n't understand why her father wanted to play catch . As a boy , Praus learned how to fish and hunt , but enjoyed collecting Depression-era glassware vases . Praus , 48 , a psychiatrist in Brattleboro , Vermont , started living as a woman in March 2008 . "  I get up every morning and say , ` Wow , I can actually look at myself in the mirror , ' because I 've never been able to do that in my life , because what would stare back at me was not me , " Praus said . iReport.com : Share your story of gender change Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity , but no one has determined what in the biological makeup determines that gender . The interactions between personality and culture also contribute to identity , said Chris Kraft , clinical director at the Johns Hopkins Sexual Behaviors Consultation Unit . The process of changing genders For people who want a gender change on a biological level , the first step is therapy , experts say . Dr. Gary Alter , a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills , California , said patients do n't come to him until they 've been in therapy , a process that can take as much as a year . A therapist then gives a physician approval to start the patient on hormone treatment . At that point , the patient may or may not start living as the chosen sex , Alter said . Females seeking to transition into males may elect to have their breasts removed via surgery . With testosterone , they will grow hair on their face and chest after about two years . Read one man 's female-to-male advice to Chaz Bono A higher percentage of males transitioning to females will go forward with genital surgery than females going to males , Alter said . Surgical methods for creating a penis -- which range from making one out of the clitoris to using the skin from the forearms -- are "  not perfect , " and many patients are happy with just chest surgery , he said . Genital surgeries for creating female genitalia are better , he said . Alter 's method is to make a clitoris out of the head of the penis , and make space for a vagina . Facing the rest of the world It is rare for people to undergo a gender transition and then want to reverse it , especially when surgery is involved , experts say . Some say changing genders is one of the best things they 've done , like Jamison Green , 60 , author of "  Becoming a Visible Man , " who went through chest reconstruction and genital surgery . "  I do n't have too hard of a time telling people about it , " Green said . "  I worried about that a lot in the beginning , before there was any kind of community and support about this condition , but one of the things I learned early on was that living in fear and shame is not very healthy . " Green , who started his transition at age 40 , is now happily married to a woman whom he did not know before his change . Praus is also married to a woman , who knew her before her transition . Madden has a boyfriend . "  For the longest time , I really felt like I had a mental illness , and I do n't feel that way anymore , " Madden said . But all three have experienced shock and dismay from others around them . Green said his mother took five years to adjust . One of Praus ' sons does n't speak to her . Madden 's marriage to a woman ended in divorce during her transition , and her children have struggled . Yet these three transgendered individuals say they feel better in many ways in their chosen gender roles . "  My patients say I 'm a better doctor , " Praus said . "  Some of it is that I 'm not exerting so much energy hiding myself . " Psychologists recommend that people who change genders adopt a "  transgendered identity , " and not keep their history of transition a secret . But some who "  pass " as their new genders do n't want to risk stigma , and tell only people closest to them , Kraft said . Often , males who transition to females face more problems than females who become males , Kraft said . Transgendered individuals who start as men tend to face more stigma , particularly if they are more noticeably transgendered . Transgendered individuals do face some legal quandaries . Some states require people to show proof of a medical procedure before changing gender on documents such as driver 's licenses , while others require that the person has taken hormones , Kraft said . People may also elect to change their birth certificates to reflect chosen gender . Chastity Bono , who now goes by "  Chaz , " has been a prominent gay-rights activist . "  You could speculate that that could make it more complicated -- when you 're a public figure -- to take on something stigmatizing " such as a gender transition , Kraft said .	Estimate : 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the American population is transgendered Doctors speculate that there is a biological foundation to gender identity People rarely undergo gender-reassignment surgery and then want to reverse it
CNN  -- A preliminary autopsy Thursday did not reveal any identifying information on remains found on the bank of a river , less than 30 miles from the homes of two missing Illinois women . Partial skeletal remains were found on the south bank of the Des Plaines River near Channahon , Illinois . The "  partial skeletal remains " were found on the south bank of the Des Plaines River near Channahon , Illinois , according to Will County Coroner Patrick O'Neil 's office . A statement issued by O'Neil 's office said a forensic examination was inconclusive as to identity , race or sex of the body parts , which consisted of a rib cage , spinal column and partial left and right femur bones . A marine cleanup crew , which discovered the remains Wednesday , also found shreds of blue jeans and a small amount of money . The Illinois State Police Forensic Crime Laboratory is expediting a DNA analysis , which will take at least two weeks , the statement said . Illinois State Police were on the scene Thursday conducting additional searches , said spokesman Sgt. Tom Burek . On Sunday , Michelle Williams found a blue barrel in Channahon , Illinois , along the river and called police . Watch Williams describe her grisly find " Channahon is 20 miles from Bolingbrook , Illinois , where Stacy Peterson lived with her husband , former police officer Drew Peterson . The former officer 's stepbrother told police he helped Drew Peterson move a heavy blue barrel shortly after his wife 's disappearance police uncover skeletal remains " Williams said she did n't initially make any connection regarding the barrel , but she did call police . "  It was n't until yesterday afternoon when the news broke that there had been skeletal remains washing up on shore and that far away from the blue barrel , I had a sick feeling to my stomach when I heard that , " Williams told CNN 's Nancy Grace . Stacy Peterson disappeared in October 2007 . Her husband has been named a suspect in her disappearance , but he has maintained his innocence , saying she left him for another man . Stacy Peterson , 23 when she was last seen , was Drew Peterson 's fourth wife . This month , Drew Peterson , 55 , was indicted on murder charges in the 2004 death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio , while the two were in the midst of a nasty divorce . He has pleaded not guilty . Savio 's death was originally deemed an accident , but authorities took a second look at the case after Stacy Peterson 's disappearance . Channahon is also 15 miles from Plainfield , Illinois , where Lisa Stebic was last seen in April 2007 . On the day she went missing , she petitioned a court to have her husband , Craig , evicted from their Plainfield home . Craig Stebic told police he was working in the backyard when his 37-year-old wife left home about 6 p.m. , taking her cell phone and purse . Authorities have said they believe that Lisa Stebic was the victim of foul play and have named Craig Stebic a suspect . CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Rib cage , spinal column and partial left femur bones among body parts found NEW : Autopsy inconclusive as to identity of remains ; DNA testing to take two weeks Remains found on south bank of Des Plaines River Area is near homes of Stacy Peterson , Lisa Stebic
CNN  -- Moments after crossing the line , the new marathon world record holder Wilson Kipsang had just one thought on his mind -- "  I can run faster " . The Kenyan athlete smashed the record for the 26.2 mile slog by a huge 15 seconds on the streets of the German capital of Berlin . Kipsang set a new mark of two hours , three minutes and 23 seconds Sunday to beat the time set by his compatriot Patrick Makau on the same course two years ago . "  This is a dream come true , " said Kipsang , who won the bronze medal in the men 's marathon at the 2012 London Olympic Games . "  I was feeling strong so I decided to push . I 'm very happy that I 've won and at breaking the world record . "  There was a lot of wind , I was really fighting . I still think I have the potential to run faster - anything under 2:03.23 would do . " Kipsang was born in Kenya 's Keiyo District , an area popular for high altitude training , but it was on the fast streets of Berlin that he achieved his lifelong ambition . His marathon world record was the ninth set in the German capital and the eighth over the marathon course in the last 15 years . In the women 's marathon in Berlin , there was more Kenyan success as Florence Kiplagat took the tape ahead of Sharon Cherop .	Wilson Kipsang breaks the men 's marathon world record by 15 seconds The Kenyan set a new world record of 2.03.23 to win the Berlin marathon Kipsang now believes he has "  the potential to run faster "
