Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- President Barack Obama warned North Korea Sunday that if it moves forward with a planned test-firing of a long-range missile , it will further deepen its isolation , damage relations with its neighbors and face additional sanctions that have already strangled the country . "  North Korea will achieve nothing by threats or provocations , " Obama said during a news conference in Seoul , South Korea , on the eve of an international nuclear security summit . "  North Korea knows its obligation . " Obama 's strong words follow last week 's announcement by North Korea that it is planning to carry out a rocket-powered satellite launch in April . The issue is overshadowing message of international cooperation for the summit , which is bringing together top officials from 54 countries including China and Russia . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said during the news conference that he considers the launch a direct violation of a U.N. Security Council resolution that bans the testing of the technology being used in the rocket-powered satellite . South Korea has said it considers the satellite launch an attempt to develop a nuclear-armed missile , while the United States has warned the move would jeopardize a food-aid agreement reached with Pyongyang in early March . "  Bad behavior will not be rewarded , " Obama said . North Korea says it has a right to a peaceful space program and has invited international space experts and journalists to witness the launch . A spokesman from the Secretariat of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea denounced the South for working to turn the summit "  into a platform for  an  international smear campaign " against the North , according to North Korea 's state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . Pyongyang announced this month it would carry out a "  satellite launch " in mid-April to commemorate the centenary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the country 's founder . Using ballistic missile technology , however , is in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1874 and against a deal struck with the United States earlier this month that it would not carry out nuclear or missile tests in return for food aid . In North Korea , a brutal choice Pyongyang has said it will see any critical statement of its nuclear program as "  a declaration of war . " Prior to the news conference , Obama made his first visit to the demilitarized zone that splits the Korean peninsula . Obama peered through binoculars into North Korea where flags flew at half-staff to mark the 100-day anniversary of the death of Kim Jong Il . "  It 's like you are in a time warp . It 's like you are looking across 50 years into a country that has missed 40 or 50 years of progress , " Obama said during the news conference . The president said the real consequence for North Korea , should it go through with the launch , is that the country 's leaders will miss an opportunity "  to take a different path than the one they have been taking . " "  I hope that at some point the North Koreans make the decision that it is in their interests to figure out how to feed their people and improve their economy rather than have big parades where they show off weapons , " Obama said . From propaganda to pop artist The purpose of Obama 's visit to the demilitarized zone was to meet with some of the 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea . "  When you think about the transformation that has taken place in South Korea during my lifetime , it is directly attributable to this long line of soldiers , sailors , airmen , Marines , Coast Guardsmen who were willing to create the space and the opportunity for freedom and prosperity , " Obama told troops at a base near the DMZ . It was Obama 's first trip to the demilitarized zone , though he has made two previous trips to South Korea as president . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton paid a visit to the area in 2010 . Across the border on Sunday , North Koreans were mourning the death of Kim . Kim 's son , who took over from his father following his death in December , and senior party officials visited the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun in Pyongyang to observe a moment of silence , said North Korea 's state-run Korean Central News Agency  KCNA  . The palace serves as the burial site for Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea , and his son , Kim , who succeeded him as the country 's ruler . Obama said he had not been able to assess the new leader of North Korea , saying "  It 's not clear exactly who is calling the shots and what their long-term objectives are . " Seoul 's nuclear summit will be the second after Obama hosted the first meeting in Washington in 2010 . He initiated the biennial summit after presenting his vision of a nuclear-free world in Prague in April 2009 . The official agenda will deal with nuclear terrorism and how to secure the world 's nuclear material . Obama 's visit comes virtually two years to the day after the sinking of the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , which left 46 sailors dead . South Korea says a North Korean torpedo attack was to blame for the ship 's sinking . The North has denied the accusation . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Shruti Pant , Jethro Mullen and Bob Kovach contributed to this report .	NEW : "  North Korea will achieve nothing by threats , " President Obama says NEW : Obama says North Korea 's "  bad behavior " will not be rewarded NEW : Obama makes his first trip to the Korean Demilitarized Zone The president is in South Korea for an international nuclear summit
CNN  -- Officials warned Wednesday that the bridge linking the California cities of San Francisco and Oakland will likely remain closed Thursday morning , promising more delays for Bay Area commuters . That work is intended to dampen vibration on the structure . Vibration may have played a role in causing pieces of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge to fall Tuesday night from the span onto the roadway , resulting in its closure . The 73-year-old bridge spans the San Francisco Bay and carries an average 280,000 vehicles daily , according to the state 's Transportation Department . "  Right now , we do not have a time when the bridge will potentially open , " said Bart Ney , a spokesman for California Department of Transportation . "  The work has to be completed first . " Once the new steel is in place and the rods have been made tense , at least three hours of testing will be carried out before the bridge will reopen to vehicular traffic , Ney said , refusing to speculate on when that might occur . "  The first thing that I would say to motorists is that you need to be at this point planning other routes over the next day or so , " he said . The Federal Highway Administration and the Seismic Peer Review Board are scrutinizing the repair plans , he said . Wednesday 's commute was a horror show for many . "  My wife actually drives over to the peninsula ; she says it 's taken her two hours to get to work so far and she 's not there yet , " commuter Seth Carp told CNN affiliate KTVU as he prepared to board a Bay Area Rapid Transit train . "  I tried to take the Golden Gate Bridge , " said a woman who identified herself only as Yemi . "  It was a big mistake . " She gave up and wound up taking BART . "  It was back-to-back bumper , there were rows of cars everywhere , " said Christina Chou , who lives in Foster City near the San Mateo Bridge , which served as an alternate route for many . "  It was just horrible . " Ridership increased on ferries , too , with some people finding a silver lining to the snafu . "  I have been looking for an opportunity to go across the bay in the ferry , " said Jack Pierce of Oakland . "  I 'm sorry the cable parted , but I am glad to get the opportunity . " Ney said wind gusts of up to 50 mph slowed repair efforts on Tuesday , but the winds had diminished by Wednesday evening . Winds increased vibration by the rods that were fatigued and ultimately failed , he said . "  It was a contributing factor , but not necessarily the only factor , and we are analyzing what the factors are right now , " he said . Travelers flocked to BART , which ran longer trains and extra trains . The rail line was on track to exceed its peak ridership of 405,000 in a single day , said BART spokesman Linton Johnson . Were you there ? Send photos and video "  We have called in extra personnel to help us make sure we operate with every available train car we have in order to provide as much capacity as possible , " said BART 's assistant general manager of operations , Paul Oversier . Amtrak was running a shuttle between the San Francisco and Martinez stations for Coast Starlight and California Zephyr passengers . The pieces that fell -- a cross beam and tie rods -- came from the same section that was repaired in September over Labor Day weekend , when crews worked almost around the clock to fix a crack in the span . A 50-foot section of the bridge collapsed in 1989 during the Loma Prieta earthquake , killing one person and prompting efforts to make it quake-tolerant . The whole Bay Bridge is slated to be replaced in 2013 , said Patrick Siegman , a transportation planner at Nelson Nygaard Consulting Associates , a national transportation planning firm based in San Francisco . The bridge is "  really showing its age , " he said . "  It 's kind of a race against time to finish the new bridge before the next quake hits . "	San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge closes after parts of it fall to roadway Repair work ongoing , but there 's no word when bridge will reopen Travelers flock to public transit , including trains and ferries Repairs aim to stop vibration , which may have caused the problem
CNN  -- A 10-year-old Colorado girl reported missing one week ago is dead , police said Friday , spurring a manhunt for the person who killed her . Westminster Police Chief Lee Birk told reporters that a body found earlier this week "  has been positively identified " as that of Jessica Ridgeway . "  Our focus has changed from a search for Jessica to a mission of justice for Jessica , " Birk said . Jessica was last seen by her mother as she left for school October 5 . Authorities then issued a statewide Amber Alert for the girl . On Sunday , a man in a subdivision in Superior discovered Jessica 's backpack outside his house about 7 miles from the girl 's hometown of Westminster , said Westminster Police Investigator Trevor Materasso . Both towns are along the Denver-Boulder Turnpike . A body -- which was "  not intact , " according to police -- was found Wednesday at a park in Arvada , a Denver suburb just five miles from Westminster . The body was identified Friday as that of Jessica . With that news , Birk acknowledged that authorities "  recognize that there is a predator at large in our community . " "  We are doing everything within our power to apprehend that individual , " he said . Hundreds of volunteers had searched fields and streets , posted fliers and canvassed neighborhoods since news broke of the girl 's disappearance . Hundreds of local , state and federal law enforcement officers have also been working the case , according to Birk . As of Friday , authorities had searched more than 500 homes and 1,000 vehicles , responded to more than 1,500 tips and "  covered thoroughly more than 800 leads , " said Jim Yacone , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Denver office . "  Open space and water searches by both law enforcement , the Westminster Fire Department and many hundreds of volunteers have been extensive , and they will continue , " Yacone told reporters Friday . HLN : FBI lists possible behavioral traits of abductor	NEW : "  Our focus has changed from a search for Jessica to a mission of justice , " police say A body found Wednesday has been identified as that of young Jessica Ridgeway A police chief says that authorities "  recognize that there is a predator at large "
CNN  -- Brazil might be the biggest country most of the world does n't know a whole heckuva a lot about . This is beginning to change as financial fortunes for some have soared in recent years , helping lift some 50 % of the country into the middle class . Of this figure , 40 million were added to the middle class between 2004 and 2010 , under the government of President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva . But success has n't come without problems . The mass June demonstrations over chronic economic disparity and dissatisfaction with the federal government united poor and middle classes alike , exposing a troubling social reality . Still , if there 's one thing Brazil is known for worldwide it 's a gregarious and energetic population . World 's coolest nationalities : Where do Brazilians rank ? Now that Brazil will be hosting the World Cup next year and the Olympics in 2016  massive public expenditures that many here deeply oppose  , it 's time for a crash course in all things Brazilian . There are no introverts in Brazil Or at least none you can find without a private detective . It 's a vivacious culture that can bring you out of your shell , help you unwind and have the best time of your life . It can also jack up the decibel count . Brazilians like to express themselves and do n't have many restraints on the volume with which they do it . That goes not just for conversation , but car horns , TV pitchmen and sound trucks blasting advertisements through the neighborhood from 16 speakers . English is n't spoken widely As Portuguese speakers on a Spanish continent far from the English-speaking world , Brazilians have been a linguistic universe unto themselves . Not many Brazilians speak English , particularly outside Rio de Janeiro or Sao Paulo . They 've seen all the American movies and know all the Adele songs , but the premium has traditionally been on getting a good education in Portuguese , still difficult in a land where education is far down the list of priorities . Brazilians are hospitable , though , and most will figure out a way to communicate . It 's helpful to come prepared with a good phrasebook . Key phrases to master : Todo bom ?  How are you ? All good ?  , Eu nao entendo  I do n't understand  and futebol  you 'd better know this by now  . If all else fails , go with the all-purpose Brazilian sign that everything is cool : stick both thumbs in the air and pump them up and down . Ahead of the Brazil World Cup , free English classes planned for prostitutes The juice bars are amazing Maybe because they 're surrounded by so many varieties of exotic fruits the rest of us have never heard of -- caju , camu-camu , pitanga -- Brazilians are experts in the creation of especially tasty fruit drinks , or sucos . Just about every other street in Rio has a juice bar . Even delicatessens whip up outstanding juices and smoothies , such as graviola , which comes from the spiky , green graviola fruit . It 's a great thirst quencher on a hot day , subtle , not overly sweet , a kind of natural Squirt -- it 's also a good digestive aid . The Brazilian banana is the tastiest in the world , far superior to the bland Central American version  say Brazilians  , and it makes for super savory drinks . Brazil is an outdoor world From the sidewalk cafes of Rio , to backyard barbecues , to beaches up and down the long coast , to the wild interior , Brazil is a place to be outside . Brazilians revel in an outdoor culture , as befits a tropical land , and they have world-class natural environments to play in . Beaches , jungles , waterfalls -- it 's here , often on an epic scale . One of the largest wetlands in the world , the Pantanal , spans 70,000 square miles in southwestern Brazil . It 's home to a thousand species of birds and 300 different mammals , from the South American tapir to jaguar . For scale , it 's hard to match the immensity of the Amazon rainforest , the largest in the world , or the power of Iguazu Falls , which is the second widest and in volume in the world . Brazil 's Northeast Coast : The next tropical paradise There 's an enormous gap between rich and poor In world rankings for the gap between rich and poor , Brazil has the 11th biggest gulf , coming in after a group of impoverished African countries . Even though living standards have risen over the last decade and a number of Brazilians have entered the middle class , there 's still a huge chunk of the population living day to day . Some 6 % of Brazilians live in the favelas  slums  , according to the 2010 census . These mountains of bricks , rising in intricate forms , border the country 's largest cities like Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro . Hospitals , schools , security and an end to police abuse have been the principle demands of recent protestors from this social sector . Combine this with drug problems and crime syndicates infamous in the favelas , and you have a massive crime problem . Tourists are n't usually the targets , but it 's smart to do what you would in any place where safety is a concern . Stay in a safe area , do n't carry more money on you than you can afford to lose , keep your valuables in the hotel safe , use taxis vetted by your hotel , do n't take van taxis and make sure you know what part of town you 're in at night . One of its biggest cities is in the middle of the Amazon The seventh largest city in Brazil sits halfway up the Amazon River , where the Rio Negro intersects the great river . An obscure outpost home to rubber barons in the 19th century , today it 's an industrial titan of 2 million residents that produces goods from mobile phones to motorcycles to CDs . Why make products as far away from the point of sale as you can get in Brazil ? Tax incentives . The Free Economic Zone of Manaus was created to spur economic growth in the isolated Amazon region . It 's cheaper to make some products in the Amazon than other parts of the country , where taxes are legendary . Today , the city of Manaus has gleaming office buildings and modern factories and is growing faster than many other parts of the country . The docks of the Rio Negro still show vestiges of an older way of life -- double-decker ferryboats that carry people and products up and down the two behemoth rivers . Parties are important Brazilians produce two of the biggest bashes the world has known in Carnival and the New Year 's Reveillon celebration . But the festivities continue throughout the year , thanks to an abundance of regional celebrations , cities that promote the arts and a stockpile of religious holidays . In Rio de Janeiro , the city puts on free music fests , with top bands performing on stages across the city , while in Recife , at the city 's outdoor concert stage across the street from the beach , free concerts range from rock to forro to an event featuring every drummer with a drum kit in the city , more than 100 of them playing in unison . The Northeast of Brazil has a lot of festivals . The Bumba Meu Boi festivals in Sao Luis , in the northeast state of Maranhao in July mix the folkloric traditions of Africa , indigenous Indian and Europe together into a party unlike any other in Brazil . It 's Carnival time in Rio Rhythm is king The Brazilian knack for improvising on any musical theme makes this country unrivaled in the quantity and quality of different musical rhythms and styles . The outside world knows bossa nova , a slowed-down samba mixed with American jazz and French impressionism ; and samba , a blend of African drum circles and European marches . But Brazil dances to the beat of many different drummers , reflecting its diverse population . The top Afro-Brazilian styles range from afoxe , ceremonial soundtrack for the religious processions of candomble , to lundu , maracatu , axe , ijexa , and frevo , the latter of which comes with a feverishly playful dance . Keeping track of all the different beats has made Brazilian percussion the most sophisticated in the world , with a slew of drum instruments found nowhere else , such as the comical cuica , which sounds like a dog in heat . The Northeast of Brazil has its own country-style beats -- embolada , baio , xote and forro , which is also a hugely popular dance in Brazil . The rural folk music of the south gave rise to musica sertaneja , a romantic ballad style that is the most popular music in the country today . Kissing strangers is customary Getting to know people in Brazil is a fast-track process . Since they do n't place much stock in personal space , Brazilians have an easier time of breaking through the emotional space , too . It 's customary for a male introduced to an adult female to provide a kiss on both cheeks -- and on leaving , too . A day heavy in meet-and-greets can lead to a lot of cheek nuzzling , which for some makes Brazil a wonderful thing and for others a place of more colds and flus . Body language is as important as Portuguese here . Guys are n't afraid to put an arm around another male to emphasize a point . Placing a hand on a shoulder or providing a robust bear hug and a salvo of air kisses is part of an intricate social dance that results in a welcoming vibe for travelers . Piranha wo n't eat you if you fall in an Amazon river It 's burned indelibly into every movie fan 's mind -- the fiendish feeding frenzy of piranha stripping a human down to dental work . It turns out these pint-sized demons are n't nearly the sociopaths they 're cracked up to be . Piranha live in the major river basins of South America , and the Amazon tributaries of Brazil are well-stocked with them . They do have nasty choppers that bite Brazilians swimming in rivers , but they do n't strip them to the bone . Some trace the origin of that legend to a visit by early 20th-century President Teddy Roosevelt . Locals blocked off a river and filled it with starving piranha , and then tossed in a cow to guarantee a good show for the President . It set off the famous piranha swarm , embellished later by newsreel and movie makers . Taming the piranha and busting myths in the Amazon	Brazil produces two of world 's biggest bashes in Carnival and New Year 's Reveillon One of the larger cities in Brazil sits halfway up the Amazon River In world rankings for gap between rich and poor , Brazil has the 11th largest gulf
CNN  -- He had a rough life during the Ice Age , walking around with a couple of broken ribs and a possibly cancerous lesion on his jaw before dying at a young age . Assistant lab supervisor Trevor Valle discusses the teeth and lower jaw of Columbian mammoth fossil "  Zed . " Now , at least 10,000 years later , visitors in Los Angeles can see the remains of "  Zed , " a Columbian mammoth whose nearly intact skeleton is part of what is being described as a key find by paleontologists at Los Angeles ' George C. Page Museum . Zed was discovered at a construction site in the heart of Los Angeles . An earth mover helping to build an underground parking garage near the L.A. County Museum of Art uncovered the mammoth 's skull , according to project director Christopher Shaw . "  The skull was hit and shaved off ... by a scraper , " Shaw told CNN Thursday . "  We do n't know just how smashed up it is , but it 's fairly intact because it 's a huge jacket we put it around . " The mammoth 's fossil was found along with 16 other deposits at the site that paleontologists "  tree-boxed " along with the surrounding dirt , creating 23 massive crates weighing between 5 and 53 tons that were then lifted out intact . Zed 's remains were encased in a plaster jacket . The construction was being monitored by a consulting firm because the site is so close to the La Brea tar pits -- a site that has yielded between 3 million and 4 million fossilized bones . Construction on the parking garage began in 2006 but it took two more years for all the recovered materials to be handed over to researchers at the Page Museum , who began analyzing the various fossils in June , Shaw said . "  It 's very exciting for us because each one of these ... could be different ages in the past 10,000 to 45,000 years , " Shaw said . John Harris , the head curator of the Page Museum , publicly announced the finding of "  a whole new treasure trove of fossils " on Wednesday . He described it as "  the most important discovery " for the museum "  of the last 90 years . " Shaw said the announcement was made to "  create interest " in the museum 's discovery . Among the most interesting items is likely to be Zed , who is believed to have died in his late 40s . Mammoths are thought to have had an average lifespan of about 60 years . Not all of Zed 's remains have been cleaned off and analyzed . "  Right now we have opened the plaster jacket of four sections that were excavated , including vertebrae and ribs and pelvis , one tusk and the lower jaw , " Shaw said . "  It will take another six to 12 months to open everything . " Shaw said both of Zed 's tusks were found intact , which is very rare . "  Previously , we 've found mammoths but the tusk material was very poorly preserved , " Shaw said . "  It 's very exciting to us to have these two complete , beautifully preserved tusks . " The excitement generated by Zed and the rest of the paleontological find could help boost the Page Museum 's attendance and funding , which is key as many museums are seeing their attendance dry up during the recession . "  The cleaning of Zed can be viewed inside the museum inside the ` fishbowl ' -- a windowed area -- as parts of his bones are being cleaned , " Shaw said . "  So people come to see us and we 've constructed small exhibits . It will attract a lot of people and that will help our funding situation . " Researchers hope to have the entire skeleton on display by next year . Shaw said it is unique to have such a major fossil find in the heart of an urban center like Los Angeles . "  I 've always said we 're kind of spoiled here in Rancho La Brea , " he said . "  It 's not like going to the Gobi Desert where you ca n't take a shower for weeks . " While the process of cleaning and analyzing the fossils is very intricate and time consuming , Shaw said it is a rare experience for researchers to come in to work and not know what they will discover that day . "  Every day we come to work , we 're uncovering things that have n't seen the light of day for 40,000 years , " he said . "  It 's an exciting thing that we 're doing just that . "	Nearly intact skeleton of mammoth found at Los Angeles construction site Columbian mammoth 's skeleton was unearthed near the La Brea tar pits Discovery called the museum 's most important in almost a century Both of mammoth 's tusks were discovered intact -- a rare occurrence
InStyle.com  -- Check out these seven truly amazing destinations and plan the best place for your great escape . The Farm at Cape Kidnappers in New Zealand is the best place for an adrenaline rush . GIRL 'S GETAWAY : Ojai Valley Inn & Spa -- Ojai , California Why it 's great : This Spanish Colonial hideaway offers 308 rooms -- many with fireplaces and private terraces with mountain views .  No wonder Kate Walsh celebrated her wedding here . What to do : Activities range from hiking and horseback riding to the more esoteric  take a watercolor class or customize your own massage oil .  Watch what stars pack for trips " Bring it back : Honey lip balm from a local bee farm ; pixie tangerines  some of the sweetest fruits in this valley  . Book it : ojairesort.com HIP SIGHTSEEING : Haymarket Hotel -- London , UK Why it 's great : Haymarket manages to capture the cool , contemporary buzz of today 's London to a tee . It 's where Posh and Becks stay when they cross the pond and where Jude Law drops by for dinner . All 50 guest rooms are spacious and done in a bold color scheme . What to do : Shop at OG2 the new shop from of-the-moment designer Duro Olowu , whose vintage prints draw clients like Sienna Miller ; visit Eco , a Green store opened by Colin Firth in Chiswick ; or head to the Fashion and Textile Museum , spearheaded by designer Zandra Rhodes . For London 's hottest new table , return to Haymarket 's Brumus . Bring it back : Blue-suede weekend bag at Conran ; new Lulu Guinness jewelry collection  we love the glamour-girl charm  ; colorful candles or twist tumblers from Nina Campbell . Book it : firmdale.com SHOPPING SPREE : Villa Mangiacane -- Tuscany , Italy Why it 's great : You 'll feel as if you stumbled onto a Bernardo Bertolucci set at this retreat , with its sculpture garden and gnarled olive grove . The 26 guest rooms are located in two villas , but romantics should stay in the 16th-century main villa , whose loggia is decorated with historic frescoes . You can request to have dinner in a new spot each night  try the dreamy vineyard  . What to do : Florence is a short drive away -- spend the day shopping at the city 's hottest fashion emporium , Luisa via Roma , and Loretta Caponi for exquisite lingerie , then head to the roof of Hotel Continentale , where the Ferragamos go for sunset cocktails . Bring it back : In Florence , find hand-finished leather gloves from the family-run Madova shop ; soaps from the historic Santa Maria Novella pharmacy ; a bottle of Mangiacane wine  the property produces Merlot and Chianti  . Book it : steinhotels.com/mangiacane LAZY BEACH TIME : Rosewood Mayakoba , Mexico Why it 's great : Located on the super-hot Riviera Maya , which has drawn the likes of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes , Rosewood Mayakoba has 128 suites , which are actually freestanding villas with luminous bathrooms and private plunge pools . It 's also eco-minded : Building materials are indigenous , and guests can navigate the property 's network of freshwater canals via electric boats . What to do : Visit the Mayan ruins of Tulum ; have dinner in the beach town of Playa del Carmen  try the hip Glass Bar / Di Vino  ; snorkel in underwater caves  cenotes  ; or book a treatment at the Rosewood 's spa , which occupies its own little island . Bring it back : A string hammock from Tulum for lounging ; beauty products , like scented candles and linen spray , made with local ingredients , such as tropical wood and coconut , from chic eco-retreat  Coqui Coqui  . Book it : rosewoodmayakoba.com COZY WEEKEND : Winvian -- Morris , Connecticut Why it 's great : When it comes to throwing the ultimate weekend get-together , this new 113-acre resort is the place . The heart of the property is a restored colonial farmhouse , filled with antiques , but guests stay in 18 lavish cottages -- each boasting a unique design scheme and at least one open fireplace . One pick : Stable , a duplex with a sunken bathtub . What to do : Plenty of outdoor activities , like hiking and antiquing , but you may want to stick close to Winvian 's spa  facials with top U.K. aesthetician Eve Lom 's products  and fabulous restaurant  the chef trained under Alain Ducasse  . Bring it back : Furniture from the historic town of Woodbury  once home to American antiques dealer Wayne Pratt  ; a first edition from a nearby antiquarian book dealer , like Nutmeg Books in Torrington ; maple syrup tapped at a local farm . Book it : winvian.com ADRENALINE RUSH : The Farm at Cape Kidnappers , New Zealand Why it 's great : This luxe lodge is situated on a 6,000-acre sheep and cattle farm in Hawke 's Bay , one of the country 's premier wine regions . It offers 24 suites , spread among several cottages  all have private decks with sweeping views  . What to do : There 's no end to the activities , whether you love the beach  surfing  or the countryside  hiking  . Ask the lodge to arrange sporting expeditions with an expert guide , a helicopter excursion , or a trip to local wineries . And do n't miss the stunning seaside golf course , designed to make the most of the natural topography . Bring it back : Sheepskin slippers  locally made from merino wool  ; a bottle of sauvignon blanc  Hawke 's Bay is known for it  . Book it : capekidnappers.com SURFING AND SAMBA : Fasano -- Rio de Janeiro , Brazil Why it 's great : Rio tops current hot lists , and there 's no better place to soak up the vibe than at the new Fasano . Located in a prime spot overlooking Ipanema beach , the hotel has 82 rooms , ten suites and three mini apartments -- all designed by Philippe Starck -- and boasts a 1950s bossa-nova ambience . What to do : Sip Rio 's best caipirinhas , the national cocktail , at Club Chocolate ; spend a day at Posto 10  the city 's chicest beach  ; or for authentic samba music , head to Carioca a Gema  but never before 11 P.M.  . Bring it back : A teeny Isabel Capeto bikini and matching sarong ; a CD by Gilberto Gil ; loose Thai pants from the outdoor Ipanema hippie market . Book it : fasano.com.br E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2007 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	You can enjoy the same posh places as the stars Ojai Valley Inn & Spa in California is great for weekend getaway Learn to samba at Fasano in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil Shop your heart out in Villa Mangiacane in Tuscany , Italy
CNN  -- Juan Martin del Potro became the third man in the history of the Estoril Open to successfully defend his title after beating France 's Richard Gasquet in the final 6-4 , 6-2 Sunday . The Argentine started strongly , breaking Gasquet 's serve to love in the very first game before capitalizing on the Frenchman 's unforced errors . The second set started much like the first with Del Potro breaking Gasquet and polishing off the final in just 88 minutes . "  I felt I played well , really well , today , " Del Potro told the ATP 's official website . "  It was my best match of the week , so I am very glad for that to get another title in Estoril . "  I am getting closer and closer to my best form . I have worked really hard at home and now I have another important tournament next week to improve further . If I play as well as I did today over the coming days , I will be happy . " Gasquet was gracious in defeat . "  He played very well , he 's very powerful , has a great a service , a great forehand and backhand , " he conceded . "  He deserved this win ... It 's always disappointing to lose a final .  In other finals  I lost five times to Djokovic , Federer , now Del Potro . They were better than me . " Meanwhile Philipp Kohlschreiber won Munich 's ATP tournament on home soil after beating Croatia 's Marin Cilic in straight sets 7-6  10/8  , 6-3 . The 28-year-old is set to break in to the world top 25 after the win , the second time he has won the tournament in five years . "  It 's tough to find the words when you win your home tournament , " Kohlschreiber told the ATP 's official website . "  It 's an amazing feeling to win in front of my home fans . " Despite a tight opening exchange Cilic went down in straight sets , the second time he has been runner up here in two years . "  I had four or five set points in the first set . I felt the whole time I was trying to catch him . "  It 's unfortunate losing in the final for the second time , but I 'm happy with the week . I 'm going to put this final behind me and look forward to Madrid . " The clay court season now looks towards the start of the Madrid Open on Monday , which has caused controversy over its use of blue clay for the first time . World number one Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer will all appear .	Juan Martin del Potro wins the Estoril Open Beats Richard Gasquet 6-4 , 6-2 Philipp Kohlschreiber wins in Munich Focus shifts to Madrid , where blue clay will be used for first time
CNN  -- Barcelona stand-in coach Jordi Roura suffered another agonizing display on his competitive return to the stadium that effectively ended his playing career . Twenty-four years on from suffering a cruciate ligament injury while playing for Barcelona in the San Siro , that same old sinking feeling returned for a man holding the reins as regular coach Tito Vilanova undergoes medical treatment for a tumor in New York . Fielding a strong side against a Milan team that failed to beat the Spaniards in last season 's four European Champions League meetings , Barcelona lost the first leg of the last 16 clash 2-0 . After a tight first half , Kevin-Prince Boateng broke the deadlock after 56 minutes when drilling home from the edge of the box after a Riccardo Montolivo drive was deflected into his path . Nine minutes from time , fellow Ghanaian Sulley Muntari sealed Milan 's first Champions League win over Barca in 13 years after he stylishly finished off a sweeping move involving Stephan El Shaarawy and new signing M'Baye Niang . The victory was especially satisfying for the Milan hierarchy and club president Silvio Berlusconi , who may hope the unexpected win represents a good omen as the 76-year-old tries to return to office in this weekend 's Italian elections . Following last year 's comprehensive 3-1 aggregate defeat against Lionel Messi and colleagues in the Champions League quarterfinals , Milan overhauled their squad -- with Gennaro Gattuso , Clarence Seedorf , Alessandro Nesta and Zlatan Ibrahimovic among those moved on . A total of eleven players who took part in the 2012 clashes were sold , reducing the average age of the squad from 30 to 27 , and the team has slowly overcome a difficult bedding-in period to rise up to fourth in Serie A. Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri had spoken of the need before the game to find a way of blunting Barcelona 's attacking threat and his plan worked to perfection thanks to the on-field discipline of his players . "  We played as a team and we listened to our coach , " said Muntari , whose goal was his first ever in the Champions League . "  He did a fantastic job by setting us up us very well on the pitch -- and we were very disciplined and managed to close every angle . " CNN Football Club : Send in your questions for Ian Wright Even though Milan are seven-time European champions , their tally second only to the nine of Barcelona 's great rivals Real Madrid , exuberant celebrations spread out across the stadium as the four-time winners fell without scoring an away goal . Roura has never made any claims to wanting to be a permanent coach and he suffered in Milan where the home side 's impressive defensive discipline smothered the usual attacking prowess of a side standing 12 points clear in the Spanish league . His side were unable to formulate an alternative to their usual fluent style until the stand-in coach chose to use defender Gerard Pique in a makeshift attacking role for the final minutes . Mustering barely a shot on target worthy of the name , Barcelona 's limp display -- with Lionel Messi 's impact wholly minimized by some efficient defending -- must have made Roura , 45 , wish he could never return to the San Siro in a competitive capacity again . In 1989 , he was an aspiring Barca midfielder when the then 22-year-old suffered a serious knee against Milan in the European Super Cup - an injury that would bring his career to a premature end four years later . His side are now in danger of failing to reach the Champions League semifinals for the first time in six years and Vilanova may discover that his team is out of the competition when he returns to the fray in late March . Elsewhere , Galatasaray fielded both major January signings -- Wesley Sneijder and Didier Drogba -- in their home clash with Germans Schalke but were held to a disappointing 1-1 draw . The hosts appeared to have made the perfect start when Burak Yilmaz slammed home a fine individual goal after 12 minutes , with the striker now having scored seven of Galatasaray 's 8 Champions League goals this term . That was as good as it got for the home side , with Jermaine Jones leveling the scores shortly before halftime as the visitors finished the game the stronger .	Milan win 2-0 in first leg of Last 16 tie to stun tournament favorites Ghanaian duo Kevin-Prince Boateng and Sulley Muntari fired home in second half Turks Galatasaray held 1-1 at home by Schalke despite fielding Sneijder and Drogba
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn is back -- and she means business . The 29-year-old has not competed since suffering a knee injury in February and looked doubtful to ski again this year after tearing a knee ligament last month . Vonn was airlifted to a hospital in February after landing heavily on the opening day of the Alpine Ski World Championships in Austria . She underwent surgery for knee reconstruction . But following training runs on Wednesday and Thursday at Canada 's Lake Louise course , she is aiming to get back in the groove this weekend ahead of February 's Winter Olympics . "  You know if your body is ready or not and I know that mine is ready , " she told reporters . "  Normally this is the first downhill of the year , so for me this feels like a normal beginning of the season . It feels pretty awesome . " Vonn , who won the World Cup overall titles in 2008 , 2009 , 2010 and 2012 , is three race victories shy of matching the record of 62 set by Austria 's Annemarie Moser-Proell . She has won 14 times at Lake Louise , including a sweep of all three race titles in each of the past two years . The downhill races are scheduled to take place on Friday and Saturday with the Super-G on Sunday . "  My goal yesterday was to ski solid and to ski my race line and I did that , " she added . "  I knew that if I could accomplish all those things in one run , then I do n't need a second run . It 's the smart choice for me to not ski today in order to prepare for tomorrow . "  Lake Louise has always been really good to me and that 's why I really wanted to come back here . " With Sochi on the horizon , Vonn knows she must avoid any more injuries if she is to defend her Olympic downhill title in Russia . There she will aim to emulate the feat of fellow American , Picabo Street , who came back the season after reconstructive surgery to win gold at Nagano in 1998 . But the U.S. star has played down her chances of success -- instead focusing on ensuring she copes with her troublesome knee problem must be the priority . "  I 'm just going to try to make sure things are good with my knee and build confidence every day , " Vonn added . "  Right now , I 'm just going to focus on this particular moment . "  Sochi is quite a ways away . I 'm going to just stay focused on my knee and try to get my confidence back . "	Lindsey Vonn aiming to return at Lake Louise on Friday U.S. star has been sidelined with a knee injury since February The 29-year-old is preparing to compete at Winter Olympics in Sochi Vonn has won a record 14 times at Canadian venue
CNN  -- During her morning jog in north Houston , Hong Nguyen stumbled across an unusual sight : a baby girl partially hidden in the bushes near the side of the road . Strapped into a car seat on the ground , the 8-month-old child was crying . "  I called 911 , " Nguyen said . "  And I stayed there with the baby . " The chance encounter Monday in an unpopulated area near an industrial zone may have saved the little girl 's life . She had been missing for about six hours after a man stole the car she was in from outside a gas station in the early hours . Her mother had stopped to buy a soda , leaving the car keys in the ignition . Bitten by ants Authorities had been frantically searching for the baby , identified by CNN affiliate KTRK as Genesis Hailey . The car was recovered a few blocks from the gas station about two hours after it was stolen . But there was no sign of the child or her car seat . Police said Genesis appeared to be in good health when she was found , apart from being hungry and suffering what appeared to be several ant bites . "  I did spot a couple of ants on the baby and I was able to get them off , " said Albert Pizana , the officer who responded to the jogger 's emergency call . ` Middle of nowhere ' But police officials said they could n't comprehend the decision to leave the baby in such an isolated place . "  I do n't know what kind of an animal would do this to a child , " said Lt. H. Lopez , of the Houston Police Department 's homicide division . "  Leaving the child in the middle of nowhere . " Police officials also faced questions from reporters about the mother 's decision to leave her child in the car with the engine on . They said she was in the gas station 's store for a matter of seconds before she saw the thief jump in the car and start driving away with the door still open . He was in such a rush that he backed the car into the railing of the gas pump before he sped off with his infant passenger in the back . The mother ran out of the store but was n't quick enough to catch the car . "  It 's a good reminder for the public not to leave their vehicles running , especially with a baby inside , " Lopez said . Swaddled in a uniform Police are still looking for the suspect , a man in his late teens or early 20s . It 's unclear exactly when the baby was taken from the car and put in the bushes . Police said it 's possible she had been left there since the early hours of Monday . Pizana said Genesis was crying intermittently when he and his partner got to her . They took her inside their car , and he swaddled her in his uniform shirt to try to calm her . His partner retrieved her pacifier for her . Pizana declined to speculate what could have happened to the baby if the jogger had n't taken that particular route Monday morning . "  It makes you want to go home and hug your kids even tighter , " he said . Police : Florida parents charged with abandoning kids had syringes in trucks	A jogger finds a baby strapped in a car seat hidden in bushes in north Houston The baby was missing for about six hours after the car she was in was stolen Her mother had gone into a gas station , leaving the keys in the ignition Police are searching for the man they believe stole the vehicle
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Starbucks has not only helped popularize coffee in China , it 's also aiming to bring Chinese coffee to the world . "  Starbucks , for the first time in our 40-year history , is going to start growing coffee , " CEO Howard Schultz said while on a trip to Beijing . "  We 're going to actually plant trees and grow coffee in China , in the Yunnan Province . " The U.S.-based chain is making what Schultz calls "  a comprehensive strategic commitment to doing business in China , in a way that 's locally relevant . " Yunnan coffee is already known as some of the best in Asia , owing to the southern province 's fertile soil , weather and water . Starbucks is working with Yunnan 's provincial government "  to share our coffee knowledge , to help Yunnan continue to develop into a top-quality coffee-growing region and bring the distinctive Yunnan coffee taste to our customers around the world , " Schultz said . The chain will help develop and operate a farm and processing facilities in Yunnan , the company says , and will also work with area farmers to boost their crop 's yield and quality . "  We 've discovered a part of the area there that can produce the world 's best coffee , " the CEO said . "  And in three to four years , we will bring coffee from Yunnan to the world . " In a country full of tea drinkers , Starbucks is making good progress , Schultz said . "  We 've been here for 12 years now , with 400 stores in the mainland , 800 stores in greater China , " he said . As far as what 's driving business in China , Schultz said , "  Obviously , there 's a tremendous size , in terms of the aspirational middle class , the numbers of people who have access to disposable income . And also they 're quite familiar with western brands . One of the things that surprised us the most is how aware they were of Starbucks before we got here . "  And how fast they embrace change is another thing that has really surprised us . People were drinking black coffee when we got here . Now they are drinking cafe latte and cappuccinos and Frappuccinos , " Schultz said . "  China is going to be the fastest-growing , biggest market for the future of Starbucks , outside of North America , " he added .	Starbucks expects to start exporting Yunnan beans in three or four years Yunnan coffee is already known as some of the best in Asia The region can produce the world 's best coffee , Starbucks ' CEO says The chain has 800 stores in greater China
CNN  -- David Beckham was always adept at curling the ball around a wall -- but when it came to the barrier of homosexuality in football , he broke straight through it . Former England captain Beckham , who announced his retirement from football Thursday , was the first superstar footballer to embrace his "  gay icon " status , freely giving interviews to gay magazines and openly talking about his gay fan base . That attitude was the catalyst for a change , according to author and journalist , Chas Newkey-Burden . "  What David Beckham did was break the long silence about homosexuality in football , " Newkey-Burden told CNN . "  Before Beckham came along , it was basically a taboo but he changed all that . "  He openly courted his gay fan base , saying he loved being a gay icon and was happy for his wife to broadcast that around . "  He was the first to give interviews to gay magazines -- before that , no footballer would have done that . "  He also changed the way footballers were looked at . He was inherently good looking , but it was that he paid so much attention to his appearance that was unprecedented . " In an interview with the BBC given in 2007 , Beckham spoke of his pride at being tagged as a "  gay icon " . "  Maybe it 's things like  the fact  I like to look after myself , I like to look smart and presentable most of the time , " he said at the time . "  I always liked to look good , even when I was a little kid . I was given the option when I was a page boy once of either wearing a suit or wearing knickerbockers and long socks and ballet shoes -- and I chose the ballet shoes and knickerbockers . " Once Newkey-Burden spent five months trying to organize an interview with the midfielder , only for the player himself to sanction the piece after reading one of the journalist 's articles on football and homosexuality in Four Four Two magazine . "  David read the piece I did about how far football had come in dealing with homophobia , " Newkey-Burden recalled . "  I know he was very moved by the fact I wrote how he had opened the door to change and that is what swung getting me the interview with him . "  Look , there are 92 league clubs in England with each squad having around 20 players , so statistically , there must be some gay players , " added the journalist . "  One day it will be common place for footballers to come out and David Beckham will have played a part in that . "  He opened the door and it is the person who opens the door who makes the difference . "  Beckham said to the world : ` I 'm straight , I 'm the England captain and I think it 's cool people are gay . ' " Despite Beckham embracing his "  gay icon " status , football continues to struggle with homophobia . Last February , U.S. football star Robbie Rogers announced he was retiring from football after "  coming out " -- leaving Swedish player Anton Hysen as the only openly gay player in Europe . Rogers might yet make a return given he has been training with Los Angeles Galaxy . Beckham was also key in footballers becoming fashionistas and attracting interest from the mainstream media , according to Newkey Burden . "  Gay football fans do n't want 11 neatly coiffured and manicured players to admire , " said the journalist and celebrity biographer who has written books about Adele , Brangelina , Michael Jackson and Paris Hilton . "  They 're more attracted to the old-fashioned kind of player like Vinny Jones or Alan Shearer if I 'm honest . "  But Beckham was someone who was proud to be a gay icon and made it cool too . "  Just look at the number of metrosexuals who have emerged since Beckham . "  It 's now OK for players to have silly , floppy hair and dress in the way they do . He did that . " Players now try to trend it like Beckham more often than they try to bend it like Beckham . From wearing his wife 's underwear to parading around in a sarong , the former Manchester United , Real Madrid , LA Galaxy , AC Milan and Paris Saint-Germain man has never been one to shy away from experimentation . While former Spice Girl Victoria has gone on to establish herself as a leading fashion designer , it is Beckham who brought men into the 21st century with his eye for the latest trends . From his outrageous hair styles to his love of grooming and moisturizing , Beckham relaunched the notion of the metroxsexual along with his very own brand of cologne . Whether it was by provocatively modelng in his Armani underwear or being paraded in front of the press in another exquisitely tailored suit , Beckham set the bar high when it came to looking sharp . "  Beckham was the antithesis to the godawful lad culture of the late Nineties , " GQ.co.uk fashion editor Nick Carvell told CNN . "  Being a footballer who was clearly motivated by fashion trends and absolutely loved clothes , he turned the idea of what it meant to be a stylish sportsman at the time on its head . "  Sure he made some mistakes along the way  cornrows  , but that 's what made him a trendsetter -- he always led and never followed . "  He was certainly one of the first celebrities to de-stigmatize grooming pursuits that were previously seen as girls-only  his early penchant for highlights comes to mind  . "  Lots of people would say that it helps he has an athlete 's body , but there are plenty of sportsman who dress appallingly . "  I think it 's his willingness to try new things combined with a clear appreciation for a good tailor . "  He might have worn the occasional eye-raising get-up when he was younger , but it always fitted perfectly . " That infamous sarong , which he was pictured wearing in 1998 , was certainly one "  eye-raising item " but as Newkey-Burden explains , Beckham had no regrets . "  When I interviewed him in 2006 , I asked Beckham if he regretted wearing that ` dress ' . He said : ` No , that 's one of the things I 'd do again ! ' "	Beckham ` opened the door ' for it to be cool to be gay Credited with changing the world of style for football players Beckham insisted he would wear ` that dress ' again
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A British soldier was killed on New Year 's Day by an explosion in southern Afghanistan , Britain 's Ministry of Defense said Friday . A British unit on patrol in Helmand province 's Garmsir district , where another soldier has died . The soldier , who served with the 6th Battalion The Rifles , had been taking part in a routine patrol in the Garmsir district of Helmand province when he was killed , the ministry said . "  It is deeply saddening to confirm the loss of a British soldier who died while helping to provide security in southern Helmand , " said Commander Paula Rowe , a spokeswoman for Task Force Helmand . "  His family , friends and all those who knew and worked with him will mourn his loss -- our heartfelt sympathies go to them all at this terrible time . " Britain suffered its worst year of losses in Afghanistan in 2008 , with 51 British troops killed . It was more than in any other year since the mission began in October 2001 , the defense ministry said .	British soldier killed on New Year 's Day by blast in Afghanistan Soldier served with the 6th Battalion The Rifles in Helmand province He was on patrol in Garmsir district when he was killed
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli police arrested two suspects Saturday in connection to a deadly wildfire raging in the country 's north , though a police spokesman said it appears the fires started out of negligence . The fires have killed 41 and injured 17 others . Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said the suspects are being questioned at a local police station but police now believe the fires were due to negligence rather than arson . As the police probe unfolded , firefighters continued to battle three major blazes fueled by shifting winds . The fire , the worst in Israel 's history , is still not under control , Rosenfeld said . The flames spread over 10,000 acres around Haifa , Israel 's third largest city , threatening businesses , tourism and one of Israel 's greenest regions , Mount Carmel . "  If you look over the hills at Haifa , you can see smoke billowing over the sea , " said Rosenfeld , adding that the winds have forced authorities to close down roads to the coastal area . About 17,000 people have been evacuated , but residential areas are not under threat , he said . On Saturday , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu referred to the help Israel received from other nations , including Egypt , Turkey and Jordan , as "  heartwarming , " the Jerusalem Post reported . "  One thing is clear , the Israeli people are standing together and many , many countries are together with Israel . This is no small thing , " Netanyahu said during a press conference . "  This is surely a point of light in this our festival of lights Hanukkah , " he said . Israeli 's military noted in a statement Saturday that firefighters from Bulgaria and Greece had joined Israeli personnel on the blaze 's frontlines . Netanyahu 's office said that so far , several nations have committed 10 airplanes and three helicopters to help Israel fight the raging fire , including four from Greece , one from Cyprus , two from Turkey , two from Russia and one from France . These are in addition to several Israel Defense Forces aircraft , including two to four charged with surveying the region from above . British Prime Minister David Cameron instructed the Royal Air Force to deploy two helicopters from Cyprus to help put out the fire , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Friday . Netanyahu spoke Saturday morning with the president of Switzerland to recruit additional air support , his office said . Five U.S. Defense Department aircraft will leave for Israel this weekend to help fight the fire . They include three C-130 firefighting aircraft from the U.S. Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard and two C-130s from the U.S. European Command , which will depart Ramstein Air Base in Germany carrying 20 tons of fire retardant , the U.S. Agency for International Development said . The agency said it has already chartered commercial aircraft to deliver 45 tons of fire retardant and 12,000 liters of foam to suppress the flames . A team of experts from the U.S. Forest Service 's Disaster Assistance Support Program is also heading to Israel , the agency said . Hague expressed his condolences to the families of the victims and to the thousands who have had to be evacuated because of the blaze . "  This tragedy is all the more sad as it comes as the Jewish community around the world celebrates Hanukkah , a time of hope and joy , " Hague said . "  The UK will continue to do whatever it can to help . " Two funerals took place Saturday after another eight were held Friday for those killed , Rosenfeld said . Most of the 41 victims were cadets in Israel 's prison service who arrived Thursday to help evacuate 500 inmates from the Damon prison near Haifa . Among the dead , 40 were apparently burned alive when their bus , traveling along a narrow mountain road , was engulfed by the fast-moving blaze , the Jerusalem Post reported . In an interview with the newspaper , a firefighter spokesman said the bus was gone in less than three minutes . "  The bus had no chance . They tried to escape but were burned alive , " the spokesman said . "  It was a horrific scene . " The IDF said the victims will be buried with full honors in military ceremonies . Israeli firefighter spokesman Yoram Levy said shifting 29 kph  18 mph  winds made the inferno harder to control as flames neared a neighborhood in Haifa , a major tourist destination on the northern coast . Built on the slopes of Mount Carmel about 50 miles north of Tel Aviv , Haifa 's metropolitan area is also host to historical sites that date to Biblical times . The fire has also threatened a sensitive ecological area near the Hai Bar nature reserve . Known as Mount Carmel 's "  Little Switzerland , " the reserve is home to a wildlife preservation project that seeks to bring back native species mentioned in the Old Testament . Though Israel is known for its military might , it has been criticized for failing to properly handle the blazes . CNN 's Paul Colsey contributed to this report .	NEW : Firefighters from Bulgaria , Greece among international forces aiding fight Fires , fueled by shifting winds , are still not under control Two suspects have been arrested The fire has killed 41 people and injured 17
CNN  If when you say internet , you think of a computer , then you probably do n't live in an African country . The continent has some of the lowest fixed-broadband subscription rates in the world , with most people 's first encounter with the world wide web coming via their mobile phones . Around 70 % of mobile users browse the internet on their devices , and Africa 's mobile broadband growth is increasing at a rate of more than 40 % -- twice the global average . This is largely due to the weak land-line infrastructure on the continent , which makes connecting through a desktop computer difficult . Low-cost or second-hand feature phones are also much cheaper to buy , which has made them ubiquitous across the continent , and it is estimated that by 2016 Africa will have a billion mobile phones . Feature devices also stay charged for longer -- a crucial requirement in a part of the world where the supply of power is irregular and unreliable . "  More people in Africa have a mobile phone than access to electricity , " according to Toby Shapshak , editor and publisher of Stuff Magazine . "  That means , for a phone to be functional , it needs decent battery life . These feature phones have anywhere up to a week . " This has created a unique environment where mobile technology have been adapted for a wide range of usages , from lowering information barriers and improving access to financial and health services to boosting commerce and bringing people together . Mobile money transfer systems such as M-Pesa , which launched in Nairobi in 2007 , allow customers to send cash to remote areas with the touch of a button . The service has nearly 17 million active customers who make more than US$ 1.1 billion worth of transactions per month . And if you 're worried that the medicines you bought might be counterfeit , you can check their authenticity through mPedigree , a mobile application which gives you a "  genuine " or "  fake " answer after you text the drug 's serial number . Mobile phone technology has also moved into sectors outside the traditional tech remit . Farmers can access information about the weather , real-time market prices , and new farming tips though mobile apps like Farmerline and Esoko . Mobiles have even infiltrated arts and culture , with Badilisha Poetry X-Change , the world 's largest archive of African poets featured on a mobile first website . The spread of internet-enabled cell phones has also had an effect on the fiber of society : "  The impact of Internet access via mobile devices on the continent has been a game changer on the continent , " according to Nmachi Jidenma , manager of mobile disruptors at PayPal . "  Access to social networks has given youth a platform for self-expression and civic participation in ways that are having real impact on elections , governance and accountability . " More from Africa View Read this : Fast-rising aviation hub spreads its wings Read this : Tropical paradise with a booming economy	Most people in Africa access the web through a mobile phone The continent 's broadband growth is increasing at twice the global average rate A host of mobile-based start-ups have exploited this by offering services from banking to farming
CNN  -- Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo has been included on the shortlist for the FIFA World Player of the Year award . The 2008 winner is one of five contenders for the honor alongside Real Madrid team-mate Kaka and Barcelona trio Andres Iniesta , Lionel Messi and Xavi . Ronaldo transferred from Manchester United to the Bernabeu for a world record fee in the region of $ 130 million in July , while Brazil playmaker Kaka joined from AC Milan in the summer . Argentina 's Messi and Spain midfield duo Iniesta and Xavi were at the forefront of Barcelona 's treble-winning success , which saw the Catalan club claim the Champions League , the Primera Division title and the Copa del Rey . Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for the European Player of the Year . The nominees were confirmed following a poll of national teams ' captains and coaches from a list drawn up of FIFA Football Committee experts . The winnerswill be announced at the FIFA World Player Gala on December 21 in Zurich , Switzerland . Also at the gala the best 11 players of the year , as chosen by over 50,000 professional players from all over the world , will be honored in the FIFA/FIFPro World XI -- while the FIFA Puskas Award will be presented to the player who has scored the ` most beautiful goal ' during the past year .	2008 winner Cristiano Ronaldo is included in the nominations for FIFA World Player of the Year The Real Madrid forward one of five players on the shortlist , all with either Madrid or Barcelona Lionel Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for European Player of the Year
CNN  -- When it comes to thinking about affirmative action , there 's an old way and a new way . The old way was in full bloom this week at the Supreme Court , in a blistering 58-page dissenting opinion by Justice Sonia Sotomayor in what was a state 's rights case involving a 2006 Michigan law banning the use of racial criteria in publicly funded college and university admissions , and the question of whether these matters can be settled not just by courts but also by voters . The new way is on display in California , where lawmakers who want to amend the state constitution to reinstate racial and ethnic preferences at public colleges and universities -- something that was banned by a 1996 ballot initiative -- have a formidable opponent in the form of a group that knows a little something about discrimination : Asian-Americans . Under the old way of thinking , the narrative goes like this : There was once in this country ugly , overt and systematic discrimination based on race or ethnicity . African-Americans in the South and Mexican-Americans in the Southwest were excluded not just from barbershops , country clubs and public swimming pools , but also from places that could change the destinies of individuals and uplift families -- colleges and universities . There had to be a corrective device , the thinking went , by which these institutions that had previously treated race and ethnicity of certain groups as a negative could flip the script and treat it as a positive . Some people saw it as a reparation , a historical payoff . But it was more of an acknowledgment that discrimination leaves behind vestiges , and institutions that once went out of their way to be unwelcoming to certain groups now had to go out of their way to be welcoming to those groups by taking applicants ' race and ethnicity into account . This is how Sotomayor , a graduate of Princeton University and Yale Law School , sees the program that she has often credited for opening those doors . In her dissent in the Michigan case , part of which she read aloud to her colleagues , the nation 's first Latina Supreme Court justice wrote : "  This refusal to accept the stark reality that race matters is regrettable . The way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to speak openly and candidly on the subject of race , and to apply the Constitution with eyes open to the unfortunate effects of centuries of racial discrimination . As members of the judiciary tasked with intervening to carry out the guarantee of equal protection , we ought not sit back and wish away , rather than confront , the racial inequality that exists in our society . " Anyone out there support racial inequality and think it ought to be preserved ? I did n't think so . Besides , this case was n't about whether racial and ethnic preferences are good or bad , but whether their use could be restricted by voters at the state level . By a vote of 6-to-2 , the high court ruled that it could be . Meanwhile , in California , there is a group that -- like Sotomayor -- really dislikes racial inequality . So much so that they do n't think it ought to be reinstated by the state legislature under the pretext of expanding educational opportunity . In Alabama or Georgia or Mississippi , the dominant racial storyline is black-and-white . But in California , the most interesting relationship -- the one that will help define the future of the nation 's most populous state -- is the relationship between Latinos and Asian-Americans . At 38 % of the population , Latinos now make up a plurality in California . Yet the fastest-growing minority in the state is Asian-Americans , who now make up nearly 14 % of California , or more than twice the number of African-Americans . And just as Latinos are divided on issues such as immigration and bilingual education , so , too , are there differences of opinion among Asian-Americans when the conversation turns to affirmative action . Still , what sends shock waves through the debate in California is that one of the most prominent subsets -- Chinese-Americans -- is opposed to the idea of colleges and universities taking into account race and ethnicity . Organizations representing that constituency pressured a small group of Asian-American lawmakers to stall the legislation . They did . You might think that an ethnic group that holds nearly 40 % of seats in the University of California system would have little to complain about . You 'd be wrong . Asian-American organizations that oppose racial and ethnic preferences claim that the 40 % figure could soar to 50 % or 60 % if colleges and universities awarded slots based on merit . They insist that there is a quota to keep the Asian-American students below 50 % , and that this primarily benefits white students who might not be able to compete head-to-head with Asian-Americans . Welcome to affirmative action , California-style , where things get complicated . As the debate plays out in this state , you do n't hear much about "  reparations " or the "  vestiges of discrimination . " The dominant themes are "  merit " and "  fairness . " Those are not small things . Let 's put to rest the old way of thinking about affirmative action and confront the new challenges that lie ahead in a country that , with every passing day , resembles less and less what it used to be .	Ruben Navarrette : There 's an old and new way of thinking about affirmative action Navarrette : Some think use of racial criteria in college admission helps minorities But Asian-Americans , a powerful minority in California , oppose affirmative action Navarrette : The debate in California is not about "  reparations , " but rather "  merit "
CNN  -- "  All around me my friends were lying injured and dead . " These are not the confessions of a battle-hardened soldier who signed up to fight in his nation 's war . They are the words of a 15-year-old boy lying in a hospital bed in Peshawar , Pakistan , after Taliban militants attacked his school in an act of savagery so bloody and brazen it seized the attention of a world grown nearly indifferent to the barbarism vying regularly for its attention . At a time of playground bombings in Syria , kidnapped schoolgirls in Nigeria , girls ' schools shuttered under threat in Afghanistan and conflicts descending into chaos in real time , the attack on the Pakistan 's Army Public School brought home once again the danger children face simply for the act of heading to school . Are we ready to watch schools become the new front lines ? It is a question we all must answer . The Peshawar attack was not a one-off . It was simply larger and even more horrific than previous carnage . "  In 2013 , 78 attacks against schools , teachers and schoolchildren were reported to the United Nations in Pakistan , " a news release from the U.N. 's special representative for children and armed conflict noted . This morning , condemnations poured in , including one from a global leader who knows firsthand such deadly violence . "  I condemn these atrocious and cowardly acts , " Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai said in a statement . Two years ago , the Taliban shot the Pakistani teenager at close range on her school bus in retaliation for her eloquent advocacy for girls ' education in Swat Valley in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ; its capital is Peshawar , site of Tuesday 's attack . Nor is the violence new . Armed conflict increasingly has made the world 's children its front lines . In a wrenching interview , a girl named Margaret tells of being abducted from her girls ' school in northern Uganda in 2004 at 14 by soldiers for Joseph Kony . She was forced to become his sex slave and to bear his children , one of countless children forced into soldiering and slavery by Kony 's Lord 's Resistance Army . As schools become battlefields , the need to protect them has never been greater . Indeed , education is one of the most potent weapons in the fight for global stability and security . Another Nobel Prize winner , economist Amartya Sen , has written that there is no clearer route to economic development and , ultimately , to peace than education . In 2011 , 57 million children were out of school ; half of them in countries that are home to armed conflict . And that should concern everyone who wants to see a world that is stable , peaceful and secure . And yet , today in Syria millions of refugee children remain out of school . A "  No Lost Generation " campaign to fund education and support for these children is under way but remains vastly underfunded . "  Before the war , almost all of Syria 's children were enrolled in school , " according to the charity Save the Children . Today , "  Syria now has the second worst enrollment rate in the world with almost 3 million school-aged Syrian children no longer in school . " At an event in September hosted by U.N. Education Envoy Gordon Brown , frustration was palpable . Everyone agreed that education was key to guaranteeing that millions of Syrian children had a chance at a future . But getting the world to open up its wallet when it came to keeping them in any kind of classroom has proved more challenging . One of the people fighting for that safer world is Beatrice Ayuru Byaruhanga , founder of the Lira Integrated School in once violence-riddled northern Uganda . Herself a groundbreaker -- as a woman who graduated from college -- Ayuru grew and sold cassava to fund a school that would fight illiteracy and poverty and battle for the rights of children to stay in the classroom . "  During the war , we would always run with the children from school to the town to hide them , " Ayuru told a reporter . "  Then , during the day we collected them from town again to come and have lessons . " Ayuru would not be cowed by the violence around her . Nor would Malala Yousafzai . "  I , along with millions of others around the world , mourn these children , my brothers and sisters -- but we will never be defeated , " Yousafzai said in her statement . That resolve will be required for the fight ahead . The militants have shown they will stop at nothing to take the fight to the Pakistani Army . And they have made clear the stakes . Those who care about the future not just of their own children , but the stability and prosperity of the world they will inherit , must agree that the world needs a lot more Malalas and Beatrice Ayurus if there are to be fewer blood-soaked days like today . And they must fund , support and speak out for the right of every child to have a classroom that does not double as a battle zone . It is a shared fight . And one in which we all have a stake .	Gayle Lemmon : Peshawar attack was n't a one-off ; schools have been targeted often She says the bloody , brazen attack has seized the world 's attention Lemmon : Are we prepared for schools becoming the front lines of a barbaric battle ? We must speak out for the right of children to education and peace , she says
CNN  -- Police charged an 18-year-old with murder in the case of a University of Florida student last seen eight days ago , a police spokesman said Friday . Officer Ben Tobias announced that the Gainesville police department charged Pedro Bravo with the death of Christian Aguilar . He did not offer further details . Ron Kozlowski , one of Bravo 's attorneys , told CNN on Friday night that he has "  not been presented with any new evidence thus far . " Bravo 's family is distraught and worried about the murder charge , Kozlowski added . The 18-year-old Aguilar was last seen about 6 p.m. September 20 , according to a police statement . His body still has n't been recovered , said Tobias , who urged the public to reach out to authorities with any information on the case . "  We would ... encourage property owners , residential or business , who may have lime rock roads on their property , that were accessible to the general public , to search those properties for any suspicious areas of ground that appear to have been disturbed , " Tobias said . "  We are also requesting information from anyone who may have seen a suspicious vehicle , likened to a Blue Chevy Blazer , in any remote areas on the night of Thursday , September 20 . " Police told Aguilar 's family about the murder charge -- and , with it , the presumption the college student was dead -- about an hour before the public announcement , Tobias said . "  Christian 's family is heartbroken , as expected , " the police spokesman told CNN by e-mail . Bravo told investigators that he 'd gotten into "  an altercation with Aguilar " on the night the college student went missing , police said . Bravo then left Aguilar in a parking lot in the central Florida city , prompting police to warn that Aguilar may be disoriented and/or seriously injured . Aguilar 's father told CNN affiliate WCJB that his son disappeared after a fight over a girl . After talking with police September 21 , Bravo was held for mental examination after threatening to harm or kill himself . He was later charged with depriving a victim of medical care , a third-degree felony , and was in custody at the time he was charged with murder , according to Tobias . Authorities have used helicopters and K-9 units to search for Aguilar , to no avail . The young man 's family members , meanwhile , have plastered the area with fliers , taken to Twitter to generate leads and invited a nonprofit search group to help look for him alongside family members and police . Gainesville police posted a fresh plea Friday night , on the department 's Facebook page , asking volunteers to report to the Florida Farm Bureau at 9 a.m. Saturday to resume the search for Aguilar . Bravo 's family initially volunteered to help in the search , only to be politely turned down by Aguilar 's family , Kozlowski said . The lawyer said his client will make his first court appearance Saturday morning . At that time , a judge will assess the case and set bail for Bravo or decline to , thus assuring that the suspect will remain in custody . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspect 's family is distraught and worried , one of his lawyers says Christian Aguilar , 18 , was last seen September 20 in Gainesville , police say Pedro Bravo told investigators he got into a fight with Aguilar that night and left the scene Police announce that Bravo , who was already in custody , is charged with murder
CNN  -- At least 20 people have died in severe flooding in Vietnam , official media reported Monday . But the death toll varied as the state-run Vietnam News Agency  VNA  said the death toll is 30 as of Sunday , sourcing a government flood committee . Floods damaged crops and hindered transportation leaving passengers stranded in trains and blocking roadways , and flood waters covered more than 150,000 homes , VNA reported . Seven died in Ha Tinh province after Sunday 's rainfall reached more that 800 millimeters  31.5 inches  , according to VietNamNet . The province accounted for more than half the homes reported flooded . A similar amount of rain fell on Nghe An province , triggering flooding that killed eight people but inundating far fewer homes , VietNamNet reported . Four more died in Quang Binh province . One person has been reported missing in this week 's floods . Throughout the region , people and cattle could be seen sitting on roofs , while boats floated through what would otherwise have been the nation 's streets . About 1 meter of water lay over some parts of a Highway 1A , a north-south connection through Vietnam , and service on the north-south railway through the southeastern Asian nation was suspended , reported state-run Vietnam News . The Vietnamese government is distributing 2,000 tons of rice and $ 10 million worth of aid to the worst-hit areas , in Ha Trinh and Quang Binh provinces , reports said . Record-setting rains a few weeks earlier in central Vietnam spurred severe flooding that killed 66 people and inundated more than 10,000 dwellings . Hundreds of Vietnamese troops were dispatched to the region in the first week of October to help with rescue operations and help residents and business owners deal with millions of dollars of damage .	Heavy rains and severe flooding in central Vietnam led to the deaths of 20 people Over 30 inches of rain in one day triggered heavy flooding Over 150,000 homes were submerged Two weeks earlier , 66 people in region died after record-setting rains and subsequent flooding
WEST PALM BEACH , Florida  CNN  -- To pick up the morning paper and see the word "  recount " in a headline stirs an ominous case of déjà vu . Judge Robert Rosenberg examines a ballot in Broward County , Florida , during the election recount in 2000 . At issue in recent days in Palm Beach County is a local judicial race that is hardly of national note . But problems with administering the local election , and statements from county officials that some critics call confusing , if not contradictory , have some worried about the coming presidential election . Polls showing a dead heat in the battle for Florida 's 27 electoral votes only add to the drama . "  Managerially , software-wise , procedure-wise , training-wise , there is no confidence that these people will be ready in less than 50 days for the election we are all going to have , " said Sid Dinerstein , the Palm Beach County Republican chairman . "  Never again ! " was the county 's promise after the butterfly ballots and hanging chads of the 2000 recount drama . For 2004 , the county switched to touch-screen machines . There were no major issues here . But some local Democrats , including Rep. Robert Wexler , demanded changes because they said the touch-screen system might be vulnerable to fraud and did not , in their view , provide a reliable audit trail . So the county switched again , to its third system in eight years , this time a paper ballot that is scanned by an optical reading device . The paper is then retained in case of recounts or other irregularities . Local officials say the system works and promise a smooth Election Day . But Dinerstein says the recount in the judicial race proves the folly of switching . "  We could have had nice , reliable computers counting and giving all of us an honest count , " he said in an interview . The 2000 recount drama led to major changes -- more than 40 states made changes or adjustments to the way they conducted and administered elections . "  We have had more change in our election process since 2000 than we have seen since the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , " said Indiana Secretary of State Todd Rokita , a recent past president of the national association of top state elections officials . Indiana alone spent some $ 67 million on new equipment , including a statewide voter file , and also requires a color photo ID on Election Day . Rokita takes issue with those who question the reliability of newer , high-tech systems . "  You know , we use technology in every one of our financial transactions and social transactions -- why did we not until 2000 put that type of technology to use when it comes to our most sacred civic transaction , you know , the voting process ? " Rokita asked in an interview at his office in Indianapolis . "  The technology is just a tool . And what the conspiracy theorists want you to believe is the technology runs the election -- and nothing could be further from the truth , " he said . "  If you have well-trained people who know how to use that technology and those tools , to know what to do if a battery dies on election day , all those things , then you will have a fair and an accurate election and the people are the ones who will produce that . And If they are not trained and they are not prepared , then you are not going to have a good election . But it is the people , not the machines . " Indiana expects a record number of new voters this year , and Rokita is changing his usual advice as a result . In the past he has encouraged voting on Election Day , saying it builds community spirit and gives voters up to the last moment to ponder their choices . But this year , given the high interest in his state and nationwide , he suggests voters who are certain they will not change their minds help ease the burden -- and the potential for mistakes on Election Day -- by taking advantage of any early voting options in their states .	Palm Beach County , Florida , has changed voting systems twice in past eight years County GOP chairman says "  no confidence " election will go off without problems 2000 recount drama in Florida led to changes in election procedures in 40 + states Indiana official says it 's people , not machines , that make elections run smoothly
CNN  -- U.S. drug agents in Thailand took custody of five men wanted in the United States on allegations of being part of a drug ring that sought to traffic in North Korean methamphetamine and other drugs , CNN has learned . The men , who have British , Filipino , Taiwanese and Slovak citizenship , were being flown to New York to face charges , according to a source . Thai authorities announced the arrests after the men were turned over to U.S. authorities . A U.S. law enforcement official said the charges would be made public soon . The men are part of a broader investigation that federal prosecutors made public in September , filing charges against a group of former U.S. and European ex-military men in a murder-for-hire and drug-importation plot . The Drug Enforcement Administration concocted a sting operation and arrested Joseph Hunter , a former U.S. Army sniper trainer nicknamed Rambo , and four others in the sting case . The five more recently arrested were expelled by Thai authorities and put on a DEA plane to New York . Additional details of the charges could n't be learned because they remain under seal . Drug trafficking from North Korea has occurred for decades with at least 50 documented incidents . In previous years , North Korea had been linked to shipments of heroin and methamphetamine , according to the CIA World Factbook . In 2003 , a North Korean ship , Pong Su which was carrying nearly 300 pounds of heroin , was seized along the eastern coast of Australia after a four-day chase . There is n't enough information to determine whether the North Korean government is currently involved in drug trafficking , according to the 2013 International Narcotics Control Strategy Report issued by the U.S. State Department "  There have been no confirmed reports of large-scale drug trafficking involving DPRK  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  state entities since 2004 , " it stated . "  This suggests that state-sponsored drug trafficking may have ceased or been sharply reduced , or that the DPRK regime has become more adept at concealing state-sponsored trafficking of illicit drugs . " The report also highlighted that the "  proximity and availability of precursor chemicals in China likely contribute to the production of methamphetamine within North Korea . " It alluded to reported transactions between North Korean traffickers and organized crime groups . Corrupt security agents and government officials are likely responsible for transnational drug operations , according to a different report published in North Korean Review in 2010 . There is great difficulty in collecting data or accurate information regarding drug trafficking because of the secrecy in North Korea . So the report 's authors , Minwoo Yun and Eunyoung Kim relied on interviews with 28 North Korean defectors living in China and Thailand as well as various documents . They could not be reached Wednesday for this story . Their report alleges that in the 1980s , the North Korean state "  deliberately chose various transnational crime businesses including drug trafficking " during economically troubled times . The North Koreans specialized in heroin trade and kept the drug away from the ordinary population . Once the economy veered into famine and economic disaster in the 1990s , individuals desperate to survive turned to private drug enterprise , according to Yun and Kim 's report . Corrupt agents and officials sold drugs to transnational organized crime operations through the North Korea-China border , they wrote . Family members also became private drug traffickers , they added . After poppy production failed due to weather , methamphetamine became more popular , according to a 2007 Drug Trafficking and North Korea report prepared for the U.S. Congress . One of the interviewees in Yun and Kim 's report said that the city of Hamhueng is the center of methamphetamine production , because it produces the country 's chemicals . Internally , North Koreans started using opium instead of hard-to-obtain and pricey medication , according to the report . And recreational drug users are more likely wealthy businessmen or members of the Party , according to South Korean media . More recently , methamphetamine is more widely used in North Korea as stricter China border controls forced drug producers to seek a local market for "  ice , " according to a report in the Spring 2013 edition of the journal North Korean Review .	5 men arrested in Thailand are being flown to the United States , CNN has learned They are accused of trafficking North Korean drugs , a source says The arrests are part of a broader investigation made public in September North Korea has been producing drugs since the 1980s , report says
They are people children are supposed to trust : A New York Police Department officer , a Fire Department of New York paramedic , a rabbi and a scoutmaster were among more than 70 people arrested in a major child porn bust , authorities said Wednesday . One of those arrested -- a supervisor with the Transportation Security Administration -- allegedly traveled to the Dominican Republic to have sex with children , a law enforcement official said . He allegedly made more than 50 trips there . The investigation , involving agents from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement as well as New York authorities , began as part of an undercover operation into peer-to-peer networks , authorities told reporters Wednesday . The suspects , who do not appear to know one another , were able to search files using graphic terms and descriptions . Software continuously scanned files and automatically uploaded images to personal computers , laptops and mobile phones . Special Agent in Charge James Hayes , head of Homeland Security Investigations New York , called the arrests the largest enforcement operation in New York "  targeting predators  who  possess , produce or distribute sexually explicit images of children . " The activity , he said , has "  reached epidemic proportions . " "  The backgrounds of many of the individuals ... is shocking , " Hayes said . "  These defendants come from all walks of life ... This operation puts the lie to the classic stereotypical profile that child predators are nothing more than unemployed drifters . Many of the defendants are , in fact , well-educated and successful in private and professional lives . They work as registered nurses , paramedics , caretakers for mentally ill adults , computer programers and architects . " The continuing operation resulted in 71 arrests -- including one woman -- and the seizure of nearly 600 devices , including desktop and laptop computers , tablets , smartphones and thumb drives with tens of thousands of sexually explicit images and videos of children , Hayes said . The pornographic images of children were shared at no charge , authorities said . About a third of the suspects remain in custody , and the others were released on bonds ranging from $ 30,000 to $ 500,000 . Hayes said the January arrest of Brian Fanelli , chief of the Mount Pleasant Police Department in upstate Valhalla , New York , on child pornography violations helped lead to the other defendants . State and federal authorities said the alleged offenders included : • NYPD Sgt. Alberto Randazzo is on paid suspension after being arrested in February 2013 by the Internal Affairs Bureau on 57 felony counts of child pornography . Randazzo was allegedly communicating with women in video chat rooms and ordering the women to sexually abuse their children , prosecutors said . In one video allegedly recorded by Randazzo , he can be heard directing a woman to molest her infant child . • Samuel Waldman , a rabbi and an instructor of Judaic studies , was arrested at his Brooklyn residence and charged under federal law with possession of child pornography , prosecutors said . Using a file sharing system , agents identified Waldman 's IP address as one that offered the dissemination of videos of child pornography . • Kenneth Gardner , a registered nurse at Westchester County Medical Center , was arrested in April at his residence in Queens , New York . He was charged with promoting a sex performance of a child under age 17 , possessing an obscene sexual performance by a child , and possessing a sexual performance by a child , according to prosecutors . • Eduardo Salcedo Urzola , who was working as an au pair , was arrested in April at his Brooklyn home and charged with possession of child pornography under federal law . Prosecutors said agents identified an IP address at a residence associated with him that made known images and movies of child pornography available for distribution . • Aaron Young , a paramedic with the Fire Department of New York , was arrested in Queens in April and charged with possession of child pornography . Agents identified an IP address at Young 's residence that made known images and movies of child pornography available for distribution . • Yong Wu , an NYPD officer , was arrested in April in Queens and charged with possession of child pornography under state law . Prosecutors said Wu made known images and movies of child pornography available for distribution . • Jonathan Silber , a Boy Scout den master and Little League coach , was arrested at his residence in upstate New York and charged under state law with possession of child pornography . Silber allegedly made known images and movies of child pornography available for distribution via his computer , prosecutors said . Lawyers for the defendants were not immediately available for comment . Burglar finds child sex abuse on tapes he took , points out suspect 4 dead in triple-murder suicide pact linked to child porn probe N.Y. man active in immigration reform arrested on child porn charge	More than 70 arrests have been made in a child porn bust , a law enforcement official says Among those arrested are a police officer , scoutmaster and TSA officer The NYPD officer allegedly used Skype to have women pose their children naked
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A fire at a hotel in northern Iraq killed at least 28 and wounded 22 others Thursday night , Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government said Friday . A short circuit has been blamed for starting the fire , which broke out at the Soma hotel in the city of Sulaimaniya about 11 p.m. Thursday . Women , children and foreigners were among those killed . "  Our hearts go out to the families of the victims of this tragic accident , and we wish a speedy recovery to the injured , " said Kurdish Prime Minister Barham Salih , who visited the scene of the accident and the hospital where the injured were being treated . "  I have ordered an immediate investigation into the accident to establish the causes of the fire and assess the emergency procedures that followed . We will spare no effort in making sure such tragedies do not occur in the future . " Sulaimaniya , in Iraq 's autonomous Kurdistan region , is the capital of a province of the same name , one of the region 's three provinces . It 's about 280 kilometers  173 miles  north of Baghdad . During the summer , hotels in the city are usually packed with tourists from southern provinces because Sulaimaniya is considered a safer city and the weather is nicer . Tourists were among those killed , officials said . Jabbar Yawer , spokesman of the local security forces , told CNN that three Asians who work for a local cell phone company were among those killed . The company 's headquarters is close to the hotel , and many visiting employees stay there . The Kurdish Regional Government said 14 Iraqi nationals and 14 foreign nationals were killed . The foreigners were from Canada , Australia , South Africa , the United Kingdom , Ecuador , Venezuela , Sri Lanka , Lebanon , Bangladesh and Cambodia . One victim remained to be identified , the government said . Earlier , other Kurdish officials said an American and a Filipino were among the dead . Heath officials in Sulaimaniya said that most of those who died were suffocated by smoke because there were no side stairs for an emergency escape in the hotel and the windows are thick and hard to smash . But officials said three young men were able to jump from the hotel 's fifth floor in an attempt to save their lives . Two of them died and the third was critically injured , officials said . Kurdish Regional Government President Massoud Barzani asked authorities to investigate the causes of the fire and take steps to prevent another such tragedy . The Kurdish governmen said Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Al-Maliki issued his condolences and offered to help deal with the tragedy . Salih also ordered an immediate review of fire safety measures at all public buildings in the city and the Kurdish region . The Kurdish Regional Government is working closely with the embassies and consulates to inform the next of kin and to work out repatriation issues .	NEW : Kurdish Regional Government says 28 people were killed NEW : A short circuit is blamed for starting hotel fire NEW : Officials say 14 Iraqis and 14 foreign nationals died
London  CNN  -- Recordings until recently locked inside a college library in the United States might help solve a decades-old murder mystery , but the release of those tapes threatens to damage the fragile peace in Northern Ireland . The investigation into the December 1972 abduction and killing of widow Jean McConville in Belfast was revived by authorities after the release of interviews made by Boston College as part of the Belfast Project . The interviews conducted with former Northern Irish paramilitary fighters provide an oral history of the decades of fighting . Participants in the project were told their recorded interviews would be kept secret until their deaths . Last year a U.S. court ruled that tapes of deceased interviewees that contained claims about the killing be given by Boston College to police in Northern Ireland . One of those featured in the tapes was Brendan Hughes , a now-deceased former commander of the Irish Republican Army  IRA  , a Catholic paramilitary group , who accused Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams of involvement , an allegation he denies . On Wednesday , after recordings made by deceased members of the IRA were passed to police , officers arrested Adams in connection with the killing -- though he has not been charged with an offense . McConville , a mother of 10 children , was taken from her home in Belfast . She was reportedly killed by the IRA because the group believed she was a spy for the British army . Her family say they do not believe she passed information to the British . McConville 's remains were found partially buried on a beach in County Louth in 2003 . She died of a single gunshot wound to the back of the head . "  They came about tea time and they dragged her out of the bathroom and dragged her out , " remembers McConville 's daughter , Helen McKendry , who was then a teenager . In the tapes , Hughes told his interviewer about McConville : "  I knew she was being executed . I knew that . I did n't know she was going to be buried or disappeared as they call them now . " Adams denies any involvement in the killing . "  I believe that the killing of Jean McConville and the secret burial of her body was wrong and a grievous injustice , " Adams , 65 , said in a statement posted on his party website . "  Malicious allegations have been made against me . I reject these . "  While I have never disassociated myself from the IRA and I never will , I am innocent in the abduction , killing or burial of Mrs. McConville , " Adams said . Long associated with the IRA , once considered the armed wing of Sinn Fein , Adams is a prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland . Today , Sinn Fein is Ireland 's second-largest opposition party . Martin McGuinness , a Sinn Fein member and the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland , told reporters in Belfast that the arrest was unnecessary , unjustified and politically motivated . He said he had seen the "  dark side " of Northern Ireland policing "  flex its muscles in the course of the past couple of days " and that the arrest was a " ` deliberate attempt to influence the elections that are due to take place in three weeks ' time . " McGuinness said he was confident that Adams would be able to rejoin election campaigning shortly and would "  continue to lead our party in a very positive way . " Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom , and Protestant loyalists wanted to keep it that way . Catholic nationalists were fighting to force the British out and reunite the north with the rest of Ireland . Known as the Troubles , the conflict lasted 30 years , ending in 1998 with the Good Friday Agreement that brokered peace . The agreement provided a political framework for power-sharing among the parties . Reminders of Irish ` troubles ' rise to surface The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "  The Disappeared " -- those who vanished during the Troubles . Police investigating these killings say they were alerted to the secret archive of interviews by the book , "  Voices from the Grave , " written by Belfast Project archive manager Ed Moloney , which is based on transcripts from two of the recorded interviews . Hughes said in his taped interview that McConville was killed because the IRA believed she was working with the British Army . The McKendrys dismiss this claim though , saying she was too busy looking after her 10 children to be an informer . The Northern Irish police vow to "  follow the material in the Boston Archives all way to court if that 's where it takes them ... they say detectives have a legal responsibility to investigate murders ... and follow all lines of inquiry . " The British government 's then most senior politician on Northern Ireland , Owen Paterson told CNN in 2012 that no one person was above the law . "  We have to support the police to have complete operational independence in pursuing every line of inquiry in bringing those who committed crimes to justice , " Paterson said . It remains to be seen if Adams will charged in a court of law . Former IRA man Richard O'Rawe recorded a statement for the Boston College archives and said lawyers had told him under UK law tapes of interviewees could never be used in court . "  I find it just imponderable , why the police are going down this road when they must know that there is no chance of obtaining any convictions at the end of this , " O'Rawe said in 2012 . Like many other Catholics , O'Rawe said he believed the police are biased against them , trying to settle old scores and bring Adams and others down . But for Helen McKendry , herself a Catholic , getting access to the tapes is about much more . For her , it 's not only about justice but a release from the pain of never knowing the truth . "  They tried to destroy what life I have now , " she said . "  They are the people who committed the crimes in this . They should be worried . " Gerry Adams ' arrest praised by murder victim 's family	Recordings inside a U.S. college library might help solve an old murder mystery But the release of those tapes threatens to damage the fragile peace in Northern Ireland Known as the Troubles , the conflict lasted 30 years , and ended in 1998 The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "  The Disappeared "
New Delhi  CNN  -- The Indian Supreme Court on Wednesday upheld the death sentence for Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , the only surviving gunman from the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai . A trial court sentenced Kasab , a Pakistani , to death in 2010 on charges of murder , conspiracy and waging war on India . The High Court of Mumbai upheld his conviction and sentence in February last year . Now , the Supreme Court has done the same , rejecting his argument that he had n't received a fair trial . "  The court has had a chance to appreciate the evidence completely , " Gopal Subramaniam , a lawyer for the prosecution , said after the verdict . He noted that Kasab had been provided with state-appointed lawyers for his different court hearings . With his appeal rejected by India 's highest court , the options are running out for Kasab . He can still file a review motion with the Supreme Court . If that fails , he can submit a clemency petition to the president . During the November 2008 assault on Mumbai , 10 heavily armed men attacked landmarks around the city , including the luxury Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels , the Victoria Terminus train station , and the Jewish cultural center , Chabad House . More than 160 people were killed in the coordinated attacks that lasted three days . Indian forces killed nine of the suspects , but Kasab , who was photographed holding an assault weapon during the violence , survived and was arrested . India blamed the siege on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistani-based terror group allied with al Qaeda . Indian authorities said Kasab was trained by the organization , which was banned in Pakistan in 2002 after an attack on the Indian parliament . The group has denied responsibility . The Mumbai attacks destabilized peace talks between the Indian and Pakistani governments , which remain bitterly opposed over issues like the disputed Himalayan territory of Kashmir . In the subsequent years , the two nuclear-armed nations have resumed the high-level meetings and relations have improved . In April , President Asif Ali Zardari met with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi during a brief private trip . It was the first visit to India by a Pakistani head of state in seven years . Indian sporting authorities also recently announced the resumption of bilateral cricket tournaments with Pakistan . The sport has often been used as a platform to ease relations . But tensions remain close to the surface . This month , New Delhi alleged that "  elements " in Pakistan were using social-networking sites to stir religious unrest in India amid ethnic clashes between Muslim migrants and native tribal groups in the northeastern state of Assam . India looks to Pakistan for answers after texts trigger mass panic	NEW : Court had the chance to appreciate all the evidence , prosecution lawyer says Kasab faces the death penalty for his role in the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai He still has the options of filing a court review and a clemency petition with the president More than 160 people were killed in the coordinated attacks in 2008
CNN  -- Barely holding back his sobs , a 13-year-old boy makes a heart-rending 911 call to the Grove City Police Department in Ohio . "  My dad just killed my mom . He just told me to call you guys , " the boy is heard telling a 911 dispatcher . "  He just ran outside and killed my mom . And she 's laying in the grass in front of the apartment . " The boy 's father , Jeremy Roberts , had the boy make the call , police said , after allegedly stabbing his ex-wife to death outside his apartment . Despondent dads driven to kill loved ones Roberts then calmly got on the phone himself , giving the apartment 's address and informing police that the "  only " weapon -- a knife -- was outside with his ex-wife , Candice Roberts . "  What did you do ? " the dispatcher asks him . "  She 's covered in a blanket . You guys will see , " Roberts responds in an even tone . He can then be heard , on the nearly five-minute 911 call , telling his children that they have a "  good big sister  who  will take care of you guys . " "  I told you that there 's a lot of things that you do n't understand , and you do n't know . And now there 's no choice for them to come out , " Roberts said in the recorded call , without detailing what he meant . Before going to the front door -- and handing the phone back to his 13-year-old son -- Roberts says , "  One more hug . I love you guys . " A small child can be heard crying in the background . The 13-year-old boy can be overheard telling his father , "  I do n't want to see you right now . " Roberts , 38 , is in custody and will be charged with murder in connection with his ex-wife 's death , police said . The victim had gone to the suspect 's apartment in Grove City , about 10 miles southwest of Columbus , before 9 a.m. Sunday to pick up their two children , police said . Afterward , the 13-year-old boy phoned police to tell them his mother was dead and his father was responsible . Candice Roberts ' 16-year-old daughter told CNN affiliate WCMH she feels "  incomplete and abandoned " after the death of her mother , who she said "  was always there for me . " Her brother is haunted by what he saw , she said . "  My brother says that every time he opens his eyes , he sees my mother 's face and her yelling , ` Help me ! ' " the teenager said . "  And he sees my dad standing there with the blood all over him , and the knife in his hand . " The daughter added that she "  would do everything for him to be held accountable . " "  You do n't just get to murder somebody and get away with it , " she said . ` My own dad tried to kill me ' : Faith , friends help in survival	Jeremy Roberts , 38 , will be charged with murder in his ex-wife 's death , police say "  He just ran outside and killed my mom , " Roberts ' 13-year-old son told a 911 dispatcher Roberts got on the phone , calmly telling police he had stabbed his ex-wife The son who called 911 is haunted by what he saw , his older sister says
CNN  -- A diaper-clad toddler crashed a Jeep Wrangler into a neighbor 's house in Oregon -- then scampered home , sat on the couch and watched cartoons , authorities said . The 3-year-old boy was under his mother 's watch in Myrtle Creek when the incident happened last week , Police Officer Kevin Taggart said . She was not paying attention to him and he found the keys , got inside the car and knocked it out of gear , according to Taggart . A witness called 911 after seeing the child rolling by in the Jeep before hitting the house . Sensing he was in trouble , the toddler jumped out of the car and dashed home . "  An officer went to the boy 's home -- and the boy was sitting on the couch watching cartoons like nothing ever happened , " Taggart said . Police cited the mother for failure to supervise the child following the incident Tuesday . The homeowner and the child 's mother have made a civil arrangement on the repair to the house , authorities said . "  We want to encourage parents to remember that children are very crafty in finding ways to get in trouble and for parents to be very vigilant , " Taggart said . Before the accident , an officer saw the boy sitting in the car and warned a relative to keep an eye on him , authorities said . At the time , when the officer knocked on door , a relative watching the child was sleeping .	3-year-old was at home in Oregon under his mother 's watch He found the keys , got inside the car and knocked it out of gear , police say The Jeep rolled and hit a neighbor 's home Police : Toddler then went home and watched "  cartoons like nothing ever happened "
CNN  -- When "  Evel Dick " Donato left "  Big Brother 13 " during filming , he cited only "  personal reasons " for his decision . He 's now revealing the reason for his exit : He is HIV positive . The winner of "  Big Brother 8 " shared his revelation on an episode of the VH1 reality series "  Couples Therapy " set to air Wednesday . Donato and his girlfriend , Stephanie Rogness-Fischer , are cast members on the show , and in a clip he is seen discussing wanting to come clean about his diagnosis -- which she is adamantly against doing . "  Stephanie does not want to talk about it , and if it 's brought up with her she will probably leave , " he tells the show 's therapist , Jenn Berman . "  There  were  a million rumors of why I left ... but nobody ever knew and nobody ever found out . " CNN first became aware of Donato 's status via Twitter . Donato exited "  Big Brother 13 " after six days . He told People magazine that the show 's producers first alerted him to his diagnosis . "  They told me that something was wrong with my blood test , " he said . "  They had done two HIV tests . One had come back positive and the other had come back negative . " He said he immediately left the show and went to the house of his mother , the first person he told . Donato said he is not gay or an intravenous drug user , "  but at this point , it does n't matter . We create a stigma around the disease that makes it hard for people to publicly say they have it . " Donato is on medication that he will have to take for the rest of his life and said he is coming forward to help others come out of the shadows . He says he 's fully aware of his reputation as a reality-show villain but grateful for the platform . "  And I decided that it was time to just publicly say what I 'm dealing with , " he said . "  On one hand , I 'm doing this for myself : I do n't want to hide anymore . On the other hand , I hope it will remind viewers to get tested , practice safe sex , all those things we know in the back of our minds but maybe do n't do . "	Dick Donato left "  Big Brother 13 " because he has HIV positive Donato said show 's producers first alerted him to diagnosis Reality TV star says he no longer wants to hide
Atlanta  CNN  -- Ted Turner has donated $ 1 million to help save endangered gorillas in eastern Congo , the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund announced . "  We may live on the opposite side of the planet from Africa , but what happens there can and will affect what happens here , and all around our fragile planet , " he said Wednesday . He urged others to donate money to the cause , the Fossey Fund said in a statement . "  It comes down to this : every single gorilla counts ; every single person counts in protecting the gorillas ; and every single dollar counts in supporting the work to protect the gorillas , " Turner said , according to the Fossey Fund . His donation is aimed at helping to protect Grauer 's gorillas in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , the fund said . The subspecies has "  received little protection and their numbers are plummeting , " the fund said . The fund was founded by Fossey , the famous naturalist who was murdered in 1985 in Rwanda . The crime has never been solved . Turner 's donation comes as the Fossey Fund works to build three new field stations and hire 30 new staff near the conflict zone in Congo , formerly called Zaire , that is the Grauer 's habitat . Armed groups in the area are fighting over natural resources . Turner , a cable television entrepreneur turned billionaire philanthropist , founded CNN in 1980 but is not currently involved in the company .	The donation goes to the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund , named for the murdered naturalist "  Every single gorilla counts , " Turner says in making his donation The fund aims to build new field stations and hire new staff in a conflict zone Turner founded CNN in 1980 but is not involved in the company now
CNN  -- The Republicans appear to think North Carolina has the answer to their latest conundrum : how to sidestep growing calls for extending unemployment benefits for the 1.3 million Americans who depend on them without looking like uncompassionate conservatives . A measure to renew Emergency Unemployment Compensation died in this Senate last week and it 's unclear , given that Congress must now focus on a spending bill , when senators will revisit the bill . Last year , North Carolina 's jobless rate fell to a five-year low after Gov. Pat McCrory and the Republican-controlled legislature slashed unemployment benefits . The reason for this , wrote Diana Furchtgott-Roth , a former economist for the George W. Bush administration , is that unemployment is "  intricately linked to the length of unemployment benefits . " "  If the unemployed have a source of income , " she wrote in Politico , "  they are more likely to turn down lower-paying jobs -- even though they are losing job skills by remaining out of the labor force . The longer the unemployed are out of work , the more their skills atrophy . It is a vicious cycle leading to more long-term unemployment , a characteristic of this recession . " This formulation achieves two things . One , it provides an economic rationale for resisting benefit extension : Jobless insurance discourages people from taking available work . Two , it provides a moral rationale : Discontinuing jobless insurance is the right thing to do . As U.S. Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , noted in the Lexington Herald-Leader : "  You could argue that conservatives who argue for shorter unemployment benefits actually have more concern for the worker than liberals who believe in no limits . Conservatives want to get every able-bodied person back into the work force . " While there 's little doubt that Paul wants "  every able-bodied person back in the work force , " there is ample reason to believe he and others have it upside down and backward . Jobless insurance is n't a cause of unemployment . That 's caused by an economy that , on its own , would take more than seven years , by one estimate , to return to pre-2008 levels . What 's more , Paul 's clumsy attempt to retake the moral high ground reflects another puzzle that no Republican or Democrat has thus far faced : How can we continue to promote the values of freedom , hard work and self-reliance when even a full-time job is n't enough to get by ? There 's one aspect that Furchtgott-Roth omits , and it 's a whopper . Indeed , as she noted , some overqualified people surely settled for low-wage , no-benefit jobs after Raleigh cut their jobless insurance . But the more important reason why North Carolina 's unemployment rate went down is plain to see : People stopped looking for work . More precisely , they stopped being counted . According to the Department of Labor 's most recent jobs report , the U.S. economy added far fewer jobs than expected  74,000 compared to 200,000  but the unemployment rate fell . Why ? Because of something called the "  participation rate . " That 's the Labor Department 's best guess measure of the number of those who are currently working and those who are looking for work . December saw the lowest participation rate in four decades . A low employment rate may be good for politics  making the rounds is an impressive graph depicting a thin blue line dramatically falling over the course of President Barack Obama 's time in office  . But a low participation rate is bad for the economy and for everyone . It suggests an array of social ills , like millions of educated young people who ca n't get their lives started . But it also comes at a time when in Washington the need for balanced budgets trumps the need for jobs , and when all the tools used to counteract the panic of 2008 -- including "  the stimulus , " food stamps , unemployment benefits and the Federal Reserve 's monthly infusion of $ 80 billion -- have expired or are expiring . This year may reveal just how bad the real economy is . The Republicans no doubt fear that if they agree to an extension of unemployment benefits , or compromise on any safety net program , that they wo n't get the credit . The Democrats will . And unlike the Democrats , who would be rewarded in this year 's midterm elections , the Republicans would be punished by voters who believe welfare is , as one congressman put it , "  legalized plunder . " Such is the price for politicizing formerly nonpartisan economic issues . But the Republicans face a philosophical conundrum as well as a political one . As Senator Paul noted : "  The Republican Party has always proposed ideas of less government and more freedom . " But if the economy on its own is incapable of creating the 7.4 million jobs needed to return to "  normal , " what does such a formulation mean ? In terms of the long-term unemployed , it means less government equals less freedom , a lot less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Stoehr .	John Stoehr : GOP uses North Carolina 's lowered jobless rate in unemployment debate He says rate fell after benefits slashed . GOP argues benefits make people turn down jobs This gives GOP cover for not extending jobless benefits , he says . But it masks economic reality Stoehr : N.C. rate reflects people no longer looking for jobs . Where is GOP 's solution ?
CNN  -- A group of 20 doctors who were detained during this year 's protests in Bahrain have been convicted of attempting to overthrow the government and hit with lengthy prison sentences , authorities and a human rights group said Thursday . Thirteen of the physicians were sentenced to 15 years in prison , two for 10 years and five for five years , said military prosecutor , Col. Yussef Rashid Flaifel . Charges against the doctors included possession of unlicensed weapons , inciting the overthrow of the government , provoking sectarian hatred and forceful occupation of a public building , officials said . Prosecutors have alleged that , at the height of the protests earlier this year , the accused medical personnel refused to help patients at Salmaniya Medical Complex , the main hospital in the Bahraini capital , Manama . "  The Salmaniya Hospital was used as a coordination center for three weeks for protests calling for the overthrow of the government . Those doctors who have been found guilty were charged with abusing the hospital for political purposes , " a government spokesman said . "  Nobody is above the law . " This month , the doctors were released on bail after reports that several of them had gone on hunger strikes . At the time , human rights activists hoped that their release was good sign , though the charges against the doctors still stood . But Thursday , Amnesty International issued a statement , decrying the court 's decision . "  These are simply ludicrous charges against civilian professionals who were working to save lives amid very trying circumstances , " said Philip Luther , deputy director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa program . "  It appears that the real reason for targeting these health workers was the fact that they denounced the government crackdown on protesters in interviews to international media . " "  We 've repeatedly said that Bahraini authorities should never have used military courts to prosecute ordinary civilians , including doctors , teachers and human rights activists , " he added . An attorney for the doctors said the group will appeal the verdict next month in a Bahraini civilian appellate court . Protests have lingered in Bahrain for months despite a crackdown by the kingdom 's Sunni monarchy , backed by troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . More than 30 people have been killed during the demonstrations , in which activists say Bahraini security forces used live ammunition against protesters . Opposition groups say more than 1,000 people -- mainly Shiites -- have been detained and more than 2,000 have lost their jobs for allegedly taking part in the protests .	The doctors are accused of trying to overthrow the Bahraini government Most of the doctors were sentenced to 15 years in prison Their lawyer says they will appeal the convictions in October The charges "  are simply ludicrous , " an Amnesty International official says
CNN  -- At six foot five , with his shock of blonde hair shaved into a fat Mohawk and talking in a languid Georgian drawl , Omar Jarun looks like he was once part of an all-conquering college basketball team . But the 26-year-old American does n't play basketball . Or at least not well . "  I played recreational basketball for one season , " he told CNN . "  People told me I should try it because of my height . But I was n't any good at it . " Instead life had a different path for Jarun , one that would take him far from his native Peachtree City , Georgia . On Sunday he will line up as a defender for the Palestinian national soccer team as they take on Afghanistan in a match that , just one year on from the World Cup final in South Africa , represents one of the first steps towards qualification for the next tournament in Brazil in 2014 . Besides being Palestine 's first World Cup match on home soil , Sunday 's encounter will have extra significance for Jarun . It will be the first time he has ever set foot in the West Bank and he plans to visit his ancestral town of Tulkarem . His team traveled for 24 hours to be able to play their first match against Afghanistan . The game was moved from Kabul to the tiny aluminum smelting town of Tursunzade in southern Tajikistan -- a few miles from the Uzbek and Afghan border -- for fear of violence in Afghanistan . Palestine won 2-0 and now have a good chance of qualifying for the second round where they would play Thailand . The return match , to be held Sunday in Ramallah , will also be a landmark : Palestine 's first ever World Cup match on home soil . "  My dad taught me to play the game . He would always take me and my brother out and we would always play around the back yard , " Jarun says . "  I kicked football in high school , and I was actually pretty good at it . They wanted me to pursue it in college but I did n't really want to . I wanted to play with a team , I really wanted to play soccer . " Jarun 's remarkable story began in Kuwait . Along with his sister , his American mother and Palestinian father , he fled the country in 1990 when Saddam Hussein 's forces invaded the kingdom and sparked the first Gulf War . "  I remember bombs going off . Missiles shooting off near the apartment . I remember grabbing my bear , me and my sister running to my dad 's bedroom and saying : ` What 's going on ? ' " he recalled . "  The next morning my dad would come in shaking from the bombs going off . Because we are American , my mom managed to get the entire family in to the U.S. . We left everything behind . My parents had nothing . " Growing up , Jarun soon discovered his love for soccer , playing for AFC Lightning , the same youth team that nurtured U.S. internationals Clint Mathis and Ricardo Clark . His Arab heritage was seldom an issue , he says , but he noticed a change after 9/11 . "  By looking at me , I look like a white boy , " he laughed . "  You do n't get judged immediately like my father does . Like an Arab . He gets judged right away . But you look at me and you do n't think I 'm Arab . "  Before 9/11 there were no problems , really . I had always established myself as an American from the Middle East . After 9/11 it was very difficult . My dad would tell me : ` Be careful what you say . ' I would get double , tripled-checked at the airport . You know it 's for safety for the country , so I do n't have many complaints about it . " After stints playing for the Atlanta Silverbacks , Vancouver Whitecaps and then in the Polish league , Jarun returned to the U.S. and joined F.C. Tampa Bay in America 's second tier league . But by now he had become an international footballer . A scout from the Palestinian Football Federation discovered him while on a tour looking for professional players from the Palestinian diaspora that might qualify to play for the national team . "  At the time , when I thought of the national team I thought I could play for the U.S. national team at some point but I never really got the opportunity , so I took this one . I really had no idea I 'd be in the Palestinian national team , " he said . "  I knew it was n't going to be the best set-up , I knew it would n't be particularly professional . But I could do my part . I did n't know what I could do for the Palestinian people apart from play football . So when they told me I could play for the Palestinian national team I said yes . " Many will be surprised that Palestine even has a national team . In 1998 FIFA , world football 's governing body , recognized Palestine , making it one of the few international bodies to place it alongside other nation states . But following the outbreak of the second intifada in 2000 , and the imposition of restrictions for residents of the West Bank by the Israelis , the local league was cancelled and national team players were prevented from traveling abroad to fulfil their fixtures . When qualification for the 2006 World Cup began , so many players were prevented from leaving Gaza and the West Bank that only nine could start against Uzbekistan in a match in Doha , Qatar . Today the team is a patchwork of bureaucracy . They fly on seven different sets of papers that make moving through every border , be it Jordanian , Israeli or Tajik , a tough task . One , Roberto Bishara , plays for Palestino in the Chilean first division , a team set up by Palestinian immigrants . Three others are Israeli Arabs who have played in Israel 's first division while most of the rest play in Jordan or for teams in the newly professional West Bank Premier League . The coach , Mousa Bezaz and his assistant are French Algerian ; eight players and the goalkeeper coach are from Gaza , which is controlled by the militant Palestinian movement Hamas and in many ways cut off from the outside world . Others have an East Jerusalem ID , a separate identity reserved for those Palestinians who live in the divided city or have family there . Gaza-born players who now play in the West Bank have recently been refused re-entry when trying to come home via Jordan . Arguably the team 's best player , defender Abdel Latif Bahdari , was repeatedly refused permission to leave Gaza through Egypt due to a ban on visas for men aged between 18 and 40 . By the time he finally got out it was too late for him to make the team . Jarun recalls first meeting his teammates . "  Their first impressions were : ` Who the hell is this guy ? How the hell is this guy Palestinian ? ' But they welcomed me in like I was one of the brothers . It was n't like I was an outsider . No one was judging each other . "  They could tell I had good intentions for the team . Being an American I can explain to people in America what was going on in their country . " Jarun believes victory on Sunday will do far more than send Palestine into the next round . "  I think the match is huge man . Sport brings countries together and I do n't know a better way for the world to know about Palestine apart from this soccer team , " he explained . "  Coming from outside , I feel that this is such a big step for this country . We can show that the Palestinians are normal people . "	Palestine 's soccer team plays Afghanistan in a World Cup qualifying match Omar Jarun , one of Palestine 's defenders , is an American-Arab who was brought up in Georgia He is visiting his ancestral homeland for the first time Palestine 's national team is playing in the World Cup qualifiers for the first time
CNN  -- The story has become a cliché when talk turns to young people and the internet : A young adult posts pictures of a beer-soaked keg stand on Facebook .  In this modern-day parable , it 's always a keg stand -- a means of guzzling beer directly from a keg -- and always Facebook .  Potential employer goes online and finds the photo . Young person does n't get the job . Samantha Abernethy , 26 , figures this fictional over-sharer probably does n't deserve the job . But not for the reason you might think . "  I think the employer is more likely to judge you for not understanding the  Facebook  privacy settings than they are for doing the keg stand , " said Abernethy , who edits local news sites in Chicago , Illinois . "  If you 're concerned about what 's out there , you make sure nobody can find you by Googling you . " It 's a point that highlights one facet of the digital world 's complex set of views about privacy . Often , younger users -- the so-called "  digital natives " who have roamed the Web for as long as they can remember -- are less worried than older people about their privacy online . But it 's not because they do n't care about protecting their information . In many cases , experts say , it 's because they understand how to control it better than older users . To them , it 's easy to pick and choose what to share , how to share it and with whom . "  I do n't really see the big deal in it , " said Adam Britten , 20 , a Syracuse University junior currently studying in London . "  We know how to operate the system . " To be sure , concerns about how much personal information can be accessed on the Web are real , as advertisers , social-networking sites and even criminals look for data to use -- and sometimes abuse . But research from Pew Research Center seems to show privacy concerns actually declining as people grow more comfortable with the internet . In a Pew survey released in May , 33 percent of respondents said they were worried about how much information is available about them online . That 's down from 40 percent in 2006 . Only 30 percent of users between 18-29 said they were worried , the lowest of any age group except for people 65 and older , who may worry less because they do n't use the internet much , if at all . Again , Pew notes that not being worried does n't necessarily mean no desire for privacy . "  It is important to note that the results from this question are not a measure of internet users ' overall views on ` privacy ' or the extent to which they wish to have control over their personal information online , " the report reads . "  A relative lack of concern about the availability of personal information online does not necessarily translate into inaction . Indeed , many of the least concerned internet users have still taken steps to restrict what they share with others . " In fact , the youngest internet users were the most likely to have protected themselves on the Web , with 44 percent saying they had taken steps to limit information about themselves . Still , the stereotype exists that sites like Facebook and Twitter are a font of digital data that bad guys use to pilfer personal details . And young folks , the thinking goes , are all too happy to spill their most intimate details . "  It 's the end of privacy only if people are stupid enough to post their personal information on sites like Facebook , Myspace , Twitter , and all those other useless social-networking sites , " one reader posted this week on an article in CNN 's digital-privacy series . "  Most of the social-networking stuff is crap . People want to feel important by constantly updating their sites to tell the world what they had for breakfast , what movie is really , really cool , and if they had diarrhea last night . " Clay Shirky , a 42-year-old professor of new media at NYU 's Interactive Telecommunications Program , compares views like that to another social phenomenon : rock 'n' roll . You know , that noisy fad created by untalented cretins bent on leading the world 's youth to hell ? Just like some adults did n't get the appeal of Chuck Berry and Jerry Lee Lewis in the '50s and '60s , some do n't get Twitter and Foursquare now . "  Whenever young people are allowed to indulge in something old people are not allowed to , it makes us bitter , " Shirky said in a New York magazine article titled "  Say Everything . " "  What did we have ? The mall and the parking lot of the 7-Eleven ? It sucked to grow up when we did ! And we 're mad about it now . "  People are always eager to believe that their behavior is a matter of morality , not chronology ,  but  you did n't behave like that because nobody gave you the option . " Researchers say that older users , who have spent most of their lives without social-networking sites , often have to overcome privacy fears in a way that younger users do n't . Older users are the fastest-growing segment on sites like Facebook . But many remain mistrustful of such sites , perhaps because of the sometimes-complicated measures that protecting privacy requires . In a CNN article last year , Karen Essman , then 61 , said she uses Facebook , but has a hard time convincing friends to join her , in part because they 're worried about scams . "  It 's a little bit more difficult for older people , " she said . A survey conducted this spring suggested that much of the backlash over Facebook privacy changes earlier this year came from adults over the age of 35 . Alice Marwick , a social-media researcher for Microsoft Research , predicts that the stereotype of young people oversharing online may be starting to fade . "  I think that , a few years ago when this concern was really at a peak , the people who were judging young people for their online information practices were n't really using social media themselves , " she said . "  As we see more people in their 40s and 50s and 60s get involved ... I think we 're going to see much less of this generational schism than we do today . " Marwick is quick to point out , though , that age might not be the best way to judge attitudes , and aptitude , regarding digital privacy . "  Someone 's level of education , their access to technology in the home -- those types of things are going to have more of an effect on their comfort level than their age , " she said . And while many young adults may be among the most savvy internet users , she said research shows that many teens , and even younger Web users , may not always understand online privacy and still sometimes share things without understanding the possible ramifications . Experts say that 20-somethings like Britten and Abernethy are more comfortable with today 's internet because they 've never known it any other way . So , while a 40-something Web user may feel squeamish about Facebook ads triggered by things they "  like " or Google programs scanning their e-mails for keywords , 20-somethings consider it par for the course . "  I do n't think those are that annoying -- they 're just something we have to live with , " said Britten , who started using message boards and Web chat rooms when he was about 10 . "  We 're exposed to ads so frequently that I almost do n't even see them any more . " Abernethy , who was 2 when her family first got a computer , said she 's not bothered by the targeted ads either . At least , not yet . "  Not until they track me down and knock on my door and ask if I want to buy a Snickers . "	Experts : Young adults are less concerned than older adults about privacy online Pew research shows concerns about online data dipping , with youngest users least concerned Researcher says teens and younger users still might share without understanding
CNN  In the midst of all the shouting over Indiana 's new religious-freedom law , which many fear will lead to increased discrimination against LGBT people , culture warriors marked the grim anniversary of another conservative "  victory , " one that left more than 10,000 needy children without their pledged financial support . A year ago this week , I rose each morning with red , puffy eyes and heavy sense of exhaustion . I had n't slept soundly since March 26 , a day many of my friends and readers mark as the last day they wanted anything to do with organized Christianity . It all started when World Vision , a humanitarian organization I had long supported and promoted , announced a change to its hiring policy allowing people in same-sex marriages to work in its U.S. offices . In response , conservative evangelicals rallied , and within 72 hours , more than 10,000 children had lost their financial support from canceled World Vision sponsorships . Ten-thousand children . In addition , funding for schools , hospitals , water projects , and medical care was threatened as churches vowed to cut off support to an organization that hired LGBT people . As one of my readers , Anthony , recalls , "  Our church leadership vowed that they would pull all support , including over $ 2 million to build two hospitals in Zambia . " To try and stem some of the bleeding , I joined with other World Vision bloggers to encourage my readers to sponsor children or make one-time donations to the organization . We had raised several thousand dollars and multiple sponsorships -- many coming from gay and lesbian couples -- when the CEO of World Vision announced the charity would reverse its decision and return to its old policies discriminating against gay and lesbian employees . It had worked . Using wells and hospitals and child sponsorships as bargaining chips in the culture wars had actually worked . Never in my life had I been so angry at my own faith tradition . Many conservative evangelicals count the World Vision reversal as a major victory in the culture wars . Eric Teetsel , director of the Manhattan Declaration , told Christianity Today he considered it "  the best news of 2014 " for evangelical Christians . "  This was Christianity at its best , " he said . But as I survey the battlefield a year later , I ca n't help but wonder if even the most strident culture warriors would consider the World Vision campaign worth its many casualties . There are , of course , the families around the world affected by the sudden drying up of funds meant to support their hospitals and schools , not to mention the kids who used to receive letters and gifts from their sponsors , but whose pictures were casually ripped from the refrigerator and tossed into the garbage can once they were deemed expendable collateral in an American political battle . Then there are the many gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender people ,  especially LGBT Christians caught in the middle  , for whom the campaign represented yet another blow to their humanity . I remember a gay friend of mine telling me , through tears , "  Christians do n't even think I 'm worthy of answering phones in the office of a humanitarian organization . What makes them think I would be welcome in their churches ? " And then there are the many Christians and former Christians for whom the World Vision campaign was the final straw in a drawn-out disillusionment with organized religion . When I marked the anniversary with a Facebook status on the topic , I was surprised by how many of my readers marked March 26 as the day they left the church . "  I do n't think I can ever get over this , " wrote Kelly . "  Changed my views on evangelicalism and my faith forever . " Anthony , who once taught Sunday school at his church , only rarely attends now . This is the tragic irony of the culture wars : The casualties tend to be the very people Jesus went out of his way to serve : the poor , the sick , the marginalized , the outcasts , the people ostracized and deemed "  sinners " by the religious elite . And when the world sees Christians hurting rather than helping such people , in the name of political gain , our testimony is profoundly diminished . We have lost the way of Jesus when we are more committed to self-preservation than service , more occupied with waging war than washing feet . In all likelihood , Indiana 's religious-freedom law will not directly affect many people . But the conversation that has surrounded it , in which discrimination against LGBT people has been characterized as a "  deeply held religious belief , " will have far more lasting effects , not unlike the effects of the campaign against World Vision . So to the culture warriors , I plead : Before you wage the next campaign , assess the potential collateral damage and ask yourself if it 's worth it . Remember that the fruit of the Spirit is not power or might , influence or entitlement . The fruit of the Spirit is love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , and self control , and "  against such things , there is no law "  Galatians 5:23  . And to the wounded , I offer only this : You are not alone . Please know there are field medics -- pastors and priests , artists and activists , poets and parents and healers and dreamers -- ready to welcome you back to faith and to church whenever you 're ready . We can walk the long road to healing together , even if it 's with a limp .	Indiana 's religious freedom law will not directly affect many people , but conversation around it , will have lasting effects , writes Held Evans The casualties of the culture wars tend to be the very people Jesus went out of his way to serve , says Evans
Washington  CNN  -- On the eve of a speech by President Barack Obama about his administration 's counterterrorism policy , Attorney General Eric Holder acknowledged for the first time Wednesday that U.S. drone strikes have killed four Americans overseas since 2009 . Read Holder 's letter Here 's a look at drones by the numbers : 1917 : The year the U.S. military first began researching and using unmanned aerial vehicles  UAV  . 1990 : The year the Federal Aviation Administration first approved the use of unmanned aircraft in national airspace . 9.31 per 100,000 : Combined total of accidents per flying hour of unmanned aerial vehicles in the U.S. Air Force fleet , made by Northrup Grumman Corp. and General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. , according to a June 2012 analysis by Bloomberg . 20.4 : Percentage of the global UAS  unmanned aerial systems  market held by General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. , the largest of any American company . 18.9 : Percentage of the global UAS market held by Northrup Grumman Corp. , second largest American company . 41 : Percentage of the total of Department of Defense aircraft that are unmanned , as of 2010 . Navy catapults drone from aircraft carrier 355 : Total number of known U.S. military drone strikes in Pakistan from 2004 to 2013 , according to the New America Foundation . 120 : Total number of known U.S. military drone strikes in Yemen between 2002 and 2013 , according to the New America Foundation . 5 : Members of the class of 2011 at the University of North Dakota who were the first in the United States to receive degrees in unmanned aircraft systems operations . $ 26.16 billion : Amount of funding for UAS requested for Fiscal Year 2013 in the president 's budget . $ 6.6 billion : Worldwide spending on unmanned aerial systems research and development and procurement in 2013 , according to research estimates by the Teal Group . $ 11.4 billion : Estimated spending on UAS research , development and procurement in 2022 . 6 : Proposed FAA test sites for unmanned aircraft systems  UAS  research and test sites around the country . 24 : States reportedly competing for contracts to build a test site . 327 : Drone permits  called "  certificates or authorization of waiver "  active in the United States as of February 2013 . 1014 : Permits issued since 2009 . Nearly 13 hours : Sen. Rand Paul 's filibuster in March of John Brennan 's nomination as CIA director over U.S. drone policy .	The U.S. military first began researching and using unmanned aerial vehicles in 1917 General Atomics Aeronautical Systems and Northrup Grumman dominate drone market 41 % of U.S. Department of Defense aircraft are unmanned There have been 1,014 drone permits issued since 2009
When you click "  Like " on your friends ' Facebook posts , do you really mean it ? If seeing your Facebook friends living wonderful , fun-filled lives gives you a case of the blues , you 're not alone . A new University of Michigan study found that the more people checked Facebook , the more likely they were to feel worse about their own lives . To measure people 's feelings and Facebook usage , the team enlisted a small group of young adult Facebook users in Michigan and texted them five times a day for two weeks . Each text linked to an online survey that asked how they were feeling . In addition to reporting how much they were checking Facebook , the subjects rated their worry and loneliness levels at that moment as well as their overall satisfaction with life . The authors also asked people to rate their level of life satisfaction at the start and end of the study , and found that the more participants used Facebook over the two-week study period , the more their life satisfaction levels declined . By contrast , the study found that face-to-face interactions with others led people to feel better over time . "  Over a billion people belong to Facebook , and over half of them log in every day , " said University of Michigan social psychologist Ethan Kross , lead author of the study . "  On the surface , Facebook provides an invaluable resource for fulfilling the basic human need for social connection . But rather than enhancing well-being , our findings demonstrate that interacting with Facebook may have the opposite result for young adults . " What is it about the social network that bums some people out ? One theory is that people are comparing themselves to their friends ' seemingly fantastic digital lives and feeling inferior . Though the sample group of 82 people was small , the findings are similar to other studies about Facebook use and mental health . Facebook has become a tempting subject for researchers because of its role as a constant presence in so many people 's lives . Psychologists , sociologists and other academics are curious about what kind of impact it has on its users ' brains , emotions and self-worth . Some researchers have tapped directly into the gold mine of data generated by the social network  Facebook has its own staff of data scientists and sometimes teams up with universities  , while others conduct their own independent studies . In early 2012 , a study out of Utah Valley University also found that many people had a case of the blues after checking Facebook . The researchers talked to a group of 425 students and found correlations between the amount of time people spent checking Facebook and negative feelings about their own lives . The more time their subjects spent on the social network , the higher probability that they would think their friends lived better , happier lives . In January , a study from Germany found that a third of people felt worse after spending time on Facebook . Seeing updates of friends ' successful careers , cute babies and fabulous vacations inspired feelings of envy , loneliness and even anger .	Study : The more people check Facebook , the worse they feel about their lives Researchers at University of Michigan queried 82 young adults Authors of study say people may compare their lives to friends ' and feel inferior Study is not the first to find negative effects of frequent Facebook use
CNN  -- A little over two days . That 's how long the grand jury deliberated before deciding not to bring an indictment against Darren Wilson , the police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri on August 9 . St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch announced the grand jury had heard more than 70 hours of testimony from 60 witnesses before reaching its decision , which he said was supported by physical evidence . Sadly , the grand jury 's failure to return an indictment of Wilson was not surprising . But do n't blame the grand jury ; blame McCulloch . He oversaw the proceedings and bears responsibility for their outcome . McCulloch compromised the Ferguson grand jury proceedings from the start . He resisted calls to recuse himself , saying , "  I have absolutely no intention of walking away from duties and the responsibilities entrusted in me by the people of this community . " However , the community would have been better served if he had stepped aside . Are protests taking place near you ? McCulloch 's father was a police officer killed in a shootout with an African-American suspect . His brother , uncle and cousin served with the St. Louis Police Department , and his mother worked there for 20 years as a clerk . Newsweek noted McCulloch 's "  long history of siding with the police . " For the sake of impartiality , McCulloch should have let a special prosecutor take over the case . The grand jury only needed to find "  probable cause " to charge Wilson . That 's one of the lowest legal standards in our justice system , below "  beyond a reasonable doubt "  required for a criminal conviction  and "  preponderance of the evidence "  the standard in a civil trial  . The fact that McCulloch did not get an indictment for a killing that shocked the nation raises questions about whether he really wanted an indictment . "  We will be presenting absolutely everything to this grand jury , " McCulloch said in August . Yet in grand jury proceedings , the prosecutor typically shows the minimal amount of evidence necessary to establish that a trial is merited . By dumping so much evidence on the grand jury , McCulloch may have overwhelmed them and led them to the wrong conclusion . In the process , he 's opened himself to charges that he was acting to protect Wilson . Opinion : Why I feel torn about the Ferguson verdict Consider McCulloch 's time frame for the grand jury , which The New York Times described as "  prolonged and exhaustive . " Grand juries routinely return criminal indictments in a matter of days . But the Ferguson proceedings dragged on for months , putting a burden on the jurors to recall everything and then decide wisely . Another red flag was that this lengthy process was riddled with leaks , all of which supported Wilson 's account of the events . Worse , McCulloch declined to recommend charges to the grand jury . Prosecutors normally walk a jury through the charges they are seeking , breaking them down and explaining why they are deserved . McCulloch instead left the Ferguson grand jury to sort through terms such as "  voluntary manslaughter " and "  involuntary manslaughter in the second degree " on their own -- making it more likely that they would not seek an indictment . In fact , McCulloch could have brought charges directly against Wilson , circumventing the grand jury . He chose not to do so , which is a troubling indicator of his interest in aggressively prosecuting this case . Opinion : Ferguson shows failure at every level Sure , there are conflicting accounts of what transpired between Wilson and Michael Brown . Was Wilson in fear for his life , as he told investigators , when he and Brown struggled for his gun ? Did Brown have his hands up when he was fatally shot ? We will never know , because there will be no trial . That 's a tragedy for the Brown family and an affront to the fundamental American value that we all are equal under the law . The grand jury 's decision has implications far beyond Ferguson . Gallup polling has found that African-Americans have less confidence in the criminal justice system than white Americans , while a W.W. Kellogg Foundation report found that 68 % of Latinos report being worried about police brutality . Wilson walking free will likely reinforce the views among communities of color that our justice system is unfair . And when significant segments of our population lose faith in our justice system , our democracy is weakened . The Ferguson decision reflects poorly on prosecutor McCulloch . His flawed grand jury proceedings ensured that justice was not served for Michael Brown .	Raul Reyes : Grand jury decided not to indict Officer Darren Wilson ; prosecutor key in this He says Robert McCulloch compromised grand jury from start , should have recused himself His giving grand jury voluminous evidence made it seem he was acting to protect Wilson Reyes : Decision an affront to the fundamental American value we are all are equal under law
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban say they are suspending talks with the United States to exchange Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl -- the only American soldier held as a captive -- for five Taliban prisoners . U.S. diplomats had been carrying out "  extremely sensitive discussions " with Taliban intermediaries , a U.S. official told CNN on Tuesday . The Taliban said the discussions were taking place in Qatar , where the group opened an office last year . However , on Sunday , Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid sent a statement saying the group has called for the talks to be suspended . "  The leadership of the Islamic Emirate has decided to suspend the process for some time due to the current complex political situation in the country , " the statement said . "  The process will remain suspended without the exchange of the prisoners until our decision to resume . " Mujahid did not say what "  complex political situation " the statement referred to . Bergdahl has been held by insurgents in Pakistan since 2009 . Taliban leaders ` appreciate ' Karzai Another statement released by a Taliban spokesman Sunday said a high-ranking delegation recently met in an "  atmosphere of peace and sincerity " with representatives of the Afghan High Peace Council in the United Arab Emirates . The Taliban representatives "  appreciate " Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's release of 65 prisoners in February , the statement said . It credited the release "  as a reply to our previous demands in this regard . " U.S officials strongly objected to the release of men who they said pose a threat to security forces and civilians . The group included an alleged Taliban explosives expert , a suspected Haqqani network commander and a specialist accused of building and placing improvised explosive devices . "  These individuals are dangerous , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  They pose threats to the safety and security of the Afghan people and the Afghan state . " Negotiating with terrorists American officials are adamant that they have never given up on trying to get Bergdahl back and resist calling the current effort "  renewed " discussions . But driving the current effort , according to the U.S. official , is Bergdahl 's poor health and concern that a full troop withdrawal from Afghanistan at year 's end would essentially close the door on any rescue attempt . The United States has long declared that it wo n't negotiate with terrorists , which is what it considers the Taliban . However , "  we have a history of being able to dance pretty effectively along the edges of the declaration , " said retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN military analyst . Opinion : Should the U.S. negotiate with terrorists ? Possible obstacle One possible obstacle to securing Bergdahl 's release is what may be asked in return . The Taliban have long demanded the release of five detainees at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , but another U.S. official said that releasing them would be difficult because Congress would have to be notified in advance , and lawmakers have previously resisted releasing them . Van Hipp , who served as a deputy assistant Army secretary under former President George H.W. Bush , said that trading Guantanamo inmates for Bergdahl would put at risk "  every American soldier deployed all over the world . " "  We are sending the message to terrorist organizations all over the world that it 's OK to capture an American soldier , that America will deal with you , " said Hipp , now a defense consultant in Washington . "  I think we need to give the green light to the Special Ops and let them do their jobs quietly and methodically , as they have done so well in the past , " he added . Who is Bowe Bergdahl ? Fits and starts In May 2012 , the U.S. government acknowledged that it had been engaged in talks with the Taliban to free Bergdahl , but those talks moved in fits and starts because of U.S. concerns that any Taliban prisoners swapped for the sergeant might be repatriated and allowed to rejoin the fight . Bergdahl , of Wood River Valley , Idaho , appeared in diminished health in a video that the U.S. military obtained in January . His family also received a letter from him last year via the Red Cross . The United States believes that one route to getting Bergdahl back may be through Qatari officials , who have been talking to the Taliban . But Bergdahl is believed to be held by operatives from the Haqqani network , an insurgent force affiliated with the Taliban and al Qaeda -- and it was not clear whether Haqqani operatives would abide by any agreement among the United States , Qatar and the Taliban . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Matt Smith and Barbara Starr contributed to this report	NEW : Taliban express appreciation to Karzai for recent prisoner release Official : U.S. diplomats had been carrying out "  extremely sensitive discussions " Taliban point to "  current complex political situation " Bergdahl has been held by insurgents in Pakistan since 2009
Financial Times  -- China is looking at introducing tough controls on its carbon pollution as soon as 2016 , in a shift that could boost talks on a global agreement to curb greenhouse gas emissions , an official at the heart of state carbon policy has said . China , which accounts for nearly a quarter of global carbon dioxide emissions , has resisted international pressure to commit to absolute cuts in its emissions , which are the world 's highest . Instead , it has said it will lower its "  carbon intensity " , or emissions relative to economic output . However , the powerful economic planning ministry is considering an outright cap on emissions for its next five-year plan  2016-20  and is studying what level would be appropriate , Jiang Kejun said . That could help to break a deadlock at the heart of UN climate talks , which are aiming to agree a legally binding global deal on cutting emissions -- at a 2015 meeting in Paris -- that would take effect from 2020 . Mr Jiang , a carbon policy researcher at the National Development and Reform Commission , said : "  I am sure China will have a total emission target during the 13th five-year plan . " Mr Jiang , whose department is influential in shaping China 's carbon policies , said a target for total emissions would be "  more effective " than the previous intensity target . He added it was "  very possible " China might drop its longstanding opposition to carbon caps for developing nations before the UN climate talks in Paris in 2015 . "  The whole world needs to come up with a good protocol , and this should be the last protocol , otherwise we will not have time , " said Mr Jiang , referring to the Paris climate talks . China 's emissions cap would be linked to the existing caps on coal consumption , he said . Another reason for the changing stance is the growing public debate over air pollution in China , where it has become a public health crisis as well as a political issue . No official announcement has been made about an absolute emissions cap but Mr Jiang 's comments mark the first time China 's carbon policy makers have spoken publicly about such a plan . His remarks are in line with a shift in China 's position that some say has been evident in recent closed climate talks outside the formal UN negotiations . The UN talks have stalled because the US and other wealthy western countries say they can not approve a deal until big developing countries such as China drop their historical opposition to making the sorts of emissions cuts that have so far only been demanded of industrialised powers . Peter Kent , the Canadian environment minister , said that both China and Brazil had made "  very positive sounds " about such a shift at a meeting of the so-called Major Economies Forum on Energy and Climate in Washington DC in April . "  Both Brazil and China were saying things that I 'd never heard before , " Mr Kent said . They were among countries that had until now been "  reluctant to step up and step away from " their previous positions on curbing emissions but "  all of a sudden were making some very positive sounds " . He added : "  We still have a way to go , but it was very encouraging . China and Brazil in particular , I think we 're seeing movement from them to eventually make commitments . " The MEF includes the US , the EU and the Brics nations . The combined emissions of its members account for more than four-fifths of all fossil fuel greenhouse gas emissions , far more than the 15 per cent covered by the only existing global climate treaty , the Kyoto protocol . China 's leaders , Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang , have forged ahead with efforts to control carbon emissions since they took office in March . After several years of preparation , China is this year launching seven pilot carbon exchanges , which are envisioned as a testing ground for a possible national emissions tradition scheme later . Part of the reason for China 's enthusiasm for controlling emissions is that policy makers see these controls as a way to rebalance China 's economy away from energy-intensive , resource-intensive sectors and towards "  cleaner " sectors such as services and technology . It is still unclear how China 's carbon cap would be enforced , and whether it would be a firm limit or a loose target . A second policy maker who works on carbon policy at the NDRC declined to comment on the carbon cap , saying only that "  no announcement has been made so far " . The NDRC did not respond to faxed questions about a future carbon cap . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	China may introduce checks on carbon pollution by 2016 A Chinese policy expert says the economic planning ministry is exploring an emissions cap China accounts for nearly a quarter of global carbon dioxide emissions Tough emission controls in China could help break a deadlock in UN climate talks
CNN  -- Rescue workers have pulled a body from underneath the rubble of a collapsed apartment building in Cologne , Germany , police spokeswoman Astrid Gelss told CNN . The remains of Cologne 's archive building following the collapse on Tuesday afternoon . The apartment building collapsed together with two other buildings on March 3 . Initially as many as nine people were reported missing , but after seven of them reported to the authorities that they were safe , search and rescue efforts focused on finding the two remaining missing men . Rescue workers found the body at about 2 a.m. Sunday morning  8 p.m. ET Saturday  . It has not been identified . The search for the second missing person is still ongoing , Gelss said . It is still not clear what caused the collapse of the building which contained the city 's historical archives , bringing down parts of the two nearby structures . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Rescue workers pull body from rubble of collapsed building One person still missing after building collapsed in Cologne Authorities have n't yet determined what brought down the structure
CNN  -- The people who killed three Israeli teenagers have hurt the Israeli people deeply , there 's no doubt about that . But they have also harmed Palestinians , and they have hurt the cause of peace . Anyone who fails to condemn this horrific act -- the murder of students going home from school -- is contributing to the poison that makes peace so difficult in the Mideast . Anyone who hesitates , who equivocates , is helping to prolong the conflict . For Palestinians and their supporters around the world , if you remain silent about the killing of Israelis , you are adding to the duration and bitterness of this conflict . Excuse this atrocity , and you condemn the people of this area to remain enemies for the foreseeable future . That does not mean you can not criticize Israeli actions , but the cold-blooded murder of Israeli children will have the effect of making Israelis less willing to believe they can accept Palestinians as their neighbors and live in peace . Israelis today are consumed with grief , but they are watching how the world reacts . They are watching how Palestinians react . I , for one , am convinced that the vast majority of Israelis would strongly support , even advocate and push for a withdrawal from the West Bank if they really believed that they would be safe living alongside a Palestinian state . These attacks undermine their confidence . They provide evidence to back the claim that Palestinians will never let that happen , that what they really want is to destroy Israel . In the hours after we learned that bodies of the three teens -- Eyal Yifrach , 19 , Gilad Shaar , 16 and Naftali Frankel , 16 -- had been found under a pile of rocks in a field near Hebron , reaction has been predictable and often disheartening , just as it was when we found out someone had kidnapped them on June 12 . Frankel , it 's worth noting , was an American citizen , which brings up the question of how the United States will respond to his killing . Secretary of State John Kerry said earlier that "  many indications point to Hamas involvement , " noting that Hamas , designated as a terrorist organization by many countries , has used kidnappings in the past . The FBI says it has launched an investigation . The atrocities were swiftly condemned by some countries . On social media , there has been a flurry of accusations against Israel ahead of what is expected to be a strong Israeli reaction against Hamas , which Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he is absolutely sure carried out the operation . But others were slow to comment . It took the European Union 's foreign policy chief almost a week to condemn the kidnappings . She did it only after Israel complained about European silence . Days earlier , Israeli forces rushed into the West Bank in an urgent and ultimately unsuccessful effort to find the three before they were killed . The military deployment produced clashes with protesters in which five Palestinians were killed by Israeli soldiers . That received a great deal of attention . The mothers of the kidnapped students appealed for help at the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , describing "  every mother 's nightmare ... waiting and waiting endlessly for her child to come home . " They described their children , one was an amateur pastry chef . Another "  loves to play guitar and basketball . He 's a good student and a good boy , " said a heartbroken Racheli Frankel of her son Neftali . But the Human Rights Council reacted to her tearful words with chilling indifference . Many others , including human rights organizations , tempered their criticism of the kidnapping by calling the boys "  settlers . " The truth is that two of the three did not live on the West Bank . They lived west of the Green Line well inside Israel . The third lived in a settlement called Efrat , in the Gush Etzion area , which was in Jewish hands before the 1967 war , even before the 1948 war , and even Jimmy Carter , a harsh critic of Israeli settlement , agrees it will remain in Israel after a Palestinian state is created . Every peace plan has agreed . But that 's hardly relevant . The teens were students , not warriors . Kidnappings are immoral . Murder is inhuman . For some Palestinians , the kidnapping was cause for celebration . A new three-finger salute became popular , marking the capture of three Israelis . The Facebook page for Fatah , the Palestinian Authority 's main party , had a number of cartoons , including one showing the three teenagers as Jewish rats , wearing yarmulkes , caught on a fishing line . To his great credit , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemned the kidnapping . For that , he came under fierce criticism . Hamas , which is now part of the Palestinian Authority government in a unity deal with Fatah , made no effort to conceal its glee . Hamas denies it had anything to do with the kidnapping . But earlier , its exiled chief , Khaled Meshal , was ambiguous about responsibility , saying only "  I congratulate the abductors . " Opinion : Slain teens call for justice , not escalation When Israeli authorities named two Hamas members as the perpetrators , the mother of one of the men told Israeli television "  If he did it , I 'll be proud of him . " She joins other Palestinian mothers proud of children who commit murder , adding to Israelis ' doubts about future coexistence . Israelis are watching closely to see what Abbas does about his unity deal with Hamas , an organization that is openly committed to Israel 's destruction . If Israel can show definitive proof that Hamas was indeed behind the kidnapping and killing , it is inconceivable that Abbas would let the unity deal stand . It is even more inconceivable that the United States and Europe would continue providing millions to support the Palestinian Authority under those conditions . This killing hurts Israelis and Palestinians who want peace . The only way this tragedy could be turned into a positive step would be if the Palestinians who support reconciliation , who are outraged by what happened , would speak out loudly against it . That would spark a positive reaction and create energy toward reconciliation . Can that happen ? In this atmosphere , we can only hope for a positive surprise .	Frida Ghitis : The killing of three Israeli students hurts Mideast peace process Ghitis : Israelis are consumed with grief , but they are watching how the world reacts She says Palestinians who are outraged should speak out loudly against the tragedy Ghitis : That would spark a positive reaction and create energy toward reconciliation
CNN  An armored truck carrying several million dollars worth of gold was robbed while it was stranded on Interstate 95 in Wilson County , North Carolina . According to the Wilson County Sheriff 's Office , deputies responded to an armed robbery of more than $ 4 million in gold , just before 7 p.m. ET Sunday . The armored truck was paused after experiencing mechanical issues during a trip from Miami to Massachusetts . The two guards , employed by Transvalue Inc. , were forced to the ground and robbed at gunpoint by three men driving a white van . The guards ' hands were then bound behind their backs before they were instructed to walk into a nearby wooded area , the sheriff 's office said . "  Transvalue Inc. deeply regrets the events that transpired yesterday evening , " Chief Executive Officer Jay Rodriguez said in a statement to CNN . "  We are pleased that our crew was not harmed . At this time we are working with the authorities to try and resolve this matter . " The FBI has also been notified , according to Public Affairs Special Agent Shelley Lynch . The FBI is "  coordinating with our law enforcement partners to determine whether a federal crime has been committed " . Meanwhile Transvalue is offering a $ 50,000 reward for any information leading to the arrests of the suspects responsible , according to Rodriguez . Anyone with information is encouraged to contact the Wilson County Sheriff 's Office at 252-237-2188 .	Bandits made off with more than $ 4 million in gold during the Sunday night heist The truck was stuck on an interstate during a trip up north to Massachusetts
CNN  -- As rockets fly in Gaza and Israel , a shareable and ready-to-retweet version of the violence is playing out online . Official military accounts for the Israel Defense Forces and the military wing of Hamas have been posting slick-looking , social-media-friendly graphics in an effort to sway public opinion . Here 's one example from Israel , retweeted some 2,600 times : And another from Hamas , retweeted more than 350 times : Notice that both sides want Internet users to "  share this " or "  share now . " That 's a new concept for militaries that are engaged in active conflict , writes Matt Buchanan for BuzzFeed . "  Unlike any propaganda machine before it , it 's inherently viral . It 's designed to spread , " he wrote . The IDF 's tweets "  are a mixture of documentation , saber rattling , sober reminders of the reality of war , and upbeat updates on the advanced state of its technology . All delivered direct to you . Please RT. " But as both sides seek to distort the reality of a conflict that has killed three Israelis and more than two dozen Palestinians , they could have taken a lesson from social media history : Online marketing campaigns tend to backfire , at least in part . "  On one level , it makes sense for the military to use the internet to provide useful information and possibly even explain its mission to the public .  They have Spanish and French-language versions of the account too , for added global reach .  , " writes Dashiell Bennett for The Atlantic Wire . "  But the odd tone of the writing , has taken some people aback and left the IDF open to mockery and charges of insensitivity regarding a very sensitive subject . " The people of the Internet have started using the same tools as Israel and Hamas to mock the idea of a military broadcasting live information about itself on social platforms . "  IDF announced the war on Twitter , warned Gazans thru SMS & troops showed us action on Instagram . " wrote one Twitter user , @THE_47th . "  Israel is the Kim Kardashian of nations . " In response to Hamas ' death toll image , one Twitter user wrote : "  so be * real * heroes for your people - stop firing back . Restraint is what requires real courage . " The jabs -- some humorous , some serious -- show how difficult it can be to control the conversation in an era of real-time media . Here 's one of the more-discussed critiques of Israel 's social media campaign , in which a writer for the site BuzzFeed created a fake tweet from the Israel Defense Forces : That post , in which the author appears to mock use of social media , also raised questions about humor during a violent conflict , and the authenticity of information on social networks . "  Does a journalist faking a tweet from an official govt account cross a line ? " asked Alex Howard , a writer at O'Reilly Media . BuzzFeed 's co-founder came to the defense of that tweet 's author : Some criticism takes a more serious tone . "  The Twitter/BuzzFeed friendly media strategy of IDF this time -- big infographics , tweets made to go viral etc -- scares the hell out of me , " Tom Gara wrote on Twitter . And others fear the tit-for-tat could actually escalate the conflict . "  This is a new reality of war , " Heather Hurlburt , from the National Security Network , told the Los Angeles Times . "  And I worry that it 's going to make it harder to stand down . " There already have been some efforts to quantify who is winning the war on social media . Hamas wins when it comes to the use of its hashtag , writes a blogger for the Washington Post . Israel is winning the follower count battle , says BuzzFeed . But there are also , of course , voices in the middle . Andy Carvin , a senior strategist at NPR , has been aggregating and retweeting people in both Israel and Gaza . Those posts , and others from journalists on the ground tend to show a grittier reality of the violence in the Middle East : Let us know what you think of the social media tactics in the comments .	Israel and Hamas release shareable images on social media In some ways , that 's backfired , with the Internet mocking the posts
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is acknowledging he may have to consider recommendations to place ground forces in Iraq to help forces there locate targets if , in fact , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff makes that recommendation . But these would not be fighting forces , Hagel said . "  There will be no American combat troops in Iraq or Syria . " Gen. Martin Dempsey has suggested at least twice that a recommendation of ground troops could come , although he has emphasized he has not made that proposal yet . He has also said that he does n't "  foresee a circumstance when it would be in our interest to take this fight on ourselves with a large military contingent . " The general landed in Iraq on Saturday to make a first-hand assessment of the situation . "  If we get to any other variation of recommendations from General Dempsey , we will deal with it , but we are not there yet , " Hagel told CNN in an interview Saturday at the end of a daylong seminar on national security strategy at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley , California . Obama : No change of mind At the G20 summit in Australia , President Obama said that he had not changed his mind about U.S. ground forces when it comes to Iraq . He still does not plan to deploy them , and Dempsey "  has not advised me that I should be sending U.S. troops to fight , " he said . But the President did not rule it out completely , if confronted with the most dire of dangers . "  There are always circumstances , in which the United States might need to deploy ground troops , " Obama said . "  If we discovered that ISIL had gotten possession of a nuclear weapon , and we had to run an operation to get it out of their hands , then yes , you can anticipate that not only would Chairman Dempsey recommend me sending U.S. ground troops to get that weapon out of their hands , but I would order it . " Obama critics Hagel declined to answer whether any of the top leadership of the Khorasan Group have been killed by U.S. airstrikes in Syria , but said the group still poses a serious threat . "  We know they are planning and plotting attacks against our interests , Europe specifically . So , yes , that is why we target them . " Hagel was joined in the seminar by Republican Sen. John McCain from Arizona , former defense secretaries Leon Panetta and Robert Gates , as well as Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson . The issue of whether the White House and the Pentagon have a sufficient strategy to deal with ISIS dominated much of several panel discussions . In blistering criticism of President Barack Obama and the Pentagon , McCain said , "  No one outside the Joint Chiefs of Staff believes we have a strategy " to defeat and degrade ISIS , as set forth by the administration . Panetta and Gates have recently written books which have criticized Obama . In his remarks , Gates likened Obama to President Lyndon B. Johnson in what he called "  micromanagement " of military policy and targeting during the Vietnam War . Jeh Johnson said "  uppermost " in his mind is that a lone wolf attack inspired by ISIS could strike the United States at a moment 's notice . Hagel outlines overhaul of U.S. nuclear program	Hagel would only do this if Gen. Martin Dempsey makes the recommendation Dempsey has said repeatedly such a recommendation could come But he emphasizes that he has not made one yet President Obama says he has not changed his mind about U.S. fighting forces
CNN  -- Twenty-five years after the hit single "  West End Girls , " can the Pet Shop Boys pull off songs that make you want to dance like it 's 1984 , but still reflect a social consciousness of 2009 ? Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe , shown at the BRIT Awards in February , are releasing their 10th studio album . The answer is the title of their latest album : "  Yes . " The British duo will release their 10th studio album on April 21 in the United States through Astralwerks . "  Yes " has been out in the United Kingdom through Parlophone/EMI since March 23 , and entered the Billboard UK albums chart at No. 4 . "  We thought that ` Yes ' just kind of summed up the theme of the album . It 's a positive , upbeat , euphoric pop album , " keyboardist Chris Lowe said . "  It 's almost an answer to the question , ` Is that the Pet Shop Boys ? ' ` Yes ! ' " Given how many different projects the duo has been involved with , it 's a valid question . In addition to the studio albums , they 've written a musical , "  Closer to Heaven , " and a soundtrack to Sergei Eisenstein 's 1925 silent film classic , "  The Battleship Potemkin . " For "  Yes , " the Pet Shop Boys worked with Xenomania , a production group known for collaborating with Cher and other pop stars . Xenomania co-wrote three of the tracks on "  Yes " with Lowe and vocalist Neil Tennant , who write most of their own songs . Watch the official video for "  Love , etc. " on YouTube The Pet Shop Boys , who recently won an award for outstanding contribution to music at the 2009 BRIT Awards , "  felt very much at home " at the house outside London , England , that Xenomania has devoted entirely to music , Tennant said . Every bedroom has a studio , and bands hang around downstairs waiting to record amid the sounds of instruments , record mixing and talking . "  You can hear this cacophony of music all day long , " he said . Like a vinyl record , "  Yes " is divided into two distinct halves : the happy pop introduction and the more "  weird " experimental conclusion , Tennant said . The album also features guitar performances by Johnny Marr . "  Love , etc. " , the album 's first track and currently No. 2 on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales chart , is a social statement about how money , shopping and celebrity do n't necessarily bring happiness , while the third track , "  Beautiful People , " imagines that it must be great to have wealth and fame , Tennant said . "  At the end of the day , it 's an old-fashioned sentiment , but love is more important , really , " Lowe said of "  Love , etc. " "  Pandemonium , " a love song inspired by the relationship between actress Kate Moss and singer Pete Doherty , was originally written for Kylie Minogue to sing , but she did n't use it , Tennant said . Media reports that they 'll never work together again are incorrect , however , he said . "  I think they exaggerated that , " Tennant said . "  Yeah , so that 's not true . "  In a BBC story , Tennant and Lowe said they , like many songwriters , had n't heard back from Minogue after submitting their material . "  We wo n't be doing it again , " Lowe told the BBC . Perhaps the most out-of-character song stylistically is the finale , "  Legacy , " a meditation on politicians leaving office  "  You 'll get over it " is the main message  . Tennant identified it as his favorite because of the poetry and the mystery in the music -- "  it continues to fascinate me , " he said . "  The Way It Used to Be , " a favorite track for both Boys , charts a relationship from its romantic beginning to its melancholic end , wondering "  what is left of love " and longing to "  leave our promises behind / rewind and try again . " With all this talk of love , Tennant is private about his own love life . As far as love in the album goes , though , "  Some of it 's real , and some imagination ; some of it 's memory , " he said . The duo did not meet in a pet shop , but in an an electronics shop in London in 1981 . Tennant needed a piece of equipment for his synthesizer and , when he and Lowe started talking about music , the two hit it off . "  I 'm always struck since then by the sort of amazing look of our meeting , " Tennant said . "  We happened to be in the same place at the same time , and it changed the rest of our lives . I always think it was an extraordinary thing . " They started making music as a hobby with an acoustic guitar and a synthesizer , and played drums by banging on the table , Lowe said . "  It 's all been a gradual process really . We never sat down really and said , ` Let 's become pop stars , ' " Lowe said . When they first recorded "  West End Girls " together , the musical group did not have a name , Tennant said . They took the name Pet Shop Boys because they had friends who worked at a pet shop in West London known as the "  pet shop boys . " They thought the name fit with popular rap groups such as the Beastie Boys . "  It has actually no meaning whatsoever . Chris used to be embarrassed by it , " Tennant said . While influenced by hip-hop , electronic disco , and other genres from the beginning , the Pet Shop Boys have always emphasized the songs themselves , Lowe said , and they 're not "  purist " about what kinds of instruments get used . In the beginning , they sampled everything from animal noises to broken glass for their songs . They even recorded the sound of a woman walking down a street in high heels for "  West End Girls , " and the ambience of a cathedral for the 1987 single "  It 's a Sin , " Lowe said . Their songwriting has perhaps gotten more sophisticated and experimental over time , Tennant said . "  In the '80s I never sang any harmonies on records . Now I do loads of harmonies . I 'm turning into Brian Wilson ! " Tennant said . "  Yes " continues the Pet Shop Boys ' tradition of having one-word titles for albums , such as "  Please , " "  Bilingual , " and the more recent "  Fundamental . " The convention just developed and became a style that the duo decided to keep , Tennant said . "  It 's like e.e. cummings not having any capital letters -- it 's a signature thing , " Tennant said . The duo is determined to branch into new areas . Lowe and Tennant 's next project is a ballet slated for 2011 based on a story by Hans Christian Anderson . Tennant said it is instrumental , and includes a mixture of electronic music and strings . "  The challenge of telling a story through music and dance is something that we 're interested in , " Lowe said . Plans to tour the United States in the fall are under discussion , the duo said .	The Pet Shop Boys ' new album comes out in the United States on April 21 "  Yes " has two distinct parts : the upbeat introduction and the more mysterious end Singer Neil Tennant says he never sang any harmonies in the 1980s Tennant and Lowe did not meet in a pet shop , but in an electronics shop
Temecula , California  CNN  -- The horse 's name is Nitro Active . He was bred for speed . This great-great-grandson of the legendary Secretariat had won nearly $ 200,000 in prize money at tracks around Southern California . It had been a modestly successful racing career , but by December of last year it was over . The coulda , woulda , shoulda Triple Crown winners Nitro Active was breaking down . Because of injuries to his tendons and leg joints Nitro Active could barely stand , let alone race . His fate seemed clear . Like many spent and injured racehorses , Nitro Active was destined for euthanasia or a Mexican slaughterhouse supplying horse meat to restaurants in Europe and Japan . He sold at auction for $ 190 . Injury sidelines ` I 'll Have Another ' from Belmont It was at that point that Monika Kerber came into Nitro Active 's life . Kerber runs Villa Chardonnay , a horse rescue operation in Temecula , California . "  He deserves another chance , " said Kerber . Most days , he would simply lay in his stall , in pain and misery , Kerber said . After months of expensive veterinary care , today Nitro Active is slowly healing . But for hundreds of other racehorses , there is no happy ending . "  They are literally running for their lives , " said Nancy Perry of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , or ASPCA . "  If they run too fast they break down on the track and die . And if they do n't run fast enough , they are discarded . " The Jockey Club -- the registry for thoroughbred horses in the United States , Canada and Puerto Rico -- estimates that 15 thoroughbreds die on American racetracks every week . Those figures do not include other breeds of horses that also race in the United States . "  When you extrapolate that to quarter-horse racing and standardbred racing , you realize the numbers are astronomical , " Perry said . The ASPCA is pushing for federal regulation to halt the use of performance enhancing drugs on the racetrack . "  They are injecting cocaine . They are injecting cancer drugs into horses in order to mask pain , " said Perry . "  They are even injecting snake venom . " She said the proposed Interstate Horse Racing Improvement Act would remove oversight from a hodgepodge of seemingly ineffective state commissions . As the sun rises above Santa Anita Race Track in Arcadia , California , the horses take to the track . This was the location where Nitro Active spent most of his racing career . There is an air of calm and peace at this racing oval at the foot of the San Gabriel mountains . But racetrack CEO Mark Verge knows that his sport is under pressure . "  Horse racing on its own has too much infighting , " Verge said . "  Everyone is looking up and saying , ` The public does n't even care about us anymore . ' " Overheard on CNN.com : If wishes were horses , ` Another ' Secretariat would rise But Verge bristles at charges that his sport mistreats horses . "  The last thing you want to do is bring families and friends  to the track  and have a horse break down , " Verge said . He also stressed that the industry has raised millions of dollars to provide a comfortable retirement for aging racehorses . In recent years , Santa Anita has spent millions more installing an artificial race surface in an effort to reduce racing injuries . But Verge said the new surface did n't work . There were constant problems keeping the track in proper condition to race . While mortality rates during races were lowered , trainers complained that the new surface was causing an increase in training injuries . The artificial surface has since been replaced by a traditional dirt track . Racehorse fatalities at Santa Anita are back up , the highest in the state . In addition to racing incidents , three horses were killed during the filming of horse race scenes at Santa Anita for the HBO TV series , "  Luck . " Attendance at racetracks nationwide is falling . That 's why federal regulation is needed , according to the ASPCA . Perry said the sport could regain its popularity if people believed it was cleaning up its act . "  In sports where people compete , we have prohibitions on the use of steroids and other performance enhancing drugs , " she said . "  But for some reason we 've allowed horse racing to slip through the cracks . " Some of racing 's greatest horses have met horrific fates . In 2008 , Eight Belles snapped both front legs in the Kentucky Derby and was euthanized in front of a TV audience of millions . Two years earlier , Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro broke his leg racing in the Preakness Stakes . In 2002 , the horse racing world was rocked by the news that 1986 Kentucky Derby winner Ferdinand was apparently killed in a Japanese slaughterhouse . Industry groups said $ 35 million a year is spent on equine drug testing . They said the problem is being blown out of proportion , but some in horse racing want state racing groups to agree to uniform medication standards as a way of controlling what violations do exist . Horse racing 's critics said these and other deaths are not isolated tragedies , but rather part of a callous pattern within the inner world of the racing industry . Veterinarian Wayne McNeel has been guiding Nitro Active back along the long road to recovery . The horse 's future is still far from certain . But he said he hopes that one day soon Nitro Active will be able to bear a rider around the shaded grounds of his new home .	An estimated 15 thoroughbreds die on American racetracks every week Those that survive may be auctioned to slaughterhouses or euthanized Animal welfare activists are pushing for federal regulation of the horse racing industry
CNN  -- Family members of a missing Oregon boy said they are trying to keep the focus on finding the boy and not suspicions about the boy 's stepmother . Kyron Horman , 7 , vanished on June 4 , and since then there has been intense scrutiny on Kyron 's stepmother , Terri Horman . Police had asked her to take a second polygraph test in relation to the case , and other family members have said that she has not been forthcoming about what happened , based on briefings they have had from law enforcement officials . It is unclear why a second polygraph was requested . The boy 's father , biological mother and stepfather spoke to the media late Monday about the stepmother and why they believe that Kyron is still alive . "  We remain hopeful because we have n't been given any information by law enforcement to indicate he is n't still alive and therefore we will always expect that he will come home to us , " the family said in an e-mailed response to reporters covering the case . Kyron went missing after Terri Horman dropped him off at school on June 4 . The stepmother said she last saw Kyron walking down a hallway toward his second-grade classroom at Skyline Elementary School in Portland , according to the police . Police have not called her a suspect in the case but suspicions about her have dominated headlines in recent weeks . Sources told the CNN affiliates that investigators believe that Terri Horman has lied to them , and cell phone records could show she was n't where she claimed to be . In the e-mail response , Kyron 's family members said they hope people will focus more on the missing boy . "  Our main goal is to keep Kyron in the front of everyone 's mind because we have a better chance of finding him . So we are constantly working to keep him the focus of the story and not Terri , " the family members said . Terri Horman was again in the headlines Monday when CNN affiliates KGW and KATU reported that she had attempted to hire a landscaper to kill her husband several months ago . KGW reported that sources believe Terri Horman approached the landscaper , who had been working on the family 's property in northwest Portland , and offered the man "  a large sum of money " to kill her husband , Kaine Horman . Kaine Horman and the other two family members who e-mailed reporters did not want to comment on that report . But they did say that they continue to feel that Terri Horman is not completely cooperating with police running the search for Kyron . "  We continue to issue our plea of her FULLY cooperating with law enforcement and the investigation to help bring Kyron home as quickly as possible , " the family members said . However , at a news conference last week , Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton said that "  to date there has been no indication through our detectives or through our investigators that she 's been uncooperative , " KATU reported . Repeated efforts by CNN to reach Terri Horman have been unsuccessful . She has not made any other public statements . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon and HLN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Family members of missing boy talk to reporters 7-year-old Kyron Horman has been missing since June 4 His stepmother , Terri Horman , was the last to see Kyron
CNN  -- DNA evidence links Jesse Matthew , a suspect in this month 's disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , to the death of Virginia Tech student Morgan Harrington , who disappeared in 2009 , a law enforcement source told CNN Monday . And state authorities are checking other unsolved homicide and missing person cases for possible connections . Virginia State Police had said earlier that the two cases were connected by a "  forensic link " but did not elaborate . Almost from the start , speculation was raised about the possibility of a connection between Graham 's disappearance and Harrington 's death . "  Certainly the question has arisen . It 's certainly a legitimate question , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters last week . In a statement , James L. Camblos III , Matthew 's lawyer , said he met with his client for 2Â 1/2 hours Monday but declined further comment . "  Because everything is under seal , I have not been provided with any evidence that links him to either of these cases , " he said , referring to Graham and Harrington . Matthew will have a bond hearing on Thursday . In addition , authorities said they are studying other unsolved homicide and missing person cases in Virginia : In Campbell County , the sheriff 's office is investigating a possible link to the case of Cassandra Morton , whose body was found in a wooded area near Lynchburg in November 2009 ; in Orange , police are checking for possible ties to the missing person case of Samantha Ann Clarke , who was last seen September 13 , 2010 ; and in Montgomery County , the sheriff 's office is looking for possible links to the unsolved 2009 shooting deaths of two Virginia Tech students , Heidi Childs and David Metzler . Harrington was a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student when she went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Her remains were found on a farm months later . No arrests have been made in Harrington 's case , and the cause of her death is still under investigation . Parents : ` This person might be involved ' in Morgan Harrington 's murder Graham , a student at the University of Virginia , was last seen September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . Police have asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , who was a second-year student at the university . Where is Hannah Graham ? Investigators say they believe Matthew was the last person with Graham . He is charged with abduction with the intent to defile in the case , according to Charlottesville police . The last major development in the Harrington case came in 2010 , when her slaying was connected to the kidnapping and sexual assault of another woman in Fairfax , Virginia , in 2005 . That woman , who survived her ordeal , was able to provide police with enough of a description to make a sketch . That sketch is the closest thing to resolution that Harrington 's family has had . Police at the time did not give the name of the woman who gave the description and said only that "  forensic evidence " linked the two . Hannah Graham disappearance suspect questioned in 2002 alleged rape case The revelation that Matthew may be linked to Harrington 's death , and the fact that Harrington 's death was linked to the kidnapping and rape of the woman in Fairfax , raises even more questions . Police have not publicly connected the dots except to say that Matthew 's arrest has given them a break in the investigation of Harrington 's death . Matthew was being held in isolation in a Virginia jail . CNN 's Pam Brown and Mary Kay Mallonee contributed to this story	NEW : Authorities check other unsolved cases for possible ties Hannah Graham , a student at the University of Virginia , went missing last month Police have Jesse Matthew in custody as a suspect in Graham 's disappearance DNA links the same suspect to 2009 case of Morgan Harrington , source says
CNN  -- Australian disc jockey Michael Christian told an interviewer that "  Prank calls are made every day on every radio station in every country around the world , and they have been for a long time , and no one could have imagined this to happen . " He was talking about the suicide of Jacintha Saldanha , a nurse who was on the receiving end of a prank call he made with co-host Mel Greig . They pretended to be Prince Charles and Queen Elizabeth II phoning King Edward VII Hospital in London to find out the condition of the Duchess of Cambridge , who had been admitted for a severe case of morning sickness . Saldanha apparently felt so humiliated by falling for the ruse that she took her own life . I 'm not an expert in mental health , so I 'm not in a position to evaluate the extent to which the radio station 's gag played a role in Saldanha 's death . But I do have proof that it 's possible for disc jockeys to play a practical joke on someone without anyone getting hurt . In 1993 , morning radio personality Brent Douglas from KMOD-FM in Tulsa , Oklahoma , began posing as a rustic , angry fellow named Roy D. Mercer . He 'd call unsuspecting folks in the community and tell them they 'd committed some injustice against him , such as selling him a burrito that created stomach trouble at the christening of his grandniece . Mercer 's outrageous demands for retribution quickly led to threats of an "  a ** - whuppin ' , " but just as the person on the receiving end was about to blow his stack , Douglas and co-host Phil Stone let the patsy in on the joke . Everyone has a good laugh , and no one was worse for wear . The Mercer character has developed a huge following across the country through CDs sold at truck stops , but I 'd never heard of him until a music subscription service recommended him after I listened to an album by Larry the Cable Guy . From the moment I heard the first track , I was hooked , and I ended up playing every album more times than I can count -- as my beleaguered wife will attest . For samples of Mercer calls , click on menu 's "  speed dial " Whatever the supposed injustice that Mercer encountered , the result was always the same : a request for an outrageous sum of money to right the wrong , followed by the threat of violence , and ending with the recipient of the call being informed that the whole thing was a ruse set up by a friend . Weinstein 's interview with Douglas and Stone The Australian DJs ' mistake was not the making of the call , which done artfully might indeed have been funny . Rather , they erred in not letting the person who took the call know that the whole thing was a joke . Whether this would have prevented Saldhana 's suicide is hard to say . Perhaps she was so troubled that the slightest upset would have brought about her tragic choice . But this sad story should be a wake-up call for radio hosts around the world to follow the Roy D. Mercer model of prank calls : Let the person in on the joke before things spiral out of control . The ethical principle at the heart of this policy is simple : Do No Harm . We associate this principle with health care professionals , and rightly so : We 'd like our physicians to make us better . But at the very least , we can expect that they wo n't make us worse . The Do No Harm principle is a bedrock of ethics courses every would-be medical , nursing , dental and pharmacy student must take to graduate . Yet Do No Harm applies not just to health care providers but to radio personalities , their producers and everyone else . What would the world be like if we could n't be confident that people we encounter will not harm us , and that they will be punished if they willfully do so ? No one would want to leave home , and as we learn from CNN daily , too many folks around the world live in such fear . Of course , terrorists , dictators and other despots violate the Do No Harm principle regularly , which is why it makes sense to speak of just wars . Even one of our most notable advocates of peace , Sir Paul McCartney , responded to 9/11 with a song whose chorus goes , "  We will fight for the right to live in freedom . " Still , the fact that some or even a lot of people intentionally cause harm every day does not mean that Do No Harm is an unrealistic guideline for living responsibly . Even if many people do X , if does n't follow that X is right or good . Disc jockey Michael Christian may be correct that prank calls are part and parcel of radio programs around the world . But the public still has a right to demand that media professionals avoid doing or saying things that would reasonably cause others to feel humiliated or degraded . I call upon radio hosts , producers and station owners in every country to formally adopt the Do No Harm principle in their employment policies , so that incidents like the royal hoax can be avoided . On a sad note , Phil Stone , who helped to write much of Roy D. Mercer 's material , died a few weeks ago . His death was not related to the pranks he pulled , but it did galvanize people across the country to mourn the loss of a good-natured fellow whose practical jokes were both funny and respectful . His final CD , "  Red , White and Bruised , " will be released next month by Capitol Nashville/EMI . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Weinstein .	Nurse killed herself after she fell for Australian DJs ' hoax call to Kate Middleton Bruce Wienstein : Radio pranks are here to stay , but DJs can soften the humiliation One radio show played hilarious pranks , he says , but later let the patsy in on it Weinstein : Principle of "  Do No Harm " should guide us in our dealings in jobs , life
Mental Floss  -- It 's hard to walk down the aisle of a liquor store without running across a bottle bearing someone 's name . A costumed reveler at a Captain Morgan party celebrates the rum named after the 17th century privateer . We put them in our cocktails , but how well do we know them ? Here 's some biographical detail on the men behind your favorite tipples : 1 . Captain Morgan The Captain was n't always just the choice of sorority girls looking to blend spiced rum with Diet Coke ; in the 17th century he was a feared privateer . Not only did the Welsh pirate marry his own cousin , he ran risky missions for the governor of Jamaica , including capturing some Spanish prisoners in Cuba and sacking Port-au-Prince in Haiti . He then plundered the Cuban coast before holding for ransom the entire city of Portobelo , Panama . He later looted and burned Panama City , but his pillaging career came to an end when Spain and England signed a peace treaty in 1671 . Instead of getting in trouble for his high-seas antics , Morgan received knighthood and became the lieutenant governor of Jamaica . Mental Floss : 5 drinking stories that put yours to shame 2 . Johnnie Walker Walker , the name behind the world 's most popular brand of Scotch whisky , was born in 1805 in Ayrshire , Scotland . When his father died in 1819 , Johnnie inherited a trust of a little over 400 pounds , which the trustees invested in a grocery store . Walker became a very successful grocer in the town of Kilmarnock and even sold a whisky , Walker 's Kilmarnock Whisky . Johnnie 's son Alexander was the one who actually turned the family into famous whisky men , though . Alexander had spent time in Glasgow learning how to blend teas , but he eventually returned to Kilmarnock to take over the grocery from his father . Alexander turned his blending expertise to whisky , and came up with "  Old Highland Whisky , " which later became Johnnie Walker Black Label . 3 . Jack Daniel Jasper Newton "  Jack " Daniel of Tennessee whiskey fame was the descendant of Welsh settlers who came to the United States in the early 19th century . He was born in 1846 or 1850 and was one of 13 children . By 1866 he was distilling whiskey in Lynchburg , Tennessee . Unfortunately for the distiller , he had a bit of a temper . One morning in 1911 Daniel showed up for work early and could n't get his safe open . He flew off the handle and kicked the offending strongbox . The kick was so ferocious that Daniel injured his toe , which then became infected . The infection soon became the blood poisoning that killed the whiskey mogul . Curious about why your bottle of J.D. also has Lem Motlow listed as the distillery 's proprietor ? Daniel 's own busy life of distilling and safe-kicking kept him from ever finding a wife and siring an heir , so in 1907 he gave the distillery to his beloved nephew Lem Motlow , who had come to work for him as a bookkeeper . Mental Floss : The many myths of Jack Daniel 4 . Jose Cuervo In 1758 , Jose Antonio de Cuervo received a land grant from the King of Spain to start an agave farm in the Jalisco region of Mexico . Jose used his agave plants to make mescal , a popular Mexican liquor . In 1795 , King Carlos IV gave the land grant to Cuervo 's descendant Jose Maria Guadalupe de Cuervo . Carlos IV also granted the Cuervo family the first license to commercially make tequila , so they built a larger factory on the existing land . The family started packaging their wares in individual bottles in 1880 , and in 1900 the booze started going by the brand name Jose Cuervo . The brand is still under the leadership of the original Jose Cuervo 's family ; current boss Juan-Domingo Beckmann is the sixth generation of Cuervo ancestors to run the company . 5 . Jim Beam Jim Beam , the namesake of the world 's best-selling bourbon whiskey , did n't actually start the distillery that now bears his name . His great-grandfather Jacob Beam opened the distillery in 1788 and started selling his first barrels of whiskey in 1795 . In those days , the whiskey went by the less-catchy moniker of "  Old Tub . " Jacob Beam handed down the distillery to his son David Beam , who in turn passed it along to his son David M. Beam , who eventually handed the operation off to his son , Colonel James Beauregard Beam , in 1894 . Although he was only 30 years old when he took over the family business , Jim Beam ran the distillery until Prohibition shut him down . Following repeal in 1933 , Jim quickly built a distillery and began resurrecting the Old Tub brand , but he also added something new to the company 's portfolio : a bourbon simply called Jim Beam . Mental Floss : A bourbon FAQ 6 . Tanqueray When he was a young boy , Charles Tanqueray 's path through life seemed pretty clear . He was the product of three straight generations of Bedfordshire clergymen , so it must have seemed natural to assume that he would take up the cloth himself . Wrong . Instead , he started distilling gin in 1830 in a little plant in London 's Bloomsbury district . By 1847 , he was shipping his gin to colonies around the British Empire , where many plantation owners and troops had developed a taste for Tanqueray and tonic . 7 . Campari Gaspare Campari found his calling quickly . By the time he was 14 , he had risen to become a master drink mixer in Turin , Italy , and in this capacity he started dabbling with a recipe for an aperitif . When he eventually settled on the perfect mixture , his concoction had over 60 ingredients . In 1860 , he founded Gruppo Campari to make his trademark bitters in Milan . Like Colonel Sanders ' spice blend , the recipe for Campari is a closely guarded secret supposedly known by only the acting Gruppo Campari chairman , who works with a tiny group of employees to make the concentrate with which alcohol and water are infused to get Campari . The drink is still made from Gaspare Campari 's recipe , though , which includes quinine , orange peel , rhubarb , and countless other flavorings . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Capt. Morgan married his own cousin , plundered Cuba and won a knighthood Jack Daniel died after losing a fight with a ... safe ? Which best-selling bourbon whiskey was originally called "  Old Tub ? " Gin-maker Tanqueray descended from three-generations of clergymen
ISIS is a cancer that must be stamped out , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry wrote Saturday in an opinion piece for The New York Times . Kerry called the Islamist extremist group , known for beheadings , crucifixions and terror campaigns against religious and ethnic minorities , a "  unifying threat to a broad array of countries " that needs to be confronted . His article appears in the aftermath of the political uproar that engulfed the White House this week after President Barack Obama said "  we do n't have a strategy " on ISIS in Syria . Obama 's no ` strategy yet ' comment on ISIS in Syria sparks a political uproar The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , which calls itself the Islamic State , has grabbed headlines just as certainly as it has gobbled up territory across northern Iraq over the summer . A companion opinion piece in the Times , co-authored by Republican Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham , concurred that ISIS poses a serious threat , but argue for an immediate response with a military plan at its center . The ISIS threat only grows over time , and Obama must act with more urgency , the senators wrote . "  Doing too little to combat ISIS has been a problem . Doing less is certainly not the answer now , " they wrote . The next move U.S. airstrikes against ISIS fighters have slowed their advance , and the Obama administration is weighing whether to expand the assault into Syria . But , Kerry said , any decision will require a joint effort with international partners . "  With a united response led by the United States and the broadest possible coalition of nations , the cancer of ISIS will not be allowed to spread to other countries , " Kerry wrote . "  The world can confront this scourge , and ultimately defeat it . ISIS is odious , but not omnipotent . " Former CIA chief : Matter of time before ISIS tries to attack West McCain and Graham said the next move must include a squeezing of ISIS financing , and a successful and inclusive Iraqi government that is inclusive of Iraqi Sunnis , rather than pushing them toward terrorist groups . "  But ultimately , ISIS is a military force , and it must be confronted militarily , " the senators wrote . Obama has ordered airstrikes on ISIS in northern Iraq , but "  they have been tactical and reactive half-measures , " McCain and Graham wrote . "  Continuing to confront ISIS in Iraq , but not in Syria , would be fighting with one hand tied behind our back . We need a military plan to defeat ISIS , wherever it is . " Building a coalition The secretary of state 's message echoes that of the White House , with both the President and Press Secretary Josh Earnest calling this week for an international coalition to confront the threat . "  Airstrikes alone wo n't defeat this enemy . A much fuller response is demanded from the world , " Kerry wrote . To build that coalition , Kerry , along with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , will meet with European allies on the sidelines of the NATO meeting in Wales next week . Then , it 's off to the Middle East to drum up support from the region . What can the U.S. do against ISIS in Syria -- and could it work ? "  Already our efforts have brought dozens of nations to this cause , " Kerry argued in the Times piece . "  Certainly there are different interests at play . But no decent country can support the horrors perpetrated by ISIS , and no civilized country should shirk its responsibility to help stamp out this disease . " ISIS : The first terror group to build an Islamic state ?	Secretary of State John Kerry writes an opinion piece for The New York Times He calls for "  broadest possible coalition of nations , " led by U.S. , to confront ISIS Two GOP senators , in a competing op-ed , call for more urgent , military-centered action
CNN  -- A man accused of killing 77 people in a bomb and gun rampage in Norway last summer was sane at the time of the alleged crimes , two court-appointed psychiatric experts said in a report released Tuesday . Anders Behring Breivik was charged last month with committing acts of terror and voluntary homicide . He is accused of killing eight people in a bomb attack in Oslo , then going to Utoya Island outside the city and systematically gunning down 69 more people , many of them teens and young adults . The mass killing on July 22 was the single largest loss of life in Norway since World War II . Breivik has pleaded not guilty , though he has admitted carrying out the attacks , according to the judge handling his case previously . In November , prosecutors said psychiatrists had determined Breivik was paranoid and schizophrenic at the time of the attacks and during 13 interviews experts conducted with him afterward . However , the court sought a second opinion because of the importance of the question of sanity to Breivik 's trial . The two psychiatric experts recommended he spend four weeks under 24-hour psychiatric monitoring , according to court documents released in February . The Tuesday report said Breivik was not psychotic at the time of the crimes , does not suffer from a psychiatric condition and is not mentally challenged . "  There is a high risk for repeated violent actions , " said the report from Terje Torrissen and Agnar Aspaas . Breivik 's trial is set for April 16 and is expected to last up to 10 weeks . If he is convicted , his punishment will be based on the determination of his sanity . It may not be possible for him to receive the maximum punishment if he is deemed insane . Authorities have described Breivik as a right-wing Christian extremist . A 1,500-page manifesto attributed to him posted on the Internet is critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism , including Norway 's Labour Party . Breivik showed some of his extremist views during a February hearing , which began with him entering court with a smile and offering up a raised , clenched-fist salute . He insists nobody could believe that he was insane , and describes questions about his mental condition as ridiculous , his attorney , Geir Lippestad , has said . Breivik claims the shooting rampage was a matter of self-defense , meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and to prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians , Lippestad said . The victims on Utoya Island were among 700 mostly young people attending a Labour Party camp . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Anders Behring Breivik was not psychotic at the time of the July killings , experts say Breivik is accused of killing 77 people in a bomb and gun rampage "  There is a high risk for repeated violent actions , " the experts say Breivik 's trial is set to begin April 16
Atlanta  CNN  -- Song Byeok had every reason to be pleased with his success . A gift for drawing led to a prestigious career as a propaganda artist and full membership in North Korea 's communist party . Then the food shortages started . Like tens of thousands of other North Koreans in the mid-1990s , Song made forays across the Tumen River to find food in China . Despite witnessing a better material life across the border , he says , he never doubted that North Korea was culturally superior . He never considered leaving his homeland for anything more than food . "  I was a believer . I saw North Koreans as pure , " Song said . "  And we needed the Great Leader to protect us from outsiders . " Today , Song paints in Seoul , South Korea , his art haunted by his former whole-hearted belief in the North Korean regime . Song 's paintings chronicle a personal , often agonizing journey from child-like allegiance to the country 's founder and "  Great Leader , " Kim Il Sung , and his son , "  Dear Leader " Kim Jong Il , to Song 's life today as a contemporary artist . In his former life , he would paint boyish-looking soldiers with heroic features across an entire side of a factory to inspire workers with the same patriotism he believed in . His current paintings explore themes of freedom while skewering his former devotion to North Korea 's leaders . He paints children in military uniforms , their heads bowed and eyes closed . His trademark work shows Kim Jong Il 's face atop Marilyn Monroe 's famous film pose on a sidewalk grate , holding down her skirt as it billows around her hips . The painting created a stir in South Korea , where American Greg Pence saw it and raised funds on Kickstarter to exhibit Song 's work this winter in Washington and Atlanta . Song is passionate and sometimes brooding when discussing North Korea but gracious and open about his deeply personal passage from propaganda artist to painter who anguishes over oppression in North Korea . Obama : North Korea will achieve nothing with provocation Song 's journey to disbelief began the moment he watched , helpless , as his father was caught in a current during a river crossing to China and drowned . Song was halfway across when his father was swept away ; he swam back but was unable to rescue him . Despondent , Song searched for his father 's body along the riverbank but was captured by North Korean border guards . Despite his rank as a party member , getting caught meant questioning and torture by North Korean guards to confirm that he was not working for the South Koreans or the foreign missionaries based in China who proselytize among defectors . "  There were no exceptions , " he said . "  All who are caught are investigated . " In North Korea , a brutal choice The torment of not recovering his father 's remains was much greater than the broken teeth and beatings , Song said . The beatings were so harsh , he said , he was close to death , and he believes that he was released so he would not die in custody . More than bones , the guards ' treatment broke Song 's belief in the regime . He describes the moment he left jail as if a veil had been lifted : He saw the world with a new clarity . As he hobbled through the streets , wondering how he 'd get home , he decided he wanted a different life . He decided to defect . In a country of 25 million , only about 20,000 have defected and settled in South Korea , according to the South Korean government . There are no precise figures for how many defectors live in hiding in China ; estimates from governments , researchers and non-governmental organizations vary from 25,000 to more than 400,000 . "  When people are picked up in China and repatriated , they face prosecution back in North Korea if they are believed to have met with South Koreans or missionaries , " said Marcus Noland , a North Korea specialist at the Peterson Institute . China labels North Korean escapees "  economic migrants " and forcibly returns them despite accounts of torture and execution . So those hoping to defect must make their way across China to a third country . Of those North Koreans interviewed in China , only about one in 10 say they left because of a longing for freedom , according to W. Courtland Robinson , a public health expert at Johns Hopkins University who has studied the issue for more than a decade . The vast majority who leave give the same explanation Song did for his pre-defector forays into China during the famine : the search for work or food . "  The  North Korean  system is so integral to who you are , " Robinson said . "  People generally do n't say ' I am frustrated , and I want out . ' " Song 's paintings explore that theme : a devotion to serving North Korea 's leaders so strong that citizens view it as part of their identity . "  Flower Children " shows a gaggle of smiling , uniformed schoolgirls waving and holding North Korea 's standard reading primers , "  The Story of Kim Jong Il 's Childhood " and "  History of Kim Il Sung . " The girls exude childish charm , but some faces show a weariness that only comes with age , and their eyes are all closed . Their shoes have holes . "  They believe they are happy , " Song said . "  They believe they are so much better off than the rest of the world because of their two leaders , who are like two suns . " Song can still recite some of the pages from those reading primers , and he remembers walking to school in similar shoes . Such memories inspire him to paint , he says , and he hopes people find his interpretations of those memories compelling . "  Tumen River " is done in classical Chinese style . At first glance , with its brushed mountain landscape , the painting looks like it could be from the Tang Dynasty . On closer inspection , its subtleties portray North Korea 's crippling poverty . Peasants work fields with oxen while nearby , a broken-down tractor rusts . Soldiers fish for their dinner downstream from women doing laundry by hand . In the hills above the river are billboards common throughout North Korea , with phrases such as "  All Glory To Our Nation 's Agricultural Independence " and "  All Glory to Our Nation 's Great Strength . " Near the billboards , peasants dig for edible roots , which are commonly steamed in a kettle before being eaten . "  The past and the present of North Korea are the same , " Song said . "  There is no progress . " Despite the large and absolute devotion of most North Koreans to their government , Song is optimistic about their future under Kim Jong Un , who recently inherited the country 's reins after his father , the Dear Leader , died . In a nation where every decision flows from the top , a change of leadership can transform everything . "  Kim Jong Un will want to try something new , " Song said . "  You can not change the nature of youth . " If Kim Jong Un allowed the population access to television , websites and radio from Seoul , with its opulent lifestyle , change would be inevitable , and the emotional connection to the government would gradually wither , Song believes . Meanwhile , being caught with foreign media can mean public execution or three generations of your family being sent to prison camp . So few people outside the party elite dare to smuggle radios or DVDs from China . But if those punishments were ever removed , Song says , North Koreans would probably lose their devotion to the regime as quickly as their Japanese neighbors stopped worshiping their emperor after World War II . It would take only a clear view of the poverty and oppression in their life to spark cataclysmic demands for change , Song says . The spectacular failure of its command economy has made North Korea one of the poorest nations on Earth . By one plausible account , teenage defectors of the past decade are 5 inches shorter and 25 pounds lighter than their South Korean counterparts . "  I feel a great deal of anger now that I understand the problems " in North Korean society , he says . "  I never felt it when I was there . "	Once a propagandist , defector Song Byeok now paints satirical works about North Korea His paintings dwell on miseries of life in his homeland , joy of the freedoms he found in the South From a country of 25 million , only about 20,000 North Korean defectors live in the South Song is optimistic new leader Kim Jong Un will be an agent for change
CNN  -- Hollywood 's stars may have moved on from the red carpets of Cannes , but the real "  jet set " -- the CEOs and executives who decide how , when and what we fly -- are heading back to France . The A-listers of global aviation will be at Le Bourget from June 17 to 23 for the 50th Paris Airshow -- the biggest and most important event in the industry 's calendar , where billion-dollar deals are done at the edge of the runway as stunt pilots swoop through the skies overhead . More than 2,100 companies from 44 countries around the world will fly in to showcase their wares at Le Bourget ; from jumbo-sized jets and massive manufacturing tools to the tiniest springs , cogs and other components , as well as high-tech concepts which may not see the light of day for decades . In years gone by , the show , held at the airfield where Charles Lindbergh landed after his pioneering transatlantic flight in 1927 , has seen the debuts of some of aviation 's key developments -- from Concorde to the Boeing 747 and the Airbus A380 . Read more : And the world 's best airport is ... This time around , those hoping to spot aerospace 's next big thing may be out of luck . With just days to go before the visitors arrive , it is still unclear whether the industry 's two most eagerly-awaited new planes , Airbus ' A350 and Bombardier 's C-Series , will be at the show . Both companies have warned the planes will be too busy carrying out flight tests to attend -- but industry experts say there 's an outside chance they may still be spotted in the skies above Paris . "  We 're still waiting to find out whether the A350 will put in an appearance , " said Murdo Morrison , editor of aerospace industry magazine Flight International . "  That certainly would be a highlight -- it 's one of the newest and most exciting aircraft , but it and Bombardier 's C-Series are at a critical point in their development . "  It becomes a bit of a fight between the marketing people , the publicists , who want the company to get all the best headlines , and the engineers who are working to critical deadlines to get the plane ready to fly as soon as possible , " he explained . Read more : Can ` game-changer ' live up to name ? "  What may happen is they pop in for one day -- fly in and then fly out again -- or even , in the case of the A350 , that they do a flypast , without even landing . " With or without the C-Series and the A350 , there will be plenty to look at , with flying displays , aerial acrobatics and all manner of military and commercial hardware ranged around the airfield for visitors to get up close to . Boeing is flying in not one but two 787 Dreamliners , and Airbus says that visitors will still be able to explore a full-size model of the A350 's cockpit and cabin -- whether or not the real thing arrives . Show organizers say one of the highlights of the show for the general public  204,000 of whom visited in 2011  is likely to be the flying demonstrations by a Russian Sukhoi Su-35 fighter jet . And fittingly , given that 2013 's event will be the 50th Paris Airshow , there will be some looking back : homegrown French plane manufacturer Dassault will celebrate the 50th anniversary of its Mystere 20 business jet -- the first of which will be on display at Le Bourget . Read more : Are drones the highways of the future ? But Morrison said the real purpose of the event , and the reason for its significance , is the dealmaking and discussions that go on behind closed doors . Throughout the show , the conference rooms and chalets lining the runway will play host to scores of high-powered briefings and meetings  in 2011 there were 151,000 trade visitors and 290 official delegations from around the world  at which aerospace movers and shakers will shape the future . "  The real reason the Paris Airshow exists is the industry side of things , the chance for face-to-face talks between suppliers and potential customers , the ` down-in-the-weeds ' business discussions , " he said . "  For some manufacturers the show is all about the race for orders , how many deals they 've signed , and others make a point of avoiding that . But nobody really goes to Paris and decides there and then , ' I like that , let 's buy two , ' -- it 's the meetings that matter . "  It 's not about past glories , it 's all about looking to the future : where the industry is going , rather than where it 's been . " Follow all the action at the 2013 Paris Airshow via our Twitter list	50th Paris Airshow -- world 's largest aviation industry event -- takes place from June 17 to 23 More than 2,000 exhibitors from 44 countries around the world will display their wares 2013 highlights include flight demonstrations by Russian Sukhoi Su 35 fighter jet Boeing and Airbus are both expected to announce a flood of new orders
CNN  -- The former Massachusetts state chemist who has admitted to wrongdoing during her nine-year employment with the Department of Public Health also misled her employers when applying for the job , the department said . Annie Dookhan , who lied and said she had a master 's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts , was hired in 2003 as a Chemist I and was reclassified as a Chemist II in 2005 , the health department said . "  While neither of the positions she held required a master 's degree , it is now clear that she intentionally misled the department about her education during the course of her employment , " the statement said . Massachusetts authorities will review of 1,140 people who are serving prison sentences after being convicted with evidence at least partly provided by Dookhan , whose work with criminal evidence is under investigation , according to the attorney appointed by the Massachusetts governor to lead the Department of Public Health drug lab review . Chemist in Boston lab scandal handled 50,000 drug samples Dookhan has admitted to wrongdoing , but Gov. Deval Patick 's office said it can not reveal any more details about her confession during the ongoing investigation . She faces possible criminal charges pending an investigation by the Attorney General 's Office . A preliminary investigation looked into every case Dookhan may have touched from 2003 until she left in March , Terrel Harris , communications director for the Executive Office of Public Safety and Security , said Tuesday . It is possible she touched 60,000 samples that were involved in 34,000 drug cases . State Police and the Attorney General 's office are working together to investigate each case Dookhan was involved with during her nine years with the state lab , said Kim Haberlin , the governor 's press secretary . Patrick appointed David Meier , a defense attorney and former prosecutor , to run the "  central office , " which is a clearinghouse for all the information connected to the 34,000 cases touched by Dookhan , Haberlin said Tuesday . Meier will collect the information to give to prosecutors and defense attorneys involved with each case . "  That 's not to say their convictions were improper or wrong , " Haberlin said . On Monday , Meier presented a list of 690 people serving sentences in state prisons and 450 who are imprisoned in county jails whose trials were potentially tainted by the mishandling of drug evidence . According to a letter from Meier to Worcester County District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. , 22 of those individuals may also be facing deportation or related immigration proceedings as a result of the outcome of their trial . David Traub , spokesperson for the Norfolk District Attorney , compared the Massachusetts judicial system to a computer destroyed by a virus . In many cases , the drug charges were clustered with others . Each case will have to be deconstructed and sentences will have to be redefined according to the results of the investigation for those in prison first , and then those who have already served their time , he said . "  The layers of mess can not be overstated . " The Norfolk District Attorney 's Office supports those incarcerated who are trying to get out on bail until the investigation is finished , he said . "  We do n't get to argue that someone should stay in jail if the evidence is tainted against them . " Those who are in jail on other charges , such as gun possession , will not be let out , though , he said . State police were tipped off in July by Dookhan 's co-workers at the William A. Hinton State Laboratory in Jamaica Plain that Dookhan 's work might be unreliable , Harris said . At the time , state police were taking over what had previously been a Department of Public Health drug laboratory , which certified random drug tests for the police departments in Norfolk , Suffolk , Middlesex and Bristol counties , as well as for Cape Cod and the islands . The takeover was part of the Fiscal Year 2013 budget . "  When they were getting ready to take over the lab , they learned through conversations with other employees who were afraid to verify the work of their colleague , " Harris said . Dookhan was no longer an employee of the laboratory at the time , having left in March . Patrick ordered the lab to be shut on August 30 after the extent of Dookhan 's mishandlings were realized , a representative from his office said . Dr. Linda Han , director of the Bureau of Laboratory Sciences , resigned as a result of the investigation , while Julie Nassif , director of the analytical chemistry division , was fired . Dookhan 's immediate supervisor , who has not been identified , faces disciplinary proceedings , and the governor 's office said it is seeking termination there as well . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this story .	Annie Dookhan 's work on criminal evidence is being investigated The chemist 's actions call into question hundreds of convictions Officials say she lied about having a master 's degree when she was hired
CNN  -- The body of a woman was found near her car Wednesday , the apparent victim of an ammonia leak from a nearby plant in Swansea , South Carolina , police said . The leak occurred at the Tanner Industries plant as a hose had been connected from a delivery trailer containing anhydrous ammonia  purified ammonia  to a storage tank in the facility , said David Binder , director of quality safety and regulatory affairs for Tanner Industries . "  During that operation , a hole burst in the hose , " he said . "  That released ammonia gas . " The leak from the plant , located about 24 miles south of Columbia , was reported to the Lexington County Sheriff 's Department shortly before 8 a.m. , said Maj. John Allard , a public information officer for the department . Firefighters arrived within 10 minutes at the plant , where they saw a large , light-colored , dense plume , and closed area roads to traffic , he said . The ammonia hovered first over U.S. 321 , then moved into a wooded area , blackening its foliage , Allard said . Public safety personnel searched the vicinity for any people or animals affected by the leak , and -- at 9:30 a.m. -- found the woman 's body next to her vehicle , which was parked on the side of U.S. 321 , he said . Officials were speculating that the woman had been driving north when she encountered the plume and tried to turn around , but her car stalled . She apparently got out of the vehicle and was overcome by the fumes , Allard said . An autopsy has been ordered . The woman 's name was not released pending notification of her family . Seven people were taken to Lexington County Medical Center in stable condition with respiratory problems , none of which was life-threatening , Allard said . Five were plant workers ; the other two were nearby residents . The road was reopened at 2 p.m. , after the plume had dissipated , he said . The U.S. Chemical Safety Board -- an independent agency charged with investigating industrial chemical accidents -- announced it is deploying an investigation team to the site of the ammonia release . Tanner 's Binder described the occurrence as "  tragic , " adding that nothing similar had occurred in the plant 's more than 13 years of existence . "  This is just heart-wrenching , " he said , adding that there were no immediate plans to reopen the plant . Ammonia , a strong irritant that affects the respiratory system , is used in a variety of industries , including the manufacture of fertilizers and in commercial refrigeration systems . CNN 's Anna Rhett Cobb contributed to this story	Ammonia leak reported at Tanner Industries plant in Swansea , South Carolina Public safety officials searching area found woman 's body by car Officials speculate woman turned car around when she encountered plume She may have gotten out of car , inhaled fumes , officials say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Lee Byung-hun 's arrival in the packed auditorium at a London screening of his latest film , "  The Good , The Bad , The Weird , " causes a well-behaved sizzle of excitement to run through the largely female and Asian audience . Lee Byung-hun takes a walk on the dark side in "  The Good , The Bad , The Weird . " His name is whispered breathlessly between friends , but in a classic display of Asian politeness , the only indication there is a genuine heartthrob in the room are a couple of poorly contained shrieks . Tall , exquisitely chiseled and with the kind of smooth line-free skin that belies his 38 years , it 's not hard to see why Lee is also known as the "  James Dean of Asia . " In his native South Korea he is best known for brooding , soulful performances in romantic films and TV dramas . He 's a hot star now , especially after his eye-catching performance in "  The Good , The Bad , The Weird , " says Jean Noh , deputy Asia editor based in Korea for global film trade magazine Screen International . "  He has huge popularity , it seems , in Japan and amongst their diaspora as well , thanks to his TV and film roles , " she says . And , now , he is starting to make a name for himself outside Asia . Lee is set to grace UK screens in January when Kim Jee-woon 's so-called Kimchi western , "  The Good , the Bad , the Weird , " is released . Next year will see him co-star with Josh Hartnett in the crime thriller "  I Come with the Rain , " directed by Vietnamese Tran Anh Hung who made his name on the global movie scene in 1993 with "  The Scent of Green Papaya . " Lee has also wrapped up filming on the highly anticipated Hollywood action flick , "  G.I. Joe : Rise of Cobra . " Lee is in London to promote "  The Good , the Bad , the Weird , " and is polite and unassuming in person , taking time to reflect as he delivers his responses in English . "  People told me , ` Your eyes changed . You look so bad , ' " Lee says of playing the film 's titular "  Bad , " a sadistic killer who heads up a gang of bandits . "  I was so happy about that . " From his black leather-clad hands to his wild , psychotic eyes , an air of cool , remorseless detachment envelops him . In a review , Variety described Lee 's eyes as "  commanding " and having a "  Korean psycho-gangster mentality . " It is an unsettling performance , and one of the film 's many highlights . After playing primarily romantic leads , Lee says playing a villain was a refreshing experience for him and something he 'd been thinking about for his entire acting career . "  Actors always want to play the villain role at least once in their life . I had a good time because I could finally realize a full range of expressions and emotions , " he told CNN . Set in the 1930s , the film follows three Korean outlaws on a chase across the desert plains of Japan-occupied Manchuria on a hunt for a legendary treasure map . The movie hits on a trifecta : It stars three of South Korea 's leading actors  Lee is joined on screen by Song Kang-ho and Jung Woo-sung  , has a massive $ 17 million budget and is helmed by the award-winning Kim . With stunning wide shots of endless horizons filmed in China 's Gobi Desert and edge-of-your-seat action from start to finish , Kim 's homage to Sergio Leone 's 1966 classic "  The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly , " with more than a hint of "  Indiana Jones " delivers a steady stream of adrenaline . Have you seen "  The Good , The Bad , The Weird ? " What did you think ? Lee says his character was perfected through several conversations , discussions and arguments with Kim , a close friend who also directed him in 2005 's "  A Bittersweet Life . " Everybody has bad characters in their mind , even if it may be small or in their subconscious , Lee explains , referring to his preparation for the role . "  Of course , I have that kind of character inside of me , I think . So , I amplified my bad side . But the main thing is the mind , I think , which comes from the inside , " he told CNN . Lee has always had star power , says Noh from Screen International . "  But he had to grow into his acting chops . He worked prolifically in TV and film , and seems serious about his career choices , " she says . This role is the screen idol 's latest step in a slow break out from "  type , " since his turn as an enforcer for an underworld boss in the film noir "  A Bittersweet Life . " In South Korea , where celebrities are closely scrutinized by the public and Internet gossip is rampant , Lee , who is a target because of his film star status , says he tries his best to steer clear of online chatter . The spread of rumors over the Web is one of the biggest problems that exists in South Korea . The recent suicide of one of the nation 's leading actresses was blamed on online gossip . "  There has to be change , " Lee said . "  I try not to read those kinds of things . I think it 's better to do that . " This may have been easier for him recently , as he has been busy working on projects outside of South Korea , although , he says these too hold their challenges . Working in Hollywood was difficult , especially acting in English which , says Lee , made it harder for him to focus on his emotions and expressions . Lee plays Storm Shadow in the action movie "  G.I. Joe , " which is due for release next summer . The movie , based on the popular comic and cartoon series , boasts a star-studded cast , including Sienna Miller and Dennis Quaid . "  Everything was so different . It was really hard , " he said about filming "  G.I. Joe . " "  But it was a very good experience for me . " He 's now back in Korea working but is n't ruling out the possibility of returning to Hollywood . He says he could envision going back and forth between South Korea and the U.S. "  Of course , if they have good projects for me , then I would participate . "	South Korean actor Lee Byung-hun is starting to connect with global audiences The "  James Dean of Asia " sizzles in Korean western "  The Good , the Bad , the Weird " Lee is due to make his Hollywood debut in next summer 's blockbuster "  G.I. Joe "
CNN  -- Iran will not send its partially enriched uranium abroad to be turned into material for medical research , its foreign minister said Wednesday , rejecting a key plank of a deal designed to ease international fears that Tehran aims to build nuclear weapons . Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said Iran might allow its nuclear material to be reprocessed inside Iran , the semi-official ISNA news agency reported . The deal hammered out last month with the help of the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency aimed to reduce the amount of raw material Iran has to build a nuclear bomb . Tehran denies that it wants to do so , saying its nuclear program is to produce civilian nuclear energy and do medical work . The watchdog International Atomic Energy Agency said Wednesday that it could not confirm or deny that Iran had rejected any part of the proposal . U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said , "  This is the IAEA 's proposal , and Iran has to give their response to the IAEA , and that 's what we 're waiting for . That 's what the IAEA is waiting for . " But , he said , "  until the IAEA gets the response and formally says this is ... Iran 's response , I do n't consider a statement to the press necessarily a response . " On October 1 , the IAEA proposal "  was accepted in principle by all the parties including Iran , " Kelly said . "  And there was also an agreement that each of the parties would provide a written response to the proposal . "  Russia , France and the United States have provided a written response , " he said . "  We expect Iran to provide a written response . And we expect the IAEA to pronounce on that response . So we will wait for the IAEA to make a formal response to this . " In a report published Monday , the IAEA expressed concerns about Iran 's nuclear program . The Islamic republic 's disclosure of a previously secret nuclear facility near Qom raised questions about the existence of other such facilities , and its delay in acknowledging the facility "  does not contribute to the building of confidence " in Tehran , the IAEA said in the report . Tehran has not convinced the agency its nuclear program is n't military , said the report , published on the Institute for Science and International Security Web site . A source with direct knowledge of the report confirmed its authenticity to CNN . Tehran shocked the international community in September by revealing the existence of the nuclear enrichment facility . On Monday , Kelly said in a statement that the report "  underscores that Iran still refuses to comply fully with its international nuclear obligations . " IAEA inspectors visited the newly revealed facility last month , according to the report . During a meeting in Tehran , Iranian officials told the inspectors that construction of the site had begun during late 2007 , the report said , and it would not be operational until 2011 . However , the IAEA inspectors told Iran that "  it had acquired commercially available satellite imagery of the site indicating that there had been construction at the site between 2002 and 2004 , and that construction activities were resumed in 2006 and had continued to date , " the report said . IAEA member states also allege that design work on the facility , the Fordow Fuel Enrichment Plant , began in 2006 , the report said . Iranian officials told inspectors that the nation has no other undisclosed nuclear facilities either under construction or in operation , the report said , and promised that any future facilities would be disclosed . A letter sent this month asks Tehran to confirm that it has not decided to construct or authorized construction of any undisclosed facility , the report said . Iran remains bound by the terms of a 2003 agreement under which it must provide information to the IAEA regarding nuclear facilities as soon as the decision to build is made or construction is authorized . "  Even if , as stated by Iran , the decision to construct the new facility at the Fordow site was taken in the second half of 2007 , Iran 's failure to notify the agency of the new facility until September 2009 was inconsistent with its obligations , " the IAEA said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has said construction of the facility violates U.N. Security Council resolutions , Kelly said . "  Iran 's delay in submitting such information to the agency does not contribute to the building of confidence , " the report said . "  While the agency has confirmed that the plant corresponds to the design information provided by Iran , Iran 's explanation about the purpose of the facility and the chronology of its design and construction requires further clarification . " The agency is waiting for Iran 's reply to its request to meet officials in regard to those issues and others , according to the report . "  Further analysis of the information available to the agency underscores the importance of Iran engaging with the agency in a substantive and comprehensive manner , and providing the requested access , so that the remaining outstanding issues may be resolved . " The agency encouraged IAEA member states who have provided it information on Iran to share that information with Tehran as well . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Iran says it wo n't send partially enriched uranium abroad for medical research Proposal was key part of deal brokered by U.N. nuclear watchdog U.S. says proposal "  was accepted in principle by all parties including Iran " U.S. , EU nations concerned Iran intends to develop nuclear weapons
London  CNN  -- The red carpet is fashion 's grandest stage where stars line up to see and be seen . But who you are wearing is as important as who you are . If Livia Firth , wife of Academy Award-winning actor Colin , gets her way , the kind of fabric you are wearing will be just as essential . Now in its third year , the Green Carpet Challenge was established to persuade top designers to dress the world 's most famous faces in clothing that is ecologically friendly and socially responsible . "  First of all , you want to wear something that is made with non-toxic materials and dyes and also that it 's made by people who are happy fundamentally , " Firth says . She has worn yarn made from recycled plastic bottles to the Golden Globes , material from repurposed thrift store finds for the Oscars and discarded fabric to meet Queen Elizabeth II . Now she is persuading some of the biggest names in film and fashion to follow suit including designer and film director Tom Ford , Hollywood legend Meryl Streep and rising star Michael Fassbender . "  A designer will create a gown for an actress anyway . So what we do is to work with the designers to switch the fabric to eco-alternatives , " Firth said . One of Firth 's own "  green carpet " triumphs was an emerald green gown made of upcycled fabric created from scratch by British designer Henrietta Ludgate who produces her designs out of a small workshop/showroom in London . "  We source from mills in Scotland and England . We upcycle fabrics and we produce everything locally . It 's zero clothes miles , " Ludgate said . Sourcing fabrics this way allows Ludgate to oversee every step of the production process which she says leads to a superior product but not perhaps superior profits . "  People buy for design rather than sustainability . When they find out about it , I 'm hoping that they will buy more ! " But fashion journalist Lucy Siegle would like to see people buying less . She started the Green Carpet Challenge with Firth in 2009 in the hope it would encourage people to try new things with uncommon materials and clothes already in existence . "  Innovation , as it 's told by mainstream fashion , is about wearing the latest look from the latest celebrity or whatever , " Siegle said . "  Ironically , we are working with celebrities , but we 're showing that it 's not just about imitating a trend . It 's actually about techniques , about tailoring and heritage fabrics . It 's about the narrative of a piece , " she added . It 's a trend that Livia Firth hopes will continue . "  Next year we hope to have a dedicated lane at the Oscars for the Green Carpet Challenge people , " Firth said .	Livia Firth 's Green Carpet Challenge puts ethical fashion in the spotlight Wife of Oscar-winning actor Colin , Firth founded the project in 2009 Firth has encouraged Hollywood 's biggest stars to wear recycled clothes on the red carpet
CNN  -- Sweden 's royals will soon be welcoming an American into the family , after the royal court announced Thursday the engagement of Princess Madeleine and Christopher O'Neill , a wealthy New York financier . The brown-haired , blue-eyed princess described O'Neill as her "  soulmate " and said he had opened her heart -- perhaps reflecting her heartbreak after a previous engagement was called off in 2010 amid reports of infidelity by her then fiance . Princess Madeleine Therese Amelie Josephine , to give her full name , is the youngest child of Sweden 's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia and fourth in line to the Scandanavian nation 's throne . The couple , who live in New York , met through mutual friends , Madeleine said , in an interview released by the royal court along with the engagement announcement . Madeleine , 30 , said they had been great friends at first before romance blossomed , sharing the same humor and having "  a lot of fun together . " Read more : When UK 's William and Kate got married "  I appreciate Chris for his warmth and his humor . He has a very big heart and he manages to make everyone in his presence feel good . Christopher is a very thoughtful and generous person , " she said . Love struck quicker for O'Neill , who said that "  from the very outset , I immediately felt something special with Madeleine . " Princess Madeleine said the proposal , earlier this month , had been "  very romantic and intimate " but that they wanted to keep the details to themselves . O'Neill , who has dual British-American citizenship , confirmed he had taken the traditional route and asked her father , the king , for her hand in marriage . The king gave his consent and "  requested the approval by the Swedish Government , in accordance with the procedures set out in the Swedish Constitution , " the court announcement said . Queen Silvia is quoted by Swedish daily newspaper Aftonbladet as saying : "  The princess is very happy and so are we . He is a real dream-son-in-law . " The wedding will take place in summer 2013 but a date has not yet been announced . O'Neill may have been reassured by the fact he 's not the first commoner to marry into Sweden 's royal family in recent years . Madeleine 's elder sister , Crown Princess Victoria , wed her former personal trainer in June 2010 . Gym owner Daniel Westling was given the title Prince Daniel , Duke of Vaestergoetland , on their marriage . The couple had a daughter in February who became second in line to the throne of Sweden , as the first grandchild of the king and queen . O'Neill , 38 , says he is still working on learning Swedish but has been given a warm welcome by the royal family . Brides no longer wedded to white "  I felt part of the family right from the very beginning . Madeleine 's family is very warm and we have a very good time when we all see each other , " he said . Born in London , where his late father Paul O'Neill was posted from his native New York , Christopher was educated at a Swiss boarding school before gaining an MBA from Columbia Business School in New York , according to an official biography provided by the Swedish court . A 16-year career within the field of finance followed . He is currently a partner and head of research at Noster Capital , which has offices in New York and London -- as well as being a keen sportsman and Chelsea Football Club fan . His mother , Eva Maria O'Neill , is quoted by the court as saying : "  As the mother of Christopher O'Neill I am delighted at the happy news . I look forward to welcoming Princess Madeleine , who I am very fond of , into our family . I wish them both all possible happiness . " The couple will remain in New York for the time being but have not ruled out a move to Sweden in future . Madeleine reportedly moved to New York in 2010 to get over her split from ex-fiance Jonas Bergstrom , which came just two months before her sister 's wedding . The broken tryst followed reports that Bergstrom was "  intimate " with a Norwegian college student and handball star while they were engaged . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Princess Madeleine and Christopher O'Neill met through mutual friends in New York "  I immediately felt something special with Madeleine , " says O'Neill Madeleine is the third child of Sweden 's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia The wedding is planned for next summer but no date has yet been announced
The Somali pirates roaming the waters off the Horn of Africa push global trade costs up by billions of dollars per year and severely affect the economic activities of neighboring countries , a new World Bank report has found . Although hijackings in the region have dropped significantly since last year , piracy could still cost the global economy an estimated $ 18 billion annually , according to the "  Pirates of Somalia : Ending the Threat , Rebuilding a Nation " report , launched Thursday in the Somali capital of Mogadishu . Read this : Peace concert rocks Mogadishu The increased costs come as shippers are forced to change trading routes , sending fuel bills soaring , as well as pay higher insurance premiums and security bills for guards on board . But apart from making international trade more expensive , the threat of piracy in one of the world 's most important trade gateways is also an economic blow for neighboring East African countries , particularly in the pillar sectors of tourism and fishing , said the report . Since 2006 , tourism spending in East African coastal countries has risen 25 % more slowly than other sub-Saharan African nations , mainly because of fewer arrivals from high-income citizens of OECD countries . Piracy in the region is thought to have tarnished its image as a stable holiday destination , with visits to impacted East African coastal nations down by nearly 6.5 % relative to visits to other countries . According to the World Bank , exports of fish products from piracy-hit countries have also suffered , declining by 23.8 % since 2006 , the year the report takes as the starting point of piracy . The World Bank defines piracy-affected countries as Comoros , Djibouti , Kenya , Mozambique , Madagascar , Mauritius , the Seychelles , Somalia , Tanzania , as well as Yemen , Pakistan and the countries of the Persian Gulf . Read this : ` New hope for Somalia ' The economy of war-torn Somalia , which last September moved closer to stability after electing its first president on home soil in decades , is also severely hit ; piracy-related trade costs increase by up to $ 6 million annually , without considering that potential sea-based economic activities are constrained by piracy . The authors of the report said the solution to ending piracy will only come with the recreation of a functional Somali state and urged the international community to focus on helping the East African county build a viable political system . "  Piracy is a symptom of the breakdown of Somalia 's political system , " said economist and lead author of the report Quy-Toan Do . "  Go after the system , not just the pirates . " According to the report , 1,068 attacks have been carried out by Somali pirates since January 2005 . Of these , 218 resulted in successful hijackings , with an estimated $ 53 million average annual ransom paid . Between 82 and 97 casualties are believed to have occurred as a result of these attacks . Attacks peaked in 2011 , but have declined sharply since , largely because of increased mobilization of international naval forces and tighter security adopted by the shipping industry . A report earlier this week by advocacy group Oceans Beyond Piracy said that maritime piracy cost the global economy between $ 5.7 and $ 6.1 billion in 2012 , much lower than the World Bank figures .	Piracy off the Horn of Africa costs the world economy $ 18 billion a year , according to a new report World Bank study says pirate attacks also hurt the economies of Somalia and neighboring countries In particular , the strategic sectors of tourism and fishing are hit
CNN  -- Hmm , there must be something in the water in New York . For the third consecutive year , a New York beauty queen has been crowned Miss America . This time , it was Kira Kazantsev who had the tiara placed atop her perfectly coiffed head . The 23-year-old Kazantsev 's platform is domestic violence . During the question and answer portion of the pageant -- held Sunday at its birthplace of Atlantic City , New Jersey -- she said sexual assault in the military is a problem that needs the attention of lawmakers . For her talent portion , she sang Pharrell Williams ' "  Happy " while she kept time by tapping a red plastic cup on the floor , a la Anna Kendrick 's character in the movie "  Pitch Perfect . " When she was announced the winner , she was handed the crown from last year 's Miss America -- and a Miss New York -- Nina Davuluri . Miss Virginia Courtney Paige Garrett was first runner-up . Miss Arkansas Ashton Jo Campbell was second runner-up .	The 23-year-old Kazantsev 's platform is domestic violence For her talent portion , she sang Pharrell Williams ' "  Happy "
Washington  CNN  -- Whatever you think of his politics , House Speaker John Boehner has a great sense of humor . So perhaps he wo n't mind the question framed this way : What happened , in the course of just one week , to make Speaker Boehner the Miss Emily Litella of immigration reform ? If I have lost you already , take a moment and search the Web to understand the reference -- you wo n't regret it . "  Never mind , " was the trademark closing line of a character the late Gilda Radner made famous as a cast member on "  Saturday Night Live . " And "  never mind , " is what Speaker Boehner might just as well have said Thursday when he all but declared the immigration reform legislative debate dead for 2014 . "  Listen , there 's widespread doubt about whether this administration can be trusted to enforce our laws , " Boehner told reporters , suggesting White House executive actions to change provisions of the health care law had many conservatives worried the administration would n't feel bound by any immigration legislation passed by Congress . Citing that trust deficit , the Speaker added : "  It 's going to be difficult to move any immigration legislation until that changes . " There is without a doubt deep mistrust of the Obama White House in the Republican congressional ranks . But is that mistrust any greater than just a week ago ? Of course not , and it was just a week ago that the same Speaker Boehner said this of the same immigration debate : "  This problem has been around for at least the last 15 years , it 's been turned into a political football . I think it 's unfair , so I think it 's time to deal with it . " To be fair , the Speaker a week ago was candid about the disagreements and skepticism within the Republican ranks -- and among Republican base voters critical to 2014 midterm success . "  That 's why , " he said a week ago , "  doing immigration reform in a common sense , step by step manner helps our members understand the bite size pieces and helps our constituents build more confidence that what we 're doing makes sense . " But to that point , again just a week ago , the word from House GOP leadership aides was that Boehner wanted to try to see if the House could act this year . And President Obama tried to create some space for compromise , angering some liberals by telling CNN 's Jake Tapper he would not prejudge the final product -- opening the door to accepting a measure that provided legal status , but not a fast track , to citizenship for the estimated 11Â 1/2 million undocumented immigrants in the United States . Now , it appears testing that spirit of compromise will have to wait until 2015 or beyond . What changed in a week ? Nothing , say key Boehner lieutenants . They insist people , primarily immigration activists and the media , read too much into what the Speaker said a week ago . "  Nothing ` happened ' per se , " a top Boehner aide said in an e-mail exchange . "  We just got started and getting started requires taking a sober view at the challenges that we face . All he did today was outline the challenges we need to overcome . " Those challenges -- the trust deficit as outlined by the Speaker -- are most unlikely to be overcome in a heated election year . Veteran GOP strategist Alex Castellanos , who for years has been urging the GOP to act on immigration , said the politics behind Boehner 's shift were easy to understand . "  Nothing the House would do would ever become law , " Castellanos said -- meaning that even if the House passed something , it was unlikely that differences with the Senate could be worked out this year . So a House debate now , Castellanos said , "  would divide Republicans and become a political weapon Democrats could use against Republicans in 2014 . " There is no doubt a vocal slice of the House GOP conference was against acting on immigration this year -- arguing their biggest priority is turning out conservative base voters , many of whom view even legal status as amnesty . And on the Senate side , GOP leader Mitch McConnell had already served notice he had little appetite for revisiting the issue in that chamber before the election . Not only does McConnell face a tea party primary challenge but , as we illustrated last Sunday on "  Inside Politics , " most GOP strategists see action on immigration this year -- whatever the long-term good it might do Republicans -- as potentially harmful to GOP prospects this year . The raw politics behind that view : In the 11 states where Senate seats now held by Democrats that are top GOP 2014 targets , conservative turnout is critical and the Latino population tiny to small .  West Virginia is lowest with just a 1 % Latino population ; North Carolina is the highest at 9 % . "  McConnell saying it was n't going to get done -- burst the balloon , " said GOP strategist Ana Navarro , another voice who consistently stresses the urgency of acting on the immigration issue , yet sees the short-term political rationale of waiting . So does Castellanos , again despite his longer-term worries about the GOP and the Latino vote . "  Right now , the spotlight is center stage on the Democrats , the President and Obamacare , " said Castellanos . "  And the GOP wants to do nothing to distract from that , certainly not start a food fight on immigration . "	A week ago , House Speaker Boehner said he wanted to try to act on immigration On Thursday , Boehner said it would n't happen this year Trust gap between Republicans and White House wo n't close in election year Immigration debate between House Republicans would give Democrats a weapon
Rolling Stone  -- Questlove remembers the moment he called D'Angelo and asked him to make his first U.S. concert appearance in 12 years on June 9th , for the drummer 's late-night Super Jam at Bonnaroo . "  I said , ` It will be a whole night doing what we used to do at Electric Lady in the Nineties , ' " Questlove tells Rolling Stone . " ` Playing the Funkadelic catalog and seeing what we get , the Prince catalog , Hendrix , the Meters . ' He said , ` Go ahead . ' And once he said , ` Go ahead , ' I was like , ' I got you now . ' " During the live jam session , D'Angelo surprised the crowd by grooving with Funkadelic singer Kendra Foster during a funky cover of the Beatles ' "  She Came in Through the Bathroom Window " and shredding guitar on Jimi Hendrix 's "  Power of Soul . " "  He 's elated , " Questlove says . "  He was just amazed . I wanted him to see how loved he really is because he really does n't get it . He seriously does n't watch television . He 's not on a computer at all . He 's still listening to vinyl , cassettes and a Discman . " The Roots drummer hopes the appearance will convince D'Angelo to finally release his first LP since 2000 's "  Voodoo . " Questlove says roughly 30 tracks have been recorded over the last few years , with many sessions taking place at Electric Lady in New York , where the singer cut Voodoo . "  He is about to take a radical 180 turn with this record , " says Questlove . "  It 's going to throw people off the same way that Prince 's Dirty Mind threw his R&B fanbase off . In the past few years , he 's discovered Bowie and Zeppelin , the Beatles , Pet Sounds , Captain Beefheart and Zappa . "  My whole reasoning for doing -LSB- Bonnaroo -RSB- , " Questlove says , "  was to show him who his real audience is . " On the upcoming album , fans will also hear a new side of the singer : as a guitarist . "  I saw a guitar in the studio , and I was like , ` What the hell 's this ? ' " Questlove remembers . "  One night , when he did n't know I was watching , he took a dinner break from recording . Suddenly , I heard -LSB- Funkadelic 's -RSB- ` Maggot Brain ' playing . I realized he was in the studio room matching it note-for-note . For the last 12 years , he 's been strumming the guitar ... He is so painfully shy about it . I think in his head , if he does n't surpass Eddie Hazel , Santana , James Blood Ulmer and Frank Zappa as an axeman , he does n't want to share it with the world . " D'Angelo has also been creating his own keyboard sounds for the album . "  He 's very particular about his patches , " Questlove adds . "  I 've never heard these sounds before . He 'll take an ordinary sound and he 'll filter it through a guitar processor . He 'll take that particular sound and put some wave envelope noise on it , and he 'll put it back in the keyboard , and that 's his sound . There 's a song we worked on called ` The Charade . ' There 's this symphonic trombone sound , which normally would be a cheesy sound Swizz Beatz uses . But he 'll take that sound and then put it through a guitar filter and put it back in the keyboard and then put it through another filter . It 's totally unique . " Fans should expect to hear some of the new songs during an appearance at New Orleans Essence Festival on July 6th . Questlove says the goal is to release the LP around August . "  Nothing is official -- it is year 12 , " he laughs . "  I 'm just hoping that this was enough fire to really make him do that . Because we spoke the day after -LSB- Bonnaroo -RSB- and he said , ` I 'm so happy . ' I said , ` Now you just turn in your damn record . Just finish . Just turn it in . Let your children go already . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The Roots drummer Questlove said D'Angelo will take a ` radical 180 turn ' with his next record D'Angelo made his first U.S. concert appearance in 12 years on at Bonnaroo on June 9th Questlove hopes the appearance will convince D'Angelo to release his LP
Metropolis , Illinois  CNN  -- Superman will not be saving Lois Lane this time , but the residents of Metropolis are hopeful his fans will . Metropolis , Illinois wants a companion statue for Superman , but the economy may block its efforts . The villain is the economy . Despite being about $ 70,000 shy of the funding needed to cast a figure in the image of the fictional "  Daily Planet " reporter , this town of 6,000 residents says it 's going forward with a ground breaking . Metropolis wants its Lois Lane statue . There are no skyscrapers here . If you search the local telephone book you wo n't find any familiar names . There 's no Lex Luthor or Perry White . The closest Jimmy Olsen lives in Aledo , Illinois . If you call the nearby nuclear plant and ask about kryptonite they wo n't take you seriously . Most days of the year you can walk about town without seeing anyone in a cape or leotard . Very little about Metropolis , Illinois , resembles the metroplex made famous in "  Action Comics , " except for the constant presence of Superman . His statue stands 15-feet tall outside the Massac County Courthouse and 50 yards away is the county justice center . In 1972 , DC Comics , the current owner of the character , declared the town the official home for Superman . Since then , it 's residents have fashioned a monument , a museum , and an annual festival around the superhero . "  We 've had groups from as far away as Japan and Australia , " said Karla Ogle , one of the festival organizers . "  There 's a family that comes every year from Canada . " And each year Noel Neill is honored . She 's the original Lois Lane . Neill starred opposite George Reeves in the 1950s "  Adventures of Superman " television series and it 's her image the local chamber of commerce wants to immortalize in a statue . The town first came up with the idea of a companion statue for Superman in 2005 . A lot has changed since then , primarily the economy . "  We 've been affected pretty heavily because most of our revenue comes from the casino , " said Mayor Billy McDaniel . The Harrah 's Casino is the closest thing this little burgh has to a tall building . "  Their revenue has been down as much as 30 percent , " noted McDaniel . And the Metropolis budget is not bulletproof either . The town has not been replacing some workers as they retire , because of the lower tax receipts . What about the prospects for Lois Lane ? "  If there 's any money out there we 're going to find it , " said the mayor . Metropolis has agreed to foot half the statue 's bill , if the Illinois Board of Tourism provides a matching grant . Private donations have raised only $ 9,000 in four years , not even enough to pay for the monument 's base . "  They were good initially , but slowed down to a trickle , " said Clyde Wills with the Metropolis Chamber of Commerce . "  We 're committed to the project , " despite the economy . The city plans to break ground for the statue on June 11 , during the opening night of their annual Superman festival , even though the state is months away from a decision on their grant request . Lois Lane 's fate , like in most issues of the comic , is "  to be continued ... "	Illinois town came up with idea for Lois Lane statue in 2005 Since then , the economy has taken a downturn and the funding is short Town plans to go through with groundbreaking , despite the budget shortfall
CNN  -- November 6 , 2008 , 9:06 a.m. : Ernie Casillas can peg the downward spiral of his life to that exact minute , when he was fired from his job as a mortgage broker . Barack Obama had just been elected president as Casillas was leaving the work force . Nearly four years later , as Obama seeks reelection , Casillas has finally landed his first full-time job , emerging out of the group known as the long-term unemployed . The Labor Department 's July employment figures on Friday showed the average duration of unemployment shrank from 39.9 weeks in June to 38.8 weeks in July . The percentage of people who are unemployed long-term  27 weeks or longer  shrank from 41.9 % in June to 40.7 % in July . Casillas says his life is evidence that the economy is beginning to turn around . But the road to his new job was painful , heartbreaking and financially devastating . July jobs report : Hiring picks up , unemployment rises He remembers his life pre-November 2008 : He wore expensive suits , drove a Mercedes and spent every cent of his paycheck . When he was laid off , he thought he 'd be back at work in two weeks . He was wrong . The subprime mortgage crisis was eating away at the U.S. economy . Employers were shedding jobs , not adding them . A few credits shy of his associate degree , Casillas found himself overqualified for many jobs but underqualified for higher-paid middle-class ones . "  Overqualified , what does that mean ? " Casillas remembers . "  They kept telling me that . Meanwhile , my life is going down the drain . " He lost his house , his Mercedes , and then his wife left him . In his 40s , he was forced to take the humiliating step of moving in with his mother . A year after he lost his job , he began selling everything he owned on Craigslist . Obama closer to breaking even on jobs Then Casillas decided to go even further . He placed an ad on Craigslist that read , "  Unemployed . I need a job . " "  I was n't this rich yuppie anymore , " he says . "  Driving expensive cars , having expensive suits . It humbles you . This is real . " Casillas continued to send out résumés and network at job fairs . But hundreds of résumés later , he still had no job . He started his own computer consulting company , hoping to parlay his IT knowledge into a paycheck . But in a sinking economy , few small businesses wanted to take a chance on a new entrepreneur . Last year , he tried a new route : bluntly hitting the Los Angeles financial district with a large sign that read , "  IT job needed . " Wearing a suit and clean-shaven , Casillas looked no different from the people walking around him at lunchtime . "  I think there 's a lot of us walking here who are not that far away from where you are , " said a man on his lunch hour . "  Yep , " said Casillas , shaking his head in acknowledgement . Casillas shook hands and traded business cards , but again , no job . Why this month 's good jobs news wo n't last Last month , all of Casillas ' networking finally paid off when he crossed paths with Anna Rosales , the CEO of Avor Inc. . Rosales listened as Casillas recounted his frustrating years on the job trail . The story resonated with Rosales , who had been unemployed herself . She hired Casillas as a supervisor in her green cleaning company , despite his lack of experience in the cleaning field . "  He deserves it . Everyone deserves to work , " Rosales says . Casillas would do well , she believed , because of his upbeat personality and his never-will-quit attitude . "  Have you ever been unemployed ? Ever not able to pay a bill ? There 's a whole lot of Ernies out there . " Friday 's Labor Department figures say there are 2.5 million long-term unemployed people like Ernie Casillas . While the figure is high , it is an improvement from the month before . Despite Casillas ' painful four-year journey , he says he will still vote for the man who came into office as Casillas was exiting his mortgage career . "  I would definitely vote for him , " says Casillas , saying he blames former President George W. Bush for the state of today 's economy . He also says Obama is less distasteful than his opponent . "  I do n't think he 's with the people . Mitt Romney does n't understand a guy like me , someone who 's cleaning and sweeping . He 's the guy we clean for . " Casillas says he 's learned many lessons from his jobless four years , beginning with learning to save . He plans to save half of his paycheck , just in case he loses his job . He also says people need to be flexible when seeking a job , pointing out that he never imagined working at a cleaning company . What he also never imagined is that his new job would pay more than a career as a mortgage banker . He is piecing his life together and looking forward to his first paycheck next week . He 's also moved out of his mother 's house and in with his girlfriend . Casillas adds that he 's become a better person and less materialistic . "  I no longer think I 'm better than the cleaning crew . I am the cleaning crew . So I feel that it made me a better man . " But when asked if he would ever choose to go through his journey again , he quickly responds , "  No . No . No . "	In 2008 , Ernie Casillas wore pricey suits , drove a Mercedes and spent without saving He lost his job in November of that year and was unemployed for almost four years Networking paid off when he crossed paths with the CEO of a green cleaning company Casillas says from those years , he 's learned to save , be more flexible and less materialistic
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Chinese officials blamed poor management and inadequate precautions for an explosion at a mine that killed 104 people , state-run media said Monday . In addition to those killed , 60 miners remained hospitalized from Saturday 's morning blast at the Xinxing coal mine in northeastern Heilongjiang province . Most were being treated for injuries such as carbon monoxide poisoning and burns , CCTV reported . Six were in critical condition with severe burns . Four other workers were still trapped underground in the mine shaft , the Xinhua news agency said . The accident started with a gas leak in one of the shafts , officials said . But because of poor ventilation , gas poured into the main tunnel and triggered an explosion that shook 28 of the 30 mining platforms in operation . About 530 miners were working in the mine at the time . Luo Lin , head of the State Administration of Work Safety , told Xinhua that the mine 's management was to blame for not evacuating workers when they detected a high gas density in the pit . State regulations stipulate that miners have to evacuate if gas density exceeds 2 percent . The density in the pit was more than 10 percent , authorities said . "  The mine has too many mining platforms in operation and has sent to many workers down the pit to increase output , " said Zhao Tiechui , deputy head of the work safety agency . The mine is owned and operated by the Heilongjiang Longmei Mining Holding Group . Unlike most small - and mid-size collieries , Xinxing produces 12 million tons of coal a year . The blast took place during a five-day inspection of work safety conditions in Hegang , local media said . Immediately after the blast , the mine 's director , deputy director and chief engineer were fired . Mine accidents are common in China . Last year , 3,200 people were killed in such accidents , state media said . The latest blast is the deadliest since December 2007 , when 105 miners were killed in Shanxi province . The deadliest mine blast took place in August 2007 when two collieries flooded in Shandong province , killing 181 miners , Xinhua said . Chinese officials said they will pay at least 250,000 yuan  $ 36,600  to each of the families of the miners who died .	Chinese officials blamed poor management and inadequate precautions for an explosion Explosion killed 104 and hospitalized 60 others Last year , 3,200 people were killed in mine accidents , state media said Four miners still trapped underground , state media reported
CNN  -- "  Carlos the Jackal , " once among the world 's most wanted fugitives , has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in a series of fatal bombings in the 1980s , a French court said . The 62-year-old , whose real name is Ilich Ramirez Sanchez , was on trial for his role in the attacks on two trains , a train station and a newspaper office in France in 1982 and 1983 . The bombings killed 11 and injured more than 100 . He was sentenced late Thursday . The Venezuelan-born revolutionary has been serving another life sentence in France since 1997 , when he was convicted for the shooting deaths of two French secret agents and an informant in 1975 . Ramirez , who was a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine , first made headlines in 1975 when he led an attack on an Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ' meeting in Vienna that took at least 60 people hostage , including 11 oil ministers . He was nicknamed "  Carlos the Jackal " by the press , a reference to the principal character and assassin in Frederick Forsyth 's novel "  The Day of the Jackal . " After two decades on the run , Ramirez was captured in 1994 in Sudan and taken to Paris in a sack . The seven-judge terrorism panel ruled after the trial that began in November .	This is a second life sentence for "  Carlos the Jackal " His real name is Ilich Ramirez Sanchez The attacks took place in 1982 and 1983 and killed 11 people Ramirez was captured in 1994 in Sudan after two decades on the run
CNN  -- We hear that a lot of young people do n't care or worry about the economy and finances . But take it from a 23-year-old Wall Street Journal reporter : They do and should care . Kelly Evans , 23 , is an economics reporter for The Wall Street Journal . Kelly Evans started as an economics reporter at the paper as the economy started getting bad a year and a half ago . She has since seen the resilience of the people in her generation as they adapt to a changing job market . CNN 's Nicole Lapin talked to Evans about what young people should be doing to deal with the tough times . The following is an edited transcript of the interview : Nicole Lapin : What do you tell young people to make economic news relevant to them ? Watch the entire interview with Kelly Evans " Kelly Evans : We really , really do try to explain to people , past some of the language and the jargon , to say that economics is really about what 's happening : your job , your income , demographics , poverty rates , and what it looks like across the country . There are some terms that may seem unfamiliar , but I think if you sit down and read through our coverage , you 'll see that a lot of it makes sense . I feel very proud of the fact that over the last year , year and a half , a lot of the articles that I 've written and a lot of the articles that we 've written as an economics team have done a lot to point out the risks out there so that this did n't just come out of nowhere . Lapin : So what are some of the things that young people should really focus on ? Is it a 401  k  ? Is it savings ? Is it a combination of the two , perhaps ? Evans : Well , I think for most young people , the big thing right now is a career or a job path . Whether you 're in high school or you 're in college , you 're thinking , "  What am I going to do when I get out ? Do I want to be a doctor , or a lawyer ? " I think less people want to be in banking than did a few years ago , and so I 'm curious as a reporter what is perceived to be the golden ticket nowadays . Certainly health care , education are some of the more reliable places to go right now . So what I would say mostly is make sure you 're in a good financial position . Do whatever you can for yourself . But really make sure you 're investing in your education or skills , maybe the language skills in particular , that will be really important down the road . I think that ends up paying off in human capital . It 's really important . Lapin : What kind of tips do you give to youngsters who are about to get out of school ? Evans : I would encourage people who are looking at colleges to ignore the brand name and really go with what is going to be the best value to you .	Kelly Evans is an economics reporter for The Wall Street Journal She says in this economy , young people should focus on education , job path She strives to provide common-sense information about complicated economy When looking for college , Evans says , do n't focus on "  brand name "
BAYAMON , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama took their campaigns to the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico on Saturday in an effort to woo voters before the June 1 primary . There are 55 Democratic delegates up for grabs , though voters can not take part in the general election in November . Obama campaigned early Saturday at the University of Puerto Rico in Bayamon , where he praised the nation 's veterans before Memorial Day . "  It 's fitting to be here today , not just because Memorial Day is around the corner but because Puerto Ricans are such an important part of the United States military . On this island and in Puerto Rican neighborhoods across America , you can go into almost any home and find a veteran living there or a photograph of a loved one in uniform hanging on the wall , " he said . Obama also took aim at Republican Sen. John McCain over his opposition to an update of the GI Bill . The legislation passed the Senate on Thursday afternoon by a 75-22 vote and passed the House this month by a similar margin . It proposes to essentially provide a full scholarship to in-state public universities for members of the military who have served for at least three years . "  I do n't understand why John McCain would side with George Bush and oppose our plan to make college more affordable for our veterans . ... Putting a college degree within reach for our veterans is n't being too generous ; it 's the least we can do for our heroes , " Obama said . Shortly after Obama 's remarks , the McCain campaign hit back . "  Barack Obama talks about helping veterans , but when the choice came between delivering for our military men and women and playing partisan politics , he decided politics was more important , " McCain spokesman Brian Rogers said Saturday . Later Saturday , Obama marched along a street in San Juan , shaking hands with supporters as he walked in front of a banner that said "  Puerto Rico Con Obama . " This event was referred to as a "  caminata , " a traditional parade for a candidate . Obama remarked to the crowd , "  I will never forget the support and the friendship that I 've seen here in Puerto Rico . ... I am absolutely confident that if that we keep on working hard , there 's no reason why we ca n't win here in Puerto Rico , and if we win Puerto Rico , we will win the nomination . " Clinton hosted a "  Solutions for Puerto Rico 's Families " town hall meeting in Aguadilla on Saturday . The former first lady may not have understood the language during her first campaign stop in Puerto Rico , but she certainly understood the politics . Before a crowd of a few hundred Puerto Ricans in a muggy high school gym , Clinton pledged to make it a "  personal priority " to resolve the statehood issue before the end of her first term . She also vowed to clean up the former Navy testing ranges on Vieques , fund the famous Arecibo radio telescope , use federal dollars to put more cops on the streets and extend tax breaks to Puerto Rican companies . Clinton made each of those promises in English , abandoning a translator early on , despite the growing din among distracted audience members who could n't understand the full content of her stump speech . Still , enthusiastic supporters hoisted signs like "  Puertorriquenos con Hillary " and "  Hillary Presidenta " while chants of "  Hillary ! Hillary ! " filled the room . Despite in the language barrier , Clinton seemed to be on familiar ground . She recalled a visit she made to the island in 1998 on behalf of her husband to inspect damage from Hurricane Georges . She also reminded the audience that she represents more than one million Puerto Ricans in New York ; this week in Florida , she jokingly referred to herself as "  the senator from Puerto Rico . " Clinton has done well among Hispanic voters in this year 's primaries , and she is expected to have similar success in Puerto Rico . On Thursday , Clinton sent daughter Chelsea to campaign in Puerto Rico , a sign that she is refusing to give up the race despite the delegate math in favor of her rival . According to CNN 's latest estimate , Obama leads Clinton in total delegates , 1,969 to 1,779 . However , Obama does not have enough delegates to secure the nomination outright . He has 1,962 delegates , including superdelegates , short of the 2,026 needed to secure the nomination , according to CNN estimates . Obama was in Florida on Friday courting the Cuban vote , a bloc that has tended to vote Republican in past elections . With a 70 percent turnout rate , Cuban-Americans have been a powerful force in Florida and thus , because of Florida 's role as a swing state , national politics . He told Florida 's Cuban-American community Friday that his Cuba policy would be based on liberty and freedom for the island nation 's people . Watch more of Obama 's comments " "  My policy toward Cuba will be guided by one word : ` libertad , ' " he said , using the Spanish word for liberty at an event celebrating Cuban Independence Day in Miami , Florida . CNN 's Ed Hornick , Chris Welch , Peter Hamby and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton vows to resolve statehood issue at town hall meeting in Aguadilla Puerto Rico holds Democratic primary June 1 ; 55 delegates at stake Obama praises military veterans at the University of Puerto Rico Obama holds march in Bayamon
CARACAS , Venezuela  CNN  -- Latin American leaders assembled Monday to mark the 10th anniversary of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's rise to power , a period described by state-run television as "  a decade of successes . " Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , center , is flanked by Bolivia 's Evo Morales , right , and Nicaragua 's Daniel Ortega . Chavez and representatives of the leftist group Bolivarian Alternative for the Peoples of Our Americas , or ALBA , walked through the National Pantheon , a square on the edge of the old town of Caracas that holds the sarcophagus of Simon Bolivar , whom Chavez credits with inspiring him as "  the father of the revolution . " In 1819 , Bolivar founded Gran Colombia , a federation of what is now Venezuela , Colombia , Panama and Ecuador . In attendance were presidents Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua , Jose Manuel Zelaya of Honduras and Evo Morales of Bolivia ; Roosevelt Skerrit , prime minister of Dominica ; and Cuba 's first vice president , Jose Ramon Machado Ventura . Absent was Chavez 's friend and mentor , former Cuban President Fidel Castro , who has been sick . But that did n't stop Chavez from addressing him . "  Fidel , from here I salute you , " he said . "  Revolutionary father , from here we , your sons and daughters , salute you ! " Chavez and his allies founded ALBA several years ago as a response to U.S. influence in Latin America . Chavez had a rocky relationship with former President George W. Bush , whom he once called "  the devil . " Dressed in a dark suit and red tie , Chavez stopped frequently to embrace and kiss children , some of whom chanted , "  Chavez ! Chavez ! Chavez ! " As he held Bolivar 's jewel-encrusted sword in his white-gloved hand , Chavez reaffirmed his commitment to the leftist path that has guided him : "  There is no other path to redemption for the human being than socialism , " he said . With the day declared a national holiday , hundreds of people jammed the square to survey the pageantry . The leaders were to discuss the world economic crisis . Venezuela has been hit particularly hard by the recent drop in oil prices : Oil revenue accounts for about 90 percent of its export earnings , about half of federal budget revenue and some 30 percent of gross domestic product , according to the CIA Factbook . Chavez was elected president in 1998 , six years after a failed coup attempt to depose then-President Carlos Andres Perez . Chavez was sworn in on February 2 , 1999 . He was re-elected in a special election in July 2000 after a new constitution was adopted and again in 2006 . The new constitution limits him to two consecutive six-year terms , but the Venezuelan congress recently set a referendum for February 15 that would allow Chavez to run for a third term in 2012 . Venezuelans narrowly rejected a similar measure in a December 2007 referendum . Chavez has been campaigning hard in favor of the referendum , which he called for in November , a week after candidates he backed won a majority of seats in local elections seen as a test of his influence . Skerrit brushed aside the possibility that Chavez might lose . "  I want to say to you , my friends in Venezuela , that we will be back to celebrate the 20th , the 30th , the 40th and the 50th anniversary of President Chavez in office , " he told Chavez supporters who braved a steady downpour to hear him . "  Chavez forever ! " The opposition on Monday denounced Chavez 's effort to amend the constitution to get rid of term limits and criticized the declaration of February 2 as a national holiday that resulted in most stores being shut . "  Even today , as we are in this news conference , the national guard is on the streets asking who has opened their stores in order to make enough to carry food to their house , demanding and ordering their closure because today is a holiday , because we have 10 years of bad governance , " said Tomas Guanipa , director of the opposition party First Justice . But Morales , Bolivia 's first indigenous president , credited Chavez with helping the country . "  These revolutions do n't go backward , " he said . "  We can make mistakes , I can make mistakes , but the people do n't make mistakes . "	Latin American leaders visit Caracas , Venezuela , for celebration Socialism only "  path to redemption , " Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says Chavez trying to get constitutional change to allow him a third term
CNN  -- In trendy neighborhoods of Tokyo customers are lining up for vitamin injections that promise to improve health and beauty . These intravenous vitamin "  drips " are part of the latest quick-fix , health fad catching on in Japan : the IV cafe . Each drip pack contains saline solution and specific vitamins and minerals to target a particular health ailment or beauty concern . "  I used to take vitamin supplements , but changed to the IV drip because I feel the effects more quickly , " a 20-something woman at the Tenteki 10 Café told CNN . She said she receives specific injections to get better skin , burn fat and boost her energy . There are 10 different varieties to choose from at Tenteki . The "  orange " variety touts anti-aging properties , loaded with antioxidants . The "  placenta pack " is said to help rejuvenate and ease muscle stiffness . Prices range from $ 20 to $ 30 per injection , and nurses see about 30 to 40 people each day . Their most common patients are Japanese businessmen who work in the same office building . "  I see a lot of businessmen who say they do n't have time to sleep . They ca n't take a break from working and get the vitamin drip for an extra kick of energy , " a Tenteki nurse told CNN . "  Blue " is the most requested vitamin pack among these men : a concoction of B1 and vitamin E that claims to offer relief from exhaustion . Registered nurses and doctors administer the drips at Tenteki , but there 's no conclusive medical evidence to back up the health claims . Many nutritionists actually caution against using injectable vitamin supplements because the quantities are not regulated . "  More is not necessarily better ... some vitamins and minerals can be toxic in high doses , " particularly the fat-soluble ones which the body stores like Vitamins A , D , E and K , explained Claire Williamson , Nutrition Scientist at the British Nutrition Foundation . In Europe and the United States vitamin shots are popular among celebrities with hectic lifestyles and little time to sleep , particularly vitamin B 12 . Former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell and singer Robbie Williams have both confirmed they 've used the shots as part of their diets to maintain stamina during tours . Dermatological injections of Vitamin C are also popular among women hoping to keep their skin looking young . Former supermodel Cindy Crawford has admitted using such injections to keep her skin firm and wrinkle-free . According to Williamson , it does not matter if supplements are injected into the vein or into the skin . "  At the end of the day it will go into the blood stream , " she said . Most of these nutrients we can get sufficient from foods , nutrients tend to be better absorbed by the body if they are consumed in foods . "	Intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in Japan Vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns Nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements Vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue
CNN  -- A Texas woman tearfully recounted the death of her foster child at the hands of a schoolteacher during a congressional hearing Tuesday looking into the use of seclusion and restraints in U.S. schools . The House Committee on Education and Labor heard testimony Tuesday on a report looking at school abuse . The hearing came on the heels of a report issued by the investigating arm of Congress that documents widespread abuse of techniques use to restrain or discipline special-education students . The Government Accountability Office report was prepared for the House Committee on Education and Labor , which heard testimony from parents , investigators and experts who described traumatizing punishment of special-needs children . The violent acts -- from hours of isolation in locked rooms or closets to the use of handcuffs and pinning children on the floor -- often led to serious injuries and even death , witnesses said . Committee Chairman Rep. George Miller , D-California , called the testimony "  startling . " "  This is just unacceptable , " he said . "  This punishment is way out of bounds of what I believe are the social norms of this society . " Toni Price of Killeen , Texas , told committee members that her 14-year-old foster child , Cedric , died in March 2002 when his eighth-grade teacher 's disciplinary actions went too far . His death was one of the cases investigated by the GAO -- and the teacher , who is now working in a Virginia high school , has been placed on leave as a result of the congressional investigation . Price said Cedric was experiencing behavioral problems in school and on that particular day he stopped working at 11 a.m. His teacher withheld his lunch . Around 2:30 , still without having eaten , Cedric tried to leave the classroom . Her voice shaking and tears welling in her eyes , Price said the teacher , whom she described as over 6 feet tall and weighing 230 pounds , forced the boy in a chair and restrained him . Price said Cedric , a small boy , struggled , so the teacher put him face down and sat on him . "  I ca n't breathe , " he said . "  If you can speak , you can breathe , " the teacher said , according to Price 's testimony . Shortly after that , Cedric stopped struggling , and then stopped moving altogether . The teacher continued to restrain him as an aide wiped drool off his face , Price said . They then sat him up in the chair but Cedric slumped over and slid off , Price said . He was dead before Price could get to the school . "  If I treated Cedric that way at home , I 'd be in jail , " Price told lawmakers . Cedric 's death was ruled a homicide , Price said , but the teacher never faced trial . She was placed on a Texas registry of individuals found to have abused children but , despite the listing , she now teaches at a public high school in Virginia , Price told the committee . Tuesday morning , the American Association of School Administrators told the committee that the teacher involved in Price 's death had been placed on administrative leave pending an investigation . The school system acted after the GAO referred its findings to the state school board , the organization reported . Price questioned why the crimes of pedophiles are public but teachers who torture children are free to continue working without disclosure of their past actions . Government auditors examined hundreds of allegations of abuse , the GAO report said . In 20 of those cases , it said , children died after being put in restraints . In four of those , the restraints were found to have resulted in the children suffocating . GAO investigator Greg Kutz told the House committee Tuesday that he lacked data to quantify the problem , but in the 2008 school year , investigators discovered 33,000 instances of seclusion , restraints or other punishments in Texas and California alone . Despite the problem , Kutz said , no federal regulations exist on the treatment of the more than 6 million children classified as having "  special needs , " conditions including autism and Down syndrome . At the state level , the laws are widely divergent -- 19 states have no laws at all . Auditors found that eight states prohibit prone restraints or other techniques that hinder breathing , and 17 require teachers or staff to be trained in proper techniques before using them . Only six keep records of how frequently those techniques are used , and reports are required by law in only two of those states -- California and Connecticut . The GAO investigation found that teachers and school staff frequently lack training in correct restraint methods , and in some cases , where improper restraints led to injuries , teachers often kept their jobs . In 13 states , parents have to agree before teachers can restrain children in non-emergency situations , while 19 require teachers to notify parents after the fact . Parents contacted by CNN commonly said they were not told their children were being disciplined until after they began to behave badly at home , which to them indicated trouble at school . When confronted with complaints , school systems sometimes sought to minimize or deny the allegations , even after public investigations found the charges to be true , according to parents and the GAO report . Miller 's committee is considering new laws governing what actions teachers can take to rein in disruptive special-needs students . Abbie Boudreau and Steve Turnham of the CNN Special Investigations Unit contributed to this report	New GAO report shows abuse of techniques used to restrain special-ed kids House Education and Labor Committee hears testimony from parents , investigators Chairman Miller , D-California , called the testimony "  startling " Government auditors examined hundreds of allegations of abuse
CNN  -- Beyonce is n't just one of the world 's most influential people . She 's also the world 's most powerful celebrity , according to Forbes magazine . The publication has released its annual Celebrity 100 list and has named Queen Bey to the top spot . When you consider the year she 's had , there 's little reason to wonder why . After giving what many viewed as a virtually flawless performance at the 2013 Super Bowl Halftime Show , Beyonce has n't paused , embarking on a grand global tour while also readying the release of her self-titled visual album , "  Beyonce . " When that disc arrived to fans ' pleasant surprise in December 2013 , the singer notched her fifth No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart , and sparked a platinum hit with the lead single , "  Drunk in Love . "  Monica Lewinsky referenced the record when talking about her past with former President Bill Clinton . And yet , as Forbes notes , Beyonce 's empire is n't limited to the music business . While she 's setting out on joint tours with her husband -- they 're currently crossing the country with their "  On the Run " trek -- Beyonce 's also managing her clothing company , line of perfumes , and collaborations with brands like Pepsi and H&M . All told , Forbes estimates that Beyonce earned roughly $ 115 million between June 2013 and June 2014 . By comparison , her husband made an estimated $ 60 million , enough to put him in sixth place behind Oprah Winfrey  No. 4 at $ 82 million  and Ellen DeGeneres  No. 5 , at $ 70 million  . So who 's the person standing directly in Beyonce 's shadow ? That would be basketball star LeBron James , who arrived at No. 2 on Forbes ' Celebrity 100 list , having made an estimated $ 72 million as of June 2014 .	Forbes magazine names Beyonce the world 's most powerful celebrity She made an estimated $ 115 million in the past year Her husband Jay Z placed sixth on Forbes list
Financial Times  -- Bollywood films are known for their upbeat finales , but the industry behind them also has plenty to celebrate . India 's Hindi-language film business marks its centenary this month , while a new feature toasting the nation 's cinematic heritage , Bombay Talkies , premiered at the Cannes Film Festival last week . Indian filmmakers are in fine financial fettle too , as a boom in multiplex screens brings record audiences in to see their song-and-dance spectaculars , making last year the sector 's most successful ever by sales . But a management revolution is brewing in a business that dates its birth to the first screening of a silent film in Bombay in May 1913 , and one brought about by the arrival of some of the biggest names in the global entertainment business . US-based studios such as Disney , Viacom and Fox are attempting to win a larger share of the Indian film market , which is both the world 's most productive and most popular , churning out more than 1,000 films annually and selling more than 3bn tickets last year . Money is one motivation : Indian film revenues are projected to increase by more than half to $ 3.6 bn over the next four years , according to consultants KPMG , helping the country surpass Britain as the world 's fifth-largest film market by sales . Openness to outsiders is equally as important , however , especially to international participants seeking growth across the developing world . "  Which of the large emerging film markets is as free of regulation as India ? Here there are no restrictions . Anyone can come and make what they want , " says Ronnie Screwvala , the head of Disney UTV , India 's largest film producer by revenue . "  The only other potentially really large market , China , is full of limits on how many films foreign groups can make and distribute . " Disney is the most prominent of the new foreign arrivals , following its acquisition last year of UTV , a large Indian film and television group , in a deal worth $ 454m . Viacom may follow suit as industry observers expect the US conglomerate to buy out the remainder of its 50-50 joint venture with Network 18 , an Indian media company . Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp is increasingly prominent , with its Fox Star Studios division building on the success of the company 's larger and more established Star India cable television business . Hollywood 's biggest names have nonetheless had to grapple with an unusual challenge as they attempt to crack the Indian market , says Jehil Thakkar , head of media entertainment at KPMG in Mumbai , namely the unusual reluctance of local film-goers to warm to their main product . India has proved almost uniquely resistant to imported English-language films , with foreign efforts taking only 9 per cent of the country 's box office last year compared to about half of the market in China . Consequently only a few dozen English-language films are released each year , as India 's public show a clear preference for films in Hindi , alongside those produced in more than a dozen other local languages . In response , the foreign participants have adopted an unusual approach : setting themselves up as domestic film studios , which attempt to beat Bollywood at its own game by producing Indian-language films , overseen with minimal interference from their parent groups in California . "  In nearly every other world market , the Hollywood studios have basically established local distribution offices to push their own American movies , " KPMG 's Mr Thakkar says . "  But India is the only place where they have been forced to go local with a vengeance . " These hybrid international businesses have proved commercially successful so far , says Vikram Malhotra , chief operating officer of Viacom18 , while introducing a shake-up on the financial side of an industry that until recently was dominated by small , family-controlled production houses . Alongside two domestic studios -- the film arm of industrialist Anil Ambani 's Reliance empire and Eros International , a film producer traded on Aim , London 's junior stock market -- the big US studios account for the majority of funding for Indian films too . "  In a very short span of time , the financing architecture of the industry has changed completely , " says Mr Malhotra , who estimates that roughly three-quarters of film funding in India is controlled by larger corporate groups , up from about a tenth only 10 years ago . Such companies still face challenges as they aim for future growth . Domestic ticket prices remain among the world 's lowest , for instance , while India , despite the opening of new multiplex cinemas , still has far fewer screens per capita than most other big markets . This limits profitability . Even hit Bollywood films rarely earn more than Rs1bn  $ 18.5 m  , a fraction of their Hollywood equivalent . The industry is also yet to crack the global export market : its products are popular with India 's sizeable diaspora , but there is little sign of a long-hoped-for "  crossover " Bollywood hit capable of winning over a wider international audience . Nonetheless , the scale of the change brought by the arrival of international groups is clear . "  For 95 out of the 100 years of Bollywood there were no corporations at all . It was one big family business , based on handshakes and hugs , often with quite dubious sources of finance , " says the head of one large Indian entertainment group , speaking on condition of anonymity . "  Now you have professionals running the businesses , and professional sources of finance too . It has upended the entire power structure of this industry , and for the better . " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Bollywood celebrates its centenary this month US studios are vying for a share of the Indian film market Film revenues in India projected to reach $ 3.6 bn over next four years
CNN  -- Hall of Fame former NBA coach John "  Dr. Jack " Ramsay , who became a basketball TV analyst years after winning a league championship with the Portland Trail Blazers , has died at age 89 , his longtime employer ESPN said Monday on Twitter . The cause of death was n't immediately announced . Ramsay had battled various types of cancer for more than a decade . The Philadelphia native made his mark in the collegiate and professional coaching ranks , taking St. Joseph 's College to 10 postseason appearances in the 1950s and 1960s before becoming general manager of the Philadelphia 76ers , winning an NBA title in 1967 . He later coached the 76ers , Buffalo Braves , Portland Trail Blazers and Indiana Pacers , earning a 864-783 record from 1968 to 1988 . His Trail Blazers won the NBA title in 1977 , fueled by center Bill Walton , who was named the NBA Finals ' Most Valuable Player . It is the Trail Blazers ' only NBA championship . Ramsay turned to television after leaving the Pacers , analyzing games for the Miami Heat , ESPN Radio and other ESPN platforms . He was inducted in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992 . He was known as "  Dr. Jack " for his doctorate in education , which he earned at the University of Pennsylvania in the 1960s . When the NBA celebrated its 50th anniversary during the 1996-1997 season , NBA reporters voted Ramsay to a list of top 10 coaches in NBA history . CNN 's Jillian Martin and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	John "  Dr. Jack " Ramsay led Portland Trail Blazers to their only NBA title in 1977 Ramsay also won an NBA title as 76ers ' general manager in 1967 Ramsay , inducted in Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992 , had 864-783 NBA coaching record
CNN  -- Two American pilots involved in a plane collision over the Brazilian Amazon that resulted in the deaths of 154 people were sentenced to community service , a Brazilian judge ruled . Judge Murilo Mendes originally sentenced Joseph Lepore and Jan Paul Paladino to four years and four days in prison , but then Monday commuted the sentence to community service to be carried out in the United States . They will also not be allowed to fly for four years and four days . The sentence stems from a September 2006 incident where , according to court records , the Legacy 600 jet the two were piloting made contact with a Gol Airlines Boeing 737 . The smaller jet made an emergency landing and all were safe , but all 154 passengers and crew aboard the large commercial jet were killed . The 86-page document accuses both American pilots of being "  imprudent " and inexperienced in piloting the two-engine plane . Brazilian officials say that the pilots turned off the Legacy 's transponder , something that the pilots flatly denied during a videoconference . The case caused controversy between the United States and Brazil when local officials confiscated the pilots ' passports . It was unknown whether lawyers for the two pilots would file an appeal . CNN 's Helene de Moura and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	The two pilots were involved in a fatal plane crash in 2006 All 154 passengers and crew of a Boeing 737 were killed The small plane they were piloting survived Authorities say the two pilots were inexperienced
CNN  -- Through sweat , toil and sacrifice , you built your business into a success . Things are looking good . But suddenly , a horrific terrorist group emerges that calls itself the same name as your company . Do you : A  Change the name of your business ? B  Sue the terrorist group for trademark infringement ? C  Keep your name and hope customers do n't get spooked ? Businesses across the United States are facing this very dilemma because the word "  ISIS " is part of their corporate name or product . According to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , more than 270 products or business names among active federal trademarks use "  ISIS . " They range from pharmaceutical companies to wig makers to phone apps . OK , so nobody is going for option "  B. " The most common reaction from business owners is option "  A , " dropping the ISIS reference . The latest and most visible example is from the hit FX cartoon series , "  Archer . " Over the weekend , the show 's creator , Adam Reed , announced that the series would no longer use "  ISIS " as the acronym for the spy agency "  International Secret Intelligence Service , " which employs the show 's main characters . Reed , who plans to come up with a story line to justify the name change for next season , commented that ISIS is "  the most awful thing and we did n't want to have anything to do with it . " FX has even decided to stop selling ISIS hats and shirts . Of course , you can still get them on eBay . Just a few months ago , the mobile payment service known as "  Isis Wallet , " a joint venture with AT&T , T-Mobile and Verizon , changed its name to "  Softcard " in order "  to avoid confusion and association with a violent Islamic militant group . " Small businesses are also being affected . In Queens , New York , the owner of the "  ISIS Hookah CafÃ © " told the Daily News that he wants to change his name but ca n't afford the costs -- a new sign , documents and all . This is not just an American problem . Last week the owners of "  CafÃ © ISIS " in the United Kingdom felt compelled to change their restaurant 's name . But , OK , can we all take a breath here ? Both business owners and consumers . Who actually looks at the name of a business with the word ISIS in it and thinks : "  Wow , that terrorist group from the Middle East now opened up a cafe in the neighborhood ! " Or believes that a new app that helps you pay your bills is part of a terrorist group 's dastardly plan ? And , yes , I know ISIS is a heinous organization . So understandably , the word ISIS causes a negative visceral reaction . But we need to let fear give way to intellect and not punish American business owners . Think of the Egyptian goddess Isis -- or the Bob Dylan song from the "  Desire " album . Or the 1970s children 's TV show the "  Shazam ! - Isis Hour . " The word Isis should conjure up mythology , not mayhem . Perhaps an easy answer is for the media to universally start using the name ISIL instead of ISIS .  My apologies to any "  ISIL CafÃ © " owners out there .  That would be accurate because ISIL stands for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant . Plus President Obama and many media outlets already use ISIL , including Reuters and the Associated Press . But what I really hope happens is that more businesses follow the lead of the California company , ISIS Pharmaceuticals , which is keeping its name . As a spokesman for the drug company told The Daily Mail : "  We 've been around for awhile . " People "  can easily distinguish between us and a Middle Eastern terrorist group . " So my advice is , if your company or product is called ISIS , keep the name . Why allow a terrorist group to tell you what you can call your business ?	Dean Obeidallah : 270 products or businesses use "  ISIS " in their names He asks : Do you change the name because it 's tainted or hope customers do n't care ? Obeidallah : Many business owners are dropping the reference , but why ? He says terrorists should n't determine a company name , and people are n't that dumb
CNN  -- With the Supreme Court set to hear oral arguments about the constitutionality of the President Obama 's health care law , more patients than ever have been asking for my thoughts about health reform . I practice primary care in southern New Hampshire near the Massachusetts border , which gives me a firsthand look at how health reform has impacted my neighboring state . Despite flaws with the Massachusetts approach , and the president 's Affordable Care Act which is modeled after it , I believe that health care reform needs to move forward . Read a transcript of Monday 's court arguments Over the years , I have encountered too many cases of patients who are inadequately served by our current health care model . Some of their stories are heartbreaking , others are deeply worrisome . Some time ago , I had one middle-aged patient with diabetes , whom I 'll call Mark , requiring high doses of insulin to control his blood sugar . He faithfully saw me every three months , where I made careful insulin adjustments so his sugars would n't go too high or low . But all of a sudden , he stopped coming . I did n't hear from him until a year later , when I received a call from the emergency department telling me Mark was found in a coma because of a critically high sugar level . Thankfully , he survived his hospital stay , and when he came for a visit afterward he explained how he had lost his job , and thus , his health insurance . He could n't afford to see me or buy his medication . According to the 2010 Commonwealth Fund survey , 72 % of jobless Americans said they could n't afford to fill a prescription or obtain needed medical tests . Worse , 40 % said that medical bills forced them into difficult financial decisions , such as depleting their savings , or being unable to pay for necessities like food , heat or rent . These are choices patients should never be forced to make . But it 's not only patients without insurance who suffer . Others are in a situation like another patient of mine , whom I 'll call Linda . She recently told me that her sister was diagnosed with colon cancer , a disease with a strong genetic component . I recommended that Linda have a colonoscopy . Unfortunately , her health insurance plan had a deductible in the thousands of dollars , making a colonoscopy prohibitively expensive . Last year , a study from the RAND Corporation , a nonprofit , nonpartisan research organization , found that families enrolled in high-deductible plans like Linda 's cut back on health care that was clearly beneficial , like cervical cancer , breast cancer and colon cancer screening . According to the study , "  these cutbacks could cause a spike in health care costs down the road if people end up sicker and need more intensive treatment . " The Affordable Care Act would help patients like Mark , by providing him a way to obtain affordable health insurance regardless of his job status . Beginning in 2014 , health reform would expand the eligibility of Medicaid and provide federal tax credits to help buy private insurance . On average , 17 % of the nonelderly population nationwide would be helped , with numbers as high as 36 to 40 % in parts of Florida , New Mexico , Texas , Louisiana and California . And for patients like Linda , health reform would prohibit cost sharing for many preventive screening tests , including colonoscopies . My support of the Affordable Care Act is tempered , however , by a serious flaw : Its benefits can not be fully realized without a strong primary care foundation . In the United States , the number of specialists to primary care doctors is about 70-30 , a ratio that 's reversed in the rest of the world . That primary care deficit is a far bigger threat to health reform than if the Supreme Court were to rule President Obama 's law unconstitutional . Having health insurance does n't necessarily mean that you 'll be able to see a doctor . In Massachusetts , more than 95 % of residents have health insurance , the highest in the country . However , a 2011 Massachusetts Medical Society survey found that more than half of primary care doctors were not accepting new patients , while the average wait time for an appointment exceeded one month . When you consider that health coverage will expand to 32 million Americans in 2014 , whether our strained primary care system can handle that burden is a serious question . An inability to see a primary care provider will force patients to already crowded emergency departments , where health care is often the most expensive . The Affordable Care Act does n't do nearly enough to make primary care enticing , despite the anticipated shortfall of primary care providers approaching 30,000 by 2015 . Medical students , concerned by their average school debt approaching $ 160,000 , often eschew primary care in favor higher paying specialties . And the bureaucratic burdens of primary care , including paperwork and spending time on the telephone refuting insurance company denials , are overwhelming . According to an Annals of Internal Medicine study , 30 % of primary care doctors considered leaving the field entirely , citing burnout , time pressures and administrative hassles . These concerns , however , should n't stall health reform . Instead , they need to be addressed as the Affordable Care Act is modified and improved on in the coming years . Far too many patients can no longer afford to obtain basic care . It 's their stories that have made me realize we desperately need to fix our broken health care system , and accept health reform despite its shortcomings . We can not let the pursuit of perfection become the enemy of doing the right thing . Patients like Mark and Linda need help now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Pho .	Supreme Court will hear arguments about the constitutionality of the health care law Kevin Pho : Despite flaws , we should go forward with the Affordable Care Act He says current health care system does not adequately address needs of patients Pho : health reform is necessary , but we also need a strong primary care foundation
CNN  -- A 1-year-old suffering from a deteriorating neurological condition whose family had been in an ongoing debate with a Canadian hospital about his care has been transferred to a children 's hospital in the United States . Joseph Maraachli , widely known in the media as Baby Joseph , was airlifted on Sunday evening to SSM Cardinal Glennon Children 's Medical Center , a Catholic hospital in St. Louis , where he is being examined by Dr. Robert Wilmott , the hospital 's chief of pediatrics , hospital spokesman Bob Davidson said . A team of physicians will formulate a treatment plan and provide an update on what 's next for the child in a news conference Tuesday morning , Davidson said . Baby Joseph , who was born in January 2010 , had been in the care of the London Health Sciences Centre in London , Ontario , since October . His doctor , in court papers , said that "  all cranial nerve functions are now absent " and there is no hope for recovery . He recommended that the infant 's breathing tube be removed and he be allowed to die . The child 's parents , Moe and Sana Maraachli , sought instead to have their son receive a tracheotomy combined with continued mechanical ventilation so that he could be transferred home , where he would be cared for by his family . The child 's Aunt , Samar Nadar , has said that in 2002 the Maraachli 's daughter died at home with a tracheotomy after suffering a similar condition . In January a Canadian Superior Court judge ruled in favor of the hospital , saying it could remove the child 's breathing tube without a replacement , along with a do-not-resuscitate order and recommendations on palliative care . The Maraachlis then been fighting to have their son relocated to a U.S hospital for a second opinion . The London hospital said it would not perform a tracheotomy because it is an invasive procedure typically recommended for patients who require a long-term breathing machine . In a statement on the hospital 's website , it says Baby Joseph 's transfer on Sunday happened "  despite the strongest possible medical advice to the contrary from medical experts . " The Maraachli case gained the attention of pro-life groups including Priests for Life and the Terri Schiavo Life and Hope Network , who organized prayer vigils and rallies in support of the family . The situation intensified in February when the hospital began receiving threats and increased security to protect its staff . Father Frank Pavone , national director of Priests for Life , flew to Ontario Sunday night to help with the transfer . He issued a news release saying : "  After around-the-clock negotiations , this really became a race against time . " Joseph "  needs to be in a hospital that cherishes life over the bottom line , " he said .	The child has a deteriorating neurological condition His Canadian doctor and his parents disagreed on his treatment The case attracted the attention of pro-life groups
London  CNN  Mohammed Emwazi , the British-Kuwaiti ISIS fighter the world knows as "  Jihadi John , " was fuming with righteous indignation when he met with a representative of Cage Prisoners -- a Muslim advocacy group now known as CAGE -- shortly after being deported from Tanzania in August 2009 . In a meeting recorded by the advocacy group , he claimed his plans for a safari vacation were ruined when he was detained at the airport and sent back first to Amsterdam and then to Dover , England , where he was subjected to several interrogations by British security officials . He said they accused him of traveling to Tanzania so he could link up with the terrorist group Al-Shabaab in neighboring Somalia and revealed they had been listening in on his phone conversations even before he made the trip . Emwazi said that during the questioning he denied any connection to extremism and stated that innocent people had been killed in the 2005 London transport system terrorist attacks and that the 9/11 terror attacks in the United States were wrong . Father : No proof my son is ` Jihadi John ' But more than a dozen British administrative court documents obtained by CNN paint a very different picture of Emwazi and explain why he was on British security services ' radar before he made the trip . The documents reveal British security services believed Emwazi was part of a radical West London recruitment network for terrorist groups in East Africa . Last week , two U.S. officials and two U.S. congressional sources confirmed to CNN that "  Jihadi John " is Mohammed Emwazi , a Kuwaiti-born Londoner . One figure in the group -- a 30-year-old British-Iranian identified only as "  CE " who was allegedly trained by al Qaeda terrorists in Somalia in 2006 -- was later placed under a "  control order , " a British administrative measure to restrict the freedom of movement of terror suspects . A December 2011 court document pertaining to CE 's case named Emwazi as part of his extremist network . According to the document , British Home Secretary Theresa May "  maintained she has reasonable grounds for suspicion that since his return to the United Kingdom in February 2007 , CE has continued to associate regularly with members of a network of United Kingdom and East African-based Islamist extremists which is involved in the provision of funds and equipment to Somalia for terrorism-related purposes and the facilitation of individuals ' travel from the United Kingdom to Somalia to undertake terrorism-related activity . The Secretary of State maintains that members of the network include BX , J1 , Mohammed Ezzouek , Hamza Chentouf , Mohammed Emwazi , Mohammed Mekki , Mohammed Miah , Ahmed Hagi , Amin Addala , Aydarus Elmi , Sammy Al-Nagheeb , Bilal Berjawi and others . " Some of these men are now dead . Others are wanted . CE told British officials that Mekki and Emwazi often stopped by his wife 's apartment . Several of the visits were in early 2011 , according to the document . Many of the young men in this network grew up within a few blocks of Emwazi in West London . According to the court documents , security services believe five members of the group -- CE , Berjawi , BX , Ezzouek , Miah and Chentouf -- attended an al Qaeda training camp in Somalia in 2006 in which they may have been instructed in the use of explosives . The camp was run by two veteran al Qaeda operatives , Saleh Nabhan and Fazul Mohammed , who instructed the British group to return to the United Kingdom "  to carry out facilitation activities and to recruit individuals to work on behalf of al Qaeda and/or Al-Shabaab , " according to the British government . Nabhan and Fazul Mohammed were the most-wanted al Qaeda operatives in Africa and , according to a 2009 U.S. State Department cable , their training camps offered far more advanced instruction than that offered by Al-Shabaab . Nabhan , a Kenyan operative , was suspected of playing a key operational role in the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi , Kenya , in 1998 , as well as a bomb attack on a resort in Mombasa in 2002 , and on the same day , a failed missile attack on an Israeli airliner taking off from Mombasa 's airport . Fazul Mohammed , who was born on the Comoros Islands , was also suspected of playing a key role in the bombings of U.S. embassies in East Africa in 1998 . He wrote in a 2009 memoir that Western recruits should be provided with training rather than instantly dispatched as suicide bombers within Somalia "  to build sleeping cells around the world . " Nabhan was killed in a U.S. Navy SEAL raid in September 2009 and Fazul Mohammed was killed in an ambush in Mogadishu in June 2011 . Authorities recovered a document on a thumb drive found on his body -- probably authored by a British recruit -- proposing an attack on targets including Eton College and the five-star Dorchester and Ritz hotels in the United Kingdom , similar to the 2008 Mumbai , India , attacks that killed more than 160 people . The author proposed two months ' training in Somalia for British and Western recruits selected for the attack , including target reconnaissance , hostage-taking , weapons and counter-surveillance . According to the court documents , at least one member of Emwazi 's circle -- J1 , a 36-year-old Ethiopian asylum seeker to the United Kingdom -- had links to the al Qaeda cell that attempted to bomb the London transport system on July 21 , 2005 , two weeks after bomb blasts on London Underground trains and buses killed 52 people and wounded 770 . According to the British government , J1 , a Christian convert to Islam known in Islamist circles as Abdul Shakur , contacted bomber Hussain Osman by phone on the morning of the July 21 attempted attack . In October 2009 , two months after Emwazi 's alleged aborted attempt to wage jihad possibly in Somalia , three members of his west London network -- Bilal Berjawi , Mohammed Sakr and Walla Eldin Rahman -- traveled to join the terrorist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia , according to the documents . British security officials estimate that a total of more than 100 British extremists traveled to join the group , according to published reports . The Lebanese-born Berjawi , from St. John 's Wood in West London , swiftly rose to a senior position in Al-Shabaab and likely continued to work closely with the senior al Qaeda operative Fazul Mohammed , according to a profile by Raffaello Pantucci , the director of international security studies at the Royal United Services Institute . According to the UK court documents , Berjawi remained in contact with the radical network he and Emwazi belonged to in the United Kingdom while in Somalia . Berjawi and Sakr were killed in U.S. drone strikes in early 2012 . It is possible one of them authored the blueprint for attacks on luxury London hotels found on Fazul Mohammed 's body in Mogadishu the previous year . By 2013 , Emwazi 's West London radical network had a new cause célèbre : the jihad against the Assad regime in Syria . Drone strikes and infighting in Al-Shabaab had made life increasingly difficult for foreign fighters in Somalia . Two members of Emwazi 's network managed to leave Britain despite being under "  terrorism prevention and investigation measures "  TPIMs  , which means the monitoring of terror suspects who ca n't be charged . Their current whereabouts are unknown , but one possibility is that they traveled to Syria . TPIMs were introduced by the British coalition government in 2012 to replace the previous control order system . According to Robin Simcox , a research fellow at the Henry Jackson Society who has conducted extensive research on control orders , the new system removed authorities ' power to relocate terror suspects , making it easier for them to re-engage with their radical networks . Both of Emwazi 's associates moved back to London and then fled the country . Ibrahim Magag -- a British-Somali man previously identified as "  BX " under the control order regime -- fled in December 2012 after using scissors to cut through the strap of his GPS location monitoring device . British authorities believe he hailed a London taxi , and disappeared . He had previously attended the training camp run by the senior al Qaeda operatives Nabhan and Fazul Mohammed in Somalia in 2006 and was involved in fund-raising for al Qaeda in East Africa , according to the court documents . In 2010 , prior to the introduction of TPIMs , a British judge had ruled he was "  too dangerous to allow him to be in London for even a short period . " Nevertheless , the British secretary of state wrote in court documents that "  Magag is not considered to represent a direct threat to the British public . The TPIMs notice in this case was intended primarily to prevent fund-raising and overseas travel . " His whereabouts today ? Unknown . Mohammed Mohamed -- a Somali-born radical previously identified as "  CC " -- went on the run in November 2013 after entering a west London mosque and removing his GPS monitoring device . Security cameras captured him leaving the mosque , disguised as a woman wearing a burqa . In 2008 , Mohamed had traveled to Somalia , where Al-Shabaab provided him terrorist training . He was detained in Somaliland in 2011 and deported to the UK . According to the court documents , he was involved in facilitating travel for others to Somalia and fund-raising for Al-Shabaab , and was planning attacks potentially against Western interests in Somaliland before his arrest . He remains wanted by British security . It 's unknown if Magag or Mohamed rekindled their ties with Emwazi in London before leaving the country . In 2013 , Emwazi himself traveled to Syria , joined ISIS , and began guarding Western hostages . In August 2014 he was dubbed "  Jihadi John " -- the menacing , taunting , hooded face of ISIS -- when he orchestrated the brutal beheading of American journalist James Foley , the first of many victims murdered on camera .	The man now known as "  Jihadi John " was on Britain 's terror radar for several years Court documents claim he was a member of a terror recruitment network in London The papers spell out his connections to other known terrorists in Somalia
CNN  -- What really motivates us ? And what motivational techniques lead us to work smarter and live better ? Those are questions that behavioral scientists around the world have been exploring for the past half-century . Their answers might surprise you . In laboratory experiments and field studies , a band of psychologists , sociologists and economists have found that many carrot-and-stick motivators -- the elements around which we build most of our businesses and many of our schools -- can be effective , but that they work in only a surprisingly narrow band of circumstances . For enduring motivation , the science shows , a different approach is more effective . This approach draws not on our biological drive or our reward-and-punishment drive , but on what we might think of as our third drive : Our innate need to direct our own lives , to learn and create new things , and to do better by ourselves and our world . In particular , high performance -- especially for the complex , conceptual tasks we 're increasingly doing on thejob -- depends far more on intrinsic motivators than on extrinsic ones . Read more about Daniel Pink 's talk at TEDGlobal2009 With these conclusions in mind , here are a few ways to tap your third drive and enlist the science of motivation at work , with your children and in your personal life . WORK : Try a FedEx Day The Australian software company Atlassian has an ingenious method for stoking innovation . Once a quarter , on a Thursday afternoon , they allow their developers to work on anything they want , any way they want and with whomever they want . The only requirement is that people have to show what they 've created to the rest of the company at a fun and spirited meeting 24 hours later . Atlassian calls these sessions "  FedEx Days " because people have to deliver something overnight . These one-day bursts of autonomy have produced an array of fixes for existing software and ideas for new products that might not have emerged otherwise . This is n't management through carrots and sticks . It 's innovation through autonomy . You can give this a whirl at your organization . Set aside an entire day when employees can work on anything they choose , however they want , with whomever they 'd like . Make sure they have the tools and resources they need . And impose just one rule : People must deliver something -- a new idea , a prototype of a product , a better internal process -- the following day . The results might amaze you . CHILDREN : Give your children an allowance and some chores -- but do n't combine them In the peculiar world of human motivation , sometimes adding two positives can give you a negative . Take the case of chores and allowances . Both are good . Chores show kids that families are built on mutual obligations and that all members need to help each other . Allowances teach kids to be responsible for , and manage , their own money . But combining the two is a big mistake . By linking money to the completion of chores , parents turn an allowance into what I call an "  if - then " reward  as in "  If you do this , then you get that . "  The science is very clear that "  if-then " rewards , while effective in some circumstances , can trigger an avalanche of unintended consequences . In this case , the carrot of payment sends kids a clear  and clearly wrongheaded  message : In the absence of cash , no self-respecting child would willingly set the table , empty the garbage or make her own bed . It converts a moral andfamilial obligation into just another commercial transaction -- and teaches that the only reason to do a less-than-desirable task for your family is for payment . So keep allowance and chores separate , and you just might get that trash can emptied . Even better , your kids will begin to learn the difference between principles and payoffs . PERSONAL : Find your sentence Clare Booth Luce , one of the first women to serve in Congress , once said , "  a great man is a sentence . " What she meant was that anybody who ever achieved anything of enduring significance was n't running in 17 directions at once . Those who leave left a lasting imprint -- not just on their country , but also on their families and communities -- are animated by a singular purpose . One of the best ways to find your purpose is to ask yourself a variation of Luce 's question : What 's my sentence ? When all is said and done , how to do you wanted to be remembered ? How will the world be different because of your presence on it ? Your sentence need not be George Washington-esque in its scope .  "  He led a revolution from tyranny and helped guide a young democracy . "  Maybe it 's "  she served every patient who came into her office whether or not that person could pay . " Maybe it 's "  he taught two generations of children how to read . " Maybe it 's "  she raised four children who are now happy and healthy adults . " There are few better navigational tools than to find your North Star of purpose . So ask yourself : What 's my sentence ? You might find the answer motivating . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Pink .	Our traditional idea of motivation is to reward good behavior with money , Daniel Pink says He says research shows that carrot-and-stick motivators work only in limited circumstances He says many people motivated by need to be creative , productive , independent He says managers and parents can adopt better ways to motivate
CNN  -- No one , especially not one of Mexico 's top law enforcement officials , denies that killings by drug cartels have reached record levels . Mexican police carry a body after a clash with gangs that left 21 dead in the state of Chihuahua on February 10 . But Monte Alejandro Rubido Garcia , executive secretary for the National System for Public Safety , has an explanation . "  Mexico all of a sudden stopped being a drug-transit country and became a drug-consuming country , " Rubido told CNN on Thursday . That means gangs that once shipped drugs into the United States are now fighting each other to sell the drugs at home , he said . Their fights center on territory -- who gets to sell what and where . "  The only way to settle their differences is through violence , " Rubido said . "  They 're fighting block by block in a very violent way . " The result is a brutal onslaught that resulted in about 5,400 deaths last year , more than double the 2,477 tallied in 2007 . Many analysts say Mexico is on track to set a record again this year . Former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich called the situation in Mexico a "  civil war " on a national TV program a few weeks ago . Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , terms it "  a sickening vertigo into chaos and plunder . " The violence also is a result of the Mexican government 's stepped-up fight against the drug cartels . President Felipe Calderon 's administration has spent more money and confiscated more drugs than any previous one , Rubido said . "  Every time the state strikes a blow against them , their reaction is more violence , " Rubido said of the drug cartels . A United Nations report released this week notes that the "  government of Mexico faces violent opposition by drug cartels to its attempts to fight organized crime and drug trafficking , " adding that "  drug cartels have responded with unprecedented violence . " Much of this violence , Rubido said , is carried out in "  high-impact " fashion , aiming to get attention and demoralize the cartels ' enemies . For example , decapitations have become common . But decapitation often is not the cause of death . "  They 're first killed with a shot , then decapitated for maximum visual impact , " the law enforcement official said . "  They 're trying to make the state go into reverse . " That will not happen , Rubido vowed . "  The only way to fight this is like we 're doing in Mexico . " He listed three fronts in the conflict : a frontal assault on the gangs ; prevention campaigns against drug use ; and a common strategy and tactics among Mexico 1,660 police agencies . It 's a tough battle , he admits , especially since the use of cocaine in Mexico has doubled in the past four years . Cocaine traffickers , Rubido said , have been looking for new markets and have targeted Europe and Mexico . Watch how the violence is affecting the United States " The U.N. report released this week notes that "  despite concrete measures adopted by the government , drug abuse remains high in Mexico , especially among school-age children and young people . " The war on drugs in Mexico is made even more difficult by rampant corruption , the report says . "  There is so much money involved in the drug trade , there is so much fear involved in the drug trade , that no institution can survive unaffected , " said Birns . Says Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based policy center : "  This has really revealed just how corrupt Mexican officeholders are , how many people in key positions in the anti-drug war have been taking money from narcotraffickers . " In one recent instance , Noe Ramirez Mandujano , who was the nation 's top anti-drug official from 2006 until August 2008 , was arrested on charges that he accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers while in office . There have been other similar arrests of high-ranking officials for taking bribes from drug traffickers . "  There 's no way the public treasury can pay what the drug traffickers are paying , " Hakim said . Rubido acknowledges the situation . "  It is a problem , and it is assumed as fact , " he said Thursday . But he also sees the arrest of high-ranking officials as proof that anti-corruption efforts are working . Drug lords have two ways to battle anti-crime efforts , he said : bribes and intimidation . That intimidation can often take brutal forms . Last weekend , for example , a police official in Tabasco state who had arrested a trafficker a week earlier was killed . So were his mother , his wife , his children and nieces and nephews . His brother , also a state police officer , was wounded , as were two others . In all , 12 people were shot dead in three homes . Six of them were children . A few days earlier , a retired army general was abducted , tortured and shot 11 times , less than 24 hours after becoming Cancun 's top anti-drug official . He , his aide and a driver were all found dead in a truck by the side of a road . Cancun 's police chief was arrested a few days later in connection with the slayings . Still , Rubido and others say , most of the deaths involve just drug traffickers , not ordinary citizens . "  Ninety percent of the people who died last year in organized crime were involved in crime , " Rubido said . "  The problem is among criminal gangs . " Rubido sees the Mexican government prevailing . "  I have a firm conviction that it 's a battle we will win , " he said . Others are much less certain . "  The occasional anti-drug battle is being won , but the war is being lost , " said Birns of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs public policy institute . "  And there 's no prospect the war is going to be won . " That pessimism that the current strategy is working has led to calls for a new approach . Last week , the former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil called for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in strategy on the war on drugs . Ex-presidents Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico , Cesar Gaviria of Colombia and Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil made their announcement at a meeting in Brazil of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " Gaviria said at a news conference in which the 17-member commission 's recommendations were presented . Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Carter in the late 1970s , calls the problem in Mexico "  even worse than Chicago during the Prohibition era . " He said a solution similar to what ended that violence is needed now . "  What worked in the U.S. was not Eliot Ness , " he said , referring to the federal agent famous for fighting gangsters in 1920s and '30s . "  It was the repeal of Prohibition . " Rubido is diplomatic , saying decriminalizing drugs is a "  terribly sensible " approach that has received much thought . But he 's not buying it . "  This has become a world of globalization , " he said . "  Globalization has many virtues , but some errors . I ca n't conceive that one part of the world would decriminalize drugs because it would become a paradise for drug use . It might bring down violence , but there would be social damage . "	Official says drugs being used more inside Mexico , leading to turf wars Rubido : "  They 're fighting block by block in a very violent way " Violence also result of government 's stepped-up fight against cartels , official says Official says decriminalizing drugs may lessen violence but increase social damage
Australian authorities on Tuesday told more than 2,000 residents who had left a town at the mercy of record-breaking flood waters to stay away until the danger had passed . The swollen Balonne River , which cuts through the heart of the town of St. George in the eastern state of Queensland , reached 13.85 meters  45.4 feet  Tuesday morning and was expected to peak around 14 meters later in the day , said Steve Gollschewski , assistant commissioner of the Queensland Police . Even at their forecast peak level , the flood waters should not threaten the levee bank protecting the town , which stands at 14.5 meters , Gollschewski said . Nonetheless , the authorities said the risks remained too high to allow people back to their properties . "  The clear message for all of the residents of St. George is there will be no return today , " said Ian Stewart , deputy commissioner of the Queensland Police . "  Your safety is primary to our decision making . " Queensland has been deluged with heavy rains over the past week even as some parts of the region are still struggling to recover from devastating floods that took place about a year ago . The flooding this year has also affected parts of the neighboring state of New South Wales . According to the police , 222 residents remain in St. George -- out of a total population of about 3,000 -- along with 93 police officers and other emergency staff . The authorities had urged all residents to leave the town . Dozens of homes in southeastern Queensland have been inundated by the floods and hundreds of people have taken shelter in evacuation centers . Many others have been taken to the state capital , Brisbane . The army has provided military helicopters and a C-130 cargo plane to assist with search , evacuation and supply efforts . The cleanup from the flooding in Roma , Mitchell and Charleville -- three towns near St. George -- was in danger of being hampered by more bad weather Tuesday . The Australian Bureau of Meteorology issued a severe thunderstorm warning for the area .	Flood waters in St. George are expected to peak around 45 feet That is below the level of the levee bank protecting the town Authorities tell residents that they should not return to their homes yet A thunderstorm warning threatens to hamper the cleanup effort in other Queensland towns
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray , whose involuntary manslaughter trial starts next month , has hired a new lawyer for his legal team . Los Angeles lawyer Nareg Gourjian will assist lawyers Ed Chernoff and J. Michael Flanagan in defending Murray , who is charged in pop star Michael Jackson 's death . A document filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Monday said Gourjian is replacing Joseph Low , who is leaving the Murray defense team . Gourjian is a former of associate of Mark Geragos , a lawyer known for high-profile criminal cases . He helped Geragos with those cases , including Chris Brown 's domestic violence charge and the trial of Scott Peterson , who was convicted of killing his wife . Gourjian currently represents Joe Finley , an "  America 's Got Talent " prospect whose wife was found dead last fall at a Los Angeles hotel . Murray is accused of killing Michael Jackson in June of 2009 with an overdose of the anesthetic propofol . The defense lawyers and prosecution will meet for a hearing Tuesday to discuss discovery motions and other issues as they prepare for the start of jury selection on March 24 . Judge Michael Pastor ruled last week that the trial can be televised .	Nareg Gourjian joins Ed Chernoff and J. Michael Flanagan to defend the doctor He replaces lawyer Joseph Low , who is leaving the team ; the trial is to start March 24 Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson 's death
CNN  -- Double world champion Sebastian Vettel insists Red Bull can continue to dominate Formula One as the leading marque unveiled their car for the 2012 season on Monday . German driver Vettel has been unrivaled over the last two years , winning 16 races since the start of 2010 to become the sport 's youngest two-time drivers ' champion . The 24-year-old 's peerless form -- which earned him 11 grand prix wins in 2011 -- has also helped Red Bull clinch back-to-back constructors ' titles . Speaking at the launch of the new RB8 , Vettel set his sights on securing a third successive Red Bull clean sweep . Alonso eyes glory as Ferrari unveil radical new design "  We had a great year , " Vettel told the sport 's official website . "  I think we 'll always look back to 2011 and think how special it was . "  We know how special it was and we really enjoyed that but we know how hard it is to be that consistent , always there and nearly every race on the podium . "  So the target is to obviously try to do it again and try to get everything out of ourselves , so we 'll see how we get on with the new car , the RB8 . " Despite the success of the Austrian-owned , UK-based team -- who entered the elite division of motorsport as recently as 2005 -- Vettel warned against complacency ahead of the new season , which starts in Australia on March 18 . "  At the beginning of last year we did n't really expect whatever happened last year , so I think it 's the same thing again . "  It would be wrong to go into this season and expect 2011 to happen again ... I think it will be very , very tight this year and anything else would be a surprise to be honest . " New car gives McLaren confidence to end Red Bull dominance Vettel 's Australian teammate Mark Webber endured a frustrating 2011 , securing his first and only win of the year at the season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix on his way to a third-place finish in the drivers ' standings -- 134 points behind Vettel . "  Last year was n't an amazing season , but it was n't too bad for me , " the 35-year-old said . "  I still managed to finish third in the drivers ' championship ... so it was a great way for me to finish the year with the victory in Brazil and many strong results . "  We 're always learning as athletes and I 'm looking forward to 2012 , it 's got some great opportunities for me . You know the old cliche , take each race as it comes , but that 's how it will be initially and we 'll go from there . " Another veteran on the grid next year will be Finland 's Kimi Raikkonen , the 2007 world champion , who is returning to the sport after a two-season absence . The former Ferrari driver has joined Lotus -- who competed in last year 's championship as Renault -- and spoke of his excitement at the launch of the team 's new E20 car . "  Formula One is something very special in my racing career , " said the 32-year-old , who participated in NASCAR and the World Rally Championship in his break from F1 . "  You always want to race at the toughest level , so Formula One is where you want to race if you have a choice . "  I think we 'll have a lot of fun in the season ahead and hopefully we will get some good results . I want a strong enough car to challenge for good results . " Swiss team Sauber also showcased their new car on Monday , with Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi and Mexico 's Sergio Perez on hand to take the C31 for a spin . Kobayashi finished last season in 12th place , four positions and 16 points ahead of Perez , and he is looking forward to his third year with the team . "  We 've been through a lot together and can benefit from our shared experiences , " Kobayashi said . "  In my first year with the team we had a bad start but a good second half to the season . "  The second year was the exact reverse . In our third year together we should be a reliable bet to finish consistently in the points . I 'm really looking forward to the new season with the Sauber team . "	Red Bull 's F1 world champion Sebastian Vettel eyes a third straight drivers ' title Vettel clinched the crown in 2010 and 2011 and is F1 's youngest double champion The German was speaking at the launch of the RB8 , Red Bull 's eighth F1 car The UK-based team have won the last two constructors ' championships
As security forces ran out , militants overran Iraq 's second-largest city on Tuesday -- a stunning collapse that heightened questions about Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's ability to hold onto not only Mosul , but his entire country . Militants seized Mosul 's airport , TV stations , the governor 's office and other parts , if not all , of the northern Iraqi city . "  I only ... saw armed people , but not Iraqi military , " said resident Firas al-Maslawi of his drive through Mosul on Tuesday . "  There was no presence of any government forces on the streets , the majority of their posts destroyed and manned by  Islamist militants  . " Other witnesses painted similar scenes , of buildings and boulevards manned not by Iraqi soldiers or police but rather by men they say are members of the extremist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , an al Qaeda splinter group also known by its acronym ISIS . Mosul was n't the only place in the country beset by violence Tuesday , including some focused closer to the capital of Baghdad . Still , what 's happening in this northern Iraqi city is the most serious , given its size , the bloodshed 's scope and the brewing humanitarian situation tied to it . The numerous reports of police and soldiers running from their posts in Mosul raised the prospect that the Iraqi government did not either have the will or resources to win this and other fights . In perhaps a sign of just how serious the threat is , al-Maliki took to the airwaves to urge all men to volunteer to fight , promising to provide weapons and equipment . The Prime Minister also urged parliament to declare a state of emergency as part of an effort " to confront this ferocious attack that harms all Iraqis . " "  We will not allow for the remainder of the ... province and the city to fall , " he said in a live speech broadcast on Iraqi state TV . Already , hundreds in Mosul have been killed since the fighting began five days ago . Tens of thousands more have fled in vehicles and on foot , some of them carrying only what they could in plastic bags . This rush has contributed to bottlenecks at checkpoints as people tried to get to safety in nearby Erbil . Within Mosul , militants managed to take control of security checkpoints , military bases and a prison , where they freed up to 1,000 prisoners , authorities said . They did so after apparently overrunning Iraqi security forces , whose bodies -- some of them mutilated -- littered the streets , a Reuters journalist on the ground in Mosul reported . Some police took off their uniforms , dropped their weapons and ran , according to the journalist . A journalist with Agence France-Presse , who was fleeing the city with his family , reported security forces had abandoned vehicles and a police station was set on fire . "  We ca n't beat them . We ca n't . They are well-trained in street fighting , and we 're not , " one officer , whose identity was withheld , told Reuters . "  We need a whole army to drive them out of Mosul . " Fighting elsewhere around Iraq Political and sectarian violence have wracked Iraq for months , often pitting minority Sunnis against majority Shiite Muslims , who came to dominate the government after Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was overthrown in 2003 . Tensions are fueled by widespread discontent among the Sunnis , who say they are marginalized by the Shiite-led government and unfairly targeted by heavy-handed security tactics . Militants also believed to be from ISIS have also taken control of two villages in Kirkuk province and one in Salaheddin province , Iraqi police officials told CNN on Tuesday . The move into Salaheddin province -- the capital of which , Tikrit , was Saddam 's hometown -- shows how close the major fighting is getting to Baghdad . Video posted on YouTube purportedly shows all jail cells in a police station in Beiji in the province abandoned , though CNN could confirm the authenticity of the footage . On Tuesday night , Iraqi security forces were clashing with dozens of gunmen attempting to storm the Baiji oil refinery about 200 kilometers  125 miles  north of the capital , police officials in Tikrit said . Closer to Baghdad , at least 31 people were killed and 28 others injured in a series of roadside bombs detonated at a cemetery on the outskirts of the central city of Baquba , according to police officials . Two residents of Falluja , which is in Sunni-dominated Anbar province and controlled by militants , say a majority of government forces have pulled back from that city to focus on securing Baghdad 's perimeter . This violence is significant but hardly new in Iraq , which has been beset by instability for years . That includes bloodshed in the years immediately after Saddam 's capture over a decade ago . Still , one difference between then and now is the Iraqi government had help from U.S.-led forces at that time . Now , after a brief lull , the unrest has picked up . The United Nations has said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with more than 8,800 people killed -- most of them civilians . Nearly 500,000 people are estimated to have been displaced this year in fighting , primarily in Anbar province . Radical Islamists on the move While sectarian strife is largely to blame , there 's no doubt that radical Islamists increasingly flexed their muscles and expanded their reach in recent months . Formost among them is ISIS , which has wrested control of Iraqi cities like Falluja and parts of Ramadi as well as of Syrian towns just over the border . It has done so by exploiting the weakness of Iraq 's central Shiite-dominated government , says CNN 's Nic Robertson , as it has done in Mosul . "  It is considered too radical even for al Qaeda and , in the past months , has withstood and emerged from a jihadist backlash from its erstwhile radical Islamist allies in Syria 's civil war , " Robertson said . "  Mosul ... has made them the single most dangerous , destabilizing radical group in the region , something al-Maliki 's government seems ill-equipped to deal with . " The fall of Mosul -- a predominantly Sunni city with a population of about 1.6 million -- would be a blow to the central government , which is already struggling to contain an insurgency in central Anbar province . Mosul , about 560 kilometers  350 miles  northwest of Baghdad , was once called the last stronghold of al Qaeda in Iraq by the U.S. military , and at the height of the Iraq war , it was considered one of the main entry points for foreign fighters coming into the country by way of Syria . The security forces , particularly police , have not always been trusted in Mosul . In 2004 , thousands of police officers fled their posts amid the Sunni insurgency , leaving U.S. and Kurdish forces to fight to keep control of the city . This time around , Jala Abdulrahman saw no sign of government authorities in his Mosul neighborhood , prompting him to flee along with his wife , three children and other family members . "  Gunmen are everywhere in my neighborhood , " he told CNN by telephone . " ... Where are the Iraqi army and police ? Where are the politicians that we trusted and voted for ? " By late Tuesday , Abdulrahman and his family were among hundreds waiting at a checkpoint on the road between Mosul and the Erbil , the capital of Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish region . Um Ahmed decided to drive out of Mosul at dawn with her three daughters and two sons . She was n't taking any chances , especially knowing how gunmen killed her husband outside of a mosque in Mosul a few years ago . "  I left everything behind , and I do n't know how long it will take to return back to our home , " she said . Al-Maslawi , the Mosul resident , said that while government forces were absent , ISIS fighters seemed to be in control . Members of the group even urged mobs trying to flee toward Kurdistan to go back home , he said . " ` We will not hurt anyone , ' " al-Maslawi said of what ISIS members were saying . " ` We have liberated the city of Mosul from al-Maliki forces ... We are running this city , and tomorrow all  businesses  need to be reopened . ' Grisly scene in Iraq : ` See these children ? ' Speaker points finger at security forces Turkey has become part of the story in Mosul as well , with the Turkish Foreign Ministry reporting fighting near its consulate in the city and noting reports that militants abducted 28 Turkish truck drivers hauling fuel . The drivers were en route from Iskenderun , Turkey , to an electrical plant outside of Mosul . According to the Turkish Foreign Ministry , when the drivers arrived at the plant , ISIS fighters grabbed them . Earlier , the speaker of Iraq 's parliament said that a "  foreign invasion " of the country was under way by "  terrorist groups " and that the northern province of Nineveh , of which Mosul is the capital , was under "  total occupation . " Speaking at a news conference in Baghdad , Osama al-Nujaifi appeared to point the finger at the central government , accusing security forces of abandoning Mosul when the fighting began . Al-Nujaifi said security forces "  abandoned their weapons , their tanks and their bases and left them to terrorist groups , even Mosul airport . " He also said gunmen had taken over ammunition storage facilities . The speaker , whose brother Atheel al-Nujaifi is the governor of Nineveh province , said the central government had been warned over the past few weeks that militant groups were gathering but had taken no preventive action . "  It will not stop at the borders of Nineveh but will reach all of Iraq , " he said . Also criticizing the central government was Nechirvan Barzani , the prime minister of Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish region , who blamed security forces for allowing militants to take control of portions of Mosul . "  Over the last two days , we tried extremely hard to establish cooperation with the Iraqi security forces in order to protect the city of Mosul . Tragically , Baghdad adopted a position which has prevented the establishment of this cooperation , " he said in a written statement . While Iraq 's defense and interior ministries did n't release statements Tuesday about the situation in Mosul , the country 's most influential Shiite cleric expressed support for their efforts . "  Religious authority stresses that Iraqi government and other political leaders need to unify and strengthen its efforts to stand up to the terrorists and to provide protection to citizens , " said Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani . One move too far : How al-Maliki overreached in Anbar Thousands flee intense Falluja shelling Opinion : Why Iraq elections ca n't fix chaos	Witness says ISIS members told people to return to "  liberated " Mosul Top Shiite cleric urges national unity "  to stand up to the terrorists " Residents : Most government forces have pulled back from Falluja Iraqi Prime Minister calls on men to volunteer to fight , promising to provide weapons
This year marks the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Solferino which led to the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross . The ICRC is using the date to launch an awareness campaign of its work in conflict-affected countries , featuring photos taken by five award-winning photojournalists . This week we 're bringing you stories from some of the world 's most troubled countries , as told by the ICRC . CITÉ SOLEIL , Haiti  ICRC  -- Roudeline Lamy was 23 when she was shot in the stomach . The impact of the bullet sent the small baby she was holding tumbling to the ground . Roudeline Lamy shows the scar from her bullet wound . At 26 , she 's a widow after losing her husband to gangland violence . Roudeline still suffers from stomach pains and her daughter , now three years old , is paralyzed from the waist down . The mother and child sleep on the concrete floor of a shack that floods every time it rains . Since Roudeline 's husband was killed by the gangs , she has had to rely on the charity of friends and her faith that God will not abandon her . With very few State services , God is all the poor in Haiti 's sprawling seaside slum of Cité Soleil can believe in . Two schools and one state hospital serve the ever-expanding population , with aid agencies and religious groups trying to plug the gap . The International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  has been in Haiti since 1994 and in Cité Soleil since 2003 . Rob Drouen , head of the ICRC delegation , explains , "  Haiti is a fragile state where armed gangs can be used to stir up trouble for political reasons and abject poverty fuels discontent . " See photos taken by award-winning photojournalist Ron Haviv " Even among the children . In Cité Soleil , a dozen street children start pummeling a young girl . It 's not known why . But within seconds word has spread that a fight is on . Hordes of children with matted hair and ragged clothes race to the scene , glad of anything to relieve the monotony of yet another day with nothing to do . Weary parents pull their children away , leaving the shaken girl to escape . This is a far cry from the days when families ran for cover from daily gun battles . A few years ago , Cité Soleil was one of the most dangerous and destitute places on earth -- a shanty town torn apart by a vicious gang war for control of the area . United Nations troops have stabilized the security situation in Haiti , the western world 's poorest country , and many gang members are either dead or behind bars . Nevertheless , violence still surrounds the 300,000 residents of Cité Soleil , fueled by hunger and the frustration of trying to survive on less than a dollar a day . I sidestep the brawling children and enter the home of a woman who has suffered more than most . A long-standing resident of Cité Soleil , 83 year old Elevanise Tidor was first caught in gangland crossfire in 1993 . In 2004 she stepped into harm 's away again when she was shot in the breast and stomach . As she undoes her faded dress to show the scars from her mastectomy , she tells me she was later hit by a car and now can hardly walk . Watch Elevanise Tidor tell her story " Confined to a sparsely furnished corrugated iron shack , she worries about how her children and grandchildren are going to make ends meet . "  My body took the bullets , but my family has been hit the hardest , " she says . "  I ca n't work or do anything for them . My grandchildren often go to bed crying with hunger . " That the victims of violence can suffer for years after the event is well-known , but in Cité Soleil the suffering can last a lifetime . With the help of the ICRC , a group of victims of the violence is aiding fellow sufferers . In 2007 , Pierre Wilber founded REVICIS  Regroupement des victimes de Cité Soleil  after gang members beat him up for political reasons . REVICIS has already identified 300 victims and is now trying to get funds for social , psychological and legal help . "  There are so many social problems in Cité Soleil that everyone here is a victim , " he says . "  But we give priority to people visibly scarred by violence , because they have suffered a double blow . " Brice Osmer is one of the rare victims who can still work . In April 2005 , he was caught in a shoot-out between UN troops and gang members . He was hit three times and lost an arm . Since then he walks the streets selling mobile phone time cards and bags of water . "  On a good day I earn a dollar , but it 's thanks to my wife who sells food from dawn to dusk that my children do n't starve . " In 2004 , at the height of the gang warfare , the Red Cross ensured that people had safe access to water . Previously , they had been risking their lives crossing frontlines to fill up their buckets . Today , the ICRC works with the water board , maintaining and running 53 communal water points across Cité Soleil , turning them on for a couple of hours 20 days a month . Prospere Borgelin works with the ICRC on its water project . He also works with other international organizations to improve living conditions in Ti-Haiti where he lives  Ti-Haiti is Creole for Petit Haiti , or Little Haiti . Like other community leaders , he has seen the benefits of working closely with the humanitarian agencies and with the Brazilian troops from the U.N. stabilization mission responsible for security in Cité Soleil . "  The troops have brought security . Communities are beginning to organize themselves . We see the results in that roads are being built , rubbish collected and sewage removed , " he says . At considerable personal risk , Borgelin has helped the U.N. and the Haitian police arrest gang members in his neighborhood and continues to be vigilant . Like many in Cité Soleil , he fears that the U.N. will pull out before the Haitian police are ready to take over and that the streets will again echo to the sound of gunfire . "  Misery , " he says , "  breeds violence . And there 's still plenty of misery in Cité Soleil . " For more about this topic go to the ICRC Website . Have you been affected by conflict ? Send your photos and stories to iReport .	Worst of the violence is over in Haiti , but life remains intolerably hard in slums Many residents of Cité Soleil bear the scars of gang-related warfare United Nations troops have stabilized the situation but poverty fuels unrest
CNN  -- Retirement has n't been full of lazy days , rounds of golf and luxury vacations for Gary Terry . When this former telecommunications executive called it quits after a 32-year career , he took up an equally time-consuming volunteer job as chairman of the American Heart Association 's Texas chapter . Gary Terry says his being saved by a public defibrillator he 'd pressed for was "  divine intervention . " "  I believe the Lord chose me to lead that group , " said Terry , who lives in Hurst , Texas . But his "  sign from the Lord " came , not in the form of a dream or a mysterious figure in his morning toast . Instead , it came in the form of a cardiac arrest by the security checkpoint at the Austin airport . "  I was trying to get back to the metroplex because I had a meeting the next morning . I reached down to pick up my briefcase , and I kept going . " Here 's where the story takes an ironic twist : Gary Terry collapsed just 18 feet from an automated external defibrillator AED that he and his group -- the American Heart Association -- helped to install just eight months earlier . "  A lot of people say there 's a lot of circumstances in your situation that really are unique , " said Terry , "  and I say no , they 're not unique circumstances -- they 're divine intervention . And I truly believe that . " But the circumstances of Terry 's experience are unique , because there was a defibrillator nearby , and somebody knew how to use it . Watch more on the heart official saved by a defibrillator he pushed for " "  When somebody stops breathing and they hit the ground , for all intents and purposes , they 're dead , " says Dr. Art Kellermann , noted defibrillator advocate and professor of emergency medicine at Emory University . "  There are a few minutes where you can reach through the door and pull them back from death if you act decisively . " And acting decisively , says Kellermann , means following the four links in the "  chain of survival . " Visit CNNhealth , your connection for better living The first link , according to the American Heart Association , is to recognize there 's a problem , and call 911 . Next , begin doing CPR , employ the use of a defibrillator and get the victim into the hands of capable medical professionals like the paramedics . "  Research has shown time and time again that you win or lose in a cardiac arrest on the scene , " says Dr. Kellermann . "  If you do n't get -LSB- the victim -RSB- started before you start transport , the likelihood they 'll survive to leave the hospital is less than one-half of 1 percent . " And statistics also show that if the chain of survival is initiated within 4 minutes , the chances of survival can be as high as 60 percent . The good news is , CPR is easy to learn  local classes can be found here  and the automated external defibrillator is remarkably simple to use , even without significant training . According to several device manufacturers , you simply place the pads on a victim 's chest , and turn the unit on . Complex algorithms inside the unit 's computer determine whether a shock from the machine will help restart a victim 's heart . Once the machine determines that a shock should in fact be delivered , it tells the user to clear their hands from the patient 's body , and press the "  shock " button . It 's far less complicated than your average VCR , and almost impossible to screw up . It 's for these reasons , and the relatively low cost of a defibrillator that Gary Terry continues his crusade . "  I think this is part of the plan , and I think he wants me to keep telling people what a great piece of equipment the AED is . " And Terry says he wo n't stop until the defibrillator is as ubiquitous in public places as a sprinkler system . "  I 'm gon na try to put AEDs in every building and in every house , and then I 'm gon na hang them on trees . "	Heart association official suffered cardiac arrest in a Texas airport His life was saved by an automated external defibrillator His group pressed to have the AEDs place in the airport months earlier
CNN  -- Achtung , baby ! Sacha Baron Cohen stars as a flamboyant Austrian fashionista in "  Bruno . " There 's a British theory that everything sounds funnier delivered with a Teutonic accent . That 's tested to the limit in Sacha Baron Cohen 's newest provocation , "  Bruno , " but it 's not what comes out of his mouth that makes the Austrian fashionista such a handful . The man in the tight yellow lederhosen knows that in our visually overstimulated culture , a picture is vorth a thousand vords . More if there 's significant skin involved -- and he 's happy to show us his wurst . Cohen seems to believe that prudery is the enemy . Certainly , bad taste is his Trojan horse . An early montage of romantic coupling , Bruno-style , is enough to get tongues wagging -- or clucking in disapproval . It 's the closest thing to gay porn most heterosexuals will see this side of "  300 . " Either way , Cohen 's laughing : Properly managed , outrage is a useful marketing tool , as "  Borat " showed . Apparently permanently airbrushed right down to his backside , Bruno looks nothing like his hirsute Kazakh cousin , but the men share an ego ; they 're equally insensitive to other people and oblivious to notions of social decorum and the politically correct . And they both invest heavily in the American Dream . Bruno hungers after fame as hungrily as Borat lusted for Pamela Anderson . After a brief prologue in Europe -- and the distressing revelation of the vacuity of the fashion scene -- he sets out for Los Angeles , determined to become Austria 's "  biggest superstar since Hitler . " Perhaps inspired by another Cohen creation , Ali G , he sets out to make a celebrity interview show -- but sadly , the only dupes ignorant enough to participate are "  American Idol " judges  Paula Abdul chats about her philanthropic pursuits while perched on the back of an immigrant laborer  and presidential candidates  take a bow , Ron Paul  . It 's not just about the scarcity of the guests , though . Bruno does n't draw them out the way Borat did . Quite the opposite : Mostly they 're wary and guarded , or downright hostile -- and understandably so , often enough , given Bruno 's shock tactics . Yes , it 's funny seeing him fire up a predominantly African-American TV studio audience by announcing that his "  adopted " black baby is named O.J. , but still , the scene tells us more about Cohen 's need to provoke than about the crowd 's supposed homophobia . The same goes for his brief stint in a U.S. Army training facility . The actor 's quick wit and virtuoso physical comedy skills carry the day , but just as Bruno is forced to abandon one dead-end celebrity scheme after another , the movie too seems to be casting about haphazardly for some real comic traction . Evidently it 's not easy testing taboos in 2009 . Wherever Bruno turns , he seems to be following in someone else 's footsteps . Peace talks in Israel  what Bruno calls "  Middle Earth "  ? Morgan Spurlock has been there , done that . Camping out with the gun lobby ? Michael Moore , "  Bowling for Columbine . " Gay conversion ? Did n't director Larry Charles go there with Bill Maher just last year in "  Religulous " ? Meanwhile , Bruno 's love-hate relationship with his assistant , Lutz  Gustaf Hammarsten  , only highlights how similar the new film 's few narrative pegs are to "  Borat . " Some sketches do hit much closer to home . A series of interviews with stage moms and dads who eagerly sign up their infants to work with hornets , wasps , dead or dying animals , antiquated heavy machinery and sundry toxic substances is a real jaw-dropper , though the kicker is tempered by Bruno 's behavior . And , to its credit , the film saves the best for last . In a show-stopping climax  which I do n't propose to spoil here  Cohen puts it all on the line and definitively nails gay-bashers where it hurts : right between the eyes . iReport.com : "  Bruno " vs. Borat " : Preview audience weighs in It 's an elaborate -- and brave -- stunt by which Bruno ultimately achieves the fame he craves . And it does more than enough to validate the film 's fast and loose play with stereotypes and questionable undercover tactics . "  Bruno " has its problems , but the finale makes it a winner . "  Bruno " is rated R and runs 83 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	"  Bruno " is Sacha Baron Cohen 's new film ; he plays gay fashionista Film attempts to show homophobia but in some cases pushes too hard Still , last scene makes it worth it , says reviewer Tom Charity
CNN  -- There 's a slight frisson in the mountain air ... That 's because the world 's best Alpine racers are about to hurtle down the fastest downhill courses , tear up turns on the slalom , and grind through the super-G in pursuit of a dream far greater than a giant crystal globe and the overall title . So who is set to dominate next year on Sochi 's world stage ? Who will be peaking at just the right time at the Winter Olympics ? And who is determined to etch their names into the history books ? Here 's CNN 's guide to the seven skiers to keep an eye on over the coming months . Lindsey Vonn Last year we all watched with disbelief as the American ski star 's season dramatically unraveled . The 28-year-old Vonn had started the Alpine season chasing Annemarie Moser-Proll 's record number of World Cup victories , after making a promising start with wins in Lake Louise . In December her confidence was at such a high that she even spoke to CNN at the time about gutsy plans to legally contest the sports governing body , so that she might have the opportunity to race against the men . Such optimism proved short lived . A stomach illness forced her to take a three-week absence from the circuit in January , during which she admitted to suffering with depression . She returned just in time for the World Championships in Schladming only to suffer a horrific fall in the super-G during her first race of the competition . Airlifted to hospital , many thought her season and chances of making the Olympics were over . Vonn had hoped to be back for the new World Cup ski season , which begins in the Austrian resort of Soelden this weekend , but the Olympic gold medalist and four time overall world champion will not be able to take part as she continues her comeback from a serious knee injury . "  I will go home to Vail and continue my preparation for the Beaver Creek races and my ultimate goal in February ! " she said on her website earlier this week . Her ultimate goal in February is , of course , gold in Sochi . Bode Miller An Alpine season without Bode Miller always feels a little flat , but next month the U.S. skier who is loved by fans and loathed by coaches -- for his antics on and off-piste -- will be back from injury with his eyes firmly on the Olympic podium . Despite his reputation for his love of the good life , Miller has earned his pedigree as an incredible athlete and competitor after career wins of five Olympic medals , five World Championships and two overall titles . In November 2012 a persistent knee injury put him out of competition for the entire season and he 's been undergoing rehabilitation over the last year to be race fit for Sochi . Ski fans are likely to see a different Bode this season . Weighing some nine kilos lighter than in recent years , his troublesome knee is back in shape and he 's spoken out about how we wo n't be the go-for-broke skier of his youth . At 35 , he 'll be the oldest U.S. Alpine skier to compete in the Olympics and if he wins , he 'll be the oldest Olympic champion in Alpine skiing . A tall order , but no doubt Miller will want to go out with a bang . Tina Maze If Maze 's form is even half as good as it was in the 2013-14 season , we 'll surely be seeing this Slovenian medal in Sochi . In April she ended the year as the world 's No. 1 female skier , wiping the board as the overall World Cup champion with 11 victories and a record 2414 points . Even before Lindsey Vonn 's injury at the World Championships in Schladming , Maze had emerged as the American 's toughest adversary in years , and now we 'll have the chance to see the world 's two best female skiers compete for the first time on an Olympic platform . There 's reportedly no love lost between the two off-piste either - so expect some fireworks . Mikaela Shiffrin Teen sensation Shiffrin blasted onto the scene last season to become the youngest World Cup slalom champion since 1974 . She 's been dubbed a "  mini-Lindsey " due to the fact that she hails from the same town -- Vail , Colorado -- and also been labeled an American sweetheart . But beware Shiffrin is a fierce competitor . And if she can handle the hype , a slalom gold is a strong possibility in Sochi . Aksel Lund Svindal Like Norwegian wood , Svindal is big , strong and heavy . Hardly surprising then that his best performance should be in the speed disciplines super-G and downhill , which are best suited to strong , endurance skiers . After taking the World Cup titles in both last season , he 'll be sizing up the course in Sochi which has been generating buzz for the sheer size of its jumps and long , hard terrain -- a suitable gauntlet for this Norwegian pillar . Marcel Hirscher There is something of the "  Terminator " about Marcel Hirscher -- and not just because he 's a muscly Austrian . Hirscher 's skiing has always been clinical , technical and deadly to opponents which he proved once again when he took the overall world title last season for the second time in his career . He maintained a run of 18 podium appearances in 19 races in the two technical events -- slalom and giant slalom -- matching the legendary Alberto Tomba 's record in the process . Ted Ligety To say Ligety 's 2013 season was a breakthrough year would be an understatement . At the season opener in Soelden the 31-year-old American set the tone winning by a record breaking 2.75 second margin in the giant slalom , and then went on to decimate all competition for the rest of the season winning all but two G.S. events on his way to becoming the World Cup champion . In the midst of this career peak , he also became the first man since Jean-Claude Killy in 1968 to take three gold medals at the World Championships But can he do it again ?	Skiing 's World Cup 's first event held this weekend at Soelden in Austria American downhill skier Lindsey Vonn misses out due to injury Vonn 's fellow American Ted Ligety fit to race in World Cup opener
REAL SIMPLE  -- It was mid-December of 2005 . I do n't know why he said it . Author Anne Roiphe 's latest book , "  Epilogue : A Memoir , " will be released in paperback this fall . I do n't know if a shadow had fallen across him , something appalling he saw out of the corner of his eye . I do n't know if it was just coincidence or intuition that prompted him , but about a week before my seemingly healthy 82-year-old husband suddenly died , he emerged from the kitchen ready to go to his office , his face clean-shaven , his eyes shining , smiling shyly , holding the copy of the Anthony Trollope book he was rereading , and said to me , "  You have made me very happy . You know that you have made me a happy man . " There I stood in my work outfit , blue jeans and a T-shirt . There I stood with my white hair and my wrinkles and the face I was born with , although now much creased by time , and I felt beautiful . Tell us what makes YOU feel beautiful "  What ? " I said . I wanted him to repeat the words . "  You heard me , " he said and put on his coat and drew his earmuffs out of his pocket . "  Say it again , " I said . He said it again . "  You 've made me happy . " We had been married 39 years . We had held hands waiting in hospital corridors while a desperately ill child struggled to breathe and thankfully recovered . We had made financial mistakes together . We had spent hours out in fishing boats . Real Simple : 34 low-cost , make-you-smile ideas We had raised the children and then second-guessed our choices . We had stood shoulder to shoulder at graduations and weddings and we were well-worn , but still I had made him happy , and I was proud and flushed with the warmth of his words . Real Simple : 10 ways to be happier I know I looked beautiful that morning . Perhaps not to the young man holding his toddler in his arms who rode the elevator with me ; perhaps not to the friend I met for lunch , a true believer in Botox ; perhaps not to passersby on the street ; but I knew it for a certainty . I was beautiful . Real Simple : How to change things for the better I do n't believe that inner beauty is sufficient in this cruel world . That 's the pap one tells a child . I do n't believe that positive thinking improves your skin tone or that loving or being loved changes the shape of your nose or restores the thickness and color of hair , but I do know that there is a way of being beautiful , even as age takes its toll , that has something to do with the spirit filling with joy , something to do with the union with another human being , with the sense of having done well at something enormously important , like making happy a man who has made you happy often enough . Ten days after that morning conversation , my husband and I returned from a concert and dinner with friends and walked down our windy block toward our apartment house when suddenly he stumbled and fell and died within minutes . As I waited for the ambulance , I remembered his words , a beauty potion I would take with me into the rest of my life . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	About a week before he died , Anne Roiphe 's husband delivered an important message He told the author that she had made him a very happy man Roiphe said those words were like a beauty potion and made her feel beautiful
CNN  Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn should be acquitted of aggravated pimping charges because of insufficient evidence , a prosecutor told a French criminal court Tuesday at the trial of the onetime potential contender for the French presidency . The Lille prosecutor 's stance on the case -- in which investigators argued that Strauss-Kahn organized or encouraged sex parties involving prostitutes -- is n't new . His office said in 2013 that evidence did n't support the charges , but investigative magistrates nevertheless pursued the case to trial , which began two weeks ago . "  Was  Strauss-Kahn  an organizer of these evenings ? The answer is no . He did not give instructions , " Lille Prosecutor Frederic Fevre said , according to CNN affiliate BFMTV . "  Has  he  benefited financially from prostitution ? The answer is no . Has he paid prostitutes ? The answer is no . " Neither the investigation nor the trial supports the pimping charges , Fevre said . Investigators alleged that the sex parties , in locations such as Belgium , New York and Washington , stemmed from a prostitution ring , organized from the Hotel Carlton in Lille . Strauss-Kahn , who was married to French TV journalist Anne Sinclair until their divorce in 2013 , has never denied that he took part in the parties . But the crux of his defense is that he did not know that prostitutes were involved . In testimony last week , he acknowledged that the sexual encounters were organized in such a way that they could fit his agenda , but he denied organizing the parties or knowing that the women involved in the parties were prostitutes . "  I do n't consider myself as the organizer of any party whatsoever , " he said last week , adding that he had never asked anyone to organize parties for him . In France , prostitution is legal , but pimping is not . Prosecutors allege that two other defendants , businessman David Roquet and Fabrice Paszkowski , a businessman friend of the former IMF director , picked up the bills for the sex parties . Strauss-Kahn saw his stellar career plummet to earth after a separate sex scandal that resulted in his arrest in New York in 2011 . He was later cleared of the New York allegations . Before that scandal erupted , he had been on track to run for the French presidency -- an election that his Socialist Party later won with Francois Hollande as its candidate . The Lille prosecutor 's office in late 2013 asked for Strauss-Kahn 's case to be dismissed , citing a lack of evidence . However , the investigating magistrates did not follow its recommendations . A judgment in the case could come "  within months , " Fevre 's spokeswoman , Maud Perraudeau , said Tuesday . Sandrine Amiel contributed to this report .	"  Has  Strauss-Kahn  paid prostitutes ? The answer is no , " prosecutor says The prosecutor 's office has long said there was n't enough evidence to pursue the case But investigative magistrates pursed case against him and others ; trial began earlier this month
Chicago  CNN  -- Doctors and patients have a new tool to prevent breast cancer : A drug that is already approved for the treatment of the disease . Women who are at high risk for breast cancer that is fueled by the hormone estrogen could reduce their risk of getting cancer by taking the hormone-blocking drug Aromasin , according to a study presented at a conference in Chicago on Saturday . "  We proved that exemestane  Aromasin  reduced the risk of invasive breast cancer by 65 % , " said lead author Dr. Paul Goss , who is a breast cancer specialist at Boston 's Massachusetts General Hospital . Goss presented his research at the annual conference of the American Society of Clinical Oncology . The study has also been published in the New England Journal of Medicine . Aromasin is one of three drugs in the class of drugs called aromatase inhibitors , which block the production of estrogen in postmenopausal women . Two other estrogen-blocking drugs exist , but few women use them to prevent breast cancer because there are rare but serious possible side effects , such as an increased risk of uterine cancer and blood clots . Previous studies showed that cancer drug tamoxifen reduced the risk of getting breast cancer in older women by 50 % and osteoporosis drug raloxifene reduced the risk by 38 % after five years of taking the drugs . Exemestane , better known under the brand name Aromasin . was found to have fewer side effects than tamoxifen , according to Goss . His study enrolled 4,560 healthy postmenopausal women at high risk for breast cancer in a placebo-controlled , double-blinded clinical trial . The 65 % risk reduction was found after women had been taking the drugs for only three years . The study continues . "  This is the first study to show that a new class of drugs , aromatase inhibitors , have the ability to prevent breast cancer in high-risk women , " said Dr. Jennifer Litton , who is a breast cancer specialist at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and is not connected to this research . Litton says she prescribes tamoxifen a lot in her practice and believes it 's a very good and very affordable drug . But when she tells women about the possible side effects like uterine cancer , "  it definitely scares women away , even though the incidence of these side effects is really rare . " She hopes more women in the high-risk category will now be open to taking a cancer-preventing drug like Aromasin . Dr. Jose Baselga is the associate director of Massachusetts General 's Cancer Center , but did not participate in the research . He says the study is very good but cautions that the side effects of Aromasin should not be ignored . "  Aromatase inhibitors do have side effects and they are significant , " Baselga said . Women can have hot flashes , get arthritis and suffer bone loss from taking the drugs , which can have a big impact on a woman 's quality of life , especially for someone who does n't actually have cancer , he said . He also pointed out that 94 women were treated with this drug and did not benefit before one woman was prevented from getting breast cancer . So when it comes to prescribing Aromasin , "  I would limit it to patients who have very high risks " for getting breast cancer , Baselga said . According to the study , women taking Aromasin had no serious toxic effects and only "  minimal changes in health-related quality of life . " Women are considered to be at high risk for breast cancer if they are older than 60 , postmenopausal and/or have had abnormal breast biopsies in which there are some lesions . All the experts agree that women need to talk to their doctor to fully understand the risks and benefits of taking these drugs to prevent getting breast cancer . Pfizer , the maker of Aromasin , announced in May that the U.S. patent for this drug had expired , making it eligible for generic drug manufacturers to produce and sell it . Goss expects the price of this drug to decline quickly because of this . However , he says Pfizer would not reveal to him if they plan to ask for an extension of their patent based on this research . A spokesperson for the company , which funded some of this research , would not comment on this topic either .	Study shows Aromasin has fewer side effects than rivals Women at high risk for breast cancer could take drug before they get it Risk reduced by 65 % , study shows
Washington  CNN  -- Congress approved a $ 9.7 billion Superstorm Sandy aid package on Friday following delays over fiscal cliff bickering , warnings of dwindling federal funds and swirling controversy over millions of dollars for unrelated projects . The measure passed the House , 354-67 . The Senate did so unanimously and without debate . It was the first legislative action of the new Congress , which picked up the Sandy package after the previous session on Tuesday shelved a vote on a much larger assistance plan for storm victims , infuriating New York and New Jersey politicians . Lawmakers from both houses will weigh in on $ 51 billion in additional Sandy aid on January 15 . But that larger portion will likely face much closer scrutiny in a Congress anticipating more acrimony over spending and debt in coming months . House leaders initially balked at immediate consideration of a big spending bill just after concluding the excruciating negotiations around the fiscal cliff . House Speaker John Boehner preferred to wait a few days at least before holding a vote on a Sandy bill . The original storm legislation also included what some Republicans saw as congressional "  pork , " or money for unrelated pet projects . Budget hawks viewed the extra funding as wasteful in an era of record deficits . Some lawmakers and taxpayer interest groups teased out $ 8 million for cars for the Homeland Security and Justice departments , $ 2 million for the Smithsonian to repair roofs , $ 150 million for fisheries , and $ 100 million for repair of Head Start facilities . "  It 's perceived to be free money . It goes around the budget caps that are ever tightening . Traditionally we have n't offset disaster funding , but that does n't mean that some of these things should be in there , " said Steve Ellis , vice president for Taxpayers for Common Sense , a nonpartisan budget watchdog . "  It 's honey for the flies . " But New York Republican Rep. Peter King rejected criticisms of pet projects , or earmarks . "  Those reports were totally false , " King said on CNN . The Senate Appropriations Committee said the broader aid package was designed to provide funding for any federally declared disaster last year , not just Hurricane Sandy . Conservative groups , such as the Club for Growth , urged House members to oppose Friday 's scaled-back bill that included more than $ 9 billion to help the government pay flood insurance claims . Congress faced strong pressure to boost the debt-ridden flood insurance program , which is the primary option for that type of coverage for U.S. homeowners and businesses . It has been under severe financial pressure for years from payouts related to big storms like Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . The Federal Emergency Management Agency told Congress on Tuesday the flood insurance program was nearly out of money to compensate storm victims and required new authority to borrow more money to meet its obligations . "  Congress should not allow the federal government to be involved in the flood insurance industry in the first place , let alone expand the national flood insurance program 's authority , " the Club for Growth wrote on its website . Texas Republican Rep. Jeb Hensarling said flood insurance claims needed to be met for victims who paid their premiums . "  But madam speaker , here is the tragic reality -- the national flood insurance program is broke . It is beyond broke . It is now taxpayer bailout broke , " he said on the House floor . Rep. Peter King blasts his own party Democratic and Republican lawmakers in the storm-struck region , including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , unleashed a firestorm of criticism at House Republicans for not addressing the measure as originally planned on Tuesday . "  New Jersey deserves better than the duplicity we saw on display , " Christie said , adding , that this is "  why the American people hate Congress . " GOP civil war over Sandy relief Later , closed-door meetings between House Republicans from the Northeast and Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor got the aid package back on track with Friday 's vote on flood insurance and a promise to address the rest in coming weeks . But Ellis said that tempers may flare anew when Congress debates the next portion , including the question of unrelated storm expenses . "  We have to do the scrutiny . It wo n't be pretty . There 'll be some hurt feelings , " he said . Opinion : GOP 's obstructionism is suicide strategy CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate approves bill following House passage Extra funding in original Sandy bill included money for fisheries Congress will consider more help for Sandy victims later this month Sandy victims need help from debt-ridden government insurance program
CNN  -- Real Madrid midfielder Kaka is facing a spell of up to four months on the sidelines after undergoing knee surgery , the Spanish club have confirmed . The Brazil star had been with Jose Mourinho 's side on their pre-season tour of the United States but left their base in Los Angeles to travel to see a knee specialist in Belgium . Kaka had a disappointing World Cup with his country , as they were knocked out in the quarterfinal by Netherlands , and was troubled by a groin injury during the tournament in South Africa . He joined Real Madrid from Italian giants AC Milan in June 2009 for a then world record fee of $ 88 million but only made 22 appearances as his new club finished second to champions Barcelona . The half hour operation in Antwerp on Thursday morning was hailed as a success but Real fans may have to wait until December to see the 28-year-old back in action . A statement on the club 's official website read : "  The operation performed on the left knee of Real Madrid C.F. 's Ricardo Izecson Dos Santos Leite ` Kaka ' by Dr. Marc Martens at Antwerp 's AZ Monica Hospital was a success . "  The arthroscopic surgery confirmed an injury to the left meniscus with minimal inflammation of the cartilage . The player is expected to miss three to four months . " Cristiano Ronaldo scored the winner as Real Madrid beat Mexican side Club America 3-2 on their warm up tour of the U.S. and afterwards Mourinho told reporters the club could cope in Kaka 's absence . "  It 's no big deal if we have to lose him for a while , " he said . "  We have other players and that is that . He is one of the best players in the world . "  Kaka is loved by all his teammates and he is an excellent player , but we want him to be 100 per cent so that he is happy . " Real Madrid begin their quest to deny Barcelona a third straight Spanish title away to Mallorca on August 29 .	Real Madrid 's Kaka could be out of action for up to four months Kaka has undergone surgery on a knee injury in Belgium Midfielder represented Brazil at the World Cup in South Africa
CNN  -- Walk into Lisa Nasser 's kitchen most evenings and you 're greeted by rich aromas that indicate an exceptional cook is at work on a delicious creation . Colleen Doyle , editor of the "  What to Eat During Cancer Treatment " cookbook , prepares tuna-bean salad . Cooking is Nasser 's passion , but she left the kitchen and the cooking to others for six months in 2006 when she , like her mother before her , learned she had breast cancer . Numerous rounds of chemotherapy left her spent . "  I did n't have the energy to go shopping , bring in the food , prepare the food . I needed to rest , to sleep , " she recalls . Nasser 's experience is n't unique . According to the American Cancer Society , more than a million Americans will undergo cancer treatment this year . For cancer patients , nutrition is especially important , but many find that they are too tired to cook , or the food tastes bad , or they are too nauseated to eat , or they have painful mouth sores -- or all of the above . To coincide with National Breast Cancer Awareness month in October , the American Cancer Society has released a cookbook called "  What to Eat During Cancer Treatment . " Colleen Doyle , registered dietitian and editor of the cookbook , says the book is full of recipes and eating strategies that patients with all types of cancer can adopt to help deal with the unpleasant side effects of treatment . Chemotherapy , radiation and drug therapies often leave patients with nausea , diarrhea , constipation , mouth sores , taste alterations and unintentional weight loss . "  One of the things we did was organize recipes by the symptoms that they might be experiencing , " Doyle says . "  A lot of cancer patients going through chemo -- no surprise -- feel nauseous around those times when they are getting chemo . And so we talk to them about eating foods that are kind of bland ; think about avoiding really spicy foods , any kind of Mexican foods , things with lots of flavors , things with lots of herbs and spices . " See recipe samples from the cookbook " That certainly was the case with Nasser . "  I wanted pasta or rice dishes , anything that was bland , " she says . Doyle says it 's also helpful to eat small frequent meals when battling nausea and to recognize that for some , the odor of cooking foods can be unsettling for the stomach . "  If you have somebody who cooks meals for you , it might be helpful for you to be in a totally different part of the house when they 're cooking if you 're going through a period where the smell of food really bothers you , " says Doyle . Nasser was fortunate enough to have friends and neighbors deliver meals to her house . Once her nausea started to subside she was able to be more adventurous in what she ate . "  I remember calling a friend saying I wanted grape leaves . I remember wanting that tart lemony flavor and only hers were going to do it , " she recalls . Watch Doyle cook in the kitchen " It turns out that tart , strong flavors help with another nagging symptom of cancer therapy : altered taste perception . Like Nasser , some patients experience a metallic taste that will not go away . For others , food might seem tasteless , as if the taste buds have stopped working . For those problems , the cookbook offers recipes like tuna-bean salad that help wake up the taste buds and mask the metallic taste . "  This dish is full of lots of different flavors : strong flavors in the red peppers , the onion , the celery and the tuna itself . ... It also has a real tangy vinaigrette that can help kind of -LSB- push -RSB- that flavor quotient up a bit , " says Doyle . Doyle also suggests marinating meats in Italian salad dressings , or mustard or barbecue sauce , and trying strongly flavored foods such as cranberries , sauerkraut or pickled vegetables . Cooking with glass pans instead of metallic cookware and using plastic utensils instead of silverware might also make a difference . Patients undergoing cancer treatment can also suffer bouts of constipation or diarrhea . One of the best strategies to ease constipation -- a common side effect of chemotherapy , anti-nausea and pain medications -- is to eat foods high in fiber , such as vegetables , fruits  including dried fruit like prunes , raisins or apricots  , beans and nuts . What if diarrhea is a problem ? "  There 's a real concern about becoming dehydrated . So be sure you 're drinking plenty of fluids and that those fluids do n't have caffeine , " says Doyle . Broths , diluted juices , sports drinks -- even Popsicles or gelatin -- can help get some liquid into the system . Foods such as applesauce , rice and bananas can help slow down the digestive tract , as can oatmeal and canned peaches or pears . Avoid greasy , fried or very sugary foods because they can be irritants . Thanksgiving marks four years since Nasser 's days of chemotherapy drips and intravenous needles . Her health today is excellent and neighbors are once again making excuses to stop by during dinnertime in order to bask in the inviting aromas and sample the rich sauces bubbling up from deep pots on her stove top . Nasser , who did n't have the benefit of the cookbook when she was sick , hopes to use her copy only as inspiration and not as a tool for providing relief from the side effects of cancer treatment . "  Hopefully I wo n't need it for that . And if I do , I 'll now know what to do , " she says .	For cancer patients , nutrition is important , but many have a hard time eating American Cancer Society has new cookbook : "  What to Eat During Cancer Treatment " Cookbook contains recipes to help with treatment side effects Recipes aim to combat metallic taste , nausea , constipation , diarrhea , mouth sores
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Archaeologists have discovered what they say is the oldest surviving human brain in Britain , dating back at least 2,000 years to the Iron Age . A representation of the skull generated from the CT scans taken at York Hospital . The remains of the brain were found in a skull unearthed during excavations at York University in northern England , a statement from the university said Friday . The dig site was described by investigators from York Archaeological Trust as being in an extensive prehistoric farming landscape of fields , track ways and buildings dating back to at least 300 BC . They believe the skull , which was found on its own in a muddy pit , may have been a ritual offering . Rachel Cubitt , who was taking part in the dig , described how she felt something move inside the cranium as she cleaned the soil-covered skull 's outer surface . Peering through the base of the skull , she spotted an unusual yellow substance . "  It jogged my memory of a university lecture on the rare survival of ancient brain tissue . We gave the skull special conservation treatment as a result , and sought expert medical opinion , " she said in a statement on York University 's Web site . A sophisticated CT scanner at York Hospital was then used to produce startlingly clear images of the skull 's contents . Philip Duffey , Consultant Neurologist at the Hospital said : "  I 'm amazed and excited that scanning has shown structures which appear to be unequivocally of brain origin . I think that it will be very important to establish how these structures have survived , whether there are traces of biological material within them and , if not , what is their composition . " Dr Sonia O'Connor , Research Fellow in Archaeological Sciences at the University of Bradford added : "  The survival of brain remains where no other soft tissues are preserved is extremely rare . This brain is particularly exciting because it is very well preserved , even though it is the oldest recorded find of this type in the UK , and one of the earliest worldwide . " According to York University , the find is the second major discovery during archaeological investigations on the site of the University 's $ 745 million campus expansion . Earlier this year , the skeleton of a man believed to be one of Britain 's earliest victims of tuberculosis was discovered in a shallow grave . Radiocarbon dating suggests that the man died in the fourth century late-Roman period .	Skull found at site of York University 's $ 745 million campus expansion Investigator spotted an unusual yellow substance inside the skull Hospital scanner used to produce clear images of the brain tissue Expert : Survival of brain remains where no other soft tissues are preserved is rare
Washington  CNN  -- A magazine designed for and by gay military members may soon be displayed at military installations worldwide , an advocacy group announced Monday . "  Our first objective with the magazine is to let all the gay , lesbian , bi , and trans members currently serving know that they are not alone , " an active-duty officer who goes by the pseudonym JD Smith said in a statement . Smith , along with co-director Ty Walrod lead the organization known as OutServe , the group describes themselves as an underground network of actively serving military members of the United States Armed Services who identify as lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender . "  Visibility is key , " Smith said , who added that OutServe hopes to have its next version available in print at "  some larger military bases . " The magazine can currently be downloaded from the internet , the statement said . "  We are not about highlighting our differences . " Smith said the goal of the publication is to demonstrate "  how LGBT troops are proud soldiers , sailors , airmen , Coasties , and Marines just like everyone else . " The magazine will contain features about "  Do n't Ask Do n't Tell " repeal implementation and OutServe chapters , as well as other information of interest to currently-serving LGBT military members , the statement said . "  We also want to communicate to all troops that there are capable gay military members serving honorably , and that accepting that and moving on will make our military stronger , " said Smith . On December 22 , President Barack Obama signed the DADT bill repealing the 17-year-old law . The repeal "  will strengthen our national security and uphold  America 's  ideals , " Obama said . "  No longer will tens of thousands of Americans in uniform be asked to live a lie . " "  Do n't ask-don ' t tell " became law in 1993 , after opposition ballooned to then newly elected President Bill Clinton 's plan to lift the military 's complete ban on gay service members . The policy stopped the practice of asking service members if they are gay , but still called for the dismissal of openly gay service members .	Gay magazine to appear to selected military bases , statement from publisher said Magazines objective is to support LGBT members in the military , said group 's leader OutServe says it is an underground network of actively serving members of the military
