Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming  CNN  -- It 's hard not to stand in complete awe of everything the Earth has to offer when you 're in the middle of Yellowstone National Park . Its most famous geyser , Old Faithful , shoots up into the sky as crowds tilt their heads just to see how high it really can go . The saturated blues and greens of geothermal pools appear to be otherworldly . Towering mountains wrap themselves around the park , providing shelter for wild animals to roam . But below the beauty of Yellowstone , is a volcano powerful enough devastate most of the United States and change the entire world . "  Yellowstone and other volcanoes around the world are called supervolcanoes and the reason is they 're like a super sized drink . It means it 's just big , " says Hank Hessler , a geologist at Yellowstone in the U.S. state of Wyoming . Supervolcano describes a geological phenomenon never witnessed by man . Supervolcanoes are off the charts big when comparing them to a normal volcanic eruption . On May 18 , 1980 , Mount St. Helens in the northwest corner of the United States erupted . It killed 57 people and expelled one cubic kilometer of ash . The first Yellowstone supervolcanic eruption 2.1 million years ago was at least 25,000 times larger than the Mount St. Helens eruption . Two other Yellowstone super eruptions 1.3 million and 640,000 years ago , though smaller than the first one , would still dwarf any normal volcanic eruption . You can monitor Yellowstone activity Few would expect the tranquil national park would actually be sitting on the mouth of a sleeping giant . The physical characteristic of a supervolcano is n't a typical cone-shaped mountainous peak . Instead , supervolcanoes have what are called calderas . These are vast sunken areas that are formed after previous super eruptions as the ground was blown out and fell back to rest . Geophysicist Bob Smith first called Yellowstone a "  living breathing caldera " in 1979 . He now heads the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory at the University of Utah . "  Yellowstone has been very important . It 's my laboratory , " says Smith . He sees Yellowstone as more than a supervolcano , in fact he does n't even like that term . "  I prefer to use the term hotspot because it reflects a zone of concentrated and active volcanism . " Hawaii and Iceland are other examples of hot spots , but Yellowstone is the only hot spot located underneath land rather than sea which has made it easier for Smith to study . His team has setup a series of different sensors around the park so that they can keep a close eye on its vital signs . They measure ground movement and record the frequent earthquakes that occur in the area . The sensors have also helped Smith 's team figure out what they were dealing with . As little as eight kilometers below the surface is a shallow reservoir of solid rock and magma . And below the reservoir is an enormous 57,000-cubic-kilometer plume of very hot rock , the fuel behind every bubbling pool and geyser in Yellowstone . With all of this heat just sitting , waiting beneath Yellowstone , what exactly would it look like if it were all to blow ? Smith and other scientists all have scenarios and every one is bleak . In Smith 's book , "  Windows into the Earth , " he says , "  Devastation would be complete and incomprehensible . " Before the super eruption , large earthquakes would likely swarm the surrounding areas until the huge blast that would erase Yellowstone completely off the map . After the initial eruption , clouds of gas and rock would burn everything in its path with temperatures reaching to hundreds of degrees Celsius . Ashfall would cover the western United States and also enter the jet stream with the potential to cripple air transportation and threaten the world 's food supply . There are some estimates that 87,000 people would die immediately . You can imagine that with this kind of catastrophe on the line , the question Smith gets asked the most is , "  When is going to blow next ? " The three Yellowstone super eruptions have occurred about 800,000 years apart , so people have started to speculate that another one is due . Also , in 2004 Smith noticed that the ground had started to rise then lowered again in 2010 . It was like the supervolcano was breathing . However , Smith says there is absolutely no need to panic . "  We create scenarios . We know roughly what to expect of the patterns of time and space of the earthquakes ground information . Again , acquired from other experiences around the world . We use that to interpret our own data in terms of what the potential threat or risk might be , " says Smith . For him , the more immediate threat is earthquakes and smaller eruptions since the probability of one of those instances occurring is much higher . Whether that may be comforting or not , millions of visitors will still make their way each year to the geological wonderland that is Yellowstone National Park . Physicist Michio Kaku on supervolcano : ` All you can do is run '	Underneath the natural beauty of Yellowstone National Park is a geological time bomb A supervolcano whose previous eruptions were larger than anything seen by man If it erupts some estimates put the immediate death toll at about 87,000 people Three eruptions occurred about 800,000 years apart ; people are speculating another one is due
Refuge opened the UK 's first safe house for abused women and children in west London in 1971 . Back then , domestic violence was still thought of as a private issue , to be dealt with behind closed doors . It was shrouded in myth and misunderstanding . Fast forward 42 years -- and sadly , it seems that very little has changed . Domestic violence takes place every single day , in households across the globe . People often think that it only happens in poor families , but the truth is that domestic violence affects women of all ages , classes and backgrounds . Abusive men are as likely to be lawyers , accountants and judges as they are cleaners or unemployed . Sometimes domestic violence is kept hidden , perpetrated in ways that are difficult to spot to the outside world . Many women have told me that their abusers hit them on parts of their body that do not show , or only become violent when the children are asleep . They tell me that their partners are very charming to other people -- a ` true gentleman ' or an ` all-round nice guy ' . But sometimes domestic violence spills out into the public arena . Abusive men may humiliate their partners in front of friends and family , putting them down , belittling everything they say . Sometimes they use physical force or gestures to intimidate and control their partners in social settings . In these situations , women may try to appease their partners to defuse the situation and reduce the risk of violence . In 2003 , Refuge conducted a survey of 1,000 UK households which found that 42 % of people had witnessed someone being verbally or physically abused by their partner in a social situation . All too often , however , people respond to this type of incident by turning a blind eye . They feel uncomfortable . They do n't call the police . They still regard domestic violence as a ` private ' matter . Shockingly , these attitudes are all too often echoed by the police , social workers and criminal justice professionals -- the very people who have a duty to safeguard the most vulnerable members of our society . Police officers still fail to treat domestic violence as a serious crime . Reports of abuse are routinely dismissed , calls for help are downgraded , and dangerous men are left free to commit violence -- or worse . Refuge is currently working with the family of Maria Stubbings -- a young woman from Chelmsford , eastern England , who was brutally killed by her ex-partner Mark Chivers in 2008 , despite making repeated calls for help to the police  Chivers , who had been convicted of murdering another woman , was later convicted of Maria 's murder  . Together , we are calling on the UK government to open a public inquiry into the response of the police and other state agencies to domestic violence victims . The truth is that domestic violence is a massive social problem . Last year , over one million women were abused in the UK , according to UK government statistics . Every week in England and Wales , two women are killed by current or former partners . Domestic violence is a crime . It is against the law . By failing to speak out against domestic violence , we condone it . We minimise it . We give violent men social permission to continue their abuse . By failing to speak out against domestic violence we also mirror the techniques used by perpetrators , who frequently try to deny or minimise their own behaviour . They may attribute their violence to things like alcohol or stress . They may blame the victim , saying that she ` provoked ' or ` deserved ' the abuse . The truth is that violence is always a choice . No woman is responsible for her abuser 's actions . I have worked with survivors of domestic violence for 35 years . I know that domestic violence is rarely a one-off . We should never ignore that first slap or shove , because over time it can escalate into much worse . In extreme cases , domestic violence can be fatal . It 's important that we recognise the signs of abuse at the earliest opportunities , and help women to get support before the violence escalates . Research shows that strangulation is a key risk factor for domestic homicide . Last year , almost 50 % of the women Refuge supported had been strangled or choked by their abusers . Of course , in many cases , perpetrators do n't use physical violence at all . Emotional abuse can be just as devastating as kicks and punches . The scars it leaves can be deeper , and take longer to heal . If a woman lives in a state of fear , changing her behaviour to avoid making her partner angry , she is being abused . Domestic violence is not a private issue . It is a social issue . It is a political issue . It is a moral issue . Above all , it 's a crime -- a crime as serious as any other violent crime . Domestic violence affects us all . We all have a part to play in ending it .	Sandra Horley is chief executive of Refuge , domestic violence service provider in UK Domestic abuse has often been seen as a private matter , says Horley She says abuse often occurs in public situations and bystanders do nothing
CNN  A former U.S. Navy aircraft carrier that survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts looks remarkably intact at the bottom of the Pacific , according to federal researchers who surveyed the wreck last month with an underwater drone . The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California 's Farallon Islands . Although its location was confirmed by a survey in 2009 , researchers from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration went looking for it again in March as part of a project to map about 300 wrecks that lie in and around the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary . "  After 64 years on the seafloor , Independence sits on the bottom as if ready to launch its planes , " mission leader James Delgado , the maritime heritage director for NOAA 's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries , said in a statement . Indeed , sonar images show what looks to be an airplane on one of the elevators that took planes from the Independence 's hangar deck to its flight deck . The ship sits upright with a slight list to starboard , according to NOAA . NOAA 's survey of the 623-foot-long , 11,000-ton carrier was conducted by the Echo Ranger , an 18.5-foot-long autonomous underwater vehicle provided by the Boeing Co. . The Echo Ranger traveled 30 miles from its base in Half Moon Bay , California , and hovered 150 above the carrier , which lies 2,600 feet below the surface of the Pacific Ocean . The drone used a three-dimensional sonar system provided by Coda Octopus to get images that showed how well the warship has weathered 64 years in the deep . "  This ship fought a long , hard war in the Pacific and after the war was subjected to two atomic blasts that ripped through the ship . It is a reminder of the industrial might and skill of the ` greatest generation ' that sent not only this ship , but their loved ones to war , " Delgado said in the statement . In its 20 years in the Navy , the ship played a role in some of the most important events of World War II , earning eight battle stars in the process , and the dawn of the nuclear age . Independence was seriously damaged by Japanese torpedo planes during the Battle of Tarawa in late 1943 . The ship returned to California for repairs and made it back across the Pacific by July 1944 to participate in the Battle of the Sibuyan Sea and the sinking of one of the Japanese Imperial Navy 's biggest warships , the battleship Musashi . Later , in the Battle of Cape Engano , planes from the Independence were involved in the sinking of four Japanese aircraft carriers . After the war , Independence became part of a fleet used to measure the effects of atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll in the Pacific on July 1 , 1946 . It sat just 560 yards from ground zero in the first test , a 23-kiloton air blast of a fission bomb similar to the one used over Nagasaki , Japan , a year earlier , according to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization . Twenty-four days later , Independence was 1,390 yards from the center of a second atomic blast -- also a 23-kiloton device but an underwater detonation . The ship was later brought back to California for nuclear decontamination before being sunk during the weapons training in 1951 . NOAA said no signs of radioactive contamination were noted during the survey of the sunken carrier last month . The agency has no plans for further missions to the ship , according to the NOAA statement .	USS Independence was sunk in 1951 after weapons tests Carrier was close-in guinea pig to two atomic bomb tests Agency : Ship looks remarkably intact 2,600 feet below surface of the Pacific Ocean
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. military personnel fear that seeking help for mental health problems could harm their careers , according to a survey released Wednesday . An Iraq war veteran takes one of the four medications he is prescribed for post-traumatic stress disorder . Three of five members of the military worry that it would have at least some impact , according to the small online survey conducted for the American Psychiatric Association . About half said they thought other people would think less of them if they sought help for mental health problems . The report was released a day before a scheduled announcement by Defense Secretary Robert Gates aimed at encouraging more service members to seek help for post-combat stress . Pentagon officials said troops who file for security clearances will no longer have to answer a question on the standard application about whether they have been treated for combat-related mental health issues . Currently , if service members say they have received treatment , they must answer the question in an in-depth interview with a security agent . Dr. Carolyn Robinowitz , president of the APA , called the figures in the survey "  alarming " and urged Congress to devote more money to treating mental health problems arising from service in combat zones . One in four of the troops surveyed said he or she knew "  nothing at all about effective mental health treatments for issues that may arise from their service in a war zone , " Robinowitz said . She said a military culture that emphasizes toughness could hinder efforts to get troops to seek help . "  The military has done a good job of having a lot of educational materials around , " she said , but she is not sure the information "  filtered down " to the people who need it . An Army psychiatrist admitted that it is a challenge to get people to seek help . "  Stigma is a problem . We recognize that , " said Col. Elisabeth Cameron Ritchie of the Army surgeon general 's office . "  Anything we can do to decrease the stigma , we want to do . " A clear majority of troops rated their own mental health as good or excellent , but many reported regularly experiencing common symptoms of mental illness , including difficulty sleeping at least twice a week and a lack of interest in daily activities at least twice a week . The findings came on the heels of a much larger study by the RAND Corp. , which found that nearly one in five service members returning from Afghanistan or Iraq had symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder or major depression , but only about half of them sought treatment . That study , "  Invisible Wounds of War , " also said troops feared that seeking help could harm their careers . The APA study , the Military Mental Health Survey , polled troops ' spouses as well as service personnel . One spouse , Monique Rizer , said she experienced migraines and numbness in her face after being left alone with two young children when her husband deployed to Iraq . She saw doctors even though , she said , "  I had a feeling there was n't a neurological problem . " She began to talk with other military spouses about her problems , she said , and was surprised to find that not only were others experiencing stress , some had the same symptoms . "  I was really surprised to find out many of them were going through the same things I was going through . Nobody was really admitting it was more than we could handle , " she said . The survey of 78 members of the military and 113 spouses was conducted online by Harris Interactive on March 5-18 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Gates to announce efforts urging troops to seek more mental care Military personnel fear seeking help for mental health problems could harm careers APA survey : 3 out of 5 military members fear consequences of getting help RAND Corp. study : 1 in 5 Afghanistan or Iraq war vets has psychiatric problems
EW.com  -- For a film with such a straightforward title , "  Man on a Ledge " turns out to be remarkably convoluted . Poised precipitously atop a high-concept premise , Sam Worthington is an escaped convict attempting to prove his innocence in the most elaborate way possible : He climbs out onto a hotel ledge and creates a suicide spectacle/diversion that allows his brother  Jamie Bell  to steal a diamond from an iniquitous real estate baron played with a perpetual scowl by Ed Harris . It 's all ostensibly part of a master plan , as is his requesting Elizabeth Banks ' beleaguered negotiator , but it feels as if the filmmakers have tried to stuff the plots of too many different movies into a single casing that 's already overflowing with eye-rolling improbabilities . Despite the occasional dumb fun -- especially with the heist portions -- the leap of logic required to make it all work is enough to leave your brain pancaked on the sidewalk . C See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sam Worthington is an escaped convict attempting to prove his innocence in "  Man on a Ledge " He climbs out onto a hotel ledge and creates a suicide spectacle/diversion The filmmakers have tried to stuff the plots of too many different movies
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy on Wednesday made his first appearance in Congress since being diagnosed with brain cancer nearly two months ago , casting a single vote to help break a Republican filibuster of an important Medicare bill . Colleagues greeted Kennedy with a lengthy standing ovation on the Senate floor just after 4:15 p.m. . The bill would reverse a 10.6 percent cut in Medicare payments to doctors . The cuts in Medicare payments -- part of a scheduled cost-saving formula -- went into effect July 1 , although the Bush administration said it will hold off processing claims until mid-July to give Congress time to reach a compromise . In a written statement , Kennedy said , "  I return to the Senate today to keep a promise to our senior citizens -- and that 's to protect Medicare . Win , lose or draw , I wanted to be here . I was n't going to take the chance that my vote could make the difference . " Watch the senators applaud Kennedy 's arrival " A vote on the bill before the July 4 recess fell one shy of the 60 needed to clear a Republican filibuster and advance in the Senate . Senate Republicans joined the White House in objecting to the Democratic-backed bill because it trimmed government support for private insurance programs that provide coverage to Medicare patients . The private Medicare programs are a top policy initiative for Republicans . White House spokesman Tony Fratto says the president 's senior advisers would still advise the president to veto the bill in its current form . The vote to end the GOP filibuster on the Medicare bill was 69-30 , nine more than the 60 votes needed and two more than needed to override a presidential veto . The senators agreed to consider the bill passed if the filibuster were broken . Kennedy had surgery to remove a tumor June 2 and is now undergoing chemotherapy and radiation treatment . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid talked to Kennedy 's wife , Vicki , twice since Sunday about having Kennedy return for the vote , the source said . Reid "  was not pushing , just asking , " the source said . Interactive : A closer look at Ted Kennedy " Kennedy is chairman of the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee and is an influential Democrat on health-care issues . Some members of the Democratic leadership thought it would be a "  great idea " if Kennedy were able to return because it would "  buck up " Democratic senators who worked hard to pass the stalled bill , the source said .	NEW : Sen. Kennedy returns to Congress on Wednesday NEW : Kennedy 's vote helps to break GOP filibuster of Medicare bill He was diagnosed with a cancerous brain tumor two months ago
Washington  CNN  -- An oft-repeated statement that the Federal Aviation Administration 's partial shutdown has forced the layoff of 70,000 construction workers is , at best , an over-simplification , and at worst , an exaggeration , according to the expert behind the number . Democratic leaders , and even some Republicans , quoted the 70,000 number frequently this week to emphasize the serious consequences of the shutdown . But George Mason University professor Stephen Fuller , whose 3-year-old study was used by others to arrive at the 70,000 figure , said the estimate includes everything from actual construction workers , who were laid off , to drug store clerks and restaurant waitresses , who might see "  a tiny bit less revenue flow . " The true number of laid-off construction workers is probably one-third of that figure , Fuller told CNN . The rampant use -- and misuse -- of the 70,000 figure is a study in the wondrous ways of Washington , where facts and figures frequently enter the public debate filled with nuance and caveats , all of which are rapidly abandoned in the blazing heat of partisan battle . The 70,000 figure entered the public sphere when the FAA turned to Associated General Contractors of America , a construction industry group , to calculate the economic impact of the FAA funding impasse . The FAA had halted more than 200 construction projects totaling $ 2.5 billion . AGC dusted off the 3-year-old study conducted by Fuller . His research , designed to show the "  multiplier effect " of the president 's stimulus package , concluded in early 2009 that $ 1 billion in nonresidential construction created or supported 28,500 jobs and added $ 3.4 billion to the Gross Domestic Product . An AGC economist applied Fuller 's formula to the FAA 's $ 2.5 billion construction halt and came to the conclusion that it would put "  24,000 construction workers out of work . " Another 11,000 workers in related businesses "  are also affected , " the AGC said , and "  as many as 35,000 jobs will be undermined in the broader economy , from the lunch wagon near the job site to the truck dealership across town . " The total number impacted -- in ways large and small -- was 70,000 , the AGC said . In a subsequent Department of Transportation news releases and statements , the information was abbreviated , losing much of its important nuance . "  AGC estimates that 70,000 construction workers and workers in related fields have been affected , " the DOT reported in one news release . A DOT media advisory blurred the picture stating flatly "  70,000 construction workers and workers in related fields have been laid off . " The number lost even more clarity on Monday , when Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood appeared at a news conference near one shutdown construction project . "  Seventy thousand construction workers are out of work today -- 70,000 ! -- and here we are right smack dab in the middle of the construction season in America , " LaHood said . In a slip of the tongue , LaHood also misstated the purpose of the LaGuardia airport project . "  This tower needs to be built , " he said , gesturing towards a control tower that is being demolished . Others also cited the 70,000 figure . "  More than 70,000 construction jobs around the country ... are on hold , " Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , said in a written statement . Some apparently added the nearly 4,000 FAA employees who have been furloughed to the total . The dispute is "  keeping 74,000 people from working , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Wednesday . Some apparently rounded up . "  Seventy-five thousand people are now over the precipice , " Rep. Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , said at a Wednesday news conference . "  We have 80,000 jobs at least on the line , " said Majority Leader Harry Reid at one briefing Tuesday . President Obama , in comments Wednesday , fudged , referring to "  tens of thousands of construction workers being suspended ... " On Wednesday , the AFL-CIO Executive Council got into the action . In a news release , it said House Republicans "  jeopardized 90,000 airport construction jobs . " Two sentences later , it went for the brass ring : "  Congress must  act  to preserve almost 100,000 American jobs , " it said . ACG spokesman Brian Turmail , a former government spokesman , said he believes the politicians ' misstatements were innocent in nature . "  I do n't have any impression that people are manipulating the numbers , but events are moving so fast that everyone needs to take a deep breath and make sure that we 're all working with the same data , " he said . "  I think everyone 's frustrated that we 're in the predicament . " "  I 'd just want to stress that we have been very careful to explain in all our communications that the 70,000 figure reflects the broader impact of halting airport construction jobs across the country , " Turmail said . Fuller , meanwhile , says the FAA should be able to release the actual number of laid off construction workers , making estimates unnecessary . The 70,000 number , while hard to wrap one 's head around , still might strike some at the FAA as questionably large . It is well above the total number of employees in the agency , which stands at about 47,500 .	Union used the number to indicate "  the broader impact of halting airport construction jobs " The true number of laid-off workers is probably one-third of that figure , expert says Professor says the FAA should be able to release the actual number
Ars Technica  -- Buying a home video game console may soon become a lot more like buying a cell phone , according to a new report suggesting Microsoft is planning to offer a subsidized , $ 99 bundle including a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor to anyone who commits to two years of a new , $ 15 monthly online service package . According to a report from The Verge , which cites unnamed sources , the new subsidized bundle will be available "  as early as next week " in Microsoft 's retail stores . The $ 15 monthly subscription would reportedly include all the online game play features of a current Xbox Live Gold subscription , alongside unspecified additional content from cable or live sports video providers . Such a new content plan could help position the Xbox much more directly as a full-service living room entertainment center , rather than primarily as a video game system . That 's a transition Microsoft has been signaling for years with its slow accumulation of online entertainment apps , and one that seems somewhat natural given that entertainment apps are already more popular than online gaming on the Xbox 360 . The report also fits with a recent leak that suggested Microsoft would be rolling out a "  strategy to further monetize  the  Xbox subscriber base " in time for the holiday season . The total two-year cost for the subsidized bundle as described comes in at $ 459 , compared to the $ 418 Microsoft currently charges for a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect bundle  $ 299  and two years of Xbox Live Gold  $ 59/year  . Whether that extra cost would be worthwhile depends largely on the precise features Microsoft offers for the new monthly subscribers , and how comfortable consumers are with being essentially locked to their game system for a two-year period  Microsoft would reportedly mimic cell phone providers in charging an early termination fee to those who decide to drop out before the term is up  . Economical or not , such a move would represent a major change in the way game consoles are presented to consumers . Rather than offering hardware as a loss-leader for the eventual sale of games and accessories , Microsoft would essentially be subsidizing Xbox 360 sales to attract the potentially much more lucrative flow of monthly video subscription revenue . Given the relative sizes of the current markets for console games versus video services , that might not be such a crazy idea . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Report : Microsoft will offer $ 99 Kinect with $ 15 per month online service charge The move could position Xbox as the center of living room entertainment CNN has not confirmed the report , which comes from The Verge
CNN  -- The roadside bomb that smashed into Army Sgt. Brian Saaristo 's Humvee in northern Iraq two years ago ripped off both legs below the knee . Retired Army Sgt. Brian Saaristo , who lost both legs to a roadside bomb , meets with a doctor in Minnesota . Now he 's 45 , living in retirement in Minnesota and confronting the rest of his life without the use of his legs . Yet he worries mainly about the thousands of younger U.S. service members who also have been maimed by makeshift bombs in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Younger ones are taking it harder , " Saaristo said . "  They feel they do n't have the rest of their lives . " Roadside bombs and other homemade explosives have been a deadly staple of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , killing or wounding thousands of U.S. service members and civilians . Such improvised explosives devices -- "  IEDs " to the military -- are the "  weapon of choice " for insurgents , U.S. officials say . They 're mostly cheap , easy to build and triggered by simple remote control . Protecting U.S. troops from such bombs is a top priority at the Pentagon . It has spent $ 14 billion in the past four years to fight homemade bombs . It even created an agency for that purpose -- the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization . That agency has had some success , a new report says , but insurgents continue to kill and maim U.S. service members with homemade bombs , in part because the bombs fulfill their purpose and it is easy to acquire the materials used to construct them . The report came from a subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee . It followed two years of hearings and study . The number of IED attacks has dropped in Iraq and gone up in Afghanistan , said Irene Smith , a spokeswoman for the IED organization . Yet there are more than 1,400 such attacks a month in Iraq and Afghanistan and an additional 350 elsewhere , a sign that insurgents continue to rely on them . "  We are in a long war , a persistent conflict with a group of insurgents who want to wear down our will so we quit -- the purpose of an IED , " she said . "  The enemy recognizes IEDs as the weapon of choice . " The IED agency has developed and fielded electronic jammers that prevent the bomb 's trigger signal from reaching the explosive , the congressional report said . It also has pursued better vehicle armor . The agency has been developing intelligence , fostering police work , funding surveillance and attacking insurgent networks that produce and set up the bombs . It has been involved in training troops on how to confront and look for the weapon . Yet the report said the group needs to improve the way it measures its performance , because it is n't clear in many cases whether the group 's actions or other factors have led to various strides in confronting roadside bombs . The report also said the organization needs to widen its authority to include other agencies that confront roadside bombs , and get better oversight . Smith , the spokeswoman for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization , agrees with these conclusions . She said the organization appreciates the opportunity to work with the Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress , "  to identify and resolve any problem areas in our processes . " She said the cooperation among agencies is crucial . "  Global terrorism will continue to manifest itself through use of IEDs , " she said .	Number of homemade bomb attacks down in Iraq , up in Afghanistan Pentagon says $ 14 billion spent in past four years to combat homemade bombs Electronic detection , vehicles with more armor cut casualties
Shortly after O.J. Simpson was charged with the murders of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and Ronald Goldman , gruesome killings turned into a manhunt . Simpson -- a Heisman Trophy winner , NFL Hall-of-Famer and actor -- was missing . Police declared Simpson a fugitive , and hours later , the infamous low-speed chase began . Approximately 6:45 p.m. on June 17 , 1994 , police saw Simpson on the expressway in a white Ford Bronco driven by his best friend and former teammate , Al Cowlings . Simpson was riding in the back , and he reportedly had a gun . With the cavalcade of police cars in pursuit , TV helicopters swooped in to join the chase . The 60-mile , low-speed pursuit through southern Los Angeles would go down in television history . Nearly 20 years later , here are five things that might surprise you about the chase . Fast facts : O.J. Simpson 1 . The Bronco chase and subsequent "  not guilty " verdict are among the most memorable TV moments in the past 50 years . The Simpson verdict was the third most "  universally impactful " televised moment of the last 50 years behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , according to a survey by Nielsen and Sony . Big shift in attitude toward O.J. Simpson Simpson 's white Bronco chase came in sixth , behind the Challenger space shuttle disaster and the death of Osama bin Laden . The survey scored each big televised event based on how many people viewed the event live , how many could recall details about where they were during the event and how many people who could remember talking about it with other people . 2 . The Bronco chase dominated sports coverage on a day with major sports news . On June 17 , 1994 , legendary golfer Arnold Palmer played his last round at the U.S. Open , the World Cup opened in Chicago , the Rangers celebrated winning the Stanley Cup , the Knicks played game five of the NBA finals against the Houston Rockets , and Ken Griffey Jr. tied Babe Ruth for the most home runs hit before June 30 . ESPN covered the other big sporting news , but jumped back and forth for frequent updates on the chase . NBC continued coverage of the NBA finals , but the game appeared in a small box in the corner while Tom Brokaw anchored coverage of the Bronco chase . 3 . Domino 's Pizza reported record sales of pizza delivery during the chase . Presumably because people were glued to the TV set , not wanting to miss anything , they ordered pizza . "  It was a record night at the time . It was dinner time on the West Coast and 9 p.m. on the East . People were fascinated and did n't want to miss it . It was as big as a Super Bowl Sunday up to that point , " said Tim McIntyre , vice president of corporate communications for Domino 's Pizza . 4 . Robert Kardashian , father of Kourtney , Kim , Khloé and Rob , was O. J. Simpson 's friend . He read a note by Simpson on the day of the chase and served with his defense team during Simpson 's murder trial . When Simpson failed to turn himself in on the day of the case , Robert Kardashian read a letter by Simpson to the media . This letter was interpreted by many as a suicide note : "  To whom it may concern , first , everyone understand I had nothing to do with Nicole 's murder . ... Do n't feel sorry for me . I 've had a great life , great friends . Please think of the real O.J. and not this lost person . Thanks for making my life special . I hope I helped yours , " he read . 5 . O.J. Simpson said he was not running , but he had some interesting items with him when the chase ended . During the chase , on the phone with LAPD Detective Tom Lange , Simpson said , " ... you let the police know , you let them all know , I was n't running . " When Cowlings pulled into Simpson 's driveway , police were waiting . The sun set , and Simpson was still holed up in the car . Police did n't approach the Bronco . Simpson had a gun , and they wanted to avoid a potentially violent end . Finally , two hours after police first spotted him , Simpson emerged from the Bronco . Clutching family photos , he staggered out of his car and collapsed into officers ' arms . In Cowlings ' pockets , police found almost $ 9,000 in cash . In the Bronco , police found a fake goatee and mustache with a bottle of makeup adhesive and receipts from a beauty store , along with Simpson 's passport and the gun . Where were you when the O.J. chase was going on ? Tell us what you remember in the comments below .	O.J. Simpson car chase took place nearly 20 years ago , on June 17 , 1994 The chase happened hours after O.J. Simpson was charged with double murder The chase and subsequent "  not guilty " verdict are among the most memorable TV moments
Forty years ago this Sunday , the Watergate break-in began the downward spiral of the Richard M. Nixon administration , ending with the disgraced president 's resignation a little more than two years later . On the night of June 17 , 1972 , the Washington hotel served as a base for an illegal break-in by operatives of the Nixon re-election campaign at the offices of the Democratic National Committee , located in the Watergate office building next door . Five burglars were arrested . Rookie Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein used leaked information from a source they dubbed "  Deep Throat " in hundreds of articles about the ensuing scandal . On Thursday , personnel files of W. Mark Felt , who identified himself as "  Deep Throat , " were posted on the FBI 's online records site called The Vault . "  Deep Throat " became a part of the American lexicon . The film "  All the President 's Men " made famous the late-night parking garage conversations Woodward had with the mystery man . Woodward , Bernstein and Felt kept the identity of "  Deep Throat " a secret until 2005 , when Felt told Vanity Fair he was the source . Felt died in 2008 at age 95 . On Monday , Woodward and Bernstein spoke of Felt 's contribution to their coverage . "  We had uncovered the story , " Bernstein said at a program put on by the Post . "  He did contribute key details at various points . " "  He gave us this assurance that we knew we were right , " Bernstein added . "  He confirmed these things and it eliminated a lot of doubt that I think we might have had . " But Woodward said Bernstein 's discovery of the bookkeeper for Nixon 's re-election campaign was "  the real turning point in the coverage of Watergate . " The bookkeeper , Woodward said , had details of who controlled and received money . Felt , who joined the FBI in the early 1940s , was its associate director at the time of the burglary . Felt said he was unhappy with the way the administration meddled with the investigation into the break-in , which led him to divulge information to the newspaper . "  I 'm proud of everything that Deep Throat did , " Felt , then 92 , told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in 2006 , his first public interview on the subject . When King asked Felt whether he felt he had done anything wrong in going outside approved channels to get information out , Felt was unequivocal . "  I thought I was doing the right thing , " he said Felt , who retired from the FBI in 1973 , had his own legal problems . He was convicted in 1980 on conspiracy charges for authorizing government agents to break into homes without search warrants in a hunt for bombing suspects in 1972 and 1973 . When the case went to trial , former President Nixon testified on Felt 's behalf . Felt was eventually pardoned in 1981 by President Ronald Reagan . When asked how he would like to be remembered , Felt said , "  I 'd like to be remembered as a government employee who did his best to help everybody . " The FBI Vault file covers Felt 's personnel file from 1941 to 1978 and a 1956 investigation into an extortion threat made against Felt .	FBI posts personnel records of former associate director W. Mark Felt Felt in late life identified himself as "  Deep Throat " "  Deep Throat " was a vital source of information for coverage of the scandal
CNN  -- The tension of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict could be felt on CNN on Saturday morning when a prominent Palestinian-Canadian human rights attorney refused to appear on screen with a representative of the Israeli government . On CNN 's "  New Day Saturday , " Diana Buttu -- a former legal adviser to the Palestinian Liberation Organization -- said she would not go on television at the same time as "  an Israeli government spokesperson who defends the indefensible . " The two would have appeared on a split screen . Buttu was speaking from Nazareth , while Mark Regev -- the Israeli spokesman -- was in Jerusalem . "  This is n't just a question of talking and sitting down in the same room but the fact that Israel has denied the freedom to millions of Palestinians for decades now , " Buttu said . While it 's not uncommon for advocates in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to refuse to appear beside people with opposing viewpoints , these situations highlight the increasingly intractable nature of the conflict . Violence has sharply increased in the region since three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped last month in the West Bank and found dead this week . Two days later , a Palestinian teen was taken in Jerusalem and found dead ; an autopsy revealed he was burned alive and hit with a blunt object to the head . Buttu was highly critical of Israel 's airstrikes in response to the West Bank kidnappings , but did condemn Palestinians who are calling for a third intifada , or uprising . "  What every  Israeli  government spokesperson has been doing has been defending the collective punishment that they 've meted out on thousands of Palestinians in the West Bank , " Buttu said . Regev , who spoke after Buttu , said communication between the two sides is a necessary part of the peace process . "  I think the only way we can overcome the problems is by dialogue , by talking -- by Israelis and Palestinians engaging , " Regev said . "  I know there 's an extremist element on the Palestinian side that refuses to that . " Regev also criticized the recently formed unity government between Fatah , which governs the West Bank , and Hamas , which controls Gaza and is labeled a terrorist organization by the United States and the European Union . "  We 're ready for peace , we 're ready for dialogue , " Regev said . "  What is the problem ? On the Palestinian side there 's a tolerance for this extremism . " Palestinian teen burned alive , autopsy shows Who were the Israeli teens killed ? Abducted , killed Palestinian teenager described as kind , beloved	Former legal adviser to the PLO refuses to appear on CNN with Israeli government official Tensions have been on the rise since four teens , three Israeli and one Palestinian , were killed Israeli spokesman calls for dialogue , criticizes Hamas-Fatah unity government
CNN  -- Defending champion Serena Williams breezed past Germany 's Angelique Kerber in her opening match at the WTA Championships in Istanbul 's Sinan Erdem Dome on Tuesday . The world No. 1 needed just 65 minutes to overpower the World No. 9 winning 6-3 , 6-1 as she looks to seal a fourth WTA Championships crown and an incredible 11th title this season . "  I feel really good -- I think I served very well -- and she 's beaten me before so I was just a little nervous and so focused going into this match . I felt like I was going to have to play well to win , " Williams said . "  I 'm actually happy about my match and I never say that ! I 'm really excited about that . I 've been working really hard since the Open and hopefully I can continue with that here . " Earlier , World No. 2 Victoria Azarenka was made to work a little harder against Sara Errani . The Belarusian eventually came thorough 7-6 , 6-2 but only after her Italian opponent sustained a calf injury at the start of the second set . Errani battled bravely but could n't stop Azarenka bringing an end to a three-match losing streak which began at the U.S. Open final where she lost to Williams . That defeat was followed by consecutive first round exits at events in Tokyo , where she lost to sister Venus before she was dumped out in the first round of the China Open in Beijing by Germany 's Andrea Petkovic . "  I was missing a little bit too much at the beginning but I turned it around , " Azarenka said after beating Errani . "  It was a little bit difficult to focus in the second set because I did n't know what was going on  with Errani 's injury  . Even after the time-out , she was returning unbelievably and fought until the last point . " Sixth seed Petra Kvitova had a good head-to-head record going into her match against Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska and once again came out on top . The Czech triumphed in straight sets 6-4 , 6-4 to improve her match record against the World No. 4 to 5-1 and secure her 50th win in a WTA match this year . The season finale features the top eight singles players and the top four doubles pairings who are competing for a $ 6 million prize pot . Wawrinka crashes out in Basel Two ATP Tour 500 events are taking place this week as the top men look to secure their place at the season-ending World Tour Finals at the O2 Arena in London which start on November 4 . Home favorite Stanislas Wawrinka crashed out in the first round of the World Tour 500 event in Basel , Switzerland going down in straight sets 6-4 , 6-3 to Edouard Roger-Vasselin of France . The Swiss No. 2 is currently eighth in the rankings , but seventh in the Race to London given that Andy Murray has withdrawn from the event . Wawrinka can secure his place at the London finals with a good showing at the Paris Masters next week . Read more : Andy Murray to step up comeback Tomas Berdych also suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Croatian Ivo Karlovic . The 34-year-old veteran dispatched the World No. 6 4-6 , 7-6 , 7-6 . Berdych would have guaranteed a place at the World Tour Finals in London if he had reached the semifinals in Basel , but will now have wait until next week to seal a top eight slot . Elsewhere , there were comfortable wins for Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis who overcame Germany 's Benjamin Becker 7-6 , 6-1 , and Croatia 's Ivan Dodig , who is through to the second round after his opponent Carlos Berlocq retired after two games . Meanwhile at the ATP Tour event in Valencia , Spain 's Nicolas Almagro is safely through to the second round after beating compatriot Pablo Andujar 6-2 , 6-3 . But there was disappointment for the Spanish crowd as Fernando Verdasco went down 6-3 7-6 to Polish qualifier Michal Przysiezny and Feliciano Lopez lost out 6-3 , 6-1 to France 's Julien Benneteau . Przysiezny 's compatriot Jerzy Janowicz also overcame Spanish opposition defeating Pablo Carreno 7-5 , 7-6 . Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny is through to the second round after Bernard Tomic retired . The Australian pulled out of the match when he was trailing 4-1 in the final set .	Serena Williams starts defense of WTA Championship title with win over Angelique Kerber World No. 2 Victoria Azarenka also a winner on Tuesday beating Sara Errani 7-6 , 6-2 Stanislas Wawrinka crashes out of home ATP Tour 500 event in Basel , Switzerland
CNN  -- The president of Sudan declared a state of emergency Sunday for cities along the hotly contested border with South Sudan , where Sudanese fighter jets launched at least one attack against their neighbor 's ground forces . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir said the state of emergency covers cities in the provinces of South Kordofan , White Nile , and Sinnar , which are on the eastern half of its border with South Sudan . A journalist in South Sudan 's Unity state , just over the border from South Kordofan , reported coming under attack by Sudanese helicopter gunships and MiG fighter jets Sunday morning . Robyn Kriel said she was traveling to the front line with the Sudan People 's Liberation Army of South Sudan when they came under heavy fire for 15 minutes . They all took cover in trenches dug by the army , she told CNN . The SPLA was poorly equipped for the fight , she reported . Soldiers used anti-aircraft missiles and even hand-held weapons that they fired in the air , she said . At least four SPLA soldiers were hurt in the attack , she said . The South Sudanese military reported another attack on Unity state Saturday , though a Sudanese military spokesman denied it was involved . South Sudan split from Sudan last year as part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of war in Africa 's largest nation . The war left 2 million people dead and ended with the peace agreement that included an independence referendum for the south . Significant issues between the countries remain unresolved , however , including status of their citizens , division of national debt , disputed border areas and sharing of oil wealth . Tensions peaked this month when South Sudan seized the oil-producing region of Heglig , a resource that fuels the economies of both nations , from its northern neighbor . Heglig oil facilities account for about half of Sudan 's production of 115,000 barrels a day . South Sudanese forces withdrew days later after Sudan lodged protests with the United Nations and African Union , but South Sudan said it continued to come under aerial and ground attack .	A journalist in South Sudan says Sudanese forces attacked them Sunday She was interviewing South Sudan soldiers near the border Tensions peaked this month after South Sudan seized the Heglig oil fields
GAINESVILLE , Florida  CNN  -- It has been 48 hours since college student Andrew Meyer was stunned with a Taser during a forum with Sen. John Kerry , and some students are still in shock over what happened . University of Florida student Dayron Leon took this photo of Tuesday 's student protest . But other students at the University of Florida are already tired of hearing about it . While about 350 students protested the incident Tuesday , the opinions on campus seem to be evenly divided over whether the officers acted properly . On the popular online networking Web site Facebook.com , students from around the nation have already created more than 80 groups discussing what happened Monday . Even among those groups , the count is almost split between the number who oppose the police 's action and those who support their decision . "  I was pretty horrified by what happened . I was shocked that the people we are supposed to trust would turn against us , " said Vanessa Wood , a freshman who is majoring in psychology . This is what I saw at the Kerry forum on Monday : Meyer , a 21-year-old telecommunications major , jumped up to the microphone already flanked by University Police . He interrupted another student 's question , and although Kerry had earlier said he was taking no more questions , he told Meyer he 'd take his comments next . Kerry asked the police to allow Meyer to speak . When it was his turn , Meyer first asked about the 2004 presidential election and followed with statements about whether President Bush should be impeached . At that moment the microphone was turned off and police began to take Meyer out of the auditorium . Meyer then started to struggle with the officers . As they pulled him toward the exit , Meyer broke free and tried to get away . At that point , six officers tackled Meyer to the ground and told him to roll over . He continued to yell for help and a female officer warned Meyer if he did not stop he would be Tased . He kept yelling and one of the other officers gave the order to Tase him . The audience remained seated and watching the confrontation until they heard the loud zap of the Taser . Then several people at the event started yelling at the officers . "  I was startled by the noise , considering what was happening in front of me . And after they Tasered him there was a stench that was not overpowering but it was unsettling , " said Ben Omar , a University of Florida graduate student . The videotape of Meyer screaming as he was shocked quickly got the attention of news services and became a YouTube hit . Campus rumors now circulate that Meyer , known as being a prankster , was simply trying to be obnoxious and get attention at the Kerry speech . Meyer spent a night in jail on charges of disturbing the peace and resisting an officer . Later , the school 's president , Bernard Machen , said two police officers involved were placed on administrative leave . Since the incident , Meyer has kept a low profile . But other students have n't been so quiet , with Tuesday 's rally protesting what the students ' claimed was a case of police brutality and another rally being planned . "  I am glad that we are starting a civil discourse debate , because this is a subject that needs to be addressed , " Omar said . E-mail to a friend	About 350 students protest police use of Taser on student Campus seems evenly divided on whether police acted correctly Case is the talk of the University of Florida
CNN  -- The head of a football anti-racism group has called for the English Football Association to charge Liverpool with bringing the game into disrepute over the club 's response to Luis Suarez 's eight-match ban for using racist language at Patrice Evra . On the day that Suarez issued a brief apology over the incident , Piara Powar , executive director of European football 's anti-discrimination body FARE , spoke of his disappointment at Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish 's attitude to the suspension . "  Kenny Dalglish 's comments over the affair have been undignified and their reaction has damaged the club 's brand across the world , " Powar told the Professional Footballers ' Association 's official website . Suarez gave ` unreliable ' evidence "  This is a lack of respect for the governing body by Liverpool and the FA should charge them and manager Kenny Dalglish . " Powar continued : "  Liverpool have been too keen to support their man and in doing so have whipped up a sense of paranoia amongst their fans . "  For the club to be so aggressively militate against what looks to most people a considered judgment from the English FA leads to a potential for anarchy . " The comments came after Suarez issued a brief apology on the official Liverpool website , saying : "  I admitted to the FA commission that I said a word in Spanish once and only once . "  I told the panel members that I will not use it again on a football pitch in England . I never , ever used this word in a derogatory way and if it offends anyone then I want to apologize for that . " Suarez pointedly did not apologize to Evra , or mention the Manchester United defender in his statement , prompting Lord Ouseley , the chairman of British football 's anti-racism group Kick It Out , to call the apology "  lamentable . " "  Suarez 's attempt at a belated apology is nothing short of lamentable , " Ouseley told the Guardian newspaper . "  I can not believe that a club of Liverpool 's stature , and with how it has previously led on matters of social injustice and inequality , can allow its integrity and credibility to be debased by such crass and ill-considered responses . " Although Liverpool decided not to appeal against Suarez 's suspension , Dalglish has publicly expressed his disappointment over the ruling and questioned the FA 's reasoning for its ruling . Suarez 's Liverpool teammates also courted controversy before it was announced , publicly supporting the Uruguay striker by wearing t-shirts bearing his name prior to the match against Wigan .	An anti-racism chief has called for Liverpool to be charged over Luis Suarez affair Piara Powar of FARE is unhappy with Liverpool 's response to Suarez 's suspension Suarez was banned for eight matches after being found guilty of using racist language
Los Angeles  CNN  -- For 53 hours this weekend and early Monday , a 10-mile stretch of Interstate 405 will be closed in western Los Angeles for a bridge demolition . You would think the world is coming to an end . The project -- dubbed "  Carmageddon " -- has brought countdown clocks , traffic apps , detour maps and warnings to stay away or enjoy the weekend on the couch . Amtrak and JetBlue are offering specials to get away from it all . The good news ? With the aim of eventually reducing traffic congestion , the northbound section of the freeway between U.S. 101 and Interstate 10 will be closed Saturday and Sunday for the demolition of the Mulholland Drive Bridge . The weekend work will clear the way for the widening of the freeway through the Sepulveda Pass . A northbound high-occupancy vehicle lane also will be added . The bad news ? With historic traffic backups expected , the northbound section of the freeway between U.S. 101 and Interstate 10 will be closed Saturday and Sunday for the demolition of the Mulholland Drive Bridge . "  Severe traffic conditions are anticipated in local and regional areas during the weekend of the full freeway closure , " Metro warns on its website . The 405 freeway , which hosts about 500,000 cars a day , stretches from the San Fernando Valley south into many of the city 's posh neighborhoods , including Beverly Hills and Bel Air , and on to Irvine . A four-mile southbound section will be closed between U.S. 101 and Getty Center Drive ramps . Los Angeles International Airport is urging travelers to get there by public transit , especially rail , or to stay at nearby hotels for early morning flights . The Los Angeles Fire Department is adding 200 firefighters so they can quickly respond to 911 calls around the areas affected by the closure , CNN L.A. affiliate KABC reported . Of course , it may not be all bad . Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa 's Facebook page links to "  405 Things to Do , " brought to you by the Los Angeles Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  The 405 closure is the perfect opportunity to discover ... and rediscover ... the great activities , restaurants , shops and sites close to home in the many unique neighborhoods of Los Angeles County , " the page touts . "  Over the next few days leading up to the 405 closure , we will be adding 50 suggestions per day . " JetBlue is offering $ 4 fares each way from Burbank to Long Beach on Saturday and Sunday . Amtrak California offers coach passengers a 50 % discount on trains traveling between Los Angeles Union Station and Burbank Bob Hope Airport . There is an app , or several , for "  Carmageddon . " KABC has partnered with Waze to help navigate the traffic . "  The app provides free turn-by-turn GPS navigation based on the live conditions of the road , " the station said . Twitter titan and actor Ashton Kutcher has gotten into the act : "  LAPD askd me 2tweet : 405fwy btwn 10 & 101 will b closed July16-17 . In xchange I would like a free pass on that stoplight tickt IT WAS YELLOW . " For those venturing out , it 's all about the proper attitude . The Automobile Club of Southern California , while urging motorists to stay away from the construction zone , has provided tips for those driving Southern California roadways this weekend . It suggested leaving home early , listening to calming music and news updates or stopping at a restaurant or park for a break , if necessary . "  Avoid directing anger at other drivers , even if they are discourteous or distracted , " AAA said . "  Concentrate on your own driving . "	NEW : AAA advises motorists to be courteous Major freeway project this weekend in Los Angeles Interstate 405 work will cause backups throughout the region People are being warned to plan , avoid the area or stay home
Two friends of Boston Marathon bombings suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty in Friday to a superseding federal indictment charging them with conspiracy to obstruct justice and obstructing justice with intent to impede authorities . A third friend , Robel Phillipos , pleaded not guilty to making false statements to FBI agents during the bombings investigation . Dias Kadyrbayev and Azamat Tazhayakov previously voiced their not guilty pleas on each of the counts during their arraignment on Aug. 13 , but had to reenter their pleas in Boston to the new indictment , which added Phillipos . Phillipos remains free on $ 100,000 bond and is being monitored electronically . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov are Kazakh nationals and are being held without bail . The two roommates began attending the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth the same semester as Tsarnaev . They were taken into custody this spring along with Phillipos , a friend of Tsarnaev 's from Cambridge . "  My client is just as shocked and horrified as the rest of us about what happened , " said Kadyrbayev 's lawyer , Robert Stahl . "  He just hopes the American justice prevails and he can return home to his family . " Arkady Bukh , Tazhayakov 's attorney , said , "  My client was very cooperative with the government . " Phillipos ' attorneys , Derege Demissie and Susan Church , said in a statement that the indictment showed that his client "  had nothing to do whatsoever with the Boston Marathon Bombing or destroying any evidence afterwards . " "  In the end , it will be clear that this prosecution should never have been brought in the first place . " Authorities accuse the trio of helping Tsarnaev after the deadly April 15 bombing by taking items from his dorm room and keeping them from authorities . This occurred shortly before Tsarnaev was taken into custody after a tense , late-night standoff in Watertown . He and his brother -- who died after a confrontation with police -- are accused of planting two bombs near the Boston Marathon finish line that left three people dead and more than 260 wounded , then killing a campus police officer days later . Authorities allege on April 18 , three days before the FBI searched Tsarnaev 's dorm room , Kadyrbayev showed Tazhayakov a text message from Tsarnaev that read , in part , "  If yu want yu can go to my room and take what 's there " followed by a smiley face emoticon . That day , the trio allegedly went into the dorm , took Tsarnaev 's laptop , as well as a backpack containing Vaseline , a thumb drive , fireworks and a "  homework assignment sheet " and took and took them back to Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov 's New Bedford apartment , the federal indictment against them states . "  The fireworks container has been opened and manipulated , " the indictment says . "  As a result , some of the explosive powder was visible . " Kadyrbayev told his friends that he believed Tsarnaev "  used the Vaseline ` to make bombs , ' or words to that effect , " says the indictment . Either that night or early the next day , with Tazhayakov 's knowledge , Kadyrbayev tossed the backpack in a dumpster , according to the charges . Phillipos is charged with lying to federal agents investigating the bombing , concealing the fact that he , Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov had gone into Tsarnaev 's room and removed the backpack , the indictment says . If convicted , Phillipos faces a maximum penalty of up to 16 years in federal prison . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov face a maximum penalty of 25 years and also face the possibility of being deported to Kazakhstan . Their next court date is Oct. 29 . Tsarnaev awaits trial , having pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charges tied to the bombing and the subsequent pursuit of he and his brother , Tamerlan .	Dias Kadyrbayev and Azamat Tazhayakov enter not guilty pleas in federal court They face obstruction charges for allegedly helping Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Tsarnaev is accused in the deadly Boston Marathon bombings Robel Phillipos pleads not guilty to making false statements
Michelle Obama 's not just embracing her half-century milestone , she 's relishing it . Describing herself as "  50 and fabulous , " the "  Let 's Move " creator is getting ready to move herself on Saturday -- as in show off some dance moves -- with a big birthday celebration at the White House . "  I have never felt more confident in myself , more clear on who I am as a woman , " the first lady told Parade magazine last summer when asked about approaching the big 5-0 . That confidence was on full display when she recently took on the topic of aging and whether she 'd ever consider plastic surgery . "  Women should have the freedom to do whatever they need to do to feel good about themselves , " Obama said in an interview with People magazine set to release on Friday , her birthday . "  Right now , I do n't imagine that I would go that route , but I 've also learned to never say never . " And when asked if she has peaked at 50 , she joked that first lady is "  pretty high up , " but said she 's always felt her life is "  ever-evolving . " "  I 've got to keep figuring out ways to have an impact , whether as a mother or as a professional or as a mentor to other kids , " said Obama , who has made talking with teens and increasing the college graduation rate among her major issues during her husband 's second term as president . Michelle Obama has plenty of fabulous company when it comes to celebrating a milestone birthday in 2014 , with a host of amazing women including Sandra Bullock , Elle Macpherson , philanthropist Melinda Gates , California Attorney General Kamala Harris and Susan Rice , President Obama 's national security adviser , all turning 50 this year .  Check out the gallery above showcasing 50 women celebrating 50 in 2014 ! Some , like Macpherson , are welcoming middle age . "  I rather like the idea of flowing on with life . I have had amazing life experiences and hopefully another 50 years of experiences ahead of me , " she told Contact Music in May 2012 . PHOTOS : Michelle Obama graces magazine covers Others , like Courteney Cox , are n't so psyched . "  That 's gon na be brutal , " Cox told New You Magazine back in 2012 , referring to her 50th birthday in June . "  I 'm not that interested in that ! That sounds different . It feels different . " So how does 50 feel ? Is 50 today a whole lot different than the age 50 of 20 or 30 years ago ? We asked women across the country who have already reached the half-century milestone to weigh in , and most agreed with Obama : 50 really is fabulous . '50 is the new 40 ' Sharon Greenthal , managing partner and editor-in-chief for MidLife Boulevard , an online magazine focusing on the lives of women older than 40 , wrote a widely read post back in 2012 titled "  How to turn 50 . " "  The way to turn 50 is to embrace it , " she wrote as she turned 50 that year . In an interview , Greenthal , a former stay-at-home mom with two grown children in Los Angeles who became an editor after turning 50 , said 50 today is dramatically different than 50 of a few decades ago . PHOTOS : 50 people who turned 50 last year "  I think 30 years ago or so , you were moving into the phase of your life where things were really slowing down , " she said . "  I feel like my life is just really speeding up now ... because I do n't have the responsibilities of caring for other people anymore . I can really take care of myself and my husband and we can enjoy being 50-plus . I do n't think there 's anything old about 50 at all . " Louise Sattler , a mom of two grown children in southern California who hit the big 5-0 in 2009 , agrees . "  50 is like the new 40 , " Sattler said . "  I think because we now know octogenarians and we know people well on the cusp of 100 that 50 seems kind of like your second act . It does not seem like a two-thirds point . " For her 50th , Sattler wrote a list of 50 fabulous things she would do in her 50th year , which included eating spicy Indian food for the first time , wearing the "  crazy beaded necklace and earrings " she bought on Venice Beach and buying new dishes "  just because . " Also on that list , she said , was making an impact . After battling thyroid cancer when she was 51 , the psychologist decided to do something new . Already the owner of Signing Families , an organization that specializes in sign language education , she decided to focus her efforts on training first responders to communicate with special needs populations . She now travels the country working with first responders . "  50 was a wake-up call to do something for me that was kind of how I want my legacy to be , " she said . "  That was one of the things that I said : You 've got to start doing things that are important versus just to make a dollar . " ` As cantankerous as I want to be ! ' But for many , turning 50 is about as welcome as cleaning the bathroom , doing taxes or having a tooth pulled . "  50 sucks ... Everything either hurts or does n't work , " said Nancy Rudy , in response to a post on CNN 's Facebook page . Sue Scheff , a parenting author and advocate in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida , just turned 52 . Fifty is "  only a number " but the experience can be different "  depending on where you are in life , " she said on Facebook . "  If you are single , finding a date is difficult . Men want women in their 30s , " Scheff said . "  If you are job hunting , employers want people out of college . "  50 is an age you ` learn ' to embrace or it can get you really down since you think , ` Heck , I am halfway through my life . What do I want to do when I grow up ? ' " Said Jeanne Rog on CNN 's Facebook page , "  The only good thing about hitting my 50s is that I can be as cantankerous as I want to be ! " Whether they 're embracing 50 or wishing it would go away , people seem to agree on one thing -- 50 means letting go of caring about what others think . "  I do n't question how others are perceiving me , " said Greenthal , author of the "  How to Turn 50 " blog post . "  I know that I am the best person I can be and that 's really the gift of being older is being comfortable with who you are . " And that comfort in your own skin gets even stronger after 50 , says Tish Howard , a retired school principal . "  Fifty means testing your wings of independence and some selfish , long-earned indulgence . But at 60 , you learn to soar unshackled of anyone else 's opinion of what is you but yours , " said Howard of Fredericksburg , Virginia . The big 5-0 is just a few years away for me , but I 'm fully in the "  embrace it " camp . I 'm already telling friends to keep their calendars open for my dance-all-night disco party and not caring what anyone thinks of the idea ! How do you feel about turning 50 ? Share your thoughts in the comments , or with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Michelle Obama turns 50 on January 17 About turning 50 , the first lady says "  she 's never felt more confident " in herself Many women 50 and older relish the midcentury milestone : 50 is the new 40 Others dread it , with one woman saying "  everything either hurts or does n't work "
CNN  -- The American woman who sent her adopted son back to Russia must pay $ 150,000 in child support , a Tennessee judge reaffirmed Friday . Torry Hansen 's attorney , Ed Yarbrough , told CNN he will file a motion within a few weeks asking the court to modify or terminate the support , which was first ordered earlier this year . The United States and Russia last year signed an agreement to strengthen procedural safeguards for adoptions following the 2010 incident . Grandmother : Adopted boy sent back to Russia was violent Artyem Saveliev , adopted from a Russian orphanage , was put on a plane back to Moscow . The Shelbyville , Tennessee , family claimed they feared for their safety after a series of violent episodes from the boy , then 7 . An investigation was launched after the child showed up unannounced at Russia 's child protection ministry with a letter from his adoptive mother asking Russian authorities to annul the adoption . In the letter , Hansen said the boy was "  mentally unstable , " and said she had been misled about his mental condition . The World Association for Children and Parents had coordinated the adoption . A lawsuit was filed against Hansen for breach of contract and child support . In May , the association said Artyem is still a U.S. citizen and under Tennessee law Hansen is legally considered to be his mother . The child has been living in a group care facility outside of Moscow . According to CNN Nashville affiliate WKRN , Hansen testified Friday in Lewisburg , Tennessee , that the boy wanted to kill her . But Larry Crain , the adoption agency 's attorney , said the boy is not violent . U.S.-Russia adoption agreement reached	Tennessee family adopted Russian boy They returned him in 2010 , putting him on a plane Mother contended he was mentally unstable Judge ruled she must pay $ 150,000 in child support
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- A three-man West African delegation wo n't return to Ivory Coast until Monday , when it will ask self-declared President Laurent Gbagbo to relinquish his post or face a military ouster , a representative of the group said Friday . But Gbagbo remained defiant in his claim that he won a November 28 election fairly -- a claim disputed by challenger Alassane Ouattara and a growing international bloc that has recognized him as the winner of the presidential runoff election . Ouattara and Gbagbo , the incumbent , set dueling deadlines for the other to stand down , but neither show any signs of doing so . Charles Ble Goude , a minister in Gbagbo 's cabinet , ordered Ouattara out of Abidjan by Saturday . "  If you  Ouattara  do n't do it by the first of January , when that day passes , I can no longer be responsible for the security of the people at the Golf Hotel , " said Charles Ble Goude , a minister in Gbagbo 's cabinet , whipping supporters into a frenzy at a rally Wednesday . The Golf Hotel is where Ouattara has been holed up since the election . "  I ask the people of Ivory Coast to be ready with their bare hands to remove Ouattara ! " Ble Goude said . A spokesman for Ouattara said that Ouattara told African leaders at a meeting earlier this week that he was willing to offer Gbagbo amnesty in return for ceding power , setting a midnight Friday deadline . Ouattara set the December 31 deadline thinking that the African leaders representing the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  would return to Ivory Coast on Thursday , said his spokesman , Patrick Achi . The three-man delegation , however , is not set to travel back to Abidjan until Monday , when it will again ask Gbagbo to step down , Nigerian defense spokesman Col. Yerima Mohammed said Friday . Achi said the ECOWAS leaders asked Ouattara to spell out the conditions under which he would be willing to see Gbagbo leave quickly and peacefully . "  He offered to give Gbagbo amnesty and other conditions related to a former head-of-state status but he said that these offers will be only available if former President Gbagbo is ready to recognize that he has lost elections , " Achi said . Ouattara , said Achi , "  still wants the crisis to be over as quickly as possible " and hopes it will not extend beyond Monday . If the ECOWAS appeal to Gbabgo fails again , the regional bloc 's defense committee will meet in Mali January 17-18 to finalize a military option and then report back to the heads of state , Mohammed said . Military force is a last resort , Mohammed said , adding that it 's hoped Gbagbo will step down peacefully . The crisis began when the independent Electoral Commission declared Ouattara the winner of the runoff , followed by the West African nation 's Constitutional Council 's declaration that Gbagbo was the winner . Meanwhile , in an interview with EuroNews , Gbagbo called for Ouattara to support a recount of the runoff vote and declared there was no reason for him to step aside . "  It must be understood that  the Electoral Commission 's declaration  was an illegitimate result which was prematurely declared by a body that had no right to do so , " he said . "  It 's on this point that the west is digging its heels in . After the vote , the Constitutional Council meets and gives the result . It declares who is the elected president , and that was me . It 's not open to debate . " Earlier this week , an ECOWAS delegation consisting of Presidents Yayi Boni of Benin , Ernest Bai Koroma of Sierra Leone and Pedro Pires of Cape Verde met with Gbagbo in Abidjan . But their pleas for him to leave office were in vain . Meanwhile , human rights activists grew increasingly concerned about politically motivated violence in Ivory Coast . The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , Navi Pillay , sent individual letters to "  a group of leaders in key authority positions " to remind them "  in the strongest terms " that they will be held "  personally accountable for human rights violations . " "  The international criminal justice system that has developed over the past 15 or so years has given us a tool of accountability we did not have before , " Pillay said . "  No longer can heads of state , and other actors , be sure that they can commit atrocious violations and get away with it . " The letter was sent to Gbagbo and the commanders of the Ivorian Republican Guard , the marines and security forces . "  We have received reports of at least two mass graves ; however , U.N. human rights teams have been denied access to the scenes of these atrocities in order to investigate them , " Pillay said . "  Denying access to alleged mass grave sites and places where the victims ' mortal remains are allegedly deposited constitutes a clear violation of international human rights and humanitarian law . " The U.N. refugee agency said Friday that more than 18,000 refugees have fled the country for neighboring Liberia . In London , British officials informed Philippe D Djangone-Bi , the man sent by Gbagbo as his ambassador to Britain , that he is no longer recognized in the position as of Friday . He immediately loses his diplomatic status , privileges and immunities , the UK Foreign Office said . "  We will be moving to recognize the appointee of President Alassane Ouattara in the usual manner , " the office said in a statement . Earlier this month , representatives of European Union countries agreed to only accept ambassadors appointed by Ouattara . France is reviewing the credentials of the Ouattara appointee , and Belgium has said it would accept the new president 's ambassador . France has renewed its call for citizens -- especially those with children -- to leave Ivory Coast as soon as possible , the French Foreign Ministry said Friday . France last week warned of dangers in the West African nation . "  Although foreigners have not so far been directly threatened , the French authorities renew their advisory to defer plans for trips to Ivory Coast , and to all the French who can ... to temporarily leave Ivory Coast until the situation normalizes , " the foreign ministry said in a statement Friday . The United States and United Kingdom also have warned their citizens of possible violence . The U.S. State Department has ordered non-emergency personnel and family members to leave Ivory Coast . It also warned U.S. citizens against traveling there . The UK Foreign Office also had advised British citizens to avoid travel to Ivory Coast and , for those already there , to leave the country unless they "  have a pressing reason to remain . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : West African heads of state to return to Ivory Coast Monday NEW : They will again ask Gbagbo to step down or face military ouster Ouattara has told Gbagbo to be out by midnight Friday Gbagbo wants Ouattara out of Abidjan by Saturday
Detectives have video that shows a man shooting former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight and two other people in a West Hollywood nightclub early Sunday , a sheriff 's spokeswoman said . The shooter is seen running from the 1 Oak club , along with dozens of people who fled when they heard the gunshots , Los Angeles County Sheriff Deputy Crystal Hernandez said . The shooter has not been identified and the handgun used to shoot Knight , 49 , a 19-year-old woman and a 33-year-old man was not found , she said . All three victims , including Knight , who suffered several gunshot wounds , are expected to survive , a sheriff 's spokesman said Sunday . The shooting happened inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards . Brown posted a tweet after the incident : "  It 's disappointing that we as a society ca n't have fun or enjoy ourselves without any altercations sometimes . Miss me with the bulls ** t !!! " Brown is still on probation for beating singer and then-girlfriend Rihanna on the eve of the 2009 Grammys . A grainy cell phone video posted on Instagram shows Brown standing on the back of a couch and yelling in the aftermath of the shooting . Brown 's bodyguard can be seen trying to get him down . The singer has colored his hair blond and is wearing a white shirt and jeans in the video . Knight rose to fame and fortune after founding Death Row Records in 1991 and signing artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . This was not Knight 's first time being shot at a pre-VMA party . He was shot in the leg at a party hosted by rapper Kanye West at a Miami hotel on the eve of the 2005 VMA show .	Video shows the shooting suspect running from the Sunset Strip club , investigators say The handgun used to shoot "  Suge " Knight and two others has not been found The attack happened at a pre-VMA party hosted by singer Chris Brown Knight and the two others are expected to recover
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Surviving victims and family members of the Fort Hood massacre testified in emotional terms Monday over their personal trauma and grief , as the sentencing phase for the convicted murderer 's court-martial moved quickly toward a dramatic conclusion . A military jury could begin considering by late Tuesday whether Maj. Nidal Hasan will get capital punishment for the horrific November 2009 shootings on this sprawling Army base . The Army Medical Corps officer was convicted Friday on all 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in connection with the shooting rampage at a Fort Hood deployment processing center . The incident occurred about a month before Hasan was to deploy to Afghanistan . "  I was expected to either die or remain in a vegetative state , " said Staff Sgt. Patrick Zeigler , who was shot four times , including in the head . He recovered , but his left side remains partially paralyzed , and he said Monday that he struggles to cope with the injuries . "  It 's affected every facet of my personality , " he testified . "  I am a lot angrier , a lot darker than I used to be . " Twenty percent of Zeigler 's brain was removed in the initial surgery , and he has had more than 10 additional procedures . He leaves the service in October on medical retirement but said he will never be fully functional . Prison or death for Hasan ? It 's up to the jury now Prosecutors began presenting the first of 19 witnesses , including a liaison or family member for each victim killed in the attack . They began describing the impact the shootings had on their lives , part of the "  aggravating " evidence the prosecution will use to try to demonstrate why Hasan deserves lethal injection . A dozen victims and family members took the stand before the court-martial unexpectedly recessed for the day at midafternoon . Base officials would cite only "  logistical issues " for the delay and said the judge was meeting in chambers with Hasan , who serves as his own attorney . The defendant -- who was wounded by military police in the attacks and paralyzed -- repeatedly asked the bench Monday to take brief breaks from the public proceedings , but the court offered no explanations . Proceedings resume Tuesday morning . During the nearly three-week trial phase , military prosecutors called 89 witnesses and submitted more than 700 pieces of evidence . Unclear is whether Hasan himself will now present testimony or speak on his own behalf . He serves as his own attorney and has refused to put on a defense in court . The American-born psychiatrist of Palestinian descent has the opportunity to offer "  mitigating " evidence that could persuade the panel to spare his life . He refused to cross-examine any of the victims and their families testifying . Angela Rivera lost her husband , Maj. Libardo Caraveo , a 52-year-old clinical psychologist preparing to deploy to Afghanistan when he was gunned down . When officials rang her doorbell to inform her of the news , 14 hours after the shooting , "  All I could say was , I knew it , I just knew he was dead , because he did not call me back " after the incident . Rivera and Caraveo had three children living in the house at the time , including a 2-year-old . Rivera testified that her 12-year-old daughter was distraught , quoting her as saying , " ` Mom , I hope who did this understands the pain he has caused all these families . ' " An older daughter could not cope , became suicidal and remains emotionally troubled , Rivera said . The father of Pvt. Francheska Velez said Hasan 's action 's left him devastated . His 21-year-old daughter was pregnant at the time of the premeditated murders . "  This man did not just kill 13 people , " Juan Velez testified in Spanish . "  He killed my  unborn  grandson , and he killed me slowly . " Pfc. Kham Xiong , 23 , left behind a widow and three small children . "  We can only imagine " what might have been , Shoua Her said quietly . "  These past few years have n't been easy being a single mother . ... I miss him a lot , his soft gentle hands , how he held me and made me feel safe and secure . "  I feel dead , yet I 'm alive , " she added , wiping away tears . On his own initiative , Hasan admitted early in the court-martial , "  The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter . " He has also indicated a willingness to die as a "  martyr . " Judge Col. Tara Osborn is likely to instruct the military panel to ignore any direct pleas from Hasan that he be given lethal injection but to decide punishment only on the facts and testimony presented , in accordance with the law . The stakes in the penalty phase create an unusual dynamic in what was already a very unusual case . "  The U.S. military is not used to this kind of defendant , who apparently wants to die for his crimes . It might take a terrible weight off the jury -- if the inmate wants death , they may say , ` we 'll accommodate . ' It lessens the burden , " said Richard Dieter of the Death Penalty Information Center . "  On the other hand , the military by its nature , and in this time of war , sees a lot of death . They may not desire to add to it and give  Hasan  what he may want . His wishes might have a reverse effect . " But Hasan 's confessed rampage against innocents on a domestic military base will be an important consideration for the panel considering his fate . History may not be on Hasan 's or the government 's side . The last military execution was in 1961 , and only five servicemen sit on death row at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . The military has its own legal standards and procedures when trying and appealing capital cases . The U.S. Supreme Court gets the final say , if any petition reaches that far . Of the 11 military death sentences that have completed direct appeal , nine  82 %  have been reversed .	"  I am a lot angrier , a lot darker than I used to be , " one survivor says Patrick Zeigler is partially paralyzed after being shot four times Hasan faces death penalty after being convicted in Fort Hood slayings He has admitted to the shootings , says he would be a martyr
Urfa , Turkey  CNN  -- The petite 25-year-old tentatively opens the door to the hotel room where we 've agreed to meet . Her face is covered , but her body language betrays her anxiety . She slowly lifts her niqab , revealing her young , heart-shaped face . Her large brown eyes , filled with guilt and turmoil , are delicately made up under perfectly sculpted brows . She calls herself ` Khadija . ' It 's not her real name , because she 's a marked woman . Once a member of a fearsome , female ISIS brigade , she 's a recent defector , disillusioned by the group 's brutality . Her interview with CNN is the first time she has ever told anyone her story . ' I ran away to something uglier ' Growing up in Syria , Khadija 's family ensured she got an education . She earned her college degree and began teaching elementary school . Khadija describes her family and upbringing as "  not overly conservative . " When the Syrian uprising began more than three and a half years ago , Khadija joined the masses who began peaceful protests against the government of President Bashar al-Assad . "  We 'd go out and demonstrate . The security services would chase us . We 'd write on walls , have different outfits to change into , " she said . "  Those days were great . " But it was when the Syrian uprising spiraled into chaos and violence that she said she began to lose her soul , her humanity . "  Everything around us was chaos , " she said , her words tumbling out . "  Free Syrian Army , the regime , barrel bombs , strikes , the wounded , clinics , blood -- you want to tear yourself away , to find something to run to . "  My problem was I ran away to something uglier . " Gradual induction She found herself drawn to the eloquence of a Tunisian whom she met online . Taken with his manners , she grew to trust him over time and he gradually lured her into the Islamic State , she said . He assured her that the group was not what people thought , that it was not a terrorist organization . "  He would say , ` We are going to properly implement Islam . Right now we are in a state of war , a phase where we need to control the country , so we have to be harsh . ' " He told her he was coming to the Syrian city of Raqqa , that they could even get married . "  I got in touch with my cousin , and she said , ` You can come join us in the Khansa'a Brigade . She was living in Raqqa with her husband who was with the Islamic State , " Khadija said . The brigade is the feared , all-female police for ISIS . Khadija convinced her family to move to Raqqa , saying it would be easier to register her younger siblings in school , and that they would have the support of relatives . With her cousin to open the doors , Khadija was welcomed into the feared Khansa'a brigade . Inside the female ISIS brigade The Khansa'a Brigade is made up of around 25 to 30 women and is tasked with patrolling the streets of Raqqa to ensure that women adhere to proper clothing as outlined by the Islamic State . Beaded or slightly form-fitting abayas are banned . Women are not allowed to show their eyes . Those who broke the laws are lashed . The lashings to the women who broke ISIS rules were carried out by Umm Hamza . When Khadija first saw Umm Hamza , she was terrified . "  She 's not a normal female . She 's huge , she has an AK , a pistol , a whip , a dagger and she wears the niqab , " Khadija said . Brigade commander Umm Rayan sensed Khadija 's fear "  and she got close to me and said a sentence I wo n't forget . She said , ` We are harsh with the infidels , but merciful among ourselves . ' " Khadija was trained to clean , dismantle , and fire a weapon . She was paid $ 200 a month and received food rations . Her family sensed Khadija was slipping away , but were helpless to stop it . Her mother tried to warn her . "  She would always say to me , ` Wake up , take care of yourself . You are walking , but you do n't know where you are going . ' " UAE 's first female fighter pilot led airstrike against ISIS Second thoughts Initally , Khadija did not pay attention to her mother 's warnings , seduced by the sense of power . But eventually , she started questioning herself and the principles of the Islamic State . "  At the start , I was happy with my job . I felt that I had authority in the streets . But then I started to get scared , scared of my situation . I even started to be afraid of myself . " She started thinking : "  I am not like this . I have a degree in education . I should n't be like this . What happened to me ? What happened in my mind that brought me here ? " And her image of ISIS began to crumble . Burned into her mind is an image she saw online of a 16-year-old boy who was crucified for rape . She questioned her inclusion in a group capable of such violence . "  The worst thing I saw was a man getting his head hacked off in front of me , " she said . Violence against women Even more personally , she witnessed ISIS ' brand of violence reserved for women . The brigade shared its building with a man who specialized in marriage for ISIS fighters . "  He was one of the worst people , " she said of the man tasked with finding wives for both local and foreign fighters . "  The foreign fighters are very brutal with women , even the ones they marry , " she said . "  There were cases where the wife had to be taken to the emergency ward because of the violence , the sexual violence . " Khadija saw a future she did not want . With her commander pressuring her to submit to marriage , Khadija decided she needed to leave the brigade . "  So it was at this point , I said enough . After all that I had already seen and all the times I stayed silent , telling myself , ` We 're at war , then it will all be rectified . ' "  But after this , I decided no , I have to leave . " Khadija left just days before the coalition airstrikes , but her family remains in Syria . She was smuggled across the border to Turkey . Inside the online world of the women of ISIS Life after ISIS Khadija still wears the niqab , not just to conceal her identity but also because she 's struggling to adapt back to life outside the Islamic State . Regretful of her immersion in radical Islam , she is wary of another sudden change . "  It has to be gradual , so that I do n't become someone else . I am afraid of becoming someone else . Someone who swings , as a reaction in the other direction , after I was so entrenched in religion , that I reject religion completely , " she said . Towards the end of our interview , speaking about how ISIS could have gotten a foothold in parts of Syrian society , she has a personal moment . "  How did we allow them to come in ? How did we allow them to rule us ? There is a weakness in us . " Khadija spoke to us because she said she wants people , especially women , to know the truth about ISIS . "  I do n't want anyone else to be duped by them . Too many girls think they are the right Islam , " she said . She desperately wants to be the girl she was before falling under the spell of ISIS -- "  a girl who is merry , who loves life and laughter ... who loves to travel , to draw , to walk in the street with her headphones listening to music without caring what anyone thinks , " she said . "  I want to be like that again . "	25-year-old joined ISIS after chaos following protests against Syrian president Lured by man she met online , she became interested in ISIS She joined female police brigade that enforces ISIS rules on women She witnessed beheading and violence against women
CNN  -- Marisol Valles Garcia , the former police chief of Praxedis G. Guerrero , Mexico , who took office when she was just 20 years old , is in the United States , an official with Immigration and Customs Enforcement told CNN Monday . "  Marisol Valles Garcia is in the United States and she will have the opportunity to present the facts of her case before an impartial immigration judge . Absent a signed privacy waiver , there are no additional details , " the official said . Authorities in the municipality of Praxedis last week denied published reports that she was in the United States and would seek asylum . Earlier Monday , Valles Garcia was fired because she failed to show up for work on the day that a personal leave she was given expired . At that time , town secretary Andres Morales told CNN he did not know anything about her whereabouts . There are reports that Valles Garcia left Mexico to seek asylum in the United States because of threats , but local authorities in Mexico have not confirmed that . Valles Garcia grabbed international attention last year when she took over the top job in a police force whose officers have been abducted and killed . City officials have said that Valles Garcia , a criminology student , was on personal leave because her 8-month-old baby is sick . They expected her back Monday . But because she did n't show up or ask for an extension , the mayor terminated Valles Garcia , according to a town news release . She had asked for a leave from March 2 to 7 , the news release said . Valles Garcia was named police chief in October 2010 . Over the weekend , several of her neighbors told CNN it is an open secret that she had fled to the United States . Many said they were afraid to give their names to a reporter , as violence related to drug cartels is rampant in the region . Last year , Valles Garcia was the only person who accepted the top police job . There was good reason for the fear . Around the time she took the post , a 59-year-old local mayor , Rito Grado Serrano , and his 37-year-old son , Rigoberto Grado Villa , were killed in a house in which they were hiding in nearby Ciudad Juarez . Another area mayor was killed in June . Nationwide , the Mexican government says there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Rafael Romo and journalist Edgar Roman contributed to this report .	Marisol Valles Garcia is in the United States , an ICE official says Valles Garcia made headlines when she became police chief at just 20 years old There are reports that she is seeking asylum in the United States Her town does not know her whereabouts
Oprah.com  -- How long have you and I known each other ? Well , by my calculations , we go back quite some time . This can mean only one thing : It 's time for the monkey story . There are those who will suggest that even to hint at the monkey story is to bring immeasurable shame upon the good Kogan name , that its mere mention invites the sort of familial acrimony and heartache seldom witnessed outside "  King Lear . " Still , I will tell the monkey story not because I want to -- but because I must . The monkey story takes place in the late 1960s . It was , as Simon & Garfunkel used to sing , a time of innocence , a time of confidences . I wore a "  That Girl " flip and white vinyl go-go boots . Those boots were made for walking , so I 'd walk two doors down the street to the Sapersteins ' house because the Sapersteins had the biggest color TV on the block , and it was impossible to fully appreciate a masterpiece like "  Batman " in black-and-white . Anyway , at some point between Nixon 's election and Elvis 's comeback concert , my mother and father , brother , and cousins all went to visit the grandparents in Miami Beach ... but not the Miami Beach you 're thinking of . You see , before Miami was filled with fabulously sexy models eating fabulously sexy food at fabulously sexy boutique hotels , it was filled with old people who had dinner at 5:30 and worshipped Eleanor Roosevelt . As for entertainment , a kid could check out Ponce de León at the wax museum , play a rousing game of bingo and still be bored silly by noon . And that , my friends , brings us to the monkey story . There was -- and I believe there probably still is -- a place in Florida called the Monkey Jungle . It had funny little monkeys swinging from vines overhead , it had monkey memorabilia that made monkey memories last forever , it even had a monkey that was trained to put his hairy little arms around your neck and smile for the camera . I could go on , but suffice it to say the place was lousy with monkeys , and my cousin Suzie Gale and I thought we 'd found paradise , complete with souvenir shop and snack bar . Then it happened . Fact : Suzie was holding a peanut . Fact : There , high above a large cage of spider monkeys , hung a gigantic sign that read , "  Do not feed the monkeys . " Fact : I was always an inquisitive child , a sucker for an educational science project , if you will , and . . hell , I wanted to know what would happen if I fed the monkeys . Okay , strike that , I wanted to know what would happen if somebody fed the monkeys . And there was sweet Suzie with her cherry pink cheeks and her enormous angel eyes and her layers of dark , curly hair that rioted around that innocent freckled face , tangling and untangling according to the humidity , and , lo and behold , there was her peanut . "  Suzie , " I whispered with perfect nonchalance , "  go see if that monkey wants your peanut . " This next part happened rather quickly , and my recollection is a little hazy . If memory serves , Suzie walked over to the monkey cage and held the peanut up to the bars . The monkey took the peanut , and I could see Suzie beaming with pride as she turned to look at me . Unfortunately , I could also see the monkey toss the peanut over its shoulder , reach its menacing monkey paw between the bars , grab a chunk of Suzie 's hair , and yank it out of her terrified little head . I do n't know how many of you have ever had to act as lookout while your mother crouches in a closet as she attempts to hide from her mother-in-law while phoning every pediatrician in the greater Miami area to inquire about any potential issues that might arise , "  if , say , for example , your 5-year-old niece happens to be mauled by a deranged monkey . " Wait a minute , I do know . None of you have had to do that , because I 'm the only person in the universe who 's ever sent her darling cousin out to be attacked by a monkey . In any case , the name of the column is "  Lisa Kogan Tells All , " and now I 've told you all the monkey story . It was the first bad thing I ever did -- and I remember being shocked that Walter Cronkite did n't lead with it that night on the evening news . I guess Paul Simon knows his stuff -- it really was a time of innocence . My family had n't yet been touched by debt or divorce or death , and betrayal never amounted to more than a little bit of monkey business . The grown-ups smoked , the children tanned , we all ate red meat , and everybody thought they would live forever . But by the summer of ' 67 , my hometown of Detroit was burning around us , and -- thanks to James Earl Ray , Sirhan Sirhan , and a war we were assured was winnable -- the shelf life on forever officially expired in 1968 . Suzie Gale eventually became Suzanne Rubini , an Atlanta attorney with a lovely husband , two terrific kids and a major aversion to "  Curious George . " Because my cousin is a charitable soul , and because she understood that I would do a much better job of beating myself up than she ever could , and mostly because her hair grew back , Suzie still speaks to me . Of course , these days the conversations tend to include a lot more about politics and eye lifts than we ever would have imagined back when we played shuffleboard at our grandparents ' condominium . The monkey story does occasionally come up , because it turns out you ca n't really have a monkey take a swipe at your head without mentioning it from time to time . But for the record , Suzie laughs when she tells the story . She 's always been slightly sunnier than me -- on a bad day , I can make Sylvia Plath look like a rodeo clown . And I 've always been slightly funnier than Suzie -- though she might argue that this is because I 've never been attacked by a giant spider monkey . I still struggle with impulse control and guilt and the deeply unsettling truth that I am actually quite capable of hurting the people I adore , that , given the right set of circumstances , we all are . Suzie and I are both a lot older and a little wiser now , and we 've learned to pay close attention when a warning sign is posted right there in front of our eyes . We fasten our seat belts , we leave the tags on our mattresses , we refuse to operate heavy machinery after a tablespoon of Robitussin -- and under no circumstances do we ever feed the monkeys . By Lisa Kogan from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " July 2007 E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	A monkey is key to author 's tale of worst hair day Lisa Kogan still struggles with impulse control Victim can now tell story and laugh
Hong Kong  CNN  -- If there 's been one consistent thread running through the U.S. economic story since 2008 , it 's been the steady drumbeat of gloom . Outright recession or sub-standard growth , stubbornly high unemployment and fiscal crises have been the topics du jour when it comes to the world 's biggest economy . But now an unlikely champion for U.S. growth under the Obama administration has emerged -- a former adviser to a Republican Party presidential candidate and Harvard history professor , Niall Ferguson , who says America could actually be heading toward a new economic "  golden age . " And it has nothing to do with Washington and everything to do with energy . Ferguson , who is also an author and commentator , believes the production of natural gas and oil from shale formations via a process known as "  fracking " -- forcing open rocks by injecting fluid into cracks -- will be a game changer . "  This is an absolutely huge phenomenon with massive implications for the U.S. economy , and I think most people are still a little bit slow to appreciate just how big this is , " he said in Hong Kong this week . "  Conceivably it does mean a new golden age . " U.S. energy production has been booming in recent years . The International Energy Agency made a jaw-dropping forecast two weeks ago that the U.S. would pass Saudi Arabia as the world 's biggest oil producer by the end of this decade -- and would achieve near energy independence by the 2030s . That energy boom , asserts Ferguson , will create jobs in the United States . Lots of jobs . The energy sector currently supports 1.7 million American jobs directly or indirectly , according to economic forecaster IHS global Insight . That could rise to 3 million by 2020 , it says . "  It 's not only in the extraction industry and infrastructure , but more importantly cheap energy is going to create employment in manufacturing . I think you 'll see a renaissance in manufacturing , " said Ferguson . "  That is being helped by the fact U.S. labor costs have been pretty competitive over the past decade , even as labor costs are going up in China . " Alaska drilling : From ` hell no ! ' to ... ` OK " It is also , he says , a big deal for the dollar . "  As the U.S. moves towards energy independence and becoming the biggest producer in the world , the dollar can only benefit . Anybody who thought the financial crisis was going to lead to the demise of the dollar as an international currency is wrong -- it 's quite the opposite . " And what of U.S. engagement in the Middle East ? Ferguson says it would be naive to assume that Washington would withdraw in any significant way from the region . "  Nobody is going to step in and take the job of being global policeman in charge of Middle Eastern stability . I think everyone would be nervous , if the Chinese suddenly volunteered to take that job on , which by the way they are not going to do anytime soon , " he said . Protesters : Jobs not worth the environmental risk For the recently reelected U.S. president though , the energy boom looks like it could provide a welcome tailwind for his second term . It 's something that Ferguson acknowledges -- though one suspects through gritted teeth . As a supporter of Mitt Romney he penned a controversial pre-election cover story in Newsweek headlined "  Hit the Road , Barack , " which was highly critical of the president 's first term . He concedes the irony that the president will now be the beneficiary of the "  good times that lie ahead . " Opinion : Oil and wildlife	Historian Niall Ferguson says America could be set for a new economic boom Says production of natural gas and oil from shale formations will have enormous implications International Energy Agency : U.S. to pass Saudi Arabia as world 's biggest oil producer by end of decade IEA says this could put Washington near energy independence within 20 years
CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth and the royal family cost British taxpayers an average of 66 pence  $ 1.32  per person last year , Buckingham Palace announced Friday in its annual report of royal finances . The Queen and the royal family cost Britons a little bit more in the latest financial year . The total cost of the queen and royal family was 40 million pounds  $ 80 million  in the past fiscal year , an increase of 2 percent from the year before , according to the Royal Public Finances report . The man in charge of managing the queen 's financial affairs said she has tried to keep costs down , pointing out that the queen 's expenses are more than 3 percent lower in real terms than they were in 2001 . "  The reduction in the amount of head of state expenditure in real terms reflects the continuous attention the royal household pays to obtaining the best value for money in all areas of expenditure , " said Alan Reid , whose official title is "  keeper of the privy purse . " Funding for property maintenance at the royal palaces increased by almost 1 million pounds  $ 2 million  from the year before to 15.3 million pounds  $ 30.6 million  , but it will stay at that level for the next three years , the palace said . Reid warned that the money is not enough to deal with a backlog of maintenance work . "  This backlog relates to essential maintenance and does not include any allowance for projects such as the redecoration of the state rooms at Buckingham Palace , most of which were last redecorated before the queen 's reign , " he said . Available funds are also unlikely for replacing the lead and slate roofs at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle  which would cost an estimated 16 million pounds , or $ 32 million  ; replacing heating and electrical wiring and removing asbestos at the palace  2.4 million pounds , or $ 4.8 million  ; and replacing Victorian cast iron and lead water mains at the castle  3 million pounds , or $ 6 million  . Travel was a major expense for the queen and her family over the past year , the reports showed . The most expensive trip was the queen 's six-day state visit to the United States , which cost a total of 414,042 pounds  about $ 828,000  . It cost 316,061 pounds  about $ 632,000  for Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla , to take an eight-day trip to Uganda and Turkey in November for Britain 's Foreign Office . Prince Andrew , the Duke of York , also had a series of expensive trips as part of his role as the United Kingdom 's special representative for international trade and investment . He visited more than 20 countries in that capacity last year , trying to attract investors to Britain and helping British companies improve their prospects overseas . "  This report is provided every year to show transparency in the royal accounts , " said CNN royal watcher Richard Quest . "  It is often used as an example to show profligacy , for instance with the cost of the royal train , which runs around 20,000 pounds  $ 40,000  a day . "	Queen and royal family cost British taxpayers 66p  $ 1.31  per person last year Figure is a 4p  8c  increase on the previous year , according to Palace Accounts reveal need for more spending to maintain palaces
CNN  -- Guess that overheating issue is n't such a big deal after all . Less than two weeks after Consumer Reports engineers found that Apple 's new tablet can get as hot as 116 degrees while running games , the magazine has declared it the best in breed , placing it at the top of its tablet-computer rankings on Monday . "  The high-resolution screen of the new iPad establishes a new benchmark in excellence , providing the best rendering of detail and color accuracy we 've ever seen on a tablet display , " reviewer Donna L. Tapellini wrote on the Consumer Reports site . The review called the iPad "  superb in virtually every other way as well , " noting a vastly improved camera , a fast , dependable connection  on Verizon 's 4G network  , and longer battery life than any other tablet tested by the product-review group . In an earlier test using a thermal-imaging camera , Consumer Reports engineers recorded temperatures up to 13 degrees higher than the iPad 2 on the new iPad while playing a video game , "  Infinity Blade II . " But Monday 's report downplayed that . "  W  e did n't find those temperatures to be cause for concern , " the report says . Some reports have found the tablet wo n't recharge while playing power-intensive games , but Consumer Reports ' testing showed that problem also to be limited . "  Our high overall judgment of the new iPad was not affected by the results of either battery of tests . " Since the iPad launched in 2010 , its sales have dwarfed those of any other tablet . But Consumer Reports did have some praise Monday for some of the Apple juggernaut 's competitors . The 10.1-inch Toshiba Excite 10LE was the lightest tablet the group has tested , at a little over one pound , and Pantech 's new 8-inch Element tab was praised for its claim of being waterproof . The Sony Tablet P and Samsung 's Galaxy Tab 2.2 were also among newly reviewed tablets that earned a recommendation . The iPad was n't perfect , according to the review . Consumer Reports noted that , in some applications designed for previous models  notably magazines  , its high-definition screen magnifies imperfections . But that was n't enough to knock it out of the top spot . "  On balance , however , the screen quality of the new iPad is a significant plus , especially given the likelihood that content will increasingly rise in resolution to take advantage of it , " according to the review .	Consumer Reports names the new iPad as its most recommended tablet High-resolution screen , better camera and fast connection earned a high score Tablets from Samsung , Toshiba , Sony and Pantech were also recommended New iPad 's drawback ? Screen makes some older apps look bad
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A Philadelphia abortion provider found guilty of first-degree murder has agreed give up his right to appeal in exchange for avoiding a possible death sentence , Philadelphia 's district attorney 's office announced Tuesday . Dr. Kermit Gosnell , 72 , was convicted Monday on three counts of murder for killing babies by cutting their spinal cords with scissors . The next step in the case was to have been the penalty phase , when jurors would have weighed whether to give Gosnell a death sentence . The arrangement erases a need for that phase . "  Like any deal , there 's a give and take on each side . The Commonwealth  of Pennsylvania  took away the death penalty and Dr. Gosnell gave up his right to appeal , " said defense attorney Jack McMahon . "  A big factor for Dr. Gosnell was his family . They 've been conspicuously absent , and that 's been intentional because of the media focus and whatnot . He has some younger children in high school ... and bringing them all forward for a penalty phase is something that troubled him . " According to a statement from the office of Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams , Gosnell "  agreed to waive all of his appellate rights in exchange for life in prison without the possibility of parole instead of the death penalty . " He was "  immediately sentenced " for the deaths of two babies . He will be sentenced on remaining charges , including the death of the third baby , on Wednesday , the statement said . A jury also found Gosnell guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the case of 41-year-old Karnamaya Mongar , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion at Gosnell 's West Philadelphia clinic . Additionally , Gosnell , who is not a board-certified obstetrician or gynecologist , was found guilty of 21 counts of abortion of the unborn , 24 weeks or older . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . O. Carter Snead , a professor of law at the University of Notre Dame , said that he was n't surprised by the deal . "  From a pragmatic perspective , it can take decades for a defendant to exhaust all of his appeals from a sentence of death . Given his advanced age , it is likely that Gosnell would die on death row before this process runs its course , " he said . "  More importantly , in my judgment , principles of justice are served by a sentence of life without parole in this case . There has been quite enough bloodshed because of this evil man 's actions . " The doctor 's lawyer said his client is at peace now that "  he knows what his fate is . " "  I think , once there is a finality ... there 's a certain sereneness about that , " McMahon said . Gosnell 's co-defendant , Eileen O'Neill , 56 , was found guilty of conspiracy to operate a corrupt organization and two counts of theft by deception for operating without a license to practice medicine . O'Neill , a medical school graduate , was not charged with performing illegal abortions . Both pleaded not guilty . Eight people involved in Gosnell 's clinic , called the Women 's Medical Society , earlier pleaded guilty to various charges . Four of them pleaded guilty to murder . A grand jury report from 2011 says the "  people who ran this sham medical practice included no doctors other than Gosnell himself , and not even a single nurse , " yet they still made diagnoses , performed procedures and administered drugs . Defense attorney McMahon , in an impassioned , 2Â 1/2 - hour closing argument , said that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already dead as a result of Gosnell administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . Gosnell also was accused of reusing unsanitary instruments ; performing procedures in filthy rooms , including some in which litter boxes and animals allegedly were present at the time ; and allowing unlicensed employees -- including a teenage high school student -- to perform operations and administer anesthesia . The remains of aborted fetuses were stored in water jugs , pet food containers and a freezer at the clinic , the city 's chief medical examiner Sam Gulino testified . Former employee Kareema Cross said Gosnell regularly performed illegal late-term abortions that he routinely recorded as "  24.5 weeks . " McMahon , who called no witnesses , accused prosecutors of "  the most extraordinary hype and exaggeration in the history of the criminal justice system , " even adding that they are "  elitist " and "  racist . " Gosnell has been accused by authorities of preying on low-income , minority women . McMahon argued that Gosnell offered access to health care for people who were poor and without health insurance . The doctor was first charged in January 2011 . The case has drawn national attention and sharp criticism from anti-abortion activists . Mother shares regrets amid Pennsylvania abortion trial Gosnell horror fuels fight for abortion laws CNN 's Sunny Hostin , Catherine E. Shoichet , Josh Levs , David Ariosto , Jason Hanna and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : The convicted doctor is at peace knowing now "  what his fate is , " his lawyer says Kermit Gosnell , 72 , was convicted Monday on three counts of first-degree murder He gives up his right to appeal in exchange for avoiding a possible death sentence A jury also found him guilty of involuntary manslaughter
CNN Student News  -- May 10 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Mississippi River • Japan • Normal , Illinois Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hello , everyone ! This Tuesday on CNN Student News , we 're taking you under the big top . First , though , we 're headed down the mighty Mississippi . First Up : Flood Waters Rising AZUZ : That would be the Mississippi River , which is causing floods up and down its path through the United States . Want to take you down the river now to check out some of what 's been going on . We 're gon na start in southern Illinois , in the city of Cairo . You see it right there on your screen . Flooding was threatening to wipe out the entire town . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers came up with this plan to help Cairo and some other communities nearby . And that brings us down into Missouri . What the Corps did was intentionally blow up a levee , a barrier that 's designed to actually prevent flooding . That helped the towns up in Illinois , but it purposely flooded some parts of Missouri , some farms . And a lot of people , especially farmers , angry with this plan . One farmer said she felt like she was suffering for somebody else . The flooding has followed the Mississippi 's path through Arkansas and down into Louisiana , as you see here . Yesterday , engineers opened a spillway north of the city of New Orleans . The goal here is to help ease the pressure on the river , hopefully lower the flood levels , keep the water away from New Orleans . But just to get an idea of how much water we 're talking about , a commander with the Army Corps of Engineers offered an analogy . He said the water that 's rushing through the Mississippi right now , in one second , could fill up an area the size of a football field 44 feet deep . We 're also seeing flooding in states that the Mississippi branches off to , like Tennessee . Holly Firfer has more on the situation there . BEGIN VIDEO HOLLY FIRFER , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Tennessee 's largest city is in the cross hairs . Memphis now has the "  most high-risk population " for flooding , according to the Army Corps of Engineers . On Tuesday , authorities expect the Mississippi to crest at 48 feet outside the city , less than a foot shy of the record level set in 1937 . With the Mississippi swollen by a month of abnormally high rainfall , its tributaries are overflowing , with nowhere for their water to flow . At least 1,100 homes and trailers in and around Memphis have been evacuated . 400 residents of Shelby County are currently in shelters . On Sunday , officials went door to door to alert others that they may also need to leave their homes . The mayor of Memphis is confident that all those who need to escape the rising waters will be evacuated . MAYOR AC WHARTON , MEMPHIS , TENNESSEE : We 'll get them out . Some are holding out to the last minute , but we think in the end they 're going to come on out . FIRFER : Officials say while there is great pressure on the levees around Memphis , they are currently performing as expected . END VIDEO Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The United States and China have the world 's largest economies . Legit ! That means these countries have a lot of influence when it comes to global finances . Economic Talks AZUZ : Well , the global economy is one of the big issues ahead as representatives from the U.S. and China meet in Washington this week . This is the third set of meetings between the two governments . Last week , one Chinese economic official said , "  To be frank , we have different views that make discussion necessary . " Some of those different views have to do with the economic policies of the U.S. and China . Since they 're the world 's biggest economies , what each country does -- its economic practices , the decisions it makes -- can have a pretty big impact on the other nation . Some other subjects are likely to come up during the meetings . That includes human rights , concerns about North Korea 's nuclear program , and the U.S. and China working together to fight terrorism . Reactors AZUZ : Moving to Japan , where officials are shutting down a nuclear power plant . Not the Fukushima Daiichi plant , the one we 've talked about since Japan 's earthquake and tsunami in March . No , the one we 're talking about today is the Hamaoka plant . The owner announced it 's being shut down after Japan 's prime minister warned that Hamaoka was vulnerable to natural disasters , like the ones that damaged the Fukushima plant . Hamaoka 's owner says safety is his company 's first priority . Meanwhile , workers went back inside one of the reactors at the Fukushima plant yesterday . They were checking on a ventilation system that was installed last week . The system is filtering out radioactive substances so that engineers can go in and shut down the reactor . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Miss Abromitis ' class at the Sarah Rawson Smith School in Atlanta , Georgia ! What is the scientific name for a fear of heights ? Here we go ! Is it : A  Agoraphobia , B  Aurophobia , C  Acrophobia or D  Arachnophobia ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Fear of heights is acrophobia , from the root word acro , which means height . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Gamma Phi Circus AZUZ : That 's also where we get the word acrobat , like tightrope walkers and trapeze artists ; the kind of folks you 'd see in a circus . Ted Rowlands visited a school in Illinois where students can train to be part of the show . It 's not clown college . It 's a regular university where the person sitting next to you in Chemistry 101 could be double-majoring in Circus Studies . BEGIN VIDEO UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Is our identity going to become more external than it has been internal ? TED ROWLANDS , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Sarah Bowden is a sophomore at Illinois State University . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Boys and girls , children of all ages . ROWLANDS : She is also a circus performer . Sarah is part of Illinois State 's Gamma Phi Circus , a school-sponsored circus team that dates back to 1929 . It 's the oldest of two college circus programs in the country ; the other is at Florida State . SARAH BOWDEN , CIRCUS PERFORMER , ILLINOIS STATE UNIVERSITY STUDENT : So , this is the basic way to get up into the lyric hoop . ROWLANDS : Sarah was a gymnast in high school , but like most of her teammates had no circus experience . What do your parents think of all this ? BOWDEN : My parents are really supportive . You know , the minute I joined the circus , they 're like , "  What , you joined the circus ? " MARCUS ALOUAN , CIRCUS DIRECTOR , ILLINOIS STATE UNIVERSITY : I think any one of us who has ever come through Gamma Phi Circus has had that conversation with their parents where they 're trying to explain that it 's still a part of the university , but it 's something in addition to going to classes . ROWLANDS : Marcus Alouan , a former student at Illinois State and circus performer , is now the director of the circus program . ALOUAN : For the most part , we look for somebody who 's strong , hardworking and coachable . ROWLANDS : And does n't have a fear of heights ? ALOUAN : That certainly helps . Although , actually , we have a lot of people who seek us out because they want to overcome that . ROWLANDS : Senior Nena Woo , who broke her arm in a trapeze fall , says after graduating , she wants to join a professional circus . NENA WOO , CIRCUS PERFORMER , ILLINOIS STATE UNIVERSITY STUDENT : I 'm graduating with a degree in public relations . If I can do that with a circus company or somewhere in entertainment , I 'd love to do that . ROWLANDS : The circus team has about 75 members . They do n't compete , but they do perform every spring . Dating back more than 80 years , Gamma Phi Circus puts on a series of shows at the university . This was Sarah 's first performance . BOWDEN : Not in a million years did I think I 'd be in a circus . So , I am so happy that I did it , though . ROWLANDS : Ted Rowlands , CNN , Normal , Illinois . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : A school without grade levels : We talked about this last Wednesday . You 're talking about it right now ! Alexis starts us off : "  It would help with discipline problems , but with everybody working at their own pace , some students wo n't get the push they need . " Avery is home schooled , but thinks students should n't be grouped by age but by knowledge . "  Some students in a class grouped by age may be behind or ahead and thus ignored . " Clive says it could be a good idea . "  Teachers wo n't have to worry about leaving students behind who struggle or giving students who are ahead lessons on what they already know . " From Meg : "  A big part of school is the social part . All kids deserve to be with kids who are going through the same things . " Celeste writes , "  students who usually get caught behind will have a better chance to truly learn the material rather than sit in a class they do n't understand . " But Alex argues , "  It could make kids feel like they are n't as smart as their classmates , which would degrade their work . Some might get picked on because they are n't at the same level . " Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we want to show you some baby pictures . Never said they were gon na be human . This mini-me here is the newest addition to a safari park in Florida . Her name is Laini , and she 's a southern white rhinoceros . It 's usually not polite to talk about a lady 's weight , but Laini -- who 's less than two weeks old -- already weighs 50 pounds ! One thing 's for sure : she does not have a dry wit , or any kind of a sense of humor , really . Goodbye AZUZ : You can go ahead and ask her . Are you wry ? No , serious . Rhi-no-cerus . It was n't our best pun , but will it be our last ? Rhi-no , no it wo n't . I 'm Carl Azuz , and CNN Student News will be herding back your way tomorrow .	Follow the path and impact of flooding along the Mississippi River Find out why officials are shutting down another Japanese nuclear plant Visit a university in Illinois where students study the circus arts Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Singer Etta James is "  nearing the ends of her time , " but her health has improved in recent days allowing doctors to remove the respirator that was helping her breathe , according to her sons ' lawyer . James , 73 , has been in a Southern California hospital for two weeks battling the final stages of terminal leukemia and suffering from dementia . The "  At Last " singer spent New Year 's Eve watching the ball drop with her sons , Donto and Sametto James , in her hospital room , said Donto James , who played drums in his mother 's Roots band for 15 years . "  She 's all right , " James said . "  My brother and I would like to see her stay in the hospital a little longer until she gets more stable . Our main concern is for her to be taken care of right . " Paul Wright , a lawyer represents the sons in their dispute with Etta James ' husband over who makes decisions for her , said Sunday that the singer is "  nearing the ends of her time , but she 's a tough lady . " The judge overseeing James ' conservatorship approved an agreement last month in which husband Artis Mills is the conservator , but he must equally share "  end of life " decisions with the sons , Wright said . Mills is also limited in how much of her estate he can spend and he can not "  encumber her music catalog , " Wright said .	NEW : James ' sons share "  end of life " decisions with husband , lawyer says The "  At Last " singer is battling the final stages of terminal leukemia She is also suffering from dementia Etta James was hospitalized on December 21
CNN  -- Even when working at his father 's gas station when he was a boy , Baz Luhrmann had an eye for great stories . "  The gas station itself was like an island , and the variety of humanity that would stop , each person had a story ... whether there was a family arguing , whether there was a love affair or Christians trying to convert people , " he told CNN . Luhrmann has gone from observing those road-side slices of life to making big screen hits , like "  Moulin Rouge " and "  Australia " , and made a name for himself as an imaginative filmmaker with an eye for the spectacular . "  As a little kid in the middle of nowhere in a tiny country town , I had no problem ... imagining the big story , the big myth , the big adventure . I just go , ` Would n't it be great if ... ' and I always think that 'd be easy , that would n't be a big deal , that would n't cause a stir . Next thing I find myself going down that road , causing a stir , people saying , ` how experimental ' . " His breakthrough film "  Strictly Ballroom " grossed $ 80 million at the box office , but until it became a surprise hit of the 1992 Cannes Film Festival , it had been rubbished by distributors in Australia . The turnaround came when he secured a midday screening for the film at Cannes . "  The following morning we held the record for the most number of sales ever in Cannes by an independent film ... and it 's a bit like when a moment like that happens , my life has been kind of like a holiday that I 've never come home from . " Watch the full show on CNN from Wednesday 13.30 GMT	Australian filmmaker grew up in a small town working at his father 's gas station Always had a eye for stories and vivid imagination ` Strictly Ballroom ' was his first film and was a surprise hit
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan arrested two senior police officials Wednesday in connection with the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . A court refused bail for the two officials , Saud Aziz and Khurram Shehzad , said special public prosecutor Chaudhary Zulfiqar Ali . Aziz was the police chief in the Rawalpindi district at the time of Bhutto 's assassination while Shehzad was the head of her security team . The two have been accused of security breaches , covering up evidence by hosing down the crime scene and failing to conduct a post-mortem examination on Bhutto . Aziz and Shehzad said Bhutto 's husband and the current president , Asif Ali Zardari , ordered them to not conduct the post-mortem . An audio of that request was played in court Wednesday . The court found the two men had failed their legal obligation as police . A United Nations panel looking into Bhutto 's assassination concluded that Pakistan 's military-led former government failed to adequately protect her and that intelligence agencies hindered the subsequent investigation . The panel 's scathing report in April said the suicide bombing that killed Bhutto "  could have been prevented " and that police deliberately failed to pursue an effective investigation into the killings . The government of Gen. Pervez Musharraf said Bhutto had been afforded adequate protection . Bhutto had returned from a self-imposed , eight-year exile to run in the country 's general elections in 2007 . She escaped one attempt on her life but was killed on December 27 by a 15-year-old suicide bomber while campaigning in Rawalpindi , the seat of Pakistan 's military . "  No one believes that this boy acted alone , " the U.N. report said . "  A range of government officials failed profoundly in their efforts first to protect Ms. Bhutto , and second to investigate with vigor all those responsible for her murder , not only in the execution of the attack , but also in its conception , planning and financing . " The two police officials are scheduled to appear for a hearing January 7 . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Two police officials are accused of security breaches and covering up evidence Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto of Pakistan assassinated in December 2007 Officials said Bhutto 's husband ordered them not to conduct a port-mortem exam
CNN  -- As President Barack Obama made his impassioned speech at Nelson Mandela 's funeral at a soccer stadium in Soweto , the poverty-stricken Johannesburg township that was a stronghold of support for the anti-apartheid struggle , he was standing at the procession of one of the people who had the greatest impact on his life . Mandela shaped his career . "  Over 30 years ago , while still a student , " the president said , "  I learned of Nelson Mandela and the struggles in this beautiful land . It stirred something in me . And while I will always fall short of Madiba 's example , he makes me want to be a better man . " Obama praised what this leader had accomplished for racial equality and in bringing down the apartheid regime . The speech , the first African-American president in the United States speaking at the funeral of the first black president of South Africa , is important in that it brings us back to the transformational nature of Obama , a basic fact that has been lost in all the partisan tumult and vitriol of the last few years . Since he entered office , the very moment that brought so many Americans to tears , everything quickly returned to politics as usual . Heated debates unfolded about his legislative agenda , and the underlying significance of his election in terms of the nation 's racial history faded for too many Americans . While observers will be interpreting the meaning of each word in Obama 's speech through the prism of domestic politics , examining each handshake with foreign leaders to glean the implications for international policy , the speech itself and Obama standing in Mandela 's shadow should be powerful reminders of the progress that we have made in race relations . Nelson Mandela and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. were part of a global struggle for equality in the 1950s and 1960s that rocked societies that were built on the foundation of racial inequality . While civil rights leaders in the United States and freedom fighters in South Africa took different paths and faced different challenges , their goals were similar . In South Africa , Mandela would eventually help to bring down the apartheid regime and dismantle a brutal system of white rule . Within the United States , the civil rights movement ended legalized racial segregation and strengthened the ability of the federal government -- until this year -- to protect African-American voting rights . The election of an African-American president was also part of these long-term accomplishments , bringing down another barrier in political leadership that once seemed unmovable . The civil rights accomplishments were incomplete . Many problems facing African-Americans still persist and have sometimes been ignored by policymakers . The disproportionate number of African-Americans in U.S. prisons remains a blight on the nation 's record . The devastating conditions facing certain African-Americans living in the inner city are part of another massive problem that needs to be repaired . Racism , moreover , has reared its head in recent years among some of Obama 's detractors . But Obama 's speech is a healthy and much needed reminder about what took place in 2008 and what he will mean in the American history textbook for decades to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Obama and Mandela : The two first black presidents of their nations Mandela a big influence on Obama , who said , "  He makes me want to be a better man " Zelizer : Obama 's election was transformational despite political vitriol since then Problems persist , he says , but civil rights have come far in U.S. and South Africa
CNN  -- Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba confirmed his switch to China 's Shanghai Shenhua on Wednesday , a move which will reunite him with former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka . Drogba announced he would leave Chelsea days after scoring the penalty which beat Bayern Munich in last month 's European Champions League final , and the 34-year-old has signed a two-year deal to become the Chinese Super League 's latest high-profile star . The two-time African footballer of the year will reportedly be paid Â # 200,000  $ 315,000  a week , which would make him China 's highest-paid player . "  I have considered all the offers I have received in the past few weeks , but feel that Shanghai Shenhua FC is the right move for me at this time , " said Drogba in a statement released through his representatives . "  I am looking forward to a new challenge , to experiencing a new culture , and I 'm excited about the new developments in the Chinese Super League . "  I hope to help promote Chinese football around the world and further improve the links between China and Africa . " Former France international Anelka made the move from Stamford Bridge to Shanghai in January and even had a brief spell as the team 's coach following Jean Tigana 's exit in April . Former Argentina coach Sergio Batista is now in charge of the team , and he is looking forward to working with former Marseille star Drogba . "  Drogba is a very good soccer player , his outstanding skills and amazing experience will give us motivation to improve our games , " said Argentina 's 1986 World Cup winner . "  It is my honor to invite him to join in our team . At last I have to say that the club owner Zhu Jun did his utmost to bring Drogba to Shenhua . " Shanghai is currently 12th in the league , with only three wins all season . But Shenhua owner Zhu is confident Drogba can have a positive impact on results as he seeks his first title since taking over in 2007 -- and the club 's first since 2003 . Drogba scored 157 goals for Chelsea in his eight seasons at the club , winning three English Premier League titles , four FA Cups and two League Cups as well as the London club 's long-awaited first European crown . "  We have been wanting to sign Didier for a while , and are very happy that it has finally happened , " said Zhu . "  He is an incredible player , who has won so many trophies in his career , we feel that his experience and ability will be a very valuable asset to our squad . "  Shanghai is one of the most influential cities in the world , and we are very excited to welcome Didier here . " Drogba and Anelka are two of a number of soccer stars to have joined China 's premier football competition . Italy 's World Cup-winning coach Marcello Lippi is now in charge at Guangzhou Evergrande , an ambitious club who in the last year have signed Argentine Dario Conca and Paraguay 's Lucas Barrios .	Didier Drogba signs a two-year deal with China 's Shanghai Shenhua The Ivory Coast striker announced he would leave Chelsea last month Drogba scored the penalty which won Chelsea the European Champions League The 34-year-old will be reunited with former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- Jairo Tellez 's seafood distribution business is a family affair . In the industrial warehouse that houses J and V Mariscos on the west side of Phoenix , his wife , Vicki , and four of his seven children load trucks , take phone calls , enter data and help care for his infant grandson , who has a playpen in Tellez 's office . But with portions of Arizona 's controversial immigration enforcement law set to take effect Thursday , the business is in limbo . "  If people are not eating , we 're not selling , " said Wendy Cisneros , a family friend who works in the back office . "  We 've lost 60 percent of sales , and right now the future 's uncertain . We do n't know if we 're going to stay in the state ; we do n't know if we 're going to close the business . Everything 's up in the air . " Most of their clients cater to the Latino community , which has effectively gone into hiding amid concerns that they may have to leave the state as soon as the bill becomes law , Cisneros said . A key part of Arizona 's immigration law was temporarily blocked by a judge Wednesday . This means police wo n't be required to ask people about their immigration status . Toobin : What does Arizona immigration ruling mean ? But for the Tellez family business and others like it , the damage from the controversy already is done . Reduced spending in restaurants , grocery and retail stores has triggered a domino effect among businesses in the metro Phoenix business community and throughout Arizona . To stay afloat even as their clients disappear or reduce inventory orders , the business has reduced employees ' hours and cut back operations in the industrial warehouse , home to several large freezers and forklifts and an office sparsely decorated with posters of illustrated fish and cuts of meat . Perhaps the toughest decision was to halt lines of credit to customers , even those with good history , she said . "  We ca n't really offer credit anymore because we do n't know if next week they 're going to close the business , " Cisneros said . "  But it 's also a downside because some customers need that credit to operate . " Firm numbers illuminating the economic fallout of SB 1070 are hard to come by as the bill has yet to take effect . Also , summer tends to be slow for business and tourism in Arizona because it 's so hot . But anecdotal evidence from business owners , real estate agents and community leaders indicates the mere specter of the bill has created a culture of fear among Hispanics in Arizona that 's slowly paralyzing sectors of the economy . Hispanics make up 30 percent of the state 's population . The state 's unemployment rate in June rose for the third month in a row , to 9.7 percent . Gov. Jan Brewer signed the bill in April . Traditionally , community groups look to indicators such as the housing market , school enrollment and data from utility companies to track economic fluctuations within a certain group , said Edmundo Hidalgo , president and CEO of Chicanos Por La Causa , a community outreach program in Phoenix . Based on feedback from clients and preliminary data , Hidalgo said his group estimates that rental vacancies in predominantly Latino neighborhoods will be 10 to 15 percent higher than the normal rate of 12 percent . "  People are scared , and they do n't want to wait around to find out what 's going to happen with SB 1070 , " said Hidalgo , whose group offers housing , economic and education services to low-income families and individuals , both undocumented and U.S.-born . "  Regardless of their status , people are frustrated with an environment that 's not accepting and potentially threatening , and they 're fed up with being targeted and singled out by law enforcement . It 's driving them out of the state , and not necessarily to better situations . " Reactions to the Arizona immigration law injunction The Arizona housing market , which was already suffering from one of the highest foreclosure rates in the country , has also taken an extra hit since the passage of the law , according to real estate agents who spoke with CNN . Some homeowners who purchased property in the past year are looking to unload , according to Saul Pua , a real estate agent who sells residential properties in neighborhoods in Phoenix 's Latino communities . "  Most families usually have one person who does n't have papers , and they do n't want to risk being arrested and splitting up the family by staying in Arizona , " said Pua , who is married to one of the daughters of Tellez , the owner of J and V Mariscos . Even during the recession , Pua said business was good because property was cheap , and that in better times , he closed an average of five transactions a month . Since the beginning of the year , however , he has been lucky to sell two properties in a month , and in July , he has n't closed a single deal . "  I had investors buying properties , but now 's who gon na rent them ? " he said . Commercial real estate developer Michael Pollack was in the same situation leading up to Wednesday 's ruling . Since April , clients in predominantly Latino neighborhoods across the state had been pulling out of properties or calling to relay concerns over whether they should stay if the law goes into effect . Today , Pollack said he received several calls from clients expressing relief and letting him know they intended to stay . "  The ruling today has definitely been a move in the right direction for commercial tenants and their customers , who 've been scared that Arizona was n't going be friendly to Hispanic community , " he said . "  This gives the federal government to get to work implementing an immigration policy that the American people will support unanimously and deals with the situation at the border , which is where the real problem is . " Phoenix 's sprawling concrete landscape bears testimony to the abundance of vacant residential and commercial property . "  For sale " signs in English and Spanish adorn brown , sun-scorched lawns and dilapidated parking lots alike , from the heart of downtown Phoenix to as far as Chandler and Mesa -- the district of SB 1070 's sponsor , Republican Sen. Russell Pearce . Boarded-up big-box stores loom large in their vast emptiness , and rows of abandoned strip mall storefronts outnumber those that are occupied in some parts . Not only businesses targeting the Latino community are suffering . Economic boycotts adopted by other states and cities have hit Arizona 's meeting and convention business . Since groups nationwide began announcing boycotts of the state because of SB 1070 , at least 40 meetings have been canceled . That 's resulted in the loss of $ 12 million in lodging alone , according to Kristen Jarnagin , spokeswoman for the Arizona Hotel & Lodging Association . Summer is typically the low season , she noted , and pointed out that tourism was up 8 percent statewide in June 2010 compared with June 2009 , which was one of the "  worst summers ever " because of the recession . Despite that slight uptick , more telling is the lack of inquiries for future bookings , she said . "  What we 're hearing from meeting planners now is they wo n't and ca n't consider Arizona for 2011 , 2012 meetings not necessarily because of their own stance on SB 1070 or the boycott but just because they want to avoid the controversy and do n't want to risk losing attendance , " she said . The absence of meetings and conventions not only affects the hotel industry and its 200,000 employees , but also ancillary businesses such as restaurants , retailers and taxis , Jarnagin said . It seems that not even fast-food joints are immune to the encroaching economic fallout of SB 1070 . As the four Tellez children stood with their parents in their office Wednesday , recounting tales of friends and relatives who have left town or seen families torn apart , daughter Nikki noted her surprise at seeing a shuttered Burger King . "  I was driving down Camelback with my dad and Burger King was closed , and I was like , when have you seen that ? Like Burger King -- everybody goes to Burger King , and that was closed down . "	Anecdotal evidence indicates mere specter of immigration bill is slowly paralyzing economy Hispanics make up 30 percent of the state 's population Gov. Jan Brewer signed the bill in April ; jobless rate has risen each month since Real estate agents , restaurant owner report big slowdown in business
CNN  -- Chilean inspectors stumbled upon hundreds of exotic animals from Peru destined for illegal trade while conducting what they thought was going to be a routine inspection of a fishing boat , the government said Tuesday . A family of Scarlet macaws in Costa Rica in June 2008 at a zoo aimed at conserving the species . The Chilean boat , the Rosa Isabel , was carrying macaws , toucans , parrots , turtles , squirrels and crocodiles , most of them protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , which prohibits the sale of these species , the government said in a statement . In all , officials counted more than 400 exotic animals from Peru , the statement said . The incident began before dawn , when inspectors from Chile 's Maritime Administration boarded the boat and found the live cargo stuffed inside dozens of cardboard boxes lined with chicken wire and with holes cut on the sides for ventilation . The animals were handed over to the Farm and Cattle Service of Arica , Chile 's northernmost city , for return to Peru , the minister of agriculture said Monday in a statement . The captain of the ship , Moises Segundo Diaz Verdugo , a Chilean national , faces a possible fine of between $ 188,000 and $ 940,000 , to be determined by an Agriculture and Livestock Service  SAG  court . Under an agreement between SAG and the National Institute of Natural Resources of the Republic of Peru , signed in 2007 , the animals will be returned to Peru , SAG said . The national director of SAG , Francisco Bahamonde , credited coordination among various state bodies with impeding the illegal entry of protected species and products that can transmit pests or illnesses and said they would "  redouble " their efforts . Chile busts trade in exotic animals from Peru	More than 400 exotic animals from Peru were found The animals include macaws , toucans , parrots , turtles , squirrels , crocodiles Most of the animals are protected under international pact on endangered species The wildlife will be returned to Peru
CNN  -- When they can see the world , save cash and get that surgery you wanted , it 's no wonder that increasing numbers of travelers are hopping on a jet in search of cut-price healthcare . The worldwide medical tourism industry is said to be growing by up to 25 % each year as patients with passports head abroad for procedures costing as much as 80 % less than at home . Partly fueled by 1.2 million Americans , it 's a sector now estimated to be worth up to $ 55 billion . But where are the best destinations for medical tourism ? Last month , the UK-based International Medical Travel Journal staged its first annual award ceremony recognizing what it says are the top facilities offering treatment to visitors . While many of these establishments offer care for potentially life-threatening cancer or heart problems , patients are just as likely to be seeking cosmetic work to their face , teeth or torso . IMTJ 's managing editor Keith Pollard says the awards , staged in Dubai , are the industry 's first independent stamps of approval on medical tourism providers . Airline travel discounts part of package "  All our winners exemplify the way the medical tourism industry should be run -- professional , offering exceptional patient care and providing the best possible medical outcomes , " Pollard says . The IMTJ divided its winners into categories , including best hospital , specialist patient center , dental clinic , fertility clinic , travel agency and website . Malaysia emerged as one of the prime destinations , with victories in three categories . Gleneagles Kuala Lumpur , a 330-bed care center that offers airline travel discounts to inbound patients on its website , took the hospital accolade . Kuala Lumpur 's Prince Court Medical Center won best fertility clinic , while its International Dental Specialist Center was named as the best place for teeth tuneups . Jordan was named as the best overall destination for what judges said was a remarkable success in handling 250,000 international patients . Click here for a full list of the 2014 Medical Travel Awards winners .	Worldwide medical tourism industry said to be growing by up to 25 % each year The International Medical Travel Journal has staged its first annual award ceremony recognizing best treatment centers Malaysian facilities scooped three awards , winning in hospital , dental and fertility clinic categories
James Rebhorn , whose acting resume includes a long list of character roles in major films and TV shows , died Friday , his representative said Sunday . Rebhorn was 65 . While you may not know his name , Rebhorn 's face may be familiar as the arrogant headmaster in Al Pacino 's "  Scent of a Woman " or the scheming secretary of defense in "  Independence Day . " Think back to the series finale of TV 's "  Seinfeld " in 1998 . Rebhorn played the district attorney . Or perhaps you saw him on the polished crime caper "  White Collar , " where he played loyal FBI chief Reese Hughes for 16 episodes . More recently , he was Frank Matheson in eight episodes of "  Homeland . " James Rebhorn wrote his own obit Rebhorn was one of those busy actors sometimes referred to as "  that guy . " Tall and gangly , he had a face that served him well as a villain or corrupt politician . "  He died on Friday at home with his loving family in attendance , " his representative , Dianne Busch , told CNN . Other notable film roles were in "  My Cousin Vinny " in 1992 and "  The Game " in 1997 . His movie career earned Rebhorn an invitation to become a member of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts & Sciences in 2007 . Rebhorn 's early screen acting career including regular roles on several soaps , including "  Search for Tomorrow " and "  As the World Turns , " which earned him an outstanding supporting actor nomination by Soap Opera Digest in 1992 , according to the Internet Movie Database . His stage acting career included membership in New York 's Ensemble Studio Theatre . Other recent deaths in world of entertainment : David Brenner , Sheila MacRae and Harold Ramis People we 've lost in 2014	Rebhorn was the arrogant headmaster in Al Pacino 's "  Scent of a Woman " He played the scheming secretary of defense in "  Independence Day " Other notable film roles were in "  My Cousin Vinny " in 1992 and "  The Game " in 1997 More recently , he was Frank Matheson in eight episodes of "  Homeland "
Editor 's note : James Alan Fox is Lipman Family Professor of Criminal Justice and professor of law , policy and society at Northeastern University in Boston . Fox has written 16 books , including "  Extreme Killing : Understanding Serial and Mass Murder " and is writing a book on school violence and security . James Alan Fox says perpetrators of mass shootings usually do not suddenly go berserk . CNN  -- Massacre/suicide has become an all too familiar sight on the electronic pages of this and other news sites . But Tuesday 's rampage in Samson , Alabama -- with a body count reaching to the double digits -- forces us to struggle mightily in search of plausible explanations and effective solutions . What could have prompted 28-year-old Michael McLendon to shoot to death his mother , grandmother , uncle , cousin and six others -- some of whom appear just to have been in the worst place at the worst time -- before turning the gun on himself ? Mayor Clay King summarized the collective bewilderment in Samson in the immediate aftermath of the bloodshed . "  I do n't think anybody has any idea of what the motive is , " he said . In just over a few moments of horror , this rural community of a couple thousand residents that had n't had a single homicide in well over a decade , based on FBI crime reports , now had a multitude of questions about the will to kill . "  Apparently something just snapped , " speculated Wynnton Melton , mayor of Geneva , Alabama , the community just outside Samson where McLendon ended his own life after a police chase . Because McLendon chose suicide , the complete truth to his motivation may never be known . But from what can be learned from countless similar episodes in America and abroad , the crime may not be so unfathomable after all Contrary to the widely held belief of "  snap judgment , " perpetrators of mass murder -- and family annihilation in particular -- generally do not suddenly go berserk . If he was like most others who have walked in his shoes , McLendon would have contemplated his actions for some period of time , surely more than the few moments it took to load his assault rifle . With a list of enemies and a large arsenal , his planning would probably have reflected calm deliberation and cool determination . In decades of research in collaboration with my Northeastern University colleague Jack Levin , certain common characteristics of mass killers emerge time and time again . First , the perpetrators tend to have experienced a long history of frustration and failure , resulting in a diminished ability to cope with life 's disappointments . Second , they typically externalize blame , frequently complaining that others did n't give them a decent chance . Without this , their destructiveness would instead be directed inward . In addition , these killers generally lack emotional support from friends or family . They are loners as well as losers . Lacking this support system and reality check , they come to perceive some precipitating event as being absolutely catastrophic . This most often involves some kind of major disappointment : the loss of a job , the breakup of a relationship or financial ruin , surely a major issue in today 's economy . Finally , they need access to a weapon powerful and rapid enough to satisfy their intense need for revenge . Without much hope for a brighter tomorrow , these assailants often decide that life is not worth living ; rather than just taking their own life in quiet solitude , they are eager for payback . It becomes their all-consuming mission to avenge , with a death penalty , against those who caused them to suffer -- in reality or perhaps only in their paranoid interpretation of events . Experiencing disappointment and failure so profound as to extinguish their desire to survive , most mass killers deliberately and methodically execute those closest to them , those they hold responsible for their troubles . There is little surprise , therefore , that mass murder overwhelmingly involves family members or co-workers , not total strangers . Although there certainly are many well-known episodes of random slaughter of complete strangers , these are more the exception than the rule . In the wake of extraordinary shooting sprees like the Alabama tragedy , calls for tighter gun control typically surface as a possible policy response for prevention . Yet the mass shooting just hours later and thousands of miles away in rural Germany , where gun limits are stricter than in the United States , reminds us that any debate must confront questions broader than just guns , even if the use of a high-powered firearm tends to increase the victim toll . Regrettably , there are no simple fixes nor any means for reliably identifying mass killers before they act , despite the consistent profile . There are tens of thousands of Americans who would fit the mold , yet , fortunately , very few of them decide literally to take matters and guns into their own hands The best we can do , in terms of public policy and hometown approach , is to reach out to those around us who appear to be struggling emotionally or financially and offer friendship , compassion and understanding . At the end of the day , our efforts may not eliminate the risk of mass murder or necessarily deter the next Michael McLendon from turning his community into a personal battle zone , but at least we can enhance the well-being of countless citizens in the process of trying . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Alan Fox .	James Alan Fox : Alabama and Germany shootings raise questions about motive Evidence in many cases shows killers do n't suddenly go berserk , he says Fox says mass killers react after losses and lack social support system He says they blame others , rather than themselves , for their failures
CNN  -- Iran has hanged a man who was convicted of killing one of its nuclear scientists , state-run Press TV reported Tuesday . Majid Jamali Fashi was convicted of the January 2010 killing of Massoud Ali Mohammadi , an Iranian university professor and a nuclear scientist . He was also convicted of spying . Prosecutors accused him of working for Israel 's spy agency , Mossad , and said he was paid $ 120,000 by Israel to carry out the hit . Israel does not comment on such claims . The killing was among a series of attacks against Iranian nuclear scientists in recent years . In January , Iran sent a letter to the United Nations secretary-general alleging that the killings of the scientists were terrorist attacks that followed a clear pattern . "  There is firm evidence that certain foreign quarters are behind such assassinations , " the letter said . "  It is highly expected from the secretary-general of the United Nations , and President of the Security Council of the United Nations , as well as all other relevant organs and bodies , to condemn , in the strongest terms , these inhumane terrorist acts . " Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan , another nuclear scientist , was killed in a blast in Tehran in January after a motorcyclist placed a magnetic bomb under Roshan 's Peugeot 405 automobile . Mohammadi and one other scientist were killed in a similar fashion in the last two years . With no one claiming responsibility , the killings remain shrouded in mystery . In January , Mohammad Khazaee , Iran 's U.N. ambassador , blamed Israel for the attacks . "  They are trying to assassinate the Iranian scientists to deprive Iranians from the right of using peaceful nuclear energy , " Khazaee said . "  We believe that these terrorist attacks are supported by some elements -- especially within the Israeli regime , as well as some quarters around the world . " Israel generally refuses to comment on accusations and speculation . After Roshan 's death , Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces , said on his Facebook page Wednesday , "  I have no idea who targeted the Iranian scientist but I certainly do n't shed a tear . " Some in Iran have pointed to the United States , but U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rejected the claims . "  I want to categorically deny any United States involvement in any kind of act of violence inside Iran , " she said in January .	Majid Jamali Fashi was convicted of the January 2010 killing of a university professor He was also convicted of spying for Israel Israel does not comment on such claims The killing was one of several attacks on Iranian scientists
A U.S. soldier charged with plotting to blow up troops from the nation 's largest Army post has been found guilty of a battery of federal charges , prosecutors announced Thursday . Naser Jason Abdo was found guilty of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , attempted murder of federal employees , and weapons charges , the U.S. attorney 's office in Waco , Texas , said . Prosecutors said the 22-year-old private first class wanted to bomb a restaurant frequented by soldiers from Fort Hood , in Killeen , Texas . Special coverage : The Fort Hood shootings Abdo was absent without leave from Fort Campbell , Kentucky , when he was arrested in Texas in July 2011 . Prosecutors said he was in the process of building a bomb when he was caught . The Muslim-American paratrooper had been granted conscientious objector status after refusing to deploy to Afghanistan . In May 2011 , he was charged with possession of child pornography , and went AWOL the following month . Judge wants to see tapes of alleged Gitmo abuse In a November interview with CNN affiliate WSMV in Nashville , Tennessee , Abdo said he originally planned to attack his own post , hoping to kill "  a high-ranking member of my chain of command " who had served in Afghanistan . But he said he went AWOL after military police learned he had visited gun stores and bought a variety of tools he planned to use in that attack , including a cattle prod , handcuffs and shovels . Instead , he turned his attention to Fort Hood , where another Muslim-American soldier , Army Maj. Nidal Hasan , is accused of gunning down 13 comrades and wounding more than 30 others . "  I felt like the only way to freedom or justice was martyrdom , " Abdo told WSMV .	Naser Jason Abdo was arrested in Texas in July Prosecutors said he planned to bomb a restaurant near Fort Hood Abdo faces a possible life sentence with his conviction
CNN  -- Can you be identified only by where you take your phone ? Yes , according to a new study , which finds it 's not very hard at all . While most of us are free to go wherever we want , our daily and weekly movement patterns are pretty predictable . We go to work , to school , to church , to our neighborhood gym , grocery store or coffee shop , and we come home -- all quietly tracked by the GPS in our phone . And with nothing more than this anonymous location data , someone who wanted to badly enough could easily figure out who you are by tracking your smartphone . Patterns of our movements , when traced on a map , create something akin to a fingerprint that is unique to every person . Those are the findings of a report by researchers from MIT and elsewhere , published this week in the journal Scientific Reports . They say that , throughout history , people have always yearned for some degree of privacy , and there have always been others who wanted to keep an eye on them . With modern technology , they say , tracking people is easier than ever . "  Modern information technologies such as the Internet and mobile phones , however , magnify the uniqueness of individuals , further enhancing the traditional challenges to privacy , " they wrote . "  Mobility data is among the most sensitive data currently being collected . Mobility data contains the approximate whereabouts of individuals and can be used to reconstruct individuals ' movements across space and time . " The growing push to track your location indoors For the study , the research team studied 15 months of anonymous mobile data for roughly 1.5 million people . What they found was that , if they got accurate hourly updates on a person 's whereabouts , tracked by their mobile carrier 's cell towers , four "  data points " were all they needed to figure out the person 's identity 95 % of the time . That 's the sort of thing that has privacy advocates , like the Electronic Frontier Foundation , worried . In a wrap-up of last year 's developments in mobile privacy , the group 's Hanni Fakhoury and Marcia Hofmann noted that , in multiple cases , law enforcement has approached wireless carriers for mobile data to track users . At least one court has ruled that users have no reasonable expectation of privacy regarding their cell phone data . "  T  he government claims that cell phone users give up their privacy rights because they have voluntarily disclosed their physical location to the cell phone providers every time a phone connects to the provider 's cell tower , " EFF said in a statement related to an October court case . " ... However , this theory undermines privacy in nearly any networked communication . " Increasingly , the makers of mobile operating systems are opening up anonymous location data to developers designing apps that do things like target local advertising to the users . Apple , for example , states in its privacy policy that it can share anonymous mobile data with "  partners and licensees . " The study 's authors said keeping data anonymous is not necessarily enough to ensure real privacy . "  A simply anonymized dataset does not contain name , home address , phone number or other obvious identifier , " they wrote . "  Yet , if individual 's patterns are unique enough , outside information can be used to link the data back to an individual . " So , for example , say that you wake up at home every morning , head to the office five days a week , then hit the gym on three of those days . That 's three data points already . Then maybe you go to the same church , or restaurant for brunch , every Sunday . There 's the fourth -- plenty to figure out who you are , the authors say . Every additional location you hit regularly just makes it that much easier . Like EFF , the study 's authors said that has troubling implications . "  These findings represent fundamental constraints to an individual 's privacy and have important implications for the design of frameworks and institutions dedicated to protect the privacy of individuals , " they wrote .	Report : It 's easy to identify smartphone users by their movements Researchers from MIT and elsewhere tracked 1.5 million people for 15 months Each mobile user 's daily movements are unique and create a "  fingerprint " Privacy advocates worry how law enforcement and others may use that data
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- A campaign aide to Florida gubernatorial candidate Alex Sink has been removed after the Democratic nominee was sent a text message during a televised debate -- in violation of the rules that the candidates agreed to . Sink 's campaign did not name the advisor . But a campaign spokesman confirmed it was Brian May , who signed the rules agreement before the Monday evening debate . The incident took place at the CNN/St . Petersburg Times Florida gubernatorial debate when Sink 's make-up artist delivered a two-sentence message on a cell phone during a break . Republican nominee Rick Scott , who was sitting next to Sink in the nationally televised debate , noticed the violation and notified a CNN official . The CNN official approached the make-up artist and Sink , and confiscated the cell phone . The message read : "  The attorney who -LSB- w -RSB- on the Sykes suit said alex sink did nothing wrong . Tell not to let him keep talking about her . " After the debate , the Sink campaign released a statement from the candidate announcing that the advisor who sent the message has been removed from the campaign . "  After the debate tonight , one of my campaign advisors admitted he tried to communicate with me during one of the breaks , " Sink said . "  While he told me it was out of anger with Rick Scott 's repeated distortion of facts , it was a foolish thing to do . It violated a debate agreement and I immediately removed him from the campaign . " Earlier in the day , officials with both campaigns signed a statement that agreed , among other things , that no notes would be allowed . "  There will be no opening and closing statements , no notes and no props on stage , " read the statement . "  Candidates will be provided water , notepad and pen . " CNN did not allow campaign aides to accompany the candidates backstage , but Sink and Scott were permitted to use their own make-up artists during the debate . On the air after the commercial break , Scott pointed out the breach . "  First Alex , you say you always follow the rules , " he said . "  The rule was no one was supposed to give us messages during the break , and your campaign did with an iPad or an iPod . " For the record , the device Sink read from was neither an iPad nor an iPhone but a Droid smartphone .	During a break , Sink is shown a text message from an aide Sink campaign says the sender was angry at Scott 's "  distortion of facts " Debate rules say no notes are allowed The incident takes place during the CNN/St . Petersburg Times televised debate
CNN  -- Thousands of spectators turned out to cheer on competitors in the 2011 Dakar Rally as the historic race got underway in Buenos Aires , Argentina on Saturday . The 15-day race will see 407 vehicles  of 430 original entries  embark on a grueling 13 stages and attempt to cover a distance of 9,500 kilometers  5,900 miles  , before crossing the finish line back in the Argentine capital on January 15 . A total of 140 cars , 170 motorbikes , 67 lorries and 30 quadbikes started stage one of the race from the Buenos Aires ' Avenue of July 9 . All competitors are heading northwest to Victoria , in the Argentine province of Entre Rios , 377 kilometer  234 miles  away . The race will begin in earnest on Sunday with the second stage to Cordoba . Racers will cross the border into Chile on Wednesday heading north towards the border with Peru before heading back south through the Andes mountains and on to the Atacama Desert . From there , they will head east and back into Argentina for the closing stages of the race . Fear and loathing in South America The rally which began in 1978 was traditionally held in Europe and Africa . But after concerns about terrorism forced the cancellation of the 2008 , the rally was relocated to Argentina and Chile the following year . Last year 's winner in the car race , Spain 's Carlos Sainz -- driving for Volkswagen Motorsport -- is back to defend his title , but he 'll face a stiff challenge from the likes of Nasser al-Attiyah from Qatar and Mark Miller from the United States . But the Spaniard and former double world rally champion remains undaunted by the competition . "  I 'll only be thinking about how I 'm going to race and to do my job well . As usual , I 'll be racing at my pace and in my own special way , " Sainz told www.dakar.com on Friday . Meanwhile in the motorcycle race , France 's Cyril Despres will be hoping to successfully defend the title he claimed in 2010 .	Spectators cheer off participants at the start of the 2011 Dakar Rally in Buenos Aires A total of 407 vehicles start the race which lasts 15 days and covers 9,500 kilometers Racers will cover 13 stages in both Argentina and Chile
Detroit  CNN  -- The judge in the federal trial of alleged "  underwear bomber " Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab refused Tuesday to prevent the prosecution from calling the device he allegedly carried a "  bomb . " U.S. District Judge Nancy Edmunds also refused to exclude a photo of AbdulMutallab 's burned genitals from the evidence . Before the prosecution began its opening statement , defense standby counsel Anthony Chambers asked that the prosecutors not be allowed to use the words "  explosive device " or "  bomb " during the trial . It 's up to the jury to decide whether the device AbdulMutallab was carrying was a bomb , Chambers argued . "  I 'm going to deny that motion , " responded Edmunds . "  It makes no sense whatsoever . " As for the photo , the judge said it did not seem "  unusually prejudicial . " AbdulMutallab , accused of trying to detonate an explosive device in his underwear aboard a Christmas 2009 flight to Detroit , has said he will represent himself . The prosecution delivered a 90-minute opening statement . The defense said it would reserve the right to give an opening statement at a later point in the trial in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan . At one point , AbdulMutallab joined the attorneys for a sidebar with the judge . While at previous court appearances AbdulMutallab has had outbursts -- including yelling "  Osama 's alive , " a reference to Osama bin Laden , according to a court official -- he remained calm Tuesday . AbdulMutallab wore a traditional African gown , gray with gold-colored braiding . AbdulMutallab was indicted on charges including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism , and possession of a firearm or destructive device in furtherance of an act of violence . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . He was a passenger on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 en route from the Netherlands to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 . U.S. officials say the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the alleged bombing attempt . Jonathan Tukel , chief of the National Security Unit for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Eastern District of Michigan , laid out details of the flight in his opening statement . Passengers were from 26 different countries , most of them American and Dutch , he said . "  Everyone had someplace to be . All but one . " Pointing to AbdulMutallab , Tukel said , "  His sole reason for being on Flight 253 was to kill all of the passengers and himself . He thought he 'd end up in heaven . " After taking numerous trips to the bathroom , AbdulMutallab went back to the bathroom about an hour before the plane was to land , "  to purify himself to die , " Tukel said . AbdulMutallab did not eat or drink on the plane , a fast that was part of ritual purification , Tukel said . A witness testified that AbdulMutallab was in the bathroom for about 15 to 20 minutes , which seemed long to the passenger , Tukel said . When AbdulMutallab returned to his seat , he pulled a blanket over his head , "  pushed the plunger on the bomb and prepared to die , " Tukel said . Passengers heard a loud noise , which sounded like a firecracker , Tukel said . AbdulMutallab became enveloped in a fireball which then spread to the wall and carpeting of the plane , yet he remained in his seat "  expressionless , completely blank , " Tukel said . Four passengers helped subdue him and tried to put out the fire , Tukel said , and AbdulMutallab was escorted up to first class . When a flight attendant asked him what he had in his pockets , he called it "  an explosive device , " Tukel said . Tukel added that AbdulMutallab was very verbal and spoke with many people , including some on the flight and officials once the flight landed . The prosecution also called its first witness Tuesday , Michael Zantow , who was on the flight one row behind AbdulMutallab . Zantow , a 20-year veteran of the Army , was among those who tried to restrain the defendant . Within a minute of the loud sound on the plane , a passenger said to AbdulMutallab , "  Hey man , your pants are on fire ! " Zantow testified . The passenger repeated himself two or three times , and AbdulMutallab did not respond , Zantow said . The jury is made up of three white men and nine women -- six white , two African-American and one Southeast Asian . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick and Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  He thought he 'd end up in heaven , " the prosecutor says of AbdulMutallab NEW : A witness testifies that another passenger yelled , "  Hey man , your pants are on fire ! " NEW : AbdulMutallab joins attorneys for a sidebar with the judge NEW : AbdulMutallab remained calm through the proceedings
CNN  -- A 20-year-old Florida woman was in critical condition Friday after she shot and killed her 6-month-old son and then turned the gun on herself , police said . Authorities found Melanie Reyes and her baby after performing a welfare check at the request of Reyes ' family , who called 911 to report a statement on her Facebook page in which she "  indicated she was going to shoot her child and herself , " according to the Marion County Sheriff 's Office . Both were transported to a hospital , where the infant was pronounced dead . Police recovered the handgun believed used in the shootings from the home . The incident comes roughly two weeks after Reyes was arrested for aggravated domestic battery after her boyfriend said she struck him with a baseball bat , according to a police report . Her next court date had been scheduled for January 22 . Read more : What drives a mom to kill ? CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	The mother is in critical condition Her 6-month-old son died of his injuries Her family says she posted her plans on Facebook
CNN  -- As a gunman opened fire at Los Angeles International Airport , some celebrities who were there shared via social media what they were witnessing . Tory Belleci of the hit Discovery network show "  Mythbusters " was actually in the terminal when the shooting occurred . He described to CNN a movielike scene of passengers fleeing for their safety . Suspect shot , in custody after LAX shooting "  It did n't register until everybody started , like , flying down the hallway and they were just jumping over chairs , jumping over people . hiding , and we were kind of trapped at the end of the terminal , " he said . Belleci , who was in the terminal waiting for his flight that had been delayed , said he did not see the shooter , but heard the shots . The experience dragged on for what "  seemed like an eternity , " he said . "  But finally the security came , opened up the door , and we all piled out onto the tarmac , and just kind of hid underneath the plane , " he said . Belleci tweeted details and photos of what was happening following the shooting . Actor James Franco was also at the airport and tweeted an Instagram picture of himself stuck on a plane with the caption "  At #lax Some s ** tbag shot up the place . " Chris Harrison , host of "  The Bachelor " and "  The Bachelorette , " tweeted that he was in Terminal 4 and witnessed an "  Incredible response by LAPD & airport authority . This place was locked tight w precision quickly . God bless first responders ! " Singer Nick Jonas of the recently disbanded Jonas Brothers group tweeted that he was on a flight that landed at LAX after the shooting . His flight , Jonas said , had been scheduled to deplane at the terminal where the shooting had occurred . "  Currently waiting on the plane in a remote parking area , " Jonas tweeted . "  I am safe . Praying for the victims of this shooting . " Actress Tatum O'Neal tweeted that she was at the airport for a flight to New York , saw the shooter and hid in a storage room . "  What a sad sad day but I 'm so lucky to to be alive and I 'm so sorry to all the families of the people that were hurt or even worse , " she tweeted . Actor Tim Daly is best known for roles on the television shows "  Wings " and "  Private Practice . " He told CNN he was inside the Virgin America first-class lounge when he heard shots . Daly and other passengers were herded together by police and waited for an hour to be evacuated , he said . The group had no idea the gunman had been shot by authorities very near where the lounge . "  As we were evacuated , we were told to be careful not to step in any blood or glass as that would be evidence , " Daly said . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Tatum O'Neal tweets that she hid in a storage room NEW : Actor Tim Daly recounts being evacuated from Virgin Airlines lounge "  Incredible response " by authorities , tweets reality show host Chris Harrison "  Mythbusters " star said he and other hid under a plane
Speaking to the nation after Congress reached a deal to reopen the government and temporarily raise the debt ceiling , President Barack Obama said we are "  Americans first " and need to put partisan interests aside to get things done . But can we ? The recent shenanigans do not bode well for the future . The resolution of the shutdown always hinged on whether House Speaker John Boehner , a Republican , would defy the tea party hard-liners in his party and allow a vote on a bill that a majority of Republicans did not support . What have we learned about Boehner 's leadership , or lack thereof ? We are already hearing two extreme viewpoints . Rep. Raul Labrador and other staunch conservatives and tea party members gave him kudos . Boehner 's job as speaker of the House seems safe , at least for now . But others in the Republican Party , and outside of it , say Boehner needs to grow a spine to stand up against the tea party caucus and Sen. Ted Cruz , the ultimate architect of the shutdown fiasco of 2013 . Such differing views about the role Boehner played and how he led his troops reflects the exact polarization that produced the fingernails-to-the-chalkboard tension that caused the shutdown face-off in the first place . GOP , Boehner take shutdown hit in new CNN poll In press conferences and TV appearances , Cruz and House tea party members said time and time again that they were doing what the "  American people " asked them to do . They talked about those who cheered on the government shutdown to get rid of the Affordable Care Act . But polls say most Americans disapproved of the Republican tactics and did not want the government to shut down over Obamacare . These Americans give a historically low disapproval rating to Republicans and the tea party in particular . Those same numbers give Obama and the Democrats confidence in saying they are the ones who are actually listening to the American people . The problem for Boehner as a leader of a fractured caucus is that he is listening to only a small but loud fraction of the American electorate . The voices of this America are vengeful if they do n't get their way . And their leaders were clearly able to compel Boehner to rebuff the other more mainstream and moderate America that seeks compromise and resolution . So did Boehner display good leadership ? For his tea party caucus , yes . For the country , no . And yet , going to the mat for the tea party might enable Boehner to push them hard to avoid this destructive path next time . It might give him the backbone he will need to stand up to them in the coming months and listen to the other "  America " that represents more reasonable middle-of-the-road voices . These also happen to be a majority of the country -- Republicans , Democrats and independents . They are the voters that decide presidential elections and are precisely the ones the tea party is alienating . A defeated GOP wants to unite , move on , fight another day The bigger problem for moderate and pragmatic Republicans is that the tea party does n't care about the Republican Party 's shrinking White House prospects . But it does care about its own and about keeping control of the House of Representatives . This could be enough to get the tea party to rethink its strategy . Americans have had it . The most recent CNN poll shows 54 % of Americans think it is a bad thing for the country that the GOP controls Congress . For the first time ever , polls show 60 % of voters are ready to boot all of Congress out -- including their own representatives . While many strategists believe the House is still safe for Republicans , a recent Public Policy Polling survey , conducted by the Democratic pollster for MoveOn.org , a liberal activist group , suggests that the Democrats in competitive Republican districts are ahead . And Democrats need only to flip 17 districts to gain control of the House . There are 17 districts held by Republicans that Obama won in 2012 . There are 17 districts held by Republicans where Obama lost by 2 points or less . These are districts where because of Boehner 's poor leadership anti-tea party backlash could help Democrats win seats . Boehner 's leadership will soon be tested yet again -- on immigration , the farm bill and the budget , the three issues that Obama says he will push in the remainder of his term . He can choose to be a strong leader for the tea party , or be a strong leader for the country , truly work with Obama and the Democrats , and help heal the battered image of his party and of Washington . He can seal his fate as a true leader , or as the captain of the Titanic .	Maria Cardona : Shutdown resolution hinged on whether Boehner would defy tea party She says Boehner 's job appears safe , but some question his leadership She says he seems to ignore interests of Americans in favor of tea party , a losing proposition Cardona : Boehner must lead if he wants to save GOP House districts that appear vulnerable
CNN  -- Thirty-six years after the release of Stephen King 's novel , "  The Shining , " Danny Torrance is back as his story continues in King 's new book , "  Doctor Sleep . " It will be out September 24 . Many references from the book and movie have left their mark on popular culture , so the CNN Library compiled some fun facts about "  The Shining , " by the numbers . "  REDRUM , " anyone ? 1977 -- The year "  The Shining , " by Stephen King , is released . 3 -- "  The Shining " was Stephen King 's third novel . 53 -- Total number of novels written by Stephen King , including "  Doctor Sleep . " 1980 -- The year the film directed by Stanley Kubrick is released . It stars Jack Nicholson , Shelley Duvall and Danny Lloyd . 36 -- Feature-length films based on works by Stephen King . 5 months -- Length of time for which Jack Torrance  played by Nicholson  is hired to be the caretaker of the Overlook Hotel . 41 -- Percentage of Americans who believe in extrasensory perception . Danny Torrance 's "  shining " is ESP . $ 19 million -- Estimated budget for the movie . $ 44,017,374 -- Total lifetime gross for "  The Shining , " according to the website Box Office Mojo . $ 622,337 -- Gross on its opening weekend , beginning May 23 , 1980 . 146 minutes -- Length of the film when it was first released in the United States . 24 -- Minutes longer the U.S. version of the film is compared with the original version released in the UK . The Brits finally got the version with the additional 24 minutes in 2012 . 5 -- Danny 's age when his dad takes the job at the Overlook Hotel . When he returns in "  Doctor Sleep , " he 's middle-aged . 42 -- The number that appears on Danny 's shirt in the movie . 42 -- Times Danny says "  REDRUM " in his parents ' bedroom before Jack breaks down the door . 68 -- Rank on the American Film Institute 's Top 100 "  Greatest Movie Quotes of All Time " for "  Here 's Johnny ! " 217 -- The number of the haunted hotel room in the book . 237 -- The number of the haunted hotel room in the movie . $ 217 -- Starting rates for the "  Doctor Sleep " promotional package at the Stanley Hotel in Estes Park , Colorado , the real hotel that inspired King 's book . 1 -- Miniseries based on "  The Shining . " A TV version was released in 1997 , starring Steven Weber and Rebecca De Mornay . 12,000 -- Hits in one day in 2005 to film editor Robert Ryang 's secret blog turned viral hit to view his award-winning re-edited trailer of "  The Shining " as a romantic comedy . You 'll never listen to Peter Gabriel 's song "  Solsbury Hill " the same way again . "  Room 237 " -- Name of the 2012 documentary directed by Rodney Ascher that details fans ' conspiracy theories of secret symbolism in Kubrick 's film , including references to the Holocaust , Native Americans and the first moon landing .	1977 -- That 's the year Stephen King 's novel "  The Shining " is released $ 19 million -- That 's the estimated budget for the movie version 42 -- That 's the number of times the character of Danny says "  REDRUM " in famous scene
CNN  -- Whenever a new hotel opens , guests are quick to flock there , clamoring for its shiny new rooms and state-of-the-art features . But there 's something to be said for staying at a venerable older property , like these top-rated hotels that are each celebrating their centennial this year . Some of them have survived issues like war , recession , fire and lackluster management over the past 100 years , but each has persevered and truly stands the test of time . So next time you 're visiting these eight cities , consider checking in at these legendary lodgings . GROVE PARK INN , Asheville , North Carolina Opening date : July 12 , 1913 Easily distinguishable by its granite exterior and red clay-tile roof , the Grove Park Inn has long been a favorite mountain retreat , hallowed for its sweeping views , Southern hospitality and rustic yet refined Arts and Crafts design . A recent $ 25 million renovation , timed by current owner KSL Resorts to coincide with its anniversary celebrations , ensures this grande dame is back to form ; even the giant fireplace in the lobby is working again . 7 amazing island rentals Famous guests : Thomas Edison , Helen Keller , Henry Ford Historical fact : In 1930 , William Howard Taft resigned from the Supreme Court in the hotel 's Great Hall . HÔTEL PLAZA ATHÉNÉE , Paris , France Opening date : April 20 , 1913 Almost immediately after it opened , this testament to French culture and style became the place to see and be seen in Paris , and it remains so to this day . Now part of the Dorchester Collection , the hotel features 191 elegantly appointed rooms and suites pairing 18th-century-style touches with modern conveniences like remote-controlled air-conditioning . And you 'll not just sleep well here , but eat well , too , given that all four of its restaurants fall under the supervision of famed French-born chef Alain Ducasse . Go underground : Cave hotels Famous guests : Marlene Dietrich , Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor , Jackie Kennedy Historical fact : Legendary designer Christian Dior loved the hotel so much he opened his House of Dior on the same street , and avenue Montaigne soon became the capital of high fashion . HOTEL DU PONT , Wilmington , Delaware Opening date : January 15 , 1913 With its elaborate woodwork , polished terrazzo floors and plush Queen Anne furnishings , the Hotel du Pont is a perfect example of the extravagance of America 's Gilded Age . Additions over the years include elegant ballrooms , dozens more guestrooms , a theater substantial enough to house a Broadway show and a collection of notable artworks by the likes of N.C. and Andrew Wyeth . 6 hot resorts for adults only Famous guests : King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden , Amelia Earhart , Eleanor Roosevelt Historical fact : The hotel was conceived by a pair of DuPont executives as a place for people to stay while visiting their Brandywine Valley headquarters , yet no expense was spared in its creation and the final bill totaled an estimated $ 1 million , a hefty sum at that time . FORT GARRY HOTEL , Winnipeg , Manitoba Opening date : December 10 , 1913 The Fort Garry is one of a group of grand hotels built by the Canadian National Railway in the early 20th century to increase travel along its transcontinental routes . These château-inspired accommodations quickly grew in popularity , and while some have fallen by the wayside , the Fort Garry maintains its glitz and glamour , a fact that recently heralded it a spot on a list of the 10 most romantic spots in Canada . Famous guests : Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , Jack Dempsey , Liberace Historical fact : The hotel once had its own bakery , butcher shop , heating plant , artesian well and printing press . The latter remains but is only accessible through a doorway on the roof . BENSON HOTEL , Portland , Oregon Opening date : March 4 , 1913 The success of the Benson Hotel can be attributed to Simon Benson , an emigrant from Norway who moved to Portland and made a fortune in the lumber business . Ever the pioneer , he took a hotel that bled cash for the first 16 months of its life  it was originally called the New Oregon Hotel  and transformed it into a world-class property that now sits on the National Register of Historic Places . Managed today by Coast Hotels , it still oozes Benson 's influences , from the Austrian crystal chandeliers to the Circassian walnut columns . Famous guests : Every seated president since William H. Taft Historical fact : Back in the day , guests of the hotel were greeted each morning with a complimentary cup of hot clam nectar . Today , it 's a cup of hot coffee . HOTEL SAVOY , Moscow , Russia Opening date : March 30 , 1913 The two are n't related , but much like the Savoy Hotel in London , Moscow 's Savoy is a landmark property dripping with opulence , albeit in a much smaller , more intimate setting . Designed as a haven for aristocrats visiting from Saint Petersburg and beyond , it still draws Russia 's elite , who can often be found hobnobbing in the lobby bar . Another beloved feature is its location , which is just steps from top sights like the Kremlin , the Bolshoi and St. Basil 's Cathedral . Famous guests : Isadora Duncan , Luciano Pavarotti , Richard Gere Historical fact : The Hotel Savoy was built by the Salamander Fire Insurance Company , and images of salamanders can be found in the carpets , the pool and elsewhere throughout the property . GSTAAD PALACE , Gstaad , Switzerland Opening date : December 8 , 1913 Gstaad is one of Europe 's favorite winter sports destinations , but guests flock to this old-school resort year-round , enticed by the lighted tennis courts , Olympic-size swimming pool , high-end fitness center with saunas and massage rooms , and the hundreds of miles of hike and bike trails that weave through the Bernese Alps surrounding the property . One of the few family-owned and - operated hotels in Switzerland , the Gstaad Palace makes a point to treat its guests like one of their own , and the result is a boom in repeat visitors . Famous guests : Marc Chagall , Madonna , Jimmy Carter Historical fact : Owing to the Palace 's isolated mountainside location , the Swiss government found it a fitting place to stash a chunk of its gold reserves during World War II . GRANDE COLONIAL , La Jolla , California Opening date : February 1 , 1913 Given the Grande Colonial 's spectacular seaside setting in a charming suburb of San Diego , it 's not hard to see how the hotel has survived for the last hundred years . Or how it could easily make it another hundred . The property has undergone multiple renovations over the decades , including an $ 8 million restoration completed in 2007 and a recent overhaul of the entry , lobby and adjacent public spaces , both meant to preserve the hotel 's original European-style ambiance and aesthetic . Famous guests : Groucho Marx , Jane Wyatt and a couple of ghosts said to haunt the hotel 's hallways Historical fact : The pharmacist at a drugstore that became part of the hotel back in 1928 was the father of actor Gregory Peck , who grew up in the area and later co-founded the La Jolla Playhouse .	The Grove Park Inn celebrates its 100th birthday in July Gstaad Palace in Switzerland is a family-owned hotel marking 100 years in December The Fort Garry Hotel was built by the Canadian National Railway in the early 20th century
CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's sister lost her bid for a seat in the nation 's parliamentary elections , a result seen as a blow to the controversial leader and , according to one analyst , a "  possible sign of fraud . " Parvin Ahmadinejad , running in her family 's hometown of Garmsar , was defeated by a conservative rival in Friday 's elections for the Majlis , Iran 's parliament , the country 's news outlets said Saturday . More than 64 percent of eligible voters streamed to the polls in large numbers , and election officials praised the exercise , in which about 3,400 candidates vied for Majlis seats . It 's first time Iranians are voting since allegations of rigging in the 2009 elections triggered mass street protests against President Ahmadinejad 's re-election . Many observers say the underlying issue of the election is whether voters back the president , who has been in a rivalry with Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Khamenei publicly supported Ahmadinejad 's controversial re-election victory during the dispute over the 2009 ballot results . But tensions have flared between the two leaders over the past year , with Ahmadinejad disappearing from public view for 11 days after the supreme leader overruled his decision to fire an intelligence minister . Several of Ahmadinejad 's top political allies have also been subjected to lawsuits and investigations . But in the run-up to this week 's vote , the supreme leader urged factions to overcome previous divisions and repeatedly called for unity . The current Majlis speaker , Ali Larijani , and Alaeddin Boroujerdi , the current chairman of the Majlis National Security and Foreign Policy Committee , were re-elected , state media said . Conservatives backing Khamenei or with links to him performed well in the race . One candidate , Gholam Ali Haddad Adel , was overwhelmingly leading his race . His daughter is married to Khamenei 's son . But one observer suggested the defeat of the president 's sister could be a sign of political fraud . "  In Iran , locals are usually fiercely loyal to high ranking representatives from their area , even if they are unpopular at national level , " said Meir Javedanfar , an Israeli-Iranian Middle East analyst . "  Although Ahmadinejad is not a popular politician , the very fact that his sister was defeated in Garmsar is a valid possible sign of fraud . This is likely to lead to even more infighting . " Solat Mortazavi , the deputy Interior minister overseeing the elections , praised the polling . "  These have been the most lawful elections , " he said . "  The elections were conducted in the best possible way . " Mortazavi said it was the first time Iran successfully used computerized voting systems in some polling stations . Final results might be released in a matter of days . He said flooding delayed the retrieval of ballot boxes from remote communities . During the post-election crackdown three years ago , security forces used deadly force to crack down on the opposition Green Movement and presidential candidates Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi were placed under house arrest , where they remain . There were no candidates from the Green Movement in this year 's parliamentary election . Iranian political analysts describe the vote as a contest between rival conservative factions within the government . The predominantly Shiite nation faces an escalating international outcry and Western sanctions over its nuclear program , prompting leaders to call for a higher voter turnout to establish legitimacy .	The president 's sister was defeated by a conservative Ali Larijani , the parliament 's speaker , won re-election Conservatives fared well in the race
CNN Student News  -- April 11 , 2014 The Atlantic Hurricane Season is coming , but it 's not expected to be particularly stormy . Today on CNN Student News , we 'll tell you why and explain that forecasting is not an exact science . We also take you deep beneath the ocean 's surface , and we look into the mystique of the Masters Tournament . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why do you think that some audiences might be interested in advance weather forecasts ? How might this information be used ? What might be its limitations ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What famous author of King Lear is being remembered in celebrations marking his 450th birthday this month ? 2 . Voters in what country waited in line for hours and braved Taliban threats of violence in order to cast their ballots ? 3 . Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are more commonly known by what first names ? 4 . What is the term that refers to a measurement of water depth equal to six feet ? 5 . The phrase "  Boston Strong " helped unite the city and the U.S. after the 2013 terrorist attack at what event ? 6 . What "  season " officially begins on June 1 ends on November 30 ? 7 . What major federal law designed to outlaw discrimination in businesses and public places was signed 50 years ago ? 8 . What term , associated with a large loan , refers to the cost of borrowing the money , including the interest rate and other fees ? 9 . What military base did President Obama visit this week to participate in a memorial for soldiers who were attacked there ? 10 . Winners of what major , international sporting event are awarded the green jacket ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Madrid  CNN  -- The office of Libya 's prime minister sent a message to the Spanish government listing "  a series of proposals that could lead to a ceasefire , " a spokesman for Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said Thursday . The message , from the office of Prime Minister Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi , was also sent to other European capitals , the spokesman said , adding that he could not name which capitals . Spain has contributed military assets , including troops , to the NATO-led mission to enforce a no-fly zone and protect civilians in Libya .	A list of proposals was sent to several European countries NATO is enforcing a no-fly zone in Libya
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- The past is a foreign place : they do things more fashionably there . That must be the reason for the continued infatuation with the vintage trend on catwalks , in boutiques and in stores around the world . But for Lourens Gebhardt , aka Loux the Vintage Guru , vintage is not just a trend , it is a way of life . "  Vintage clothes have history behind them , they are from a legendary era that has been left behind by our ancestors . It is not a trend , it wo n't go away , " said the Namibian blogger and fashion designer . The Congolese dandies known as the "  Sapeurs " have become well known for their love of classic designer labels and elegant vintage clothes , but retro is being worn by hipsters across the continent . "  Vintage clothing is cheap here in Africa compared to Europe and people can source their clothes easily at open markets , that 's why it 's so popular , " Gebhardt explained . The Timeless Collective , a group of young creatives from Pretoria , South Africa , want to show off their talents through their love for vintage fashion . Members of the group include stylists , design students and photographers . "  I like vintage because of its quality , " said Timeless Collective stylist Mapusha Mushe , "  the quality which you find in vintage clothes is just great . They are second hand clothes but no-one would believe it if you check the way I style them . "  Historically , Pretoria is not so fashionable , it 's more of a city , a basic modern city , but fashion wise we are trying as youngsters to bring it up . " Johannesburg fashion blogger Jerri Mokgofe also appreciates the quality of vintage clothing . "  If you look at the retail stores , it 's all about fast fashion , fast fashion is what sells , and now you get a lot of synthetic fibers whereas in the past you got cotton , raw silks and those kinds of materials . Times have changed , " he said . "  Vintage is people being nostalgic about the time or era that they did n't grow up in ; I mean everybody would have loved to have been born in the 1960s or the 1920s . So I think for some people it 's about escapism and fashion is escapism . "  You can always turn back the hands of time in terms of your wardrobe and revisit the past , the era your mom grew up in , and borrow from your mother 's , grandmother 's or grandfather 's wardrobe and put those elements together and wear it today . And the beauty of it is that it 's celebrated and people see it as the hottest trend . " Not wanting to be left behind , retailers have also been turning back the hands of time . In Lagos , Nigeria , retro store "  Retrospective " specializes in pre-owned clothes and accessories , while Vintage Gh is showcasing second-hand style in Accra , Ghana -- giving "  new life and value to otherwise discarded clothing . " Vintage haven Fruitcake Vintage was set up by friends Jamakazi Thelejane and Sthembiso Mngadi in Johannesburg 's central business district . It opened in 2010 , and with prices ranging from about $ 8 to $ 50 it is known as the place to find both unique and affordable items . For the owners , their love of all things vintage is nothing new . "  I was brought up by my grandparents and I remember my grandfather used to change into three different suits a day , " explained Mngadi . "  I never once saw my grandfather in casual clothing , so I think that stayed with me and my grandma of course , in her Sunday best . My mother and father were very fashionable people because of them , so it has always been with me . I think I was born with it . "	Vintage clothes a hit with fashionistas across Africa The quality , availability and price of vintage clothing is part of the appeal Bloggers , designers , photographers and retailers are all part of the movement It 's not a trend , but a way of life , says Namibian designer Lourens Gebhardt
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The wrecked Costa Concordia cruise ship is about to make its final voyage . Salvage crews began the arduous task of refloating the ship last week so they can move it from its resting place off Giglio Island to the Italian port of Genoa to be dismantled . It is set to sail Wednesday morning , according to Nick Sloane , the senior salvage master . He said the Blue Peter flag was being flown , a maritime tradition that tells sailors they need to get ready and get to the ship . It 's been more than 2Â 1/2 years since the ship ran aground off Giglio Island with more than 4,200 passengers aboard , killing 32 people in a disaster that drew global attention . The vessel will be towed -- slowly and carefully -- approximately 240 kilometers  150 miles  to Genoa , where it will be broken up . A convoy of 17 boats will travel along with it . The ship is expected to arrive in Genoa on Sunday , Sloane said . It 'll take about two years to dismantle the massive cruise liner . Environmental concerns prompted the decision to undertake the expensive and difficult process of refloating the Costa Concordia rather than taking it apart on site . Since the wreck two years ago , 24 metric tons of debris -- including furniture , dishes , food , personal effects and ship parts -- have been recovered from the seabed . The Costa Concordia is the largest salvage ever attempted -- and the most expensive , at a cost of $ 1.5 billion so far . Nine things to know about the plan to salvage the Costa Concordia The Costa Concordia salvage by the numbers	The vessel will be towed to the Italian port of Genoa Dismantling the cruise ship could take two years 32 passengers and crew were killed when the ship capsized in 2012
CNN  -- Images taken on a recent Singapore Airlines flight might suggest passengers had become unusually ferocious in their disdain for the onboard meal . But this was no "  Bugsy Malone " - esque food-flinging fiesta . The plane hit turbulence shortly after breakfast was served , and the result was culinary carnage . "  Singapore Airlines flight SQ308 experienced moderate to severe turbulence en route from Singapore to London on 26 May , " said airline spokesman Nicholas Ionides . Brace yourself : Flights set to be bumpier , costlier "  Eleven passengers and one crew member sustained minor injuries when the aircraft experienced a sudden loss of altitude and were attended to by medical personnel on arrival at Heathrow Airport . " Passengers reported coffee cups , cutlery and even a few people were thrown about the cabin as the plane lost altitude . Alan Cross , one of the passengers who took the images you see here , told CNN : "  Everything violently rocketed off all the tray tables into the ceiling . You literally felt your stomach going into your throat . " The mess was cleaned up soon after and passengers were given chocolate gifts on landing in London . In 2012 : Turbulence injures passengers , crew as flight approaches Miami	Singapore to London flight dropped 20 meters leading to chaotic scenes during breakfast service Minor injuries were reported on board the aircraft to passengers and crew Passengers given compensatory chocolates on landing at Heathrow
Orlando  CNN  -- The family of Robert Champion , who died in November after he was beaten on a bus , allegedly as part of a Florida A&M University band hazing ritual , will sue the bus company , their attorney said Tuesday . The bus and its air conditioning system is believed to have been running at the time Champion was beaten , attorney Chris Chestnut said , and the bus driver might not have been aboard . The family is suing Fabulous Coach Lines , based in Branford , Florida , he said . "  We do anticipate , in the very near future , filing a legal action against the bus company alleging negligence and wrongful death , " Chestnut told reporters at a news conference Tuesday . Such a lawsuit will allow him to file subpoenas and take witness statements to further the investigation , he said . Part of that investigation will include determining what bus company employee was assigned to the bus , how it was running and how an estimated 30 people were on the bus long enough for Champion to be beaten to death . FAMU is protected under sovereign immunity , and the family must file a statutory notice of intent to sue and wait six months to file suit against the school , Chestnut said . Ray Land , president of Fabulous Coach Lines , told CNN the company 's employees , who were not on the bus at the time , responded quickly after learning there was an emergency -- even following the ambulance transporting Champion to the hospital , taking other band members there . "  We did transport our passengers safely from point A to point B as contracted , " Land said . When employees were notified of an emergency on board one of the nine buses in the convoy , "  we responded just as quickly and effectively as we could . " The company has already received some documents , he said , and "  we 're addressing those with our lawyers now . " Asked if a company employee was on the bus at the time of Champion 's beating , he said a driver was not in the seat on the bus , but the drivers had congregated together looking over the nine vehicles . The drivers rushed over to the bus after learning of a problem , he said . Some band members have said Champion , 26 , died after taking part in a rite of passage called "  crossing Bus C. " One band member , who spoke on condition of anonymity , previously explained that students "  walk from the front of the bus to the back of the bus backward while the bus is full of other band members , and you get beaten until you get to the back . " Chestnut said Tuesday he 's heard the ritual may have happened before on Fabulous Coach Lines . However , Land said the bus company has "  never seen this kind of behavior " from the band previously . "  It 's completely out of the blue , " he said of the lawsuit . "  It was n't an auto accident . It was n't a crash . If two passengers get in a fight , and one gets injured , I do n't know how that 's the motorcoach company 's liability . " Chestnut said his team has spoken to "  in excess of 15 people " during the preliminary investigation . Friends of Champion have told Chestnut during his investigation that Champion was gay , the attorney said . Relatives believe that may have been one of many factors that contributed to his being treated more severely than other band members , Chestnut said . However , he said , Champion 's homosexuality is not believed to have been a primary factor in the beating . "  This is not a hate crime . This is a hazing crime , " he said . "  Florida A&M University has a 50-year history , a culture in this band , of hazing . " The family thinks some people might have been jealous of Champion , a stickler for the rules who stood up against hazing , he said . "  Robert Champion was defined by the fact that he followed the rules , " Chestnut said . Champion also may have been about to become the band 's lead drum major , Chestnut said . Band director Julian White , who 's on administrative leave from his post , said at Champion 's funeral November 30 he regretted not telling him he had been selected to be the band 's next head drum major . Champion 's mother , Pam , told reporters Tuesday her son "  loved his music . He loved the band . He was very serious about how he did and the position he was in . " Champion collapsed in Orlando on the bus , which was carrying members of FAMU 's Marching 100 after a November football game that included a halftime performance by the group . Chestnut has charged that Champion died after receiving "  some dramatic blows , perhaps  having an  elevated heart rate " tied to "  a hazing ritual " that took place on the bus . The medical examiner 's office ruled his death a homicide and said Champion "  collapsed and died within an hour of a hazing incident during which he suffered multiple blunt trauma blows to his body . " An autopsy conducted after his death found "  extensive contusions of his chest , arms , shoulder and back , " as well as "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat , " which is the fatty tissue directly under the skin . "  When a crime victim is targeted because of his or her identity , it can have devastating effects on communities , " said Michael Cole-Schwartz , spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign . "  The allegation that Robert Champion may have been singled out because of who he was must be thoroughly investigated and prosecuted accordingly . " The death prompted the FAMU board of trustees to approve a new three-part anti-hazing plan . The new policy was passed in a 9-1 vote by the board last week as the school continues to deal with the controversial death . Champion 's mother told reporters she wants hazing to stop . "  Think twice when your kids are going off to college , " she said . "  Look into what 's going on at their college ... Now we know . " Along with the university , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the Orange County Sheriff 's Office are also investigating the case . Chestnut said law enforcement has not contacted Champion 's family and they do n't know the status of the criminal investigation . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement has launched a separate investigation into some school employees , who were allegedly engaged in financial fraud . CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Bus company says its employees responded after incident The family of Robert Champion must wait six months to sue FAMU , attorney says Friends of Champion report he was gay , an attorney says He was beaten in an alleged hazing incident on a bus in November
CNN  -- A 36-inch underground natural gas pipeline exploded into flames Monday in Johnson County , Texas , killing one and injuring at least five people before officials were able to shut the flow of gas , officials said . Cleburne Fire Chief Clint Ishmael said all 13 workers on the crew at the site when the blast took place were accounted for and that one was dead . "  There was a crew working on the line , and they apparently ruptured it somehow and caused an explosion , " Cleburne City Manager Chester Nolen said . Nolen originally said that three people had been killed in the blast but later retracted that statement . Flames were visible eight miles away , he said . Video showed the site of the fire -- cattle country -- in the center of a patch of scorched grassland . No one was evacuated because no buildings were nearby , Nolen said . The line is owned by Enterprise Products out of Houston , he said . No one at the company answered a telephone call . The blaze was so fierce that crews could get no closer than 600 yards to the source of the fire , Ishmael said . Five people were taken to Glen Rose Medical Center in Glen Rose , Texas , where they were in stable condition , CEO Gary Marks said . The pipeline erupted around 2:40 p.m.  3:40 p.m. ET  , and the shaking lasted about 10 minutes , said Laura Harlin , who lives about a mile away . "  Our house shook , glass shook , " she said . "  We watched this huge plume of smoke or steam rising above our neighborhood . " But by 5 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  , fire officials had turned off the valves that were feeding gas to the fire .	NEW : 1 dead in gas pipeline blast Johnson County blaze is out 36-inch underground natural gas pipeline exploded Crews working on the line ruptured it , official says
CNN  -- The annual report of national college rankings published by U.S. News & World Report is , regrettably , one of the most powerful forces in American higher education . I say "  regrettably " because the list of rankings , although comprising data , surveys and statistics , does n't even begin to express the quality , comprehensiveness and special character of the more than 4,000 colleges and universities in the country . The report is so powerful that an administrator at Claremont McKenna College , a small , elite liberal arts school in California , submitted inflated data in order to enhance the college 's standing . Is anyone surprised by this revelation ? Just as athletes use steroids and gambling happens at Rick 's , colleges and universities succumb to their own set of pressures , including the desire to be on top in the rankings . U.S. News & World Report has been highly successful at inducing far too many high school students and their families to think that there are only a handful of colleges worth attending in the entire country , and by extension saying that if a student does n't get into one of the ` select ' few , then life will never be worth living . Attending a Tier 3 school does n't make you a Tier 3 person , nor does enrolling at Princeton make you a prince . Ironically , we know from a survey of human resource managers  these are the people who actually hire college graduates  that the colleges they recruit from most enthusiastically are not necessarily the same as the ones U.S. News implies students should strive to enter . A college degree has become a 21st-century economic necessity . Getting into the "  best " college is a national obsession . Many believe it 's a passport to a golden future . Let 's play a numbers game : 100 high school seniors each apply to 10 colleges ; 1,000 applications are now in play . Each college hopes to enroll 10 students ; 100 freshman spots are in the air . All of the 100 students will have a place to go to college but not every one will get into his or her first choice , nor will every college get its highest-ranked applicant . Students strive to make themselves extremely attractive to specific colleges , and colleges work hard to make themselves more appealing to specific students . The game is afoot . To stand out from the crowd of applicants , students try to game the system . They take prep courses to improve their SAT scores ; enroll in "  easy " classes to get higher grades ; search out exotic internships ; and play sports or music , or master additional foreign languages -- not because they necessarily want to but because they believe they have to in order to look outstanding . This is an unfortunate outgrowth of an overwrought system . And it should not be surprising to learn that schools also game the system by slicing and dicing their numbers in a fashion that makes them appear more appealing in one or more U.S. News category , and thus more attractive to potential students and their families . But gaming the system and providing enhanced data are two entirely different things . The first is , as I said before , regrettable , and the later -- providing inflated information -- is "  extremely regrettable . " My mother would call it lying . Americans love lists and rankings . And if a person can start out at the top , then all the better . For many people , scarcity breeds adoration : Everyone wants to go to Harvard because not everyone can go to Harvard  nor should they  . As Super Bowl season comes to a close , we will sneak up on March Madness . There is an inexplicable correlation between the NCAA Final Four participants and increases in applications to those four schools . Everyone loves a winner . This is parallel to product placement in TV shows or movies . See James Bond drive an Aston-Martin and perhaps you 'll come in to the showroom for a test drive . See Duke play basketball and perhaps you 'll come to campus to meet Coach K . The rankings are n't going away . U.S. News & World Report has a highly profitable mare in its stable : The rankings are about making money . The business of U.S. News is to sell magazines -- online and in print . It is secondly about mission : providing consumers with a public service product in return for money . Colleges must do a better job of educating applicants to the limits  and some values  of the rankings "  racket . " The public must remember that there is no ` best ' college for any one student . After an hour 's conversation , I 'll give a student a list of 20 schools where he or she will  a  get an excellent education  b  have a wonderful time  c  be able to afford the tuition , and  d  graduate . And I 'm pretty sure my list of 20 and U.S. News ' list of 20 are not necessarily the same . Is vichyssoise better than chicken soup with matzoh balls or just more satisfying to some people than to others ? Frequently , it 's a matter of taste more than nutrition . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Joel Trachtenberg .	Stephen Trachtenberg : Magazine 's college rankings are powerful One college submitted inflated data in order to enhance standing Trachtenberg : Americans love rankings ; these are n't going away He notes there is no ` best ' college for any one student
CNN  -- It is a cricket match with no bouncers , rain never stops play and the outcome is preordained . It is the complete antithesis to the recent Ashes series . While England and Australia 's batsmen were trying to spend hours at the crease every time they batted , the annual Bramble Bank fixture is a race against time -- the only thing liable to stop play is the tide . It is quintessentially English , a land to have spawned more than its fair share of sporting eccentricities . On the surface of it , this match is supremely pointless -- and actually , that remains the same even if you dig below the surface . For about an hour every English summer typically on an August evening , two teams in full cricketing whites from rival yachting clubs bedecked in life jackets leave the mainland and are ferried out on speedboats to a sandbank in the middle of the Solent , an area between the port city of Southampton and the Isle of Wight . It is a protrusion in the water that emerges above the surface only briefly on any given day and one that most sailors avoid like the plague . Just ask the captain of the Cunard Liner QE2 , which ran aground on her approach to Southampton on her last voyage in 2008 and was stuck for 90 minutes before being pulled clear by four tug boats . Mark "  Tommo " Tomson is a different kind of captain , and he has already admitted defeat well before he will once again lead the Royal Southern Yacht Club against the Island Sailing Club in the Bramble clash . "  It 's our turn to lose this year , " he explains , "  even if we score more runs and take more wickets . " The result is preplanned because the "  defeated " team has to host a big dinner for the two sides after the event , which takes some organizing . The match in question is entirely dependent on the tide . In some years , such as 2013 , the sandbank never appears so the game goes on with water lapping against the players ' ankles -- or , in some cases , knees . A quaint afternoon of village cricket this is not ; there are no picnic hampers and no cream teas , just gallons and gallons of water . For most of the year , Bramble Bank stays underwater but during the equinoxal tide -- usually at the end of August or the beginning of September -- it usually emerges above the surface for a day or two . The time of day varies and , although the match usually takes place at 6 p.m. , it has been known to happen as early as 6 a.m. too . "  It 's an interesting experience , " says Tomson with a chuckle . "  It 's great fun and we 've had some good and bad moments . We 've had some amazing beautiful evenings with huge amounts of sand and mud exposed , hundreds of square meters . And then we 've been up to our ankles like last year . "  It can be miserable on occasions with the weather , but we usually manage to drum up enough enthusiasm . " Among the more celebrated regulars in the match , which takes place using the usual cricket bat and ball , is Robin Knox-Johnston , the first person to circumnavigate the globe single-handed in 1968 and the oldest person to do so aged 67 in 2006 . "  I think I 've been playing in the match about five years now , " he says . "  It 's totally bizarre , is n't it ? But really that 's the fun of it . It is n't really taken too seriously -- well , not by me . I 'm just happy if I manage to connect with the ball . Really , I 'm not a brilliant cricketer . " The funny thing is that the cricketers in question do take it seriously , with pride at stake if nothing else . Clips of previous matches are readily available on the internet , and the batsmen unleash all manner of heavy hitting while the fielders plunge themselves into a much wetter outfield than on any waterlogged grass pitch . Also , as much as is possible , they stick to the gentlemanly conduct of cricket , batsmen walking -- actually wading -- if there is any doubt as to whether they are out or not . Cricket is usually synonymous with fine weather conditions wherever it is played on the planet . Not for the Bramble Bank match . Regularly the wind lashes across the field of play , waves too , and the backdrop is n't typical either . Just a few meters away , windsurfers and sailors pass by in their vessels , with international container ships also visible in the distance , their captains surely bemused by the bizarre spectacle taking place in the middle of the sea . "  We usually have a lot of boats and canoes that come up and watch but these are locals , " Tomson says . "  Sometimes I wonder what the ocean liners coming past must think . One year we had three liners come past in quick succession . I 'd love to have known what , say , the Americans on board must have thought watching these mad men ! " The first match is thought to have been played in the 1950s at the behest of pioneering British boatmaker Uffa Fox . Fox designed lifeboats to be dropped from aircraft to rescued aircrew or navy personnel in World War Two , and played an integral role in changing the design of boats for dingy racing . On top of that , though , he had a penchant for adventure and humor , once leading a group of Sea Scouts across the Channel from England to France and up the River Seine without their parents ' consent . Fox died in 1972 , not long before the cricket match become cemented as an annual event in the 1980s . Today , it starts with one of the two sailing clubs challenging the other to a match , a challenge that is always gratefully received . But with the result already been decided -- regardless of the runs scored and wickets taken by each team -- due to the logistics of the following feast , it further begs the question of , "  What 's the point ? " But Knox-Johnston explains : "  You ca n't not have a preordained winner -- I 'm not sure the caterers could cope . Really , part of the fun is the dinner afterwards . " However , not all of the 300 or so spectators who attended last year took part in the evening 's celebrations , they merely moored their boats on the bank for the hour or so of play that took place . There is some consolation , however , and an opportunity for those watching to quench their thirst at one of the shortest-lived pubs in England , the Bramble Inn -- which opens for business on the sandbank for the brief duration of play . With the tide quickly reconverging on the sandbank , the match is limited to six or seven overs per innings . "  It 's very sportsmanlike , so everyone gets a turn , but it can all end very rapidly , " Tomson says . "  It 's quite surreal when you suddenly find yourself in the middle of the sea with water up to your chest and rising , and you 're a few meters away from the boat to take you home . " So what exactly is the purpose of it all ? "  Well , the aim is to not kill any spectators ! " adds Tomson , before pointing out that there have been no deaths so far . And as a qualified doctor , he has been on hand to attend to the occasional injury to player and spectator alike over the years . As for the caliber of the cricket , former Island Sailing Club captain John Hounslow , a solicitor by trade , insists it is mixed . "  I was captain by default and have n't played proper cricket for 20 years , " says the sometime wicketkeeper . "  It 's semi-social and semi-sporting . " It may not be No. 1 on most people 's sporting calendar , but more than half a century since its inception this novel contest -- which regularly makes a splash -- looks here to stay .	A cricket match with a difference is held on a sandbank off England 's south coast Barely an hour of play is possible at each match , with the tide swallowing the pitch The outcome of each match , somewhat bizarrely , is decided before play begins Legendary solo sailor Robin Knox-Johnston is among the better-known players
CNN  -- "  It 's a woman 's world , " Vogue contributing editor Andre Leon Talley said as he prepared an installation of little black dresses for a new exhibit at the Savannah College of Art and Design . Men do n't commonly wear little black dresses , which is why Talley asked some of his favorite female designers -- plus Marc Jacobs , himself known for slipping into a tiny black number -- to help define this iconic piece of clothing in the exhibit 's accompanying catalog . Read more : A day in life of a New York Fashion Week model "  I thought only a woman could define a little black dress , " he said . But as a SCAD trustee and now curator of a museum exhibit consisting entirely of black dresses , Talley is inarguably an expert on the matter , too . The 81 dresses in his collection represent the glamorous and the practical , the revealing and the forgiving . The exhibit opened September 28 and will remain on display through January 27 . Little black dresses , as designer Norma Kamali puts it in the exhibit 's catalog , "  take us to parties , job interviews , weddings and funerals . We experience all of life 's big events in the little black dress . It can be respectful or empowering , depending upon the design . " Read more : How to dress for any occasion For Talley , the dresses represent the evolution of design , the achievement of world-class artists , glamour , even bravery . But perhaps just as striking as the elegance of these dresses is the fondness and pride with which Talley views them . Many of his friends either wore or designed the pieces in his exhibit , and in some cases , as with Stella McCartney and L'Wren Scott , it 's both . Talley believes that the woman wearing a little black dress can give it special meaning . "  Wearing clothes should be a personal narrative of emotion . I always respond to fashion in an emotional way , " Talley said . "  I was sitting in Manolo Blahnik 's store at Fashion 's Night Out last year , " he said , "  and Sarah Jessica Parker was the first celebrity to breeze into the store . " What stood out to Talley even more than his friend 's fluid leather Prabal Gurung skirt or the embellished bodice was the fact that Parker wore white pony-skin stilettos with the ensemble . Read more : 10 key pieces every woman must own "  She had broken the rules that have been going on in fashion for decades , " Talley recalled . "  The late Estee Lauder says you can never wear white shoes after Labor Day . But of course , in today 's world , that does not exist . And there was Sarah Jessica Parker with white shoes , with a black dress , after Labor Day . And I just said , you know , this is the example of how fashion goes forward . " Designer Scott 's black strapless wool cocktail-length dress , with a kick pleat in the back of Chantilly lace , which she wore with black gloves , surprised Talley as well . "  I was at the Golden Globes the year she wore this dress , and she came up the carpet with Mick Jagger , and I thought , ` mmm , this is a Chanel Haute Couture dress . ' And I was talking to L'Wren Scott about another dress in the exhibit , and I said , ` Oh , do you remember you wore that fabulous Chanel dress to the Golden Globes ? And I thought it was so elegant ; I 'm sure you picked out the dress for Nicole Kidman and you decided to wear it yourself ! ' That was not the case . She had designed the dress the night before , " he said . Read more : Decoding the workplace dress code Inventiveness and flair make a statement , Talley said , but so does wearability -- something he finds in the designs of McCartney , whose dresses feature prominently in the exhibit . "  Stella McCartney , not only is she a designer , she is a mother of four , and she lives for practicality . She understands what a woman needs to wear to work and what a woman needs to wear when it 's time to go out and put on the Ritz ! " Not least , a little black dress allows the wearer to accentuate her physical gifts , Talley said , like supermodel Linda Evangelista in a satin Prada dress . "  The thermometer of Linda Evangelista , in a satin peplum dress , looking every bit as aristocrat as a royal European duchess or princess , is amazing to me , " he said . "  You know , it just does n't get any better than that . You see the way the person is wearing the dress , and you see the inherited quality of the design of the dress . " Read more : Look fashionable for less Rei Kawakubo , of Comme des Garcons , achieved that coup , Talley said , when designer Jacobs wore her black lace shirt dress with nothing but white boxer shorts underneath . The daring look opened the doors to the possibilities of men 's fashion . "  I think , in today 's America , there is a great leverage and a great sense of liberation " in men 's fashion , Talley said . "  And I chose this dress with great care . I was there when Marc wore it ; it was a very shock value moment , " but it was also a statement of elegance and confidence by a provocative designer . "  There is room in today 's world for men to wear dresses , " Talley said . "  I 've seen students on this campus going to classes wearing the most extraordinary kilts I 've ever seen . " Talley learned the students were wearing kilts that construction workers wear to hold their tools . "  But it 's really a skirt ! " he said . Talley believes that if men are willing to put on utility kilts , sooner or later they 'll be putting on black lace dresses , like his friend Jacobs . He said so in all seriousness . "  This was not a frivolous moment here . This was not a moment of slap-dash . This was a moment where he knew what he was doing , was going to send signals around the world that you can , in fact , if you want to , wear a lace dress . If you want to go to the gym and spend hours buffing your body , if you want to be glamorized to the hilt with a lace dress and go to a show party dressed like this , it 's fine , " Talley said . "  I was  very proud and very envious ! " Share your favorite "  little black dress " memory in the comments section below .	Vogue contributing editor Andre Leon Talley has curated a new exhibit of little black dresses The dresses are imbued with Talley 's memories and interpretations The collection 's 81 dresses represent glamour and practicality , Talley said The wearer of a little black dress can infuse meaning into the fabric , Talley said
CNN  -- Qantas , Australia 's national airline , grounded its Airbus A380 fleet indefinitely after one of its planes suffered a midair engine failure on Thursday . The airline said flights of the twin-deck planes -- the world 's largest airliners -- will remain suspended until an investigation into Thursday 's incident is complete . "  As long as it takes , " said airline CEO Alan Joyce , when a reporter asked how long the suspension would last . "  We are being very cautious until we know exactly what caused this . " One of the four engines on a Qantas airliner shut down six minutes after takeoff Thursday from Singapore 's Changi Airport , Joyce said . The plane -- with 440 passengers and 26 crew members -- was headed to Sydney , Australia , but it returned to Changi . While in the air above the western Indonesian island of Batam , part of the engine 's covering , or cowling , tore off . "  I am not sure what actually happened with the debris and why parts of the engine left the aircraft and fell into the ground , " Joyce said . "  We 're still looking at what exactly was the cause of that . " The pilot made an announcement updating passengers during the flight . "  I do apologize , " the pilot said . "  I 'm sure you are aware we have a technical issue with our number two engine . We have dealt with the situation , the aircraft is secure at this stage . We 're going to have to hold for some time whilst we do lighten our load by dumping some fuel and a number of checklist -LSB- items -RSB- we have to perform . "  I 'm sure you are aware we are not proceeding to Sydney at this stage . We 're making a left turn now to track back toward Singapore and as we progress with this we 'll keep you informed , but at this stage everything is secure , the aircraft is flying safely and we 'll get back to you very shortly with further information . Thank you for your patience . " Local television stations in Indonesia showed debris parts with red-white markings . Pictures of the Airbus A380 after it landed showed the cowling torn off in the back half . Trifuadi , a security officer at an engineering firm in Batam , said he heard a loud explosion and saw smoke coming out of the engine of a plane flying overhead . Shortly afterward , debris fell from the plane to the ground , said Trifuadi who , like many Indonesians , goes by one name . The flight -- QF32 -- landed in Singapore safely , without injury to passenger or crew . Passenger Meg Graham said she heard a loud bang within minutes of the plane taking off . "  And then another bang , " she said . Ulf Waschbusch , who said he was on his way to Australia for the first time , said the crew kept passengers apprised of what was happening . "  We all stayed pretty calm , " he told CNN . "  It was an almost eerie calm . " The airline said it will work with the plane 's manufacturer as well as Rolls-Royce , the maker of the engine , to determine what went wrong . A spokesman for the Rolls-Royce told CNN that "  safety is always our highest priority . We are currently analyzing the available information and working with our customers to support their operations . " Qantas now has six A380s in its fleet of 191 planes . Airbus will at some point deliver another 14 , the airline said . Singapore Airlines announced Thursday that it has temporarily halted flights of its 11 Airbus A380s to do precautionary checks in light of the Qantas incident . Lufthansa , which operates three Airbus A380s , told CNN it is planning to carry out additional precautionary checks on the engines of the planes . The airline is waiting for more detail from Rolls-Royce about the specific checks that need to be carried out before they proceed . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu , Nicky Robertson , Judy Kwon , Kevin Voigt , Liz Neisloss , Ayesha Durgahee and Mia Anngre contributed to this report	A passenger says she heard a loud bang , then another Qantas has six A380s in its fleet of 191 planes Singapore Airlines temporarily halts flights of its A380s The Airbus A380 is the largest planes in the world
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel moved to defend itself in the face of international criticism Monday over its eviction of dozens of Palestinian families from a neighborhood of Jerusalem they have lived in for generations . Left-wing Israeli activists protest against the eviction of Palestinians from their homes in east Jerusalem . "  I think a lot of the criticism is simply not fair , " said Mark Regev , a government spokesman , who described the dispute as a legal one between two private parties over who had title to a property in East Jerusalem . In the court action , a settler group sued claiming the Palestinians had violated an agreement under which they were allowed to live in the houses . "  As you know , the Israeli court system is independent and professional , " Regev said , referring to the Supreme Court 's decision that paved the way for the evictions . "  Many times it goes on the Palestinian side if they think that 's where the justice is and , in this case , they ruled in favor of the Jewish side . " Watch Regev defend Israel 's actions " After the Palestinians were moved out , two Jewish families moved in . Regev 's comments came a day after the evictions drew widespread condemnation . "  Israel , the occupying power , once again has shown its commitment to the settler organizations by evicting more than 50 Palestinians , many of them children , from the houses where they have lived for more than 50 years , " chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said in a statement . "  Tonight , while these new settlers from abroad will be accommodating themselves and their belongings in these Palestinian houses , 19 newly homeless children will have nowhere to sleep . " Regev said he understood the plight of those Palestinian families who slept Sunday night on the streets , but suggested they should have made other plans . "  They chose for this political statement , " he said . "  Really , they should have known this was coming and made correct preparations . " And he denied the suggestion that the evictions were part of any systematic effort to move Palestinians out of East Jerusalem and move in Jewish families . "  There is no such government policy , " he said . "  On the contrary , here you see a situation where private people bought private property and that 's what it is , and the court dealt with a land dispute between two private groups of people . " The United States , the United Nations and the European Union condemned the move . "  We are all , in the international community , very upset , " U.N. Special Envoy Robert Serry said as he surveyed the scene . None of the new Jewish residents wanted to talk with CNN . In the United States , a State Department spokesman urged Israel to refrain from "  provocative actions . " "  As Secretary -LSB- of State Hillary -RSB- Clinton has stated previously , the eviction of families and demolition of homes in East Jerusalem is not in keeping with Israeli obligations under the Roadmap , " said Robert Wood , referring to the 2003 "  Roadmap for peace " plan . "  We urge that the government of Israel and municipal officials refrain from provocative actions in East Jerusalem , including home demolitions and evictions . Unilateral actions taken by either party can not prejudge the outcome of negotiations and will not be recognized by the international community . " Senior State Department officials told CNN that Acting Assistant Secretary Jeffrey Feltman had conveyed the United States ' concern to the Israeli ambassador in Washington . Israel has claimed East Jerusalem as part of its sovereign capital since taking the eastern part of the city from Jordan during the Six-Day War in 1967 . Also condemning the evictions were British diplomats . "  We are appalled by the eviction in East Jerusalem this morning , " the British Consulate said . "  These actions are incompatible with the Israeli professed desire for peace . We urge Israel not to allow the extremists to set the agenda . " The evictions happened as Israel and the United States have been increasingly at odds over U.S. President Barack Obama 's insistence that Israel 's government freeze all settlement activity as a necessary step toward advancing negotiations with Palestinians . Last month , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took strong public exception to American requests that an Israeli building project in the disputed and mostly Arab East Jerusalem be stopped . The Bush administration had no problem with such projects as long as Israel built within the construction lines of existing settlements in the occupied West Bank .	Israel incurs international criticism over eviction of Palestinian families Two Jewish families moved in after evictions in East Jerusalem Israeli spokesman says dispute is a legal one between private parties
So much for being underwhelmed . After Apple 's two new iPhones -- the 5S and 5C -- disappointed some observers when they were unveiled last week , the first round of reviewers are now rendering their verdicts after spending time with the devices . And in contrast to initial reactions , which included yawns from tech sites and a dip in Apple 's stock price , the first wave of reviews are largely singing the praises of the new phones -- particularly the top-of-the-line iPhone 5S , which comes packed with an upgraded 64-bit processor , souped up camera and Apple 's first-ever Touch ID fingerprint-scanning system . Many noted that , like the iPhone 4S before , the 5S is more of an upgrade of the 5 than a radically new device , a fact that probably led to a lot of the mixed initial response . But under the hood , many say the iPhone 5S is truly different , and one reviewer is even calling it the best smartphone on the market . Here are some of those reviews . Unless otherwise noted , the reviewer is referring to the iPhone 5S . Walt Mossberg , All Things Digital "  The iPhone 5s is the first digital device I 've seen with a simple , reliable fingerprint reader -- one you can confidently use , without a thought , to unlock the device instead of typing in a passcode . ... It sounds like a gimmick , but it 's a real advance , the biggest step ever in biometric authentication for everyday devices . " "  My biggest disappointment is that there have been only minor improvements to the keyboard . Unlike in Android , Apple still bars you from substituting third-party keyboards with better auto-correction ... . Overall , however , the new iPhone 5s is a delight . Its hardware and software make it the best smartphone on the market . " Darrell Etherington , TechCrunch "  Apple has worked some behind-the-scenes magic with its latest and greatest , and made some design changes for the better , too , all of which adds up to a new smartphone market king . " "  At first glance , it 's easy to dismiss the fingerprint sensor as a whiz-bang feature designed to attract eyeballs and do little else . But this is n't that . ... It feels like a mature feature that actually enhances the overall experience of using an iPhone in a noticeable way that you encounter very frequently . " "  The hardware may resemble its predecessor in many key ways , as with the 4-inch Retina display , but it improves dramatically in areas like the camera where it makes the most difference to every day users , and in the addition of the fingerprint sensor , which is already a feature I miss when I switch back to older generation devices or the iPhone 5c . " Anand Lal Shimpi , AnandTech "  Like the S-devices that came before it , the iPhone 5s is left in the unfortunate position of not being able to significantly differentiate itself visually from its predecessor . ... I think gold is likely the phone I 'd opt for simply because it 'd be very different than everything else I have , but otherwise space grey is probably the best looking of the three devices to me . " "  It remains to be seen the impact display size has on iPhone sales . Anecdotally I know a number of die hard iPhone users who simply want a larger display and are willing to consider Android as a result . I still believe that users do n't really cross shop between Android and iOS , but if Apple does n't offer a larger display option soon then I believe it will lose some users not because of cross shopping , but out of frustration . " "  At the end of the day , if you prefer iOS for your smartphone -- the iPhone 5s wo n't disappoint . In many ways it 's an evolutionary improvement over the iPhone 5 , but in others it is a significant step forward . What Apple 's silicon teams have been doing for these past couple of years has really started to pay off . " David Pogue , New York Times "  If we 're reaching a point of diminishing returns in hardware breakthroughs , the software breakthroughs are only just getting under way.The new iPhones come with iOS 7 , a redesigned operating system . ... This software looks nothing like the old iOS . It 's all white and clean , almost barren . ... You might love this design , and you might loathe it . You also might get used to it . But in any case , iOS 7 is more efficient to navigate , because nothing on the screen is eye candy ; everything is a button , so you spend less time hunting for things . " "  If you wanted to summarize ... here it is : Apple still believes in superb design and tremendous polish . The iPhone is no longer the only smartphone that will keep you delighted for the length of your two-year contract -- but it 's still among the few that will . " On the iPhone 5C : "  It 's essentially identical to last year 's iPhone 5 , except that its back and sides are a single piece of plastic instead of metal and glass . It 's a terrific phone . The price is right . It will sell like hot cakes . ... But just sheathing last year 's phone in shiny plastic is n't a stunning advance . " Lauren Goode , All Things Digital On the iPhone 5C : "  You 've seen this phone before . Sure , it has a new name : iPhone 5c . And its plastic body comes in different colors . It also has an attractive price when tied to a wireless contract . But the 5c is really a slightly improved iPhone 5 , which Apple is no longer offering . While the 5c looks and feels very familiar , it 's still a good phone and an improvement over the 5 . But its improvements are evolutionary , not revolutionary . " Myriam Joire , Engadget "  Though it 's easy to dismiss this handset as iterative , the 5s is the first smartphone with full 64-bit support and a capacitive fingerprint sensor , and it also ships with a fresh , revamped version of iOS . This might not matter to folks who were content with the status quo , but it matters a lot to Apple -- and to the company 's future as well -- especially if the company wants to fend off an increasingly fierce pack of competitors . " "  The 5s is a solid effort from Apple , but its true worth is yet to be determined . If developers come up with clever ways to take advantage of the M7 coprocessor and the 64-bit support in iOS 7 , the 5s will truly shine . If not , many people might just wait it out another year . "	Early reviews positive for the iPhone 5S "  The best smartphone on the market , " says one reviewer Some say fingerprint scanner is significant , not a gimmick iPhone 5C called "  iPhone 5 , but colorful plastic "
Shanghai  CNN  -- Hours after being mobbed by hundreds of cheering fans at the airport upon his arrival , former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba made his official debut with new team Shanghai Shenhua Saturday afternoon and insisted his move was motivated by challenges of helping Chinese football . "  I did n't come here with the idea of making a lot of money , " said the 34-year-old Ivory Coast football superstar at a press conference , despite local news reports naming him the highest paid player in China who earns more than $ 300,000 a week . "  I came here because of the completely different challenges from what I 've seen in Europe before , " he said . "  I am here to win matches and be the champion -- I am not here to retire , " he added . Shortly after scoring the penalty that crowned Chelsea champions of Europe , Drogba signed an undisclosed two-and-a-half-year contract with Shenhua last month . He joins former Chelsea teammate Nicolas Anelka -- who made the switch in January with a similar reported annual salary of $ 15 million -- at a once-proud football club now struggling to keep its spot in the Chinese Super League . "  We have a difficult job to do , but we are going to work hard and try to make our fans happy , " said Drogba , before reminding the audience of Chelsea 's gradual ascent . "  Maybe it 's going to take time but , believe me , we are going to do everything to achieve it . " His arrival highlights the spending spree by Chinese football clubs on foreign talent . Supporters argue that Chinese players need to learn from the best and international stars give the sport 's weak following in China a much-needed boost . "  The most important thing is that I come here to help Chinese football , " Drogba said . "  I think I have a little bit of experience -- I come here to share that experience and some knowledge . " Critics , however , describe the luring of top players to China as vanity projects by club owners more interested in benefiting their business empires than developing football at the grassroots level in the world 's most populous nation . Shenhua 's owner , Zhu Jun , is an online gaming tycoon whose deep pockets brought Drogba and Anelka to Shanghai . But his company 's latest product -- "  Planetside 2 " -- was prominently featured on Drogba 's uniform in a huge portrait that adorned the backdrop of the press conference , as fiery scenes from the game splashed on big screens . "  They play for Shanghai Shenhua , but they also serve as marketing vehicles for the parent company , " said Jiang Yi , managing editor of the Chinese edition of Sports Illustrated . "  Football-wise , the money is obviously over the top -- but if you look at the bigger picture , the money is well spent . " On the outskirts of Beijing , coach He Hongguang feels even more concerned about the "  money as solution " approach to improve Chinese football . Teaching a children 's football summer camp one recent morning , the former professional player said sports officials and club owners are focusing on the wrong thing . "  I think Chinese football is a bit too eager to achieve quick success and get instant benefits , " he said . "  Football is not so popular in China like in neighboring South Korea and Japan , because they put great emphasis on training and cultivating young players . " A tarnished reputation does n't help , either , as Chinese football has been dogged by years of corruption and mismanagement . Since a nationwide crackdown began three years ago , dozens of senior football figures have been convicted of taking bribes and fixing matches , including two former national league chiefs who were both recently sentenced to more than 10 years in prison . "  There were some problems , " said Drogba . "  The fact that they put it in the frontline -- it 's because they want to stop it -- so it 's good for football . " And his mere presence in Shanghai appears to have already brought good fortune to Shenhua . With Drogba watching from the sidelines , the team beat archrival Beijing Guo'an 3-1 in a home game on a rainy Saturday night -- exactly what the nicknamed "  Magical Beast " promised fans earlier .	Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba is reported to be earning $ 300,000 a week in China Drogba says he has not made the move to retire , and wants to be a champion Critics describe the luring of top players to China as vanity projects "  The most important thing is that I come here to help Chinese football , " Drogba said
CNN  -- A day after launching airstrikes and mortar shells in a remote part of the island of Borneo , Malaysian security forces searched house-to-house Wednesday for gunmen from the Philippines who infiltrated the area last month and clashed with police . The group of Filipino men is believed to number between 100 and 300 . It arrived three weeks ago on the east coast of the Malaysian state of Sabah , on Borneo , demanding recognition as representatives of an old sultanate that ruled the area . Efforts by Malaysian and Philippine authorities to persuade the men to return peacefully to their homes in the nearby southern Philippines failed , and the standoff descended into clashes last week that reportedly left 28 people dead , including nine police officers . Malaysian security forces said their offensive Tuesday , which involved fighter jets , mortars and ground troops , achieved its objectives . However , they did not disclose the number of Filipino fighters captured or killed in the operation , and the Filipino group said the Malaysian attack failed to inflict any casualties . On Wednesday , Malaysian police and armed forces combed the area around Kampung Tanduo , the village where the Filipinos had originally been holed up , in an attempt to flush out the gunmen , according to Bernama , Malaysia 's national news agency . Alarm in Malaysia The crisis in Sabah alarmed Malaysians over the ease with which the intruders entered the country from the nearby southern Philippines , where a number of Muslim rebel groups are based . It has also revived an unresolved territorial issue between the Philippines and Malaysia . The Malaysian forces ' task of tracking down the gunmen has been complicated by the Filipinos ' efforts to blend in with the local population , Ismail Omar , the head of Malaysian Police , said at a news conference Wednesday , according to Bernama . Ismail said one gunman was believed fatally shot early Wednesday after ambushing Malaysian security forces , but that the other attackers had retrieved his body . There are strong ethnic ties between many inhabitants of Sabah and the southern Philippines . People and goods regularly go back and forth across the porous sea border between the two . The Filipino men have called themselves the Royal Army of the Sultanate of Sulu , a former Islamic power in the region that once controlled parts of the Philippines and Borneo . Its influence has since faded , and it is now a clan in the restive southern Philippines . The sultanate 's leadership has been driven by internal power struggles in recent decades , but the squabbling family members appear to have united in the recent decision to send their followers to Sabah and stake a claim to their former territory . ` No casualties ' Abraham Idjirani , a spokesman for one of the sultanate 's leaders in Manila , said he had spoken twice Wednesday with the leader of the armed group in Sabah , who reported that the men were in "  good condition " and prepared for another possible attack . He claimed the group had suffered no casualties from the assault Tuesday because the Malaysian planes had bombed an area vacated by Filipinos . The sultanate is still open to talks , but the group in Sabah will not return to the Philippines , Idjirani said . The situation on the ground appears to be getting more complex with reports that other Filipino fighters , sympathetic to the sultanate 's cause , are joining the group in Sabah , despite efforts by Malaysia and the Philippines to tighten sea patrols in the area . Idjirani said Tuesday that other people from the region were joining the sultanate 's followers , although he did n't know who they were . And Nur Misuari , a founding leader of the Moro National Liberation Front  MNLF  , a Muslim rebel group that signed a peace deal with the Philippine government in 1996 after decades of armed rebellion , said he believed former fighters from the organization were with the sultanate 's followers in Sabah . He said if any current MNLF members had gone there , they had done so without authorization . A faded power Established in the 15th century , the Sultanate of Sulu became an Islamic power center in Southeast Asia that at one point ruled Sabah . But the encroachment of Western colonial powers , followed by the emergence of the Philippines and Malaysia as independent nation states , steadily eroded the sultanate 's influence . Sulu is now a province within the Republic of the Philippines . But the historical connection still fuels tensions between Malaysia and the Philippines , with Manila retaining a "  dormant claim " to Sabah through the Sultanate of Sulu , according to the CIA World Factbook . The Philippines claims much of the eastern part of Sabah , which was leased to the British North Borneo Company in 1878 by the Sultanate of Sulu . In 1963 , Britain transferred Sabah to Malaysia , a move that the sultanate claimed was a breach of the 1878 deal . Malaysia still pays a token rent to the sultanate for the lease of Sabah .	Malaysian forces try to flush out Filipino fighters on Borneo The Philippine group says it suffered no casualties from an attack Tuesday Malaysian police say one Filipino gunman may have been killed Wednesday Between 100 and 300 Filipinos arrived by boat on the Malaysian coast in February
CNN  -- On a crisp Halloween night , icicle lights and Santa Clauses mingled with ghosts and jack-o ' - lanterns in a Washington , Illinois , neighborhood . The community is helping a family squeeze in a little extra holiday cheer with their young son . Doctors say 2-year-old Dax Locke is losing his fight with acute myeloid leukemia and may only have weeks to live , so parents Julie and Austin Locke put Christmas lights up outside their home for the little boy , who loves glowing things . Dax opens presents each day under a tree that 's already been up for several weeks . "  We do n't have much time left with Dax , do n't know if he will make it to Christmas , so we wanted to have Christmas early , " Julie Locke told local news station WMBD . Neighbor and friend Trish Hurtgen says she and her husband were inspired by the family 's efforts , so they put up their own lights and encouraged neighbors to do the same . Soon , the entire block was lit up with Christmas lights . They also planned a special surprise for the family . While the Lockes traveled to Chicago 's Shedd Aquarium for a special trip with Dax , the neighborhood banded together to decorate a huge tree in the family 's yard so the Lockes could be delighted when they returned just after Halloween . From there , she and other neighbors have helped encourage people to show silent support for the family by putting up Christmas lights at home and around the community . The effort , called Decorate for Dax , has its own Web site with space for people everywhere to send pictures and see others ' displays . Hurtgen calls the Lockes a "  family of courage " that she found inspirational , and she wanted to help if she could . "  This is a family who stayed united and formed a team to help Dax , " Hurtgen said . "  They gave everything they had . We 're trying to do the same thing . " Dax has spent past holidays at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , but this year , he 's at home . Save for receiving palliative radiation to improve his quality of life , he is off cancer treatments . Hurtgen says Dax enjoys going for car rides and seeing the lights on around him . The family plans to make a book out of photos that people send so Dax will be able to see all the lights for Christmas if he 's too sick to go outside . iReporter Cindy Miller lives in the area and got involved in local neighborhood decorating projects . She posted a video on CNN iReport to raise awareness of the Decorate for Dax project . She narrated a drive through Dax 's neighborhood shortly after Halloween , and many houses were illuminated . Take a cruise through Dax 's brightened neighborhood During one project , locals put up lights and luminarias at a local park . Miller sent photos and video of the illuminated areas she spotted , including a red , white and green sign with Dax 's name in bright lights . Miller said her heart was warmed by all the work the community put into the decorations , and she was overjoyed to see Dax out with the family amid all the people helping to decorate . "  I sobbed like a baby , but was overjoyed at the show of support for this family who may not have their baby here at Christmastime . It 's unusual to see Christmas lights up so early , but this year , there 's a good reason . " Hurtgen says she 's been surprised by how Decorate for Dax has taken off . Submissions have come from all over the United States and in far-flung countries like Australia and Germany . "  I do n't know how the word is getting out , " Hurtgen said . Hurtgen added that one woman even wrote in to say that her husband , stationed in Afghanistan , was working with fellow troops to photograph a lights display for Dax . Send photos of decorations to CNN Some of the colorful and bright displays she 's seen include big signs with Dax 's name on them and holiday-themed shapes and figurines . Other displays are more humble , like a message from another boy in a hospital and a makeshift tribute inside a tiny apartment . "  It does n't have to be big , just your way of showing support . " The Lockes are n't the only family hosting an early Christmas . Diana Biorkman of South Lyon , Michigan , told CNN affiliate WDIV that her son , Noah , is dying of a Stage 4 neuroblastoma , which is a type of cancer that forms in nerve tissue . Noah loves opening mail , so the family asked people to send him a Christmas card . Word got out , and he started getting gifts and cards from strangers . The family recently picked up a carload of mail and toys . Detroit Tigers baseball player Brandon Inge even sent a card and stopped over for a "  play date " that included building a snow fort with Noah . Hurtgen says the silent show of support works well for their community because Dax needs his rest and the family needs their privacy . Perhaps , she said , people will see this odd display of early lights and wonder what is going on . Maybe they 'll also pause for a moment to think about Dax and about what they can do to help . The family is asking people to make donations to St. Jude . "  That 's what Christmas is about , giving and not needing to get in return . " Everyone is holding out hopes Dax will make it to Christmas . "  Christmas would be a miracle . We 're praying for a big miracle . "	Neighbors put up decorations early for 2-year-old Dax Locke Doctors say Dax , who has acute myeloid leukemia , has just weeks to live Dax 's parents have gotten support from all over the world
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese authorities Tuesday "  provisionally " declared the country 's nuclear accident a level-7 event on the international scale for nuclear disasters -- the highest level -- putting it on par with the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency announced the new level Tuesday morning . It had previously been at 5 . Regulators have determined the amount of radioactive iodine released by the damaged reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant was at least 15 times the volume needed to reach the top of the International Nuclear Event Scale , the agency said . That figure is still about 10 percent of the amount released at Chernobyl , they said . The amount of radioactive Cesium-137 , which has a half-life of 30 years , is about one-seventh the amount released at Chernobyl , according to the agency . Japan 's nuclear concerns explained Hidehiko Nishiyama , the safety agency 's chief spokesman , explained the final level wo n't be set until the disaster is over and a more detailed investigation has been conducted . Tetsunari Iida , a former nuclear engineer-turned-industry critic , told CNN the declaration has no immediate practical impact on the crisis . It is a sign , however , that Japanese regulators have rethought their earlier assessments of the disaster , said Iida , who now runs an alternative energy think-tank in Tokyo . According to the scale , a level 5 equates to the likelihood of a release of radioactive material , several deaths from radiation and severe damage to a reactor core . The 1979 incident at Pennsylvania 's Three Mile Island was a 5 . The partial meltdown of a reactor core there was deemed the worst nuclear accident in U.S. history . The Chernobyl accident in the former Soviet Union rated a 7 on the scale , which equates to a "  major release of radioactive material with widespread health and environmental effects requiring implementation of planned and extended countermeasures . " Japan 's government called for evacuations Monday from several towns beyond the danger zone already declared around Fukushima Daiichi , warning that residents could receive high doses of radiation over the coming months . Japan to evacuate more towns Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said the municipalities are likely to see long-term radiation levels that exceed international safety standards , and he warned that the month-old crisis at Fukushima Daiichi is not yet over . "  Things are relatively more stable , and things are stabilizing , " he said . "  However , we need to be ready for the possibility that things may turn for the worse . " And about an hour after he spoke , a fresh earthquake rattled the country , forcing workers to evacuate the plant and knocking out power to the three damaged reactors for about 40 minutes , the plant 's owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , reported . The magnitude 6.6 tremor came a month to the day after the magnitude 9 quake and tsunami that knocked out the plant 's cooling systems , and followed a magnitude 7.1 aftershock Thursday night . Neither the 6.6 quake nor any of the smaller ones that rippled across the region in its wake inflicted any more damage to the plant , Tokyo Electric officials told reporters . At least six killed in latest Japan quake Tuesday morning , a fire broke out in a battery storage building in a water discharge area of reactors 1-4 at Fukushima Daiichi , Tokyo Electric said . The fire was out a few hours later and the company said it caused no radiation emissions and no effect on cooling systems . Japan 's government said it did not know how many people would be displaced by the new evacuation orders . Evacuation orders have so far covered about 85,000 people inside the 20-kilometer  12.4-mile  zone , while another 62,000 within 30 kilometers have been told to stay inside , Fukushima prefecture officials told CNN . The decision announced Monday does not create a wider radius around the plant , said Masanori Shinano , an official with Japan 's Nuclear Safety Commission . Instead , "  if there are areas in the northwestern parts where there is a risk of exceeding 20 millisieverts as a cumulative dose over a one-year period , the area will be designated an evacuation area even if it is beyond the 30-kilometer area , " Shinano told reporters Monday night . That dose is a tiny fraction of what would cause immediate radiation sickness , but it 's more than seven times the amount a typical resident of a western industrialized country receives from background sources in a year . Long-term exposures to those levels of radiation could increase the risk of cancer -- and the presence of cesium isotopes that have half-lives of up to 30 years means that radioactivity could linger for some time . The "  nuclear renaissance " that was n't "  This policy does not require immediate evacuation right away , but we take the long-term perspective , considering the long-term effect of radiation on your health , " Edano told reporters . Japanese authorities attributed growing concentrations of cesium-134 , with a two-year half-life , and cesium-137 , which loses half its radioactivity over 30 years , to the decay of larger concentrations of iodine-131 , which has a half-life of eight days . Edano said residents of five towns and cities to the north and west of the plant -- Katsurao , Kawamata , Namie , Iitate and parts of Minami Soma -- should evacuate within a month if they have not already done so . Parts of Namie and Minami Soma are already within the 20-kilometer evacuation radius drawn in the first days of the accident , while Iitate , Kawamata and Katsurao are beyond the 30-kilometer range . Residents of five other areas -- in Hirono , Kawauchi , Naraha and parts of Tamura to the south , and the rest of Minami Soma -- were told they should be prepared to clear out soon . Hirono and Kawauchi lie in the outer belt of the current zone , while Naraha and Tamura are beyond the current 30-kilometer radius . One-month anniversary of disaster The anti-nuclear group Greenpeace , which had warned about higher radiation levels in towns outside the evacuation zone two weeks ago , called Edano 's declaration a good step , but said evacuations should take place sooner than the one-month goal Japan has set . Jan van de Putte , a Greenpeace radiation safety expert who took readings in Iitate and Namie , said the levels of radioactivity are likely to remain dangerous "  for years to come . " "  The bad news is what we 're seeing today is going to decay very , very gradually , " van de Putte told CNN . After a month of improvisation and frustration , Tokyo Electric says it has no idea when it will be able to restore normal cooling for the reactors and spent fuel pools at Fukushima Daiichi , about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Tokyo Electric President Masataka Shimizu visited the off-site headquarters for authorities attempting to manage the disaster Monday and met with local officials from Fukushima Prefecture , emerging to issue another apology for the situation . "  I would like to apologize from the bottom of my heart to the people of Fukushima and residents of the host towns of the Fukushima power plant for forcing them to go through enormous difficulties due to the accident that occurred in the wake of the quake and tsunami , " he said in a prepared statement released through the company . Shimizu -- who was hospitalized for "  fatigue and stress " in late March -- also expressed regret that he did n't apologize to Fukushima Prefecture residents before Monday . The province 's governor skipped the meeting , however . Engineers are working to drain highly radioactive water from the basements of the turbine plants behind reactors No. 1 through 3 even as they pour hundreds of metric tons of water a day into the reactors to keep them cool . The water must be pumped out in order to get to the machinery that runs the coolant systems , and Tokyo Electric has dumped more than 10,000 tons of less-contaminated water into the Pacific Ocean in the past week to make room for the stuff -- a move that drew sharp criticism of the Japanese government , which approved the discharge as an emergency measure . Other contamination is leaking into the Pacific behind the plant , most likely carried along by groundwater , Japanese regulators have said . At the plant Monday , workers began installing sections of silt fence around the water intakes at the back of the plant to screen out radioactive particles . But the injection of nitrogen into the containment vessel around reactor No. 1 to counter a buildup of explosive hydrogen was stopped for the recent earthquake , said Hidehiko Nishiyama , the chief spokesman for the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency . In addition , Nishiyama said engineers have found gas escaping from the reactor containment vessel . But he said the nitrogen injections will resume , and the leaks were not affecting the stability of the reactor . Hydrogen buildup is a symptom of overheated fuel rods in the reactor core . Spectacular hydrogen explosions blew the roofs and walls off the buildings surrounding the No. 1 and No. 3 reactors in the days after the tsunami , and another suspected hydrogen blast may have caused a leak in the No. 2 reactor . Tokyo Electric has said there is little danger of another explosion , but has begun pumping nitrogen into unit No. 1 as a precaution and plans to do the same for units 2 and 3 . Ailing Chang and Susan Olson , and CNN 's Whitney Hurst and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .	NEW : The agency raises the level from 5 to 7 7 is the highest possible level and is on par with Chernobyl Japan 's government has called for further evacuations Cities covered by Monday 's orders should evacuate in about a month , Edano says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The wet tissues pile up as pollen from trees swirls in the air , clogging noses and tickling eyes without relief . This is what parts of March , April and May are like for many Americans . The earlier in the allergy season you seek treatment , the better , experts say . Some years are worse than others , and pollen forecasters try to keep the public up to date on how the season progresses . So , how do we know when it 's the "  worst in years " ? There are no nationwide government pollen trackers , but private companies do monitoring . SDI Health LLC , the company that runs the popular Web site pollen.com , has 480 pollen monitoring stations in the United States , said Gerry Kress , the company 's owner . "  We 're forecasting a heavier season this year than last year , " he said . Pollen.com 's national pollen reports and forecasts are based on the pollen count and the number of people affected by pollen allergies in different areas of the country , Kress said . See map of worst U.S. cities for allergies " SDI takes into account the weather patterns and the types of pollen in each area to predict the number of people who will suffer from pollen allergies from February 1 to May 31 . How much do you know about allergies ? Take the quiz " While there may be more allergy sufferers generally in the United States , different areas will have distinct experiences . The Northeast , because of the high population and the types of plants that grow there , is usually the strongest allergy area , and it will likely have a heavier season than last year , SDI predicts . A large area from Minneapolis , Minnesota , all the way to Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , will also be stronger , as will areas from Louisiana to South Carolina , Kress said . The area around Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Wilmington , Delaware , and New York will be about the same as last year . The West Coast , Texas , and many Southern states , on the other hand , will have fewer than or about the same number of allergy sufferers as last year , he said . Other pollen analysts have their own ways of characterizing and forecasting the season . Allergy sufferers in the Southeast may have a particularly tough season this year , said Dr. Stanley Fineman , an allergist with the Atlanta Allergy and Asthma Clinic . That 's because there were high tree pollen counts in February , followed by a low pollen count during several weeks of colder weather , and now there 's a lot of pollen again , he said . Patients may experience a priming effect from this , he said . Having been exposed early in the season , then re-exposed after a period of low pollen , people 's sensitivity may be heightened , and they will have a more drastic , violent response to this new round of pollen . Then there 's the role of the economy . Dr. Jeffery Adelglass and his group at the Allergy Testing & Treatment Center in Plano , Texas , predict a mild to moderate season in urban areas such as Dallas , Texas . If people drive less to save gas money , that would lower the level of pollution , which exacerbates allergies , he said . "  As the economy picks up , we expect to see a return of the runny nose , itchy eyes , sneezing and wheezing that we 're accustomed to , " Adelglass said . People who live in rural areas will still experience quite a bit of pollen , he said . The pollen spreads further with the wind when there 's nothing to block it , such as city buildings . How is pollen measured ? Many experts use a Rotorod , a special machine manufactured by SDI that has small rods that collect pollen throughout a given 24 hours . Then , a technician will take the rods off to analyze the pollen . The pollen count reported on the Web site atlantaallergy.com through Rotorod measurements is how many pollen grains there are per cubic meter of air in 24 hours , Fineman said . A low reading is 0 to 30 , moderate is 31 to 60 , high is 61 to 120 and extremely high is anything over 121 , Fineman said . This week got off to a particularly bad start for Atlanta allergy sufferers , with Monday at 192 , Tuesday at 618 , and Wednesday at 1063 , according to Fineman 's group 's scale . By comparison , in 2008 , the corresponding days had pollen counts of 10 , 17 and 214 , respectively . Thursday morning , the city experienced heavy rain , and the pollen count dropped to 78 . One offensive variety is pine pollen , which Atlanta and other Southeastern U.S. residents know well as the green stuff on their cars every year . Major pollens also include birch , oak , sweetgum and sycamore . But even relatively low pollen counts cause some people to suffer , he said . People seem to be having problems earlier in the season because of a warming trend , which makes the trees pollinate earlier , he said . In the Dallas area , Adelglass 's group also uses a Rotorod . Grass pollen levels are beginning to elevate and will get worse in April and May , he said , while right now it 's the trees -- juniper , maple and elm , he said . Thursday , the highest levels of pollen in the Dallas area were from maple at 682 grains per cubic meter , according to his group 's measurements . See pollen counts for the Dallas-Fort Worth-Plano area Pollen levels tend to drop on rainy days , but rain also waters the grass , he said . Treating the sniffles About 17.6 million Americans have diagnosed allergic rhinitis , also called hay fever , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . SDI data show that about 20 million people suffered from allergies across the country in the week ending March 20 , a slight decrease compared with the same week last year . A variety of antihistamines are available over the counter . A recent survey by the American Pharmacists Association of 1,000 pharmacists found that for adult antihistamines , 32 percent of recommendations in a week were for Claritin , 28 percent were for Zyrtec and 25 percent were for Benadryl . For multisymptom allergy and hay fever products , 35 percent of recommendations in a week were for Claritin-D , 26 percent were for Zyrtec-D and 10 percent were for Actifed Cold & Allergy . The survey had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . Sometimes allergy patients need additional help . Allergists can prescribe stronger prescription medications and nasal sprays . They may also do a skin test to see exactly which kinds of pollen , dust or even pets may be causing symptoms . Allergy shots , which introduce small amounts of allergens into the body to build tolerance , are recommended for people with severe symptoms , especially those that lead to sinus infections , or people who have occupational concerns about taking traditional medications , Adelglass said . "  I would n't like my airplane pilot to be taking sedating antihistamines . I would n't like my chef to be sneezing in my soup . I would like my policeman wide awake at night , not taking medicines that impair his judgment and alertness , " he said . The earlier in the season people get treatment for allergies , the better off they will be , Adelglass said . "  Once their system gets primed , it only goes from bad to worse , " he said . If you or your child suffer from allergies , take this quiz from allergyandasthmarelief.org to see if you need additional treatment .	Tree pollen is already at high levels in the Southeast and Texas Expert : Less pollution means some relief for allergies in urban areas CDC : About 17.6 million Americans have diagnosed hay fever Allergy shots are an option for people with severe symptoms or work concerns
CNN  -- Golfer Tiger Woods will "  apologize for his behavior " Friday when he makes a statement at PGA headquarters in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida , his agent said . Agent Mark Steinberg said Woods would not answer questions . It will be the golfer 's first public appearance since his November 27 car crash outside his home near Orlando , Florida . "  Tiger Woods will be speaking to a small group of friends , colleagues and close associates , " Steinberg said . " ... Tiger plans to discuss his past and his future and he intends to apologize for his behavior . " A statement on Woods ' Web site elaborated : "  While Tiger feels that what happened is fundamentally a matter between him and his wife , he also recognizes that he has hurt and let down a lot of other people who were close to him . He also let down his fans . He wants to begin the process of making amends , and that 's what he 's going to discuss . " Blog : No apologies Tiger , just be real Steinberg said he did n't know if Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren , would appear with her husband . Woods crashed his black Cadillac Escalade into a fire hydrant and then a tree just a few days after the National Enquirer reported he was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess who denied the affair . A day after he paid his $ 164 traffic ticket , Woods ' seemingly perfect world began to crumble under what would eventually become an avalanche of allegations of infidelity threatening his five-year marriage to Nordegren . The couple have two children , Charlie , 1 , and Sam , 2 . Woods issued an apology for "  transgressions " that had let his family down , as several women reported they had affairs with the golfer -- including one woman who allegedly had Woods on a voicemail asking her to take his name off her cell phone because "  my wife went through my phone and may be calling you . " Several of Woods ' major sponsors , including AT&T and Accenture , ended their business relationships with Woods following the crash and the exposure of his marriage troubles . iReport : Share your thoughts on Woods ' apology But other companies , including Nike and Pepsi 's Gatorade , continue to sponsor Woods , who has taken a break from his professional golfing career . Procter & Gamble 's Gillette said it would stop airing commercials featuring the golfer for a while .	NEW : No word on whether Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren , will appear with her husband Agent : Woods will make statement at PGA headquarters in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida Woods will not answer questions , agent Mark Steinberg says Woods plans to discuss his future and to apologize for his behavior , Steinberg says
CNN  -- Adam Mayes -- accused of murder and kidnapping in a case involving a Tennessee mother and her three daughters -- has died , FBI spokesman Joel Siskovic said late Thursday . The two sisters he allegedly kidnapped were found alive , law enforcement sources said . There had been conflicting reports about whether Mayes was dead or alive after he reportedly shot himself in Union County , Mississippi . Daniel McMullen , FBI special agent in charge in Jackson , Mississippi , said that officers with the Mississippi Highway Safety Patrol and state Department of Fisheries , Wildlife and Parks rescued Alexandria and Kyliyah Bain , "  alive and unharmed . " "  Preliminary reports indicate that Mr. Mayes shot himself in the head and was later pronounced dead , " McMullen told reporters . The two surviving sisters "  are suffering from the experience of being out in the woods and from being kidnapped . They are suffering from dehydration and exhaustion , but appear OK , " a federal law enforcement source on the scene told CNN . Mayes , 35 , was suspected of abducting Alexandria , 12 , and Kyliyah , 8 , from their Whiteville , Tennessee , home , in late April , and killing Jo Ann Bain and her eldest daughter , Adrienne , 14 . The FBI on Wednesday put Adam Mayes on its list of 10 most wanted fugitives . The reward for information leading to Mayes ' arrest stood at $ 175,000 on Thursday . Authorities responded Thursday evening after someone called to report what they believed may have been Mayes ' vehicle , a law enforcement source close to the investigation said . A task force was nearby and as they approached , Mayes stood up and shot himself in the head , the source said . The two girls were not near him at the time . Mayes and his wife , Teresa Mayes , had been charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of especially aggravated kidnapping . He faced an additional count of making a false report , according to arrest affidavits filed in Tennessee . Adam Mayes ' mother-in-law told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Thursday that he may have believed he was the father of the two young girls he was accused of abducting . "  He believes they are his children , " Josie Tate told Grace . Tate , who lives in Chatsworth , Georgia , tearfully pleaded for Mayes to return Alexandria and Kyliyah Bain and turn himself in . "  You 've had a chance to live life . They have n't , " Tate said . "  Give them that chance . " Police said Teresa Mayes told them she was in the Bains ' garage when Adam Mayes killed Jo Ann and Adrienne Bain . Teresa Mayes ' lawyer , Shana Johnson , said Thursday that her client last saw Mayes and the Bain girls in Mississippi on April 27 . The Mayes family and the Bain family are connected through Adam Mayes ' sister Pamela , who used to be married to Jo Ann 's husband , Gary Bain , the lawyer said . Johnson told HLN she was "  happy " and "  relieved " the girls had been found alive . In affidavits , investigators said the Mayeses drove the bodies of Jo Ann and Adrienne Bain to Union County in northern Mississippi , where they were discovered Saturday in a shallow grave behind the house of Adam Mayes ' mother in Guntown , Mississippi . Adam Mayes ' mother , Mary Frances Mayes , has been charged with four counts of conspiracy to commit especially aggravated kidnapping . Adam Mayes was last seen May 1 in Guntown . While the search was centered around his hometown , he also had connections to Arizona , Texas , Florida and the Carolinas , the FBI said . Bobbi Booth , Mayes ' sister-in-law , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday night that she 's "  overwhelmed right now . " "  All I 'm  thinking  about now is that the children are safe , " said Booth . "  Thank you , God , for letting those children come home . " Booth described Adam Mayes as "  aggressive , abusive , crazy obviously . " But Booth said she never had an inkling Mayes would be accused of kidnapping and murder . "  I never dreamed that he would do this , " she said . CNN 's Rich Phillips and Joe Sutton , and HLN 's Natisha Lance , Mike Brooks and Josey Crews contributed to this report .	Reports indicate Adam Mayes shot himself in head , FBI says Two abducted sisters were found alive in Mississippi Adam and wife Teresa Mayes were charged with kidnapping and murder
CNN  -- An internationally renowned paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones from federal land , his attorneys said in a court filing . Paleontologist Nate Murphy is expected to plead guilty to stealing fossils from federal land . Nate Murphy , whose famous finds include Leonardo , one of the best-preserved dinosaurs in the world , will make that plea in federal court in Billings , Montana . Earlier this month , Murphy pleaded guilty to state charges of stealing a fossil from private land in order to sell it . An expert cited in that case said Murphy 's find was worth between $ 150,000 and $ 400,000 . The self-taught dinosaur expert , who is director of vertebrate paleontology at the Judith River Dinosaur Institute , could face jail time . Murphy and his attorney did not immediately respond to phone messages Friday from CNN . Jessica Fehr , lead prosecutor in the case , said the U.S. Attorney 's Office would not comment until after the plea is entered . In court papers , federal prosecutors say Murphy knowingly took fossils from federal property between about August 2006 and August 2007 . The "  paleontological resources " were said to be worth at least $ 1,000 . In the state case , Murphy pleaded guilty to a felony charge of theft . As part of the plea , the state recommended Murphy 's sentence be deferred for five years . Douglas Erwin , president of The Paleontological Society and curator of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History , said "  theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem . " In a written statement sent to CNN on Friday , he said such thefts "  can often result in the loss of important scientific information and the disappearance of specimens that belong to the public . "  At the same time , however , fossil collecting , particularly of common invertebrate fossils , has been a pastime enjoyed by many for decades , and is an important way of connecting people with their natural heritage . " An omnibus public lands bill , which the U.S. Senate passed Thursday , includes penalties for fossil theft from public land .	Attorney says well-known paleontologist will plead guilty to stealing dinosaur bones Nate Murphy , of the Judith River Dinosaur Institute , has made major fossil finds Murphy is accused of taking fossils from federal lands in Montana Smithsonian : "  Theft of fossils from pubic lands has long been a problem "
CNN  -- During a family trip to the beach last month , 4-year-old Paul Franklin fell and scraped his right knee . That 's not unusual ; little boys do all the time . It 's what emerged from his swollen knee that makes this a tale worth telling : a snail . Paul of Aliso Viejo , California , was walking along the beach when he dinged his knee against a rock . "  We just cleaned it up , put a Band-Aid on it , " his father , Ken Franklin , told CNN affiliate KCAL . "  Before you know it , a couple weeks later , his knee was very swollen and somewhat infected . " A doctor told Paul 's mom , Rachael , that it might be a nasty staph infection . Antibiotics helped , but there was a growing black bump underneath the skin . Tired of waiting and certain the wound needed to be drained , the mom decided to take matters into her own hands . She squeezed it with her fingers and out it popped . "  It looked like a rock . It was a black thing , " she told the station . "  I put it on a paper towel and I 'm like , ` That is a weird looking rock . It has swirls on it , ' and I turn it over and it is a sea snail . " The family figures a snail egg got under Paul 's skin when he scuffed up his knee . And little Paul 's reaction ? "  I thought it was kind of crazy , " he said . But not so crazy that the preschooler did n't take ownership of the find . The Orange County Register reports that Paul named the snail Turbo , after the star of this summer 's animated feature . CNN 's Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	Growing black bump turns out to be a sea snail A snail egg may have gotten into his knee at the beach Four-year-old Paul Franklin names the snail Turbo "  I thought it was kind of crazy , " he says
CNN  -- Imagine the following scenario . A woman and her husband underwent infertility treatment in the early 1990s . Now they learn their daughter , contrary to what they thought , is not the man 's biological child . Instead , her biological father is a former medical technician responsible for preparing sperm samples . That 's the situation facing a family that received treatment at the University of Utah Community Laboratory and Reproductive Medical Technologies Inc. , known as RMTI . The university says it 's investigating the case . It has put together a panel of physicians and retained an independent medical ethicist . The university is also offering paternity testing to families that may be affected , and set up a hot line for patients with questions . "  We sympathize with the anxiety this family has experienced . We do not know how this occurred and are carefully reviewing the concerns raised , " the University of Utah Health Care said . A widow speaks Tom Lippert is suspected of switching a patient 's sperm with his own . His widow , Jean Lippert , spoke to CNN affiliate KUTV , describing her husband as troubled . He was employed by both the University of Utah Community Laboratory and RMTI , which became defunct in 1998 . The laboratories were separate entities but shared oversight and staff . Lippert had a criminal record and a spotty record at work . Some documents discovered so far suggest he deserved a raise , while others said that more oversight was needed both of him and the laboratories , according to the university . Jean Lippert told KUTV that she and her husband never had children of their own , but that her husband told her he had them . Tom Lippert was "  proud of the fact he had these kids out there , " she said . The couple was married for 20 years before Tom Lippert died from cirrhosis of the liver , KUTV reported . He was 49 . "  It seemed like he  Tom  was trying to be a decent person , " his widow told the affiliate , adding that "  good Tom " did n't stick around for long . "  If I would have left he would have killed me . He threatened my life every day , " Jean Lippert reportedly said . "  I did n't stay out of the goodness of my heart . " Sperm smuggling alleged at prison ` What we can answer , we will ' The university has been careful to stress that today 's policies and protocols are different from those in place in those two labs , given industry standards in the 1980s and early 1990s . "  This is a shocking story to all of us , " said Sean Mulvihill , chief executive officer of the University of Utah Medical Group , reported CNN affiliate KTVX . He reportedly estimated that Lippert may have interacted with 1,000 families ; 15 have called the hot line to date . "  The events in question occurred more than 20 years ago and records from that time are incomplete . That challenge notwithstanding , we are committed to reaching a fuller understanding of what happened then and to providing our patients with relevant information in an expeditious and compassionate manner , " the university said . It continued : "  While there are inherent challenges -- the passage of time , the fact that RMTI has been defunct since 1998 , and the deaths of Mr. Lippert and RMTI 's principal , Dr. Ron Urry -- what we can answer , we will . " After struggling to have children , couple ` pissed ' to be pregnant with twins	A woman and her husband underwent infertility treatment in the early 1990s Contrary to what they thought , their daughter is the biological offspring of a lab technician "  What we can answer , we will , " says the University of Utah
CNN  A federal investigation has not found enough evidence to charge Darren Wilson for depriving Michael Brown of his civil rights , according to multiple sources familiar with the probe . This would be the second time the former police officer has avoided standing trial in the black teen 's fatal shooting last summer in Ferguson , Missouri . The FBI joined local officials in interviewing more than 200 people -- and looked at much the same evidence -- as a St. Louis County grand jury that decided in November not to indict Wilson , who is white , on any charges in Brown 's death . That federal law enforcement agency has now completed its investigation into the August shooting and sent its findings to the Justice Department , a law enforcement official and a separate U.S. official said Wednesday . Based on that probe , Justice Department prosecutors wo n't recommend civil rights charges against Wilson because there is not sufficient evidence to support them , a U.S. official told CNN . The New York Times first reported the development Wednesday . The Justice Department report has not been completed , and Attorney General Eric Holder ultimately will make the final decision whether to press federal civil rights charges against Wilson . Still , it would n't be a surprise if Holder does n't call for charges . While he 's been outspoken on Ferguson , met with Brown 's family and said he understood African-Americans ' mistrust for police after the incident , the attorney general acknowledged in November that "  federal civil rights law imposes a high legal bar in these types of cases . " The shooting of the 18-year-old Brown stirred months of emotionally charged , widespread and at times violent demonstrations in Ferguson , a few miles northwest of St. Louis . "  Hands up , do n't shoot " became a mantra for protesters nationwide decrying what they called undue , unfair police violence against African-Americans , resonating even after grand jury testimony disputed whether Brown ever actually raised his arms in surrender . Those protests bubbled up in the days immediately after the shooting , with anger growing due to what some saw as law enforcement 's heavy-handed response . And they swelled again after the grand jury 's decision this fall not to indict Wilson on state charges . If Holder decides , based on prosecutors ' recommendation , not to press federal civil rights charges against Wilson , that could rile things up yet again . Antonio French , a St. Louis city alderman who has been involved in the Ferguson protests , thinks some people will be disappointed , at the least . "  The community and the family wanted a day in court , an opportunity to see all the evidence laid out , cross-examined , " French said . "  And it looks like that 's not going to happen . I hope we do n't have any violence as a result of this . " For now , though , Brown 's family is laying low . What are the Brown family 's options ? Benjamin Crump , a lawyer for the family , has said he felt federal civil rights charges against Wilson were "  not very likely " given the "  very high standard " that has to be met . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin has noted that authorities would need proof that Wilson exhibited "  racial hostility , " presumably by what he said before , during or after the shooting . The Brown camp deferred comment on Wednesday 's news reports suggesting there would be no charges . "  The family of Michael Brown Jr. will wait for official word from the Justice Department regarding whether or not any charges will be filed against the police officer who shot and killed him , " Crump said in a written statement . "  The family wo n't address speculation from anonymous sources . " Even without charges , this story is n't over . It 's possible that Brown 's family will file a civil lawsuit against Wilson , who resigned in late November citing security concerns . And the U.S. Justice Department still has another open investigation -- this one looking at the Ferguson Police Department as a whole . "  Anecdotal accounts underscore the history of mistrust of law enforcement in Ferguson that has received a good deal of attention , " Holder said in September . "  Our investigation will assess the police department 's use of force , including deadly force . It will analyze stops , searches and arrests . And it will examine the treatment of individuals detained at Ferguson 's city jail . " That investigation could lead to significant changes in Ferguson , much as similar federal probes have produced in New Orleans , Los Angeles , Pittsburgh , Cincinnati and elsewhere . But it would n't mean charges for Wilson , personally , or that anyone would go on trial . It 's also possible there could be legislation , policy changes or personnel turnovers not forced by the federal government . In his State of the State speech on Wednesday , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said addressing "  the broader , systemic issues " raised by the unrest that followed the killing of Brown would demand "  sustained effort . " "  The legacy of Ferguson will be determined by what we do next ... to foster healing and hope ... and the changes we make to strengthen all of our communities , " he said . At the least , French said , he expects more protests to keep up pressure on authorities . "  That 's a good thing , " he said . "  But we want to keep them peaceful , nonviolent because violence makes the situation worse . It divides the community in a time we need to come together and make everyone feel like they can get equal protection . " Ultimately , he said , some of the protesters ' goals can be achieved outside the courts . "  The next steps I think are legislative change , " French said , "  trying to make sure that in cases like this we get a special prosecutor by law , and to create a new level of civilian oversight over police departments . " CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Catherine E. Shoichet , Dave Alsup , Jethro Mullen and Wolf Blitzer contributed to this report .	Sources : Federal prosecutors do n't think there 's enough proof for civil rights charges A grand jury decided against state charges for ex-Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson It all stems from Michael Brown 's fatal shooting , which stirred up large , emotional protests
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama delivered a rousing speech Saturday night to the nation 's largest gay rights group , praising the gay community for making strides in equal rights and pledging to deliver on major campaign promises that some say he 's left on the back burner . President Obama speaks Saturday night at the Human Rights Campaign dinner in Washington . "  For nearly 30 years , you 've advocated for those without a voice , " Obama said during his address at the dinner for the Human Rights Campaign . "  Despite the progress we 've made , there are still laws to change and hearts to open . " Obama 's speech came as gay rights activists continued to lose patience over the lack of change to key issues for the gay community -- including the Pentagon 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . It comes on the eve of a major gays-rights rally in Washington . "  This fight continues now and I 'm here with the simple message : I 'm here with you in that fight , " Obama told the applauding crowd . The Human Rights Campaign issued a statement praising the speech , saying it was a "  historic night when we felt the full embrace and commitment of the president of the United States . It 's simply unprecedented . " Obama called for the repeal of the ban on gays in the military -- the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . "  We should not be punishing patriotic Americans who have stepped forward to serve this country , " he said . "  I 'm working with the Pentagon , its leadership and the members of the House and Senate on ending this policy , legislation that has been introduced in the House to make this happen , I will end ` do n't ask , do n't tell . ' That 's my commitment to you . " The president said he backed the rights of gay couples , saying they should have the "  same rights and responsibilities afforded to any married couple in this country . " He said he has urged Congress to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act and to pass the Domestic Partners Benefit and Obligations Act . Obama also touched on protection against hate crimes , noting that legislation was passed in the House this week that expanded the definition of hate crimes to include attacks based on sexual orientation and gender identity . "  I can announce that after more than a decade , this bill is set to pass and I will sign it into law , " he said . Obama acknowledged the fact that many in the gay community do n't believe government is moving fast enough to address their concerns . "  Many of you do n't believe progress is happening . I want to be honest about that because it 's important to be honest among friends , " he said . "  I said this before , I 'll repeat it again , it 's not important for me to tell you to be patient . " Obama said gay people , like other Americans , are affected by myriad concerns -- namely , the economy and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq -- and stressed that he 's focusing on issues that affect the entire nation . Watch Obama say he will sign hate-crimes legislation " "  While some may wish to define you solely by your sexual orientation or identity alone , you know and I know that none of us want to be defined by one part of what makes us whole , " he said . "  So I know you want me working on jobs and the economy and all of the other issues that we 're dealing with . " Still , Obama said , it 's imperative that the gay community continue to pursue the policies they support . "  It 's so important that you continue to speak out and you continue to set an example and that you continue to press your leaders , including me , and to make the case all across America , " he said . The Human Rights Campaign in its statement praised Obama 's pledge that "  we will see a time in which we as a nation finally recognize the relationships between two men or two women . " The group said Obama "  made it crystal clear that he is our strongest ally in this fight , that he understands and , in fact , encourages our activism and our voice even when we 're impatient with the pace of change . "	Obama praises Human Rights Campaign for 30 years of advocacy "  I 'm here with you in that fight , " Obama says Issues that affect whole nation are important to gays , too , Obama says Obama is "  our strongest ally in this fight , " HRC says in statement
CNN  -- On Monday night , CNN 's Larry King had an exclusive interview with actor George Clooney , who returned from the strife-torn Darfur region of Sudan and just finished meeting with Vice President Joe Biden . George Clooney , left , talks with Vice President Joe Biden at the White House on Monday . King spoke with the activist actor live from the White House on the humanitarian crisis Clooney says we must confront , along with getting a couple of tidbits about what 's next for Clooney 's acting career . The following is a partial transcript , edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King : We begin with George Clooney , the Oscar-winning actor and activist . He 's traveled to Darfur at the refugee camps near the Sudan/Chad border last week and met with Vice President -LSB- Joe -RSB- Biden today . He 's standing , as you see , in front of the White House , where it 's 12 degrees . And we thank him for doing this , because he 's freezing to death . George Clooney : I should have worn an overcoat tonight . King : You have no coat on ? Clooney : No -- and no pants either ... King : Well , you 've always been a little strange , George . Anyway , you met with the vice president today about Darfur . What did you tell him ? Clooney : Basically , we were just talking about coming back from Chad , right on the border of Darfur . And we were talking about there 's a moment coming up relatively soon , probably by the middle of next week , where the International Criminal Court is going to indict the president of Sudan for war crimes , which has never happened before -- a sitting president . And we talked about this being an opportunity , perhaps , not just for the United States , but all of us together to work with the international community in a real diplomatic effort to try and bring some sort of peace to this region . King : What scale of interest did Biden show ? Clooney : Vice President Biden has been incredibly vocal on the issue . We had a long talk about the idea of , first and foremost , appointing a high level , full-time envoy that reports directly to the White House so that it 's not just temporary . We need somebody working on this , you know , every day -- getting up every morning with their sole job to find peace in the area . King : What did you see last week ? Clooney : It was rough . You know , it 's always rough over there . You feel terrible for them . They 're hanging on by a thread . We saw an awful lot of fear . There was -LSB- also -RSB- a tremendous amount of hope . You know , there was a lot of hope that these indictments and this new administration are going to be able to help move the international community toward toward a real peace . King : How do you handle just meeting with these people and seeing this tragedy ? Personally , how do you handle it ? Clooney : I could tell you a million stories about how it actually affects you personally . But I do n't think people should be going there and coming back and saying how it affected them . I think somehow we should all know that these people are hanging on by the skin of their teeth . King : Was your safety in jeopardy ? Clooney : Oh , you 're talking about the U.N. story . King : Yes . What , they pulled your security , right ? Clooney : I was never in jeopardy . I was with journalists who wanted to go into some areas that were n't particularly safe . And we decided that we would go . And that was n't necessarily part of what the U.N. was looking to do . And so we just went on our own . It was fine . I wanted to say something , also , Larry , which I forgot to say about what I just did today . I delivered 250,000 postcards signed by people all across the country who wanted to help give some political capital to and remind this administration of how important this issue is . It was from the Save Darfur people . But it 's from all across the country . And we 're probably going to have another 700,000 by the end of the week . King : What specifically , George , do you want Secretary of State Clinton and the administration to do ? Clooney : It does n't appear that the United States is going to send troops in or that the U.N. Is going to send in an army to do this . What it really means is that we 're going to need diplomacy . And diplomacy has to start and it has to be aggressive and it has to start soon . We have an opportunity here . King : One other quick thing . Are you going to be in the final presentation of "  E.R. ? " Clooney : Actually , I 'm doing a remake of "  Friends , " which -- I did n't want to break the news . King : Oh , my gosh . Clooney : I 'm going be playing the Jennifer Aniston role . King : I 'm thrilled for you , George . Clooney : Thank you . It 's a career move . It 's a choice . King : Are you going to be in "  E.R. ? " Clooney : I am . I 'm in the last episode with Susan Sarandon and Julianna Margulies . So it should be fun . King : Thanks , George . Get out of the cold . Clooney : Thank you . It 's good to talk to you .	CNN 's Larry King talks with George Clooney about his trip to see Darfur refugees Clooney meets with Vice President Joe Biden , urges aggressive U.S. diplomacy Actor on Darfur refugees : "  They 're hanging on by a thread " Clooney says he 'll be back on "  E.R. " for final episode of long-running series
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A lot of people like Adam Sandler . Adam Sandler and Seth Rogen star in "  Funny People , " the new film from Judd Apatow . The box office earnings for many of his films are testament to his drawing power . Sandler 's biggest comedic blockbusters include "  Big Daddy , " "  The Waterboy " and "  The Longest Yard , " each of which has earned well over $ 150 million domestically . He has seven other titles that have also passed the coveted $ 100 million mark . The thing all these films have in common is that they are all comedies . So , it 's likely safe to assume there are more than a few Hollywood execs nervously biting their knuckles right now , wondering how Sandler 's latest big-screen offering , the dark comedy "  Funny People " -- written and directed by his longtime friend Judd Apatow  "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin "  -- will fare . Though hilarious at times , the film 's overall story of a world-famous comedian 's brush with a terminal illness is decidedly serious . Watch Apatow and Sandler react to a doctor with an accent " Much of the movie 's personality can be summarized in one scene in particular in which Sandler and co-star Seth Rogen are sitting in a doctor 's office receiving very bad news that they somehow turn into laughter . Sandler and Rogen talked to CNN about what went into creating that scene .	"  Funny People " stars Adam Sandler as comedian who gets bad health news Judd Apatow-directed film balances comedy with dead seriousness Many tough scenes are lightened by byplay of Sandler , co-stars
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's family gathered Tuesday for an early Thanksgiving dinner , determined not to let money and fame pull it apart , the pop icon 's older brother said . "  That 's really , really important because we 're a family and throughout the years , the managers , the agents and Hollywood have tried to come between that , " Jermaine Jackson said . "  What they do n't know is we were together before we came out here and we 're going to continue to be together . " Jackson spoke to CNN at a Tuesday morning screening of his brother 's "  This Is It " movie for inner-city students in Los Angeles . He said he has stayed away from the Michael Jackson estate legal battle , which pitted his mother 's lawyer against his father 's lawyer earlier this month . "  When there 's a lot of fame and fortune and attorneys , accountants and advisers and managers and agents , it gets like this , " Jermaine Jackson said . "  But at the same time , my mother is the boss and regardless of what the executors want to do at the end of the day , she has the say . " When family matriarch Katherine Jackson dropped her legal challenge of the men named in Michael Jackson 's will to run his estate , family patriarch Joe Jackson 's lawyer was launching his own challenge . This set off a bitter courtroom battle between the lawyers for the Jackson parents . "  She has now reneged on her obligation to her family , " Joe Jackson 's lawyer , Brian Oxman , told the judge . He said Katherine Jackson 's reversal was "  one of the most despicable displays " he 's ever seen in court . Oxman accused her of reaching a secret deal -- behind Joe Jackson 's back -- with the men who control their son 's estate . Jermaine Jackson said despite what you may read , the Jackson family will "  pull together . " "  There 's strength in numbers , and when there 's a family like ours , we pull together , " he said . "  We find strength within each other . " Katherine Jackson does not celebrate holidays because of her religion -- she a Jehovah 's Witness -- but the Jackson brothers , sisters , and their children do traditionally gather for one day Thanksgiving week , he said . Tuesday is the day , he said . "  And it 's really tough because Michael 's no longer with us , but he 'll always be with us in spirit , but you just continue to move on , " he said . Michael Jackson 's three children -- Prince , 12 , Paris , 11 , and Blanket , 7 -- are "  doing great " and are "  best friends " with his children , Jermaine Jackson said . "  They 're doing well , " he said . "  They 're getting their lessons done . They have wonderful tutors and programs , they 're getting a chance to go out and do things . They 're getting a chance to travel . " An A&E network reality TV series that focuses on the lives of four of the Jackson brothers -- Jackie , Jermaine , Tito and Marlon -- debuts next month . Filming of "  The Jacksons : A Family Dynasty " -- in the works before Michael Jackson 's June 25 death -- is about to wrap , he said . He said his main job now is to promote his brother 's legacy . Jermaine Jackson walked down the red carpet with dozens of students before the "  This Is It " screening . Michael Jackson 's vocal coach and several musicians featured in show also were there . Los Angeles artist David Ilan , who is creating a Michael Jackson tribute portrait with 1 million hand-drawn dots , added a dot on his artwork for each of them . The technique , "  pointillism , " allows Jackson fans worldwide to sign up online to have a dot added in their name . The charity project 's Web site is www.MichaelJacksonTributePortrait.com .	Michael Jackson 's siblings , their children gather for early Thanksgiving dinner Jermaine Jackson : Family will "  pull together " despite fight over brother 's estate Jermaine Jackson attends screening of "  This Is It " movie for students in Los Angeles Reality TV series featuring lives of four of the Jackson brothers debuts next month
China 's first lunar rover deployed successfully from the unmanned spacecraft Chang ` e-3 that landed on the moon Saturday . Jade Rabbit  called Yutu in Chinese  is a six-wheeled lunar rover equipped with at least four cameras and two mechanical legs that can dig up soil samples to a depth of 30 meters . The solar-powered rover will patrol the moon 's surface , studying the structure of the lunar crust as well as soil and rocks , for at least three months . The robot 's name was decided by a public online poll and comes from a Chinese myth about the pet white rabbit of a goddess , Chang ` e , who is said to live on the moon . Weighing 140 kilograms , the slow-moving rover carries an optical telescope for astronomical observations and a powerful ultraviolet camera that will monitor how solar activity affects the various layers -- troposphere , stratosphere and ionosphere -- that make up the Earth 's atmosphere , China 's information technology ministry said in a statement . The Jade Rabbit is also equipped with radioisotope heater units , allowing it to function during the cold lunar nights when temperatures plunge as low as -180 °C  -292 °F  . The moon exploration makes China one of only three nations -- after the United States and the former Soviet Union -- to "  soft-land " on the moon 's surface , and the first to do so in more than three decades . China 's space program China has rapidly built up its space program since it first sent an astronaut into space in 2003 . In 2012 , the country conducted 18 space launches , according to the Pentagon . The Chang ` e-3 mission constitutes the second phase of China 's moon exploration program , which includes orbiting , landing and returning to Earth . In 2010 , China captured images of the landing site for the 2013 probe , the Bay of Rainbows , which is considered to be one of the most picturesque parts of the moon . Tourist trips to the moon by 2043 ? Within the next decade , China expects to open a permanent space station in the Earth 's orbit . But scientists in the United States have expressed concern that the Chang ` e-3 mission could skew the results of a NASA study of the moon 's dust environment . The spacecraft 's descent is likely to create a noticeable plume on the moon 's surface that could interfere with research already being carried out by NASA 's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer  LADEE  , Jeff Plescia , chair of NASA 's Lunar Exploration Analysis Group told news site Space.com in November . The Chang ` e-3 spacecraft blasted off from a Long March 3B rocket in China 's Sichuan province on December 2 and reached the moon 's orbit at 100 kilometers  about 60 miles  from its surface less than five days later . On Tuesday , it descended into an elliptical orbit with its lowest point just 15 kilometers off the lunar surface , a spokesperson for China 's Administration of Science , Technology and Industry for National Defense told Xinhua . The Soviet Union 's Luna 24 probe was the last space mission to land on the moon in August 1976 -- four years after the United States launched the manned Apollo 17 mission . Iran claims second launch of monkey into space and back	China 's unmanned space craft successfully released a moon rover Three nations now have soft-landed on moon 's surface The Jade Rabbit rover will study lunar surface China has rapidly built up its space program
CNN  -- Hurricane Rick weakened to a Category 3 storm early Monday as it churned toward Mexico 's Pacific coast , forecasters said . Workers fill sand bags at the Pueblo Bonito Rose Hotel on Mexico 's Baja Peninsula early Monday . Rick , still a powerful storm , was expected to weaken further before landfall by midweek . Maximum sustained winds dropped to near 115 mph  185 kph  , the National Hurricane Center in Miami , Florida , said in a 11 a.m. ET advisory . "  Although additional weakening is forecast during the next day or so , Rick is still expected to be a dangerous hurricane as it approaches the southern Baja Peninsula , " forecasters said . "  Interests in western Mexico , should monitor the progress of this hurricane . " Mexican officials issued a hurricane watch for southern Baja , California , according to the National Hurricane Center . Forecasters said Rick would cause "  potentially dangerous surf conditions . " Hurricane Rick was downgraded to a Category 4 storm Sunday evening .	NEW : Rick 's sustained winds decrease to 115 mph Hurricane watch issued for southern Baja Peninsula Rick expected to weaken further before landfall by midweek
PEOPLE.com  -- Michael Bublé is gearing up for his second wedding -- to the woman who 's already his wife . Slightly more than a month after his March 31 wedding to Argentine actress Luisana Loreley Lopilato de la Torre , the Canadian crooner is going for double the fun in a sequel ceremony this weekend in his home country -- with 500 of their closest friends and family , no less . "  We 're both nervous , but we 're excited , " Bublé , 35 , tells "  Entertainment Tonight Canada . " "  It 's just another excuse to celebrate our love , have a few drinks and to dance all night . " RELATED : Michael Bublé 's Romantic Italian Holiday Not that their first wedding was lacking , he says of his Buenos Aires ceremony , which was sealed with a celebration in a mansion outside the Argentine capital . "  It was a great night -- really , a beautiful night , " Bublé says . "  Her family is so special and my family is so special that when they came together , we danced 'til 7 a.m. " He adds that his wife , who sparkled in a violet dress and silver high heels , "  looked so gorgeous and , ah , we were just saying before the cameras turned on that everyone says , ` Marriage -- nothing changes . Oh , it 's just a piece of paper . ' But I love her more . It 's obviously more serious , and you make some promises that are more important to keep . " But the newlywed was n't just gushing about Lopilato , 23 . Fresh off their three week-long honeymoon , he quips , it was time for another vacation -- from each other . "  If I look like I 'm content , it 's because she 's been in Argentina for a week and I 've been -LSB- in Canada -RSB- , " he says , with a laugh . "  We love each other so much , we totally need a break . ... By the end -LSB- of the honeymoon -RSB- , you want to kill each other . " All kidding aside , "  I 'm happy , " he says . "  I think she feels the same way , too . " See full article at PEOPLE.com .	Bublé married Argentine actress Luisana Loreley Lopilato de la Torre on March 31 They 're having another ceremony in Canada with 500 guests He and Lopilato , 23 , had a three week-long honeymoon
CNN  -- In a nationally televised address Monday , Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner expressed her sorrow for the loss of her husband , former President Nestor Kirchner , and gave thanks for the outpouring of support that followed . Tearful at times , Fernandez said that each day she continues to govern , but that her life has been changed . Nestor Kirchner , who was president from 2003 to 2007 , died last week from an apparent heart attack . "  I 've heard that this is the most difficult time . In reality , it 's not , " Fernandez said . "  It 's my most painful moment . And pain is something different than difficulties or adversity . " In her political and personal life she has faced adversity , but it does n't compare with the pain she feels , she said . "  It 's the biggest pain I have had in my life , " Fernandez said . She described Nestor Kirchner as her companion for 35 years in life as well as in the ideals they shared . The president thanked the thousands of people who paid their respects by wanting to see him or praying for him , she said . People gave rosary beads , flowers and soccer jerseys that she will keep , she added . "  I want to thank that immense and formidable display of affection and love , which he deserved , " she said . Among youths who sang and marched in memory of Nestor Kirchner , Fernandez said she saw the her husband 's face reflected in theirs . In addition to the great responsibility she feels for governing Argentina , Fernandez said that she now feels compelled "  to honor his memory and honor his government , which transformed and changed this country . "	Former President Nestor Kirchner died last week His wife and current President Cristina Fernandez addressed the nation She said it is the most pain she has ever felt Fernandez thanked the outpouring of support from Argentinians
CNN  -- A chorus of "  oohs , " "  ahs " and "  I want ones " sounded from Taiwan Monday as the first giant panda to be born on the island , the six-month-old cub Yuan Zai , was unveiled to the public at Taipei Zoo . Conceived via artificial insemination , the bear was delivered on July 7 last year . Around 10,000 people lined up to see Yuan Zai Monday , the zoo said , some arriving hours before opening time . Hundreds watched Yuan Zai 's first appearance as she showed off her climbing skills on logs and trees , before crawling off to nap with her mother . Visitors are to be capped at just under 20,000 people a day . Panda fever The birth of Yuan Zai , which means both "  child of Yuan Yuan " and "  rice ball , " sparked panda fever on Taiwan . The bear already has her own YouTube channel , documenting her cutest moments . Yuan Zai is expected to generate NT$ 500 million  $ 16.6 million  through commercial opportunities within the next six months , the Taipei City government said . The cub 's mother , Yuan Yuan , and her mate , Tuan Tuan , were given to Taiwan by China in 2008 . Their names combined mean "  reunion " in Chinese .	First giant panda born on Taiwan unveiled to public at six months old 10,000 visitors queue to catch glimpse of baby bear Yuan Zai Panda species , endemic to Sichuan province , is endangered in wild
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Apple 's share price has fallen more than 25 % since its record high set three months ago -- no less than five analysts have lowered their price targets for the U.S. technology giant in the past few days . To make matters worse for Apple , Android smartphones continue to reign supreme in global market share : for every one such device running on Apple 's iOS , about seven smartphones running Android 's operating system are computing away . Is Apple losing its bite ? In the short-term , investors and analysts seem to think so . But in the medium-term , they believe milestones exist that can put the shine back on Apple 's share price and image . Apples do fall On September 19 , Apple 's share price closed at a historic high of $ 702.10 , exactly one week after the debut of the iPhone 5 . But as the freshness of the device 's latest iteration wore off , so did the bullishness for Apple 's stock . On December 17 , it fell below the psychological $ 500-mark , to slide below $ 497 in pre-market trading . The company 's share price quickly climbed above that threshold that day but still sits at lows not seen since mid-February . The dive in Apple 's share price has also been attributed to a cut in orders from its parts suppliers . One fear is that Apple may have produced too many iPhone 5s in the current quarter and it may now need to scale back manufacturing in 2013 . Analysts from UBS , Citibank , Mizuho , Canaccord and Pacific Crest all cut their price targets on Apple leading to a further drop in the Cupertino-based company 's share price . Another fear is that the iPhone 5 has not been selling as well as previous versions ; however that has now been debunked . A record 19 million iPhone 5 units are estimated to have been sold in the U.S. in the fourth quarter of 2012 , according to a survey by Morgan Stanley , which would represent a 33 % year-on-year increase . Apple also sold more than two million iPhone 5 units in China when it debuted this past weekend . "  Customer response to iPhone 5 in China has been incredible , setting a new record with the best first weekend sales ever in China , " said Tim Cook , Apple 's CEO , in a press release . "  The Company remains on track to launch in 100 countries by the end of the year . In our view , this is a positive , " said RBC 's Amit Daryanani . Comparing Apples To Androids But for all the hope and the hype that surrounds Apple , Android smartphones reign supreme in terms of market share by operating system . Investment research firm Morningstar says Apple has much work to do in 2013 . "  Although Apple has a robust product pipeline and ample opportunity to gain share in its various end markets , short product life cycles and intense competition will prevent the firm from resting on its laurels , " it wrote in a statement . Globally , less than two in ten smartphones that shipped in the third quarter of 2012 sported Apple 's iOS operating software . But in that same period , Google 's Android platform ran 75 % of smartphones around the world . This also represented a 91.5 % increase over the same quarter in 2011 , according to International Data Corporation . Apple 's iOS claimed just under a 15 % market share in the same period . Apple 's next crop Despite the recent release of the iPhone 5 , analysts are already looking ahead to Apple 's potential product releases for 2013 to pull the company 's share price up . "  For Apple we believe the sell-off is nearing a bottom but we acknowledge the fears around margins , maps , emerging markets , competition and execution . The company clearly needs to ease these concerns in the near future , " said Barclays ' Ben Reitzes . "  It may take another round of new products and innovations to regain investor confidence and help drive another run . " One analyst from Jefferies predicts an iPhone 5S may ship in the summer of 2013 and that iPhone 6 prototypes already exist . Speculation is also growing that Apple may debut an Apple television set , a so-called iTV , by the fall of 2013 . In a recent Morgan Stanley survey , 47 % of 1,568 respondents said they were "  somewhat interested " or "  extremely interested " in buying an Apple-branded TV set which could translate into 56 million units being sold in the U.S. alone . The report added a potential iTV rollout represents a new $ 13 billion opportunity for the world 's most valuable company .	Apple 's share price has fallen 25 % since record high of $ 702.10 set three months ago UBS , Citibank & Mizuho analysts all cut share price targets for Apple in past few days Morgan Stanley : Record 19 million iPhone 5 's forecast to have been sold in Q4 2012 iPhone 5S , 6 & rumored "  iTV ' may pull up Apple 's share price in 2013 , say analysts
CNN  -- Bangladesh cricket chiefs have postponed Pakistan 's seven-match tour of the country scheduled to start next week , following government advice . Bangladeshi Rifles soldiers report back to base following the mutiny that left more than 70 dead . The decision , announced on the Bangladesh Cricket Board 's  BCB  Web site , comes two days after a terrorist attack on the Sri Lankan Test team in Pakistan city Lahore killed eight people and left as many injured . BCB 's succinct statement on Thursday read : "  The Bangladesh Cricket Board  BCB  has postponed Pakistan 's Tour of Bangladesh 2009 as advised by the Government authorities . " Pakistan were scheduled to play two Twenty20 internationals and five one-day internationals in Bangladesh , starting with a Twenty20 match in Dhaka on March 10 . Officials of the Pakistan Cricket Board announced a 16-man squad for the tournament on Wednesday , but had also asked for government permission for the team to travel to Bangladesh . Bangladesh are also facing political turmoil following the mutiny of border security forces group Bangladesh Rifles in the capital that left more than 70 dead . Officials of the BCB had joined the worlwide cricket community in strongly condemning the attack on Sri Lanka 's squad . They said : "  The BCB is deeply concerned at this unprecedented attack on cricket which is a symbol of hope and aspiration for millions in the Sub-continent and around the world . "  We are saddened by the unfortunate events and express solidarity with the players , match officials and victims of the attack . "  The BCB has been in touch with Sri Lanka Cricket , Pakistan Cricket Board and the International Cricket Council and has voiced its alarm at the incident . " Pakistan board chairman Ijaz Butt has urged International Cricket Council hierarchy to wait at least 12 months before considering whether or not to move 2011 World Cup games away from his country . "  It would be too unjust to doubt Pakistan 's ability to host the 2011 World Cup in the wake of terrorists attack on the Sri Lankan team , " PA Sport quoted Butt as saying . "  I have taken up the matter with the ICC and would also request the international cricket community not to make hasty decisions and wait for a year at least to judge Pakistan 's credentials as a host of international matches . "  What happened on Tuesday came as shock to the PCB and the whole nation . We would do all we can to save the future by making the international cricketing community realise Pakistan 's eagerness to host international cricketing events . " Pakistan are scheduled to co-host the World Cup along with India , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh .	Bangladesh postpone Pakistan 's cricket tour scheduled to start next week Decision comes on government advice and follows terrorist attack in Lahore Sri Lanka 's Test squad were ambused on way to Test match earlier in week
CNN  -- If you often order a bloody Mary or tomato juice on a plane , yet rarely order them elsewhere , science may have just explained your bizarre in-flight urge . A bloody Mary could be one of the few drinks that actually tastes as it 's supposed to in the air , according to the authors of a paper in the online journal Flavour , entitled "  Airplane noise and the taste of umami . " Previous studies have shown that loud noises , such as an aircraft engine , can reduce our ability to taste flavors by up to 30 % . "  Umami , however , is immune to this effect , " authors Charles Spence , Charles Michel and Barry Smith write . "  There is even some evidence to suggest that it ... may actually boost some of the other basic tastes . " Umami has been called "  the fifth taste , " after salty , bitter , sweet and sour , and has been likened to a "  savory " flavor . Umami effect Spence et al suggest this might explain the popularity of tomato-based drinks on flights . "  A key feature of tomatoes is that they are rich in umami ... perhaps all those travelers who order a bloody Mary after the seatbelt sign has been turned off have figured out intuitively what scientists are only now slowly coming to recognize empirically . " They also say this could help chefs and diners plan their meals . "  One might also want to recommend an umami-rich menu -- that is , foods such as Parmesan cheese , tomatoes , and mushrooms -- to all those vocal restaurant critics out there , especially it seems in North America , who have been complaining that the background noise in many restaurants is simply too loud nowadays . " But do n't forsake water for bloody Mary marathons just yet . The authors say more work is required to confirm their hypothesis .	Aircraft engine noises have been shown to impair taste reception by up to 30 % However umami , the so-called "  fifth taste , " may be immune to this effect Umami-rich foods such as tomatoes , Parmesan cheese , mushrooms , good options for fliers
Macon , Georgia  CNN  -- Bettye Webb-Hayes wo n't ever forget the day her son posed a question that stopped her in her tracks . "  Mom , " the fourth-grader asked , "  am I white ? " It was a question she had never asked her own parents . It was something you did n't talk about in the days of the segregated South -- especially when your mom was white and your father was a mix of African-American and Native American . She went to the black schools of Macon , Georgia . Now , her son was asking probing questions . "  Why would you ask me that ? " she said . "  Because everybody at school calls me a honky , " said the young Cordell , a light-skinned African-American . Twenty-seven years have passed since that conversation . Bettye and her son recently traveled back to Macon to face something that 's been omnipresent their whole lives : the coming together of white and black . They returned for a one-of-a-kind 50th high school gathering . The classes of 1959 , once segregated by race as well as gender , sat down together for the first time in history . Ruby Dean Dupree Mayes arrived two hours early for the festivities . She did n't sleep the night before . "  It 's like waiting for Santa Claus to arrive . I 'm so excited , " said Mayes , who drove more than 330 miles from Tennessee to attend . Mayes went to Ballard-Hudson High , the city 's black high school , whose most famous students include singers Otis Redding and Little Richard . She came this day "  to celebrate and commemorate . " "  I could not pass this event up , " she said . "  I never dreamed of this moment -- just the realization of knowing that we had come together , at last . " As the 1959 graduates arrived , they welcomed one another . Many first greeted people of their own race . Some had n't seen particular classmates in the 50 years since they earned their diplomas . Gradually , they began mixing and mingling . There was a commonality -- a need to come together for their children , their grandchildren and the generations to follow . Discuss the past , while moving forward in the present . Separated now by ` personal choice ' It sometimes takes a son to see things in a new light . The idea for the meeting began four years ago , when a son told his father : "  Dad , think about how many friends you missed getting to know . " Those were the words of Wyatt Johnson , a public school teacher in Santa Cruz , California . He and his father , Tom Johnson , were enjoying a father-son trip to Macon in 2005 to rediscover their roots . Tom Johnson is the former head of CNN and was once the publisher of the Los Angeles Times . He 's traveled the world and left his own mark along the way . Yet despite all his accomplishments , there was something he 'd never done : reach out to the African-Americans of Macon from 1959 , the ones he never knew because of segregation . An idea was born . He wrote to graduates of the black school , Ballard-Hudson ; the white girls ' school , Miller ; and the white boys ' school , Lanier . "  We all have deep personal memories of our high school experiences that will remain with us forever , " he wrote . "  We had lived in a separate black and white world in Macon . ... It is a different world today . We no longer are separated , except by personal choice . " One white graduate responded with hate mail , a reminder that racism still exists . But on a day in early October , more than 200 people gathered at a Goodwill banquet hall . There was no shouting , none of the in-your-face name-calling seen in recent health care town hall meetings across the country . Here , there were tears , hugs and handshakes . Often , talk of grandkids took center stage at the 16 roundtables . They talked about race and the segregated past that prevented such closeness a half-century ago . "  You 'd think we 'd have grown up together , " said Alice Bailey , a Ballard-Hudson grad . "  We still have a gift , and that 's a gift of time , " Johnson said . "  Blacks and whites together , we can do something to make the world better . " They took out notepads . They scribbled ways to take action . They began making a to-do list of 59 things for the Classes of 1959 . Their goals range from building a home for Habitat to Humanity to writing letters to service men and women from Macon serving in war . They 'd love to persuade the one who sent the hate mail to attend the next gathering . They also want to set an example for the elders of other Southern cities . "  I 'm glad we 've left the past behind , " said Michael Cass , the 1959 class president of Lanier . The daughter of one those in attendance stood and took the microphone . "  Today , you have inspired me so much , " she said . Many in the crowd reached for tissues . Linda Carstarphen Gugin said her whole life had been leading to this moment . "  It was the most amazing thing , " she said . "  It was just like almost immediate bonding between people . " As the class president of Miller , she 'd carried guilt for the last 50 years for not speaking out against segregation . "  I have tears about this , " she said , crying . For Bettye Webb-Hayes and her son , the gathering underscored why the question "  Mom , am I white " could be asked in one era and not another . Listening to his mother and her childhood friends , Cordell said , he was struck by how segregation was "  was so transparent to them at the time they were living through it . It was a way of life , so they did n't acknowledge its existence . " "  I find it interesting how human nature teaches you to accept things that are -- and some people question the reality , and other people do n't . " His mother did test the reality of segregation on one occasion . Bettye and her sister went into a Woolworth 's department store in Macon . They sat at a counter for food . The white waitress looked at them skeptically . She could n't tell whether they were white or black . She grabbed a black cook for his input . "  Those are the Webb girls , " he said . The two were kicked out . Webb-Hayes giggles about the story . She 's proud she tried to break the rules . "  I think she really would 've served us if she thought she could have gotten away with it . " Watch Bettye tell story of her dad and ` stupid ' Elvis It was in 1963 when Webb-Hayes realized just how wrong the segregated South was . She marched in Washington , D.C. , with Martin Luther King Jr. that year . "  It was almost like you were listening to God speak in person . " Years later , Bettye -- the girl who was sent away from the Woolworth 's counter -- would eat Thanksgiving dinner with President Jimmy Carter . Webb-Hayes was the music teacher for Amy Carter , the president 's daughter . Her motto throughout life : "  Just do the very best you can . " She calls the gathering of the segregated schools "  unbelievable . " If it 's the last trip of her life , Webb-Hayes , 68 , feels her life 's journey is now complete . "  I was glad to meet new friends today . " A special thanks to Bright Blue Sky Productions for its help on this report .	Students from former segregated schools of 1959 unite in Macon , Georgia "  I never dreamed of this moment , " says Ruby Dean Dupree Mayes Michael Cass : "  I 'm glad we 've left the past behind " The group hopes to set example for elders of other Southern cities
CNN  -- Ben Cahan wishes he had n't damaged his old snapshot of a person in a prosthetic alien suit sitting with his Macintosh . Luckily , he still has a late-1980s picture of actor Kurt Russell with his boxy Mac desktop . Ben Cahan worked with Hollywood films and spotted Kurt Russell sitting with his Mac in the 1980s . Rubbing elbows with big-name celebrities was not unusual for Cahan , who is a software developer . He used his Mac to create Hollywood screenwriting software that formed the basis for programs still in use today . Cahan never expected his old computers to become museum pieces , and he did n't think much about saving funny photos of them at the time . He almost wants to kick himself when he thinks about the lost photo of extraterrestrial attire . "  Who would have thought that would be an interesting picture ? " he mused . But as the Macintosh computer celebrates its 25th birthday Saturday , Cahan and other iReporters are seeking to preserve memories and the history of what they consider to be simple , classic and timeless designs . At the same time , they ponder the purpose of preserving such a short legacy . Gil Poulsen of Franklin Park , New Jersey , says he can understand confusion from people who see the meticulously curated collection in his basement . iReport.com : Go behind the museum 's velvet rope "  Computers almost become like antiques or dinosaurs very quickly . It does seem like a contradiction in terms to have a computer as a museum piece . " Watch Poulsen talk about his museum " Poulsen keeps an elaborate stash of vintage Macs , portable devices , accessories and artwork . Two of his favorite pieces are a special vertical flat-screen unit made for Apple 's 20th anniversary and a chassis cover designed to deflect radiation . Small placards explain the details of each item in the collection , and a velvet rope gives the space a real museum feel . He remembers the days when the computers ran exclusively on floppy disks , necessitating frequent disk switching whenever the onboard memory filled up . As storage innovations cropped up , users sought to purchase additional floppy drives and , later , units with hard drives . His collection chronicles many of these changes . Upstairs , he keeps a couple "  Macquariums " on display . Among Mac enthusiasts , a popular form of artwork is the conversion of an old Mac case into a shell for a fish tank . The resulting aquarium setup mimics a popular screen saver on the units that featured swimming fish . iReport.com : See iReporter Bob Mushchitz 's Macquarium Building inspectors and plumbers who visit are sometimes taken aback at the little computer museum . "  I often get very strange reactions from contractors visiting the house because they do n't quite know what to make of it when they see it , " Poulsen said . Blake Patterson of Alexandria , Virginia , can certainly relate . His family is in awe of the computer room downstairs , which he calls the "  Byte Cellar . " He maintains a blog by the same name that chronicles his experiences with vintage computing . iReport.com : Get a peek inside the Byte Cellar "  My wife is quite amazed and sort of frightened by that . She stays out of the computer room . It 's a little bit scary . " He purchased an original 128K Macintosh in 1985 and has owned several more machines . Much of his collection was built in the past eight years or so . Patterson , who operates Web sites , currently uses a three-screened Mac Pro for high-end tasks . See both old and new photos of vintage Macs " The legacy of the Mac , now 25 years old , is one of innovation , he says . "  It was quite a notable achievement 25 years ago when the Mac first came out . It was a big , new thing . People were a little bit baffled by the innovations . " Classic Macs were some of the first commercially successful home computers to incorporate a graphical user interface , mouse and streamlined chassis . This new form of design allowed flexibility for manipulating graphics and page layouts onscreen . Mike Tuohy of Seattle , Washington , acknowledges that artists and the Mac seem especially well-suited for one another . In fact , he likes to do much of his art on Mac cases themselves . "  There are certainly out-of-the-box kind of approaches that appeal to me , " he said . "  That technology appeals to the more artistic side of the population . " Over the years , he has amassed several old Macintosh units . Some are complete with signatures from Apple developers molded onto the inside of the chassis . He likes to paint the outside of the computers to create artistic interpretations . iReport.com : See the painted Macintosh cases One piece spins the concept of a "  vintage computer " on its head with a wood paneling design . Another almost exudes a glow of primary colors . "  I do n't want to create a lot of canvas work that I have to drag across the country , " Tuohy said of his preference for art created on -- and with -- computers . Cahan , the software developer , says he relishes the heyday of the early Macintosh computer lines . He could see the appeal for artistic types like himself . "  I loved Macs in the '80s and '90s , " Cahan said . "  The entertainment industry was one of the big movers for the Mac back in those days . " But after all these years , he has opened up to using Windows-based PCs . He points out that perhaps the greatest legacy of the Macintosh 's innovation may be the many permutations and inspirations that later occurred . iReport.com : Read about Cahan 's encounter with Kurt Russell "  All the innovation is on the Mac , " he said . "  But that 's what competition is all about . You think the PC people are supposed to sit around and lose their market share ? It 's just plain old business . " Looking back , Cahan is n't sure he would have been as successful with computers today as he had been back then when things were simpler . Software development manuals have bloated to upwards of 3 feet thick . "  It costs a million bucks to make stuff nowadays , " he said . "  Back then , I could do it in my bedroom . "	iReport.com : Outpouring of photos , stories ahead of Macintosh 's 25th birthday Software developer Ben Cahan photographed Kurt Russell with his old Mac Gil Poulsen 's basement computer museum includes placards , velvet rope Mike Tuohy paints his old Mac cases to look like wood and primary colors
The top Republican leading the charge against Obamacare is now signed up for it and will take thousands of dollars in government support to help with its costs , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner confirmed to CNN . Boehner 's premiums for his new plan under the Affordable Care Act will nearly double from his current monthly payments , even with the federal contribution . All of this was set in motion last week when the Speaker enrolled for coverage on the D.C. exchange established under the health reforms championed by President Barack Obama but opposed by Republicans on Capitol Hill . Boehner said the experience was "  pretty frustrating " and his office sent pictures of him trying to log onto the website , the rocky rollout of which has been a rallying point for renewed Republican criticism of the law as unworkable . Once he got through the system , Boehner 's office said he chose an individual plan that was similar to the Blue Cross Blue Shield one he has now as part of the federal employees health package . If members of Congress want health coverage facilitated by the government acting as their employer , they now must sign up with Obamacare . Boehner saw an eye-popping jump in cost as he moved from a plan set up for millions of federal workers to the D.C. exchange , which is designed for small businesses and individuals . The current cost for Boehner and his wife ? They "  pay a monthly premium of $ 433 , " said Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck . The new plan for the two of them ? It "  would cost $ 802 per month in premiums , " Buck said . That is an 85 % leap . But , Boehner 's wife is about to go on Medicare , so he will get an individual plan . That cost ? $ 449 a month . Boehner 's office notes he will now be paying more for one person in the Obamacare exchange than he was for two people in the federal employees plan . Deductibles for the Boehners will jump from $ 700 to about $ 2,000 . Why did Boehner 's premium go up so much ? One reason , his age . Obamacare sign-up concerns congressional staff Under the Affordable Care Act , health insurers can no longer set different prices based on health . The law instead gives just a few variables they can consider . At the top of that list is age . Many congressional staffers were shocked to see how much more a 60-year-old staffer would pay for the same plan than a 26-year-old colleague . "  The monthly formula for older workers is a serious , serious hit , " one congressional employee said at the time . "  In addition to what I 'm paying now , it will be another $ 300 to $ 400 a month . " Boehner , who turned 64 last week , is at the upper end of the age spectrum for Obamacare . At 65 , members can sign up for Medicare . Many may point out that he is also a smoker , a condition for which insurers could charge more under the law . But , Boehner may be in luck . The D.C. exchange has ruled smoking should be considered a pre-existing condition and insurers in that market can not increase premiums because of it . But the biggest help for the Speaker is a contribution offered to federal workers on the D.C. exchange to help with premiums . Private employers pick up some of the cost for their employees as well . Boehner 's office confirms he will accept the contribution , despite his public push against such assistance for plans covering members of Congress . He will receive $ 5,113 in federal premium support over the next year . When asked why his boss is accepting the contribution now , Boehner spokesman Michael Steel told CNN that "  Washington Democrats chose not to make that change . " CNN pointed out that several other members of Congress chose to return their premium support to the Treasury . Boehner 's office did not respond further when asked whether he considered that option . WH : Obamacare website ` on track ' to meet Nov. 30 goal White House pushes back on Obamacare reports CNN Analysis : No Obamacare subsidy for some Obamacare site 's Anonymous Shopper shelved GOP Obamacare playbook : Spread negative perception	House Speaker John Boehner enrolled online in the D.C. Obamacare exchange last week The experience was "  pretty frustrating , " the top House Republican said Boehner 's premiums under Obamacare will nearly double from his current plan But he gets some help from the government in covering his new costs
Kuwait City  CNN  -- Protesters in Kuwait clashed with security forces on Saturday , the second straight day of unrest in the tiny Persian Gulf nation . The demonstration occurred in Sulaibiya , just north of Kuwait City , witnesses and a government official said on Saturday . Hundreds of protesters calling for greater rights for longtime residents who are not citizens of the country demanded the release of people arrested in demonstrations Friday . A spokesman for the Interior Ministry , Col. Adil Al-Hashash , told CNN that the security forces called on protesters to stop demonstrating and to take their grievances through legal channels . The protesters attacked the security forces , who managed to disperse the people and make arrests , he said . The forces used tear gas on the demonstration involving between 200 and 400 protesters . On Friday , more than a thousand protesters clashed with security forces in Al-Jahra province , north of Kuwait City . The crowd -- initially 300 people before quickly growing -- was attacked with water cannons . A government spokesman later claimed that the security forces were trying to protect themselves after the protesters started hurling rocks . Kuwait has been wrestling with the question of rights for noncitizen residents for decades . The U.S. ally , which borders Iraq and Saudi Arabia , is believed to have roughly 100,000 residents who are not citizens . Journalist Saad Al-Enzi contributed to this report .	Protests are led by longtime residents who are n't citizens Security forces used tear gas on protesters The Persian Gulf country is a U.S. ally
CNN  -- Speak to an agent . After "  can you hear me now ? " is there a more frustrating phrase we have to yell into our cells over and over again than that ? It 's so bad that I find myself adding words like "  please " and sometimes "  dammit " even though I know it 's only going to confuse the automated service more but I ca n't help it because the process is slowly driving me insane . It 's either that or I start pushing the pound key as soon as I hear a robotic voice on the other end , which of course does n't work either because companies have figured out that we have figured out the shortcut . Consequently the companies have either eliminated the pound key option or force you to listen to the entire message because it 's only at the end do you hear "  or push 4 to speak to an agent . " Four . Why is four the new pound key and what in the hell happened to zero ? And why do we need to punch in our account number before we speak to an agent if the agent is only going to ask for our account number when he or she finally gets on the phone anyway ? It just seems like busy work and obviously we 're busy enough . That 's why we forgot to send a check to the cable company and now we have to call to pay the bill in first place . OK , maybe that last part is just me . But what is n't "  just me " is the irritation that comes from knowing these cable providers , banks , doctor offices and such have all taken what has traditionally been a fairly painless process and injected all of this stress into it because automated service seems easier on the bottom line than customer service . I get it . Siri and her girls may not get the caller 's request right the first dozen times , but they do n't require overtime , health insurance or raises . I guess it was n't enough that outsourcing funneled our calls out of the country and into offices in countries where the people on the other end of the phone only knew the English on the script in front of them . Now , not only do the people answering the phone not know English , they 're not even people . They 're software . Correction : It 's software . In fact you can buy groceries , pay for tolls , get tickets to movies and such and go for days dealing only with "  it " and never "  they " or "  them " or "  him " or "  her . " It would appear our growing usage and dependence on technology has not only made us lazier but so much more impersonal . My 15-year-old son actually tried to text me while in the next room of our house one night . I stormed right over and said , "  Young man you will tell me I am ruining your life to my face " ... or something like that . The world has gotten so crazy that some companies are now promoting the fact that you can call their customer service department and an agent will answer the phone . What used to be a given is now considered an innovative promotion that I 'm sure we 're paying for with some hidden charge dubbed a "  processing fee " or something like that . I remember seeing a recent CNN news segment in which a pastor encourages people to tweet while in his church . Imagine : the message from an infinite God filed down to 140 characters or less , which I guess is just as good as long as you have enough bars on your phone . And you do n't have to speak to an agent before the church service starts because you forgot to pay your bill  again , that last part may just be me  . Technology is great most of the time but not all of the time . While living in an automated world can certainly expedite a lot in our lives , it can also cause us to fly by some of the smaller things we do n't notice until they 're gone . Like arcades , telephone booths or the ability to speak to a freaking agent . I swear I never noticed just how important that part of life was until I started yelling that sentence into my cell in public . Now it seems whenever I dial a phone that 's all I want to do : Speak to an agent , pay my bills , go back to not having to be bothered with ... people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Technology is great , but it 's making it harder than ever to get to a real person Automated phone systems do n't have to be paid or given time off and benefits , he says He asks : Why do we have to punch in our account number , then be asked for it by an agent ? LZ : Some companies now promote fact that you can call and reach an actual person
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Los Angeles firefighters and city crews worked for several hours Tuesday to rescue one of their own : a 22-ton firetruck that was nearly swallowed by a water-logged sinkhole . Two firefighters crawled out of the truck 's windows after it sank Tuesday morning . No one was injured . The incident happened after four firefighters took the truck to the San Fernando Valley neighborhood of Valley Village , where flooding had been reported after a water main break , just before 6 a.m. PT . After seeing running water in the road , a fire captain instructed the rig 's driver to back up and had two firefighters get out of the truck to direct it . That 's when the ground gave way and the front of the truck began quickly sinking . The driver and captain crawled out of the truck 's windows to escape . The four firefighters were not injured . Workers had to simultaneously pull and lift the truck to get it out of the sinkhole . Watch workers pull truck from sinkhole CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	Los Angeles firetruck nearly swallowed by sinkhole Tuesday morning Firefighters in truck were responding to flooding call when incident happened Two firefighters escaped truck through windows ; no injuries reported
EW.com  -- TV 's original American horror story is taking another step toward returning to primetime : NBC has ordered a pilot of Bryan Fuller 's remake of the classic TV show "  The Munsters . " The new version of the half-hour sitcom is bring re-imagined by the "  Pushing Daises " creator as an hour-long series exploring how the monster house came about , and will have a darker and less campy feel than the black-and-white original . ` Mirror Mirror ' : See new ` Snow White ' trailer "  The Munsters " was launched the same year as the rather similar "  Addams Family , " which goes to show in this season of dueling fairy tale dramas  "  Grimm , " "  Once Upon a Time "  that networks have n't changed all that much . While Addams was based off Charles Addams ' New Yorker cartoons , the "  Munsters " patriarch Herman was basically a play on Frankenstein . There 's a couple other projects that could impact "  The Munsters ' " fate . NBC is also developing a remake of "  Frankenstein " from "  House " producers Garrett Lerner and Russel Friend , while Fuller is working on another monstrous project for NBC -- a series version of Thomas Harris ' "  Hannibal Lecter " novels . Get more EW : Subscribe to the magazine for only 39Â cents an issue ! There 's no reason why NBC could n't opt to make more than one of these titles , but of these three I 'd most like to see the "  Hannibal " series  and bet , as a crime procedural , it would have the best odds for success  . What do you think -- can a cleverly done monster family show work in 2012 ? See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC has ordered a pilot of Bryan Fuller 's remake of the classic TV show "  The Munsters " The new version of the sitcom is bring re-imagined by the "  Pushing Daises " creator The new show will have a darker and less campy feel than the black-and-white original
CNN  -- The bodies of an American couple killed on the Caribbean island of St. Maarten were released to family members Tuesday as questions about their deaths remain unanswered . A man arrested in connection with the stabbing deaths had been scheduled to appear before a judge Tuesday , but that appearance was pushed to Wednesday , according to the island 's solicitor general , Taco Stein . The proceedings will not be open to the public . Stein gave no reason for why the appearance was rescheduled . Autopsies were performed Monday on the couple , found stabbed to death in their St. Maarten home , the solicitor general said . The bodies of Michael and Thelma King of South Carolina were discovered Friday at their oceanfront residence in Cupecoy , in what Stein described as "  an ugly scene . " The suspect was arrested Sunday , and authorities are working to determine whether there was sufficient evidence to keep him in custody . No charges have been filed against anyone so far in the case . "  There are strong indications he is involved in the crime , " Stein said Monday of the suspect , without divulging details . Identifying him only by his initials M.K.J. , the St. Maarten Public Prosecutor 's office described the suspect as a 28-year-old , Jamaican-born man . The prosecutor 's office said the suspect "  heavily resisted his arrest , " engaging in a confrontation that ended with both him and a police officer "  wounded . " After being treated at an area hospital , the man was taken to a police station . "  He has been cooperative to a certain extent , but was reluctant to answer critical questions , " the prosecutor 's office said in a statement . The suspect 's attorney , Brenda Brooks , said she met with her client Monday at a police station in St. Maarten 's capital Philipsburg , where he is being held . He had signs of a "  beating , " according to Brooks . St. Maarten is a self-governing country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands , whose economy is based on the tourism industry . More than 1 million tourists visit the island each year . Stein , who was once solicitor general for Aruba , said authorities "  are not certain of the motive in the case . " "  Some things are missing " from the King 's home , but there were no signs of a break-in , he said . The killings occurred in what is "  generally considered a safe area " that is popular with tourists , according to the solicitor general . "  This is something that does not happen every day , " he said . The suspect and the slain couple did n't appear to know each other , said Stein , noting they "  were not moving in the same circles . " Topper Daboul , a restaurant owner in the area , said he was a friend and business partner of the Kings . "  They were beautiful people , " he said , adding he is "  still in shock . " "  They were kind to everybody . " Zane Jackson offered a similar story and sentiment in an interview with CNN affiliate WIS. . Describing himself as a friend and business partner of the Kings , who helped him open a sports bar in Columbia , South Carolina , Jackson said , "  They 'd have given anything to anybody . " "  It just seems very senseless , " he said . "  They were good people . " CNN 's Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : The suspect , who was due in court Tuesday , will now appear Wednesday NEW : No reason was given for why the appearance was rescheduled The suspect "  heavily resisted " arrest ; he and a police officer were "  wounded " Michael and Thelma King of South Carolina were found dead in their St. Maarten home
VERACRUZ , Mexico  CNN  -- With Hurricane Dean hours away from a second dangerous encounter with Mexico , government officials warned residents of Veracruz and other coastal towns to prepare for its arrival . A resident tries to make his way through a flooded street in Chetumal , Mexico , Tuesday . Not only is the area particularly prone to flooding , a nuclear plant near the city supplies power to much of northern Mexico . While the facility itself is safe , high winds could affect some pylons carrying electricity away from the plant , CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported . Winds were picking up and waves were growing higher as evening fell in Veracruz , he said , even though Dean 's predicted landfall was 12 to 18 hours away . After raking Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula earlier , making landfall as a Category 5 storm -- the most extreme level on the Saffir-Simpson scale of hurricane intensity -- Dean was back to Category 1 as it entered the Bay of Campeche later Tuesday . It was forecast to build back up to Category 2 intensity before its second landfall . At 11 p.m. ET , Dean 's maximum sustained winds remained near 80 mph as the storm moved west-northwest at near 18 mph , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami , Florida . "  On this forecast track , Dean is expected to be very near the coast of central Mexico during the day Wednesday , " according to the center . See the storm 's projected path " Authorities set up temporary shelters around Tuxpan , Mexico , with the capacity to hold thousands , according to Ramon Rodriguez , municipal president of the city . The evacuation of 5,000 people in the urban areas and 4,500 people in the rural areas was under way , he said . Residents of unstable areas were being urged to go to temporary shelters as soon as possible . On the Yucatan , Mexico 's tourist areas dodged a bullet , but President Felipe Calderon expressed concern for some of the peninsula 's poor Mayan communities that may have borne the brunt of the storm . Watch Dean batter Mexico " "  We still have to know what happened in the more isolated communities , " Calderon said , speaking at a summit in Quebec , Canada , with President Bush and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper . The Mexican leader left the summit early , saying he would head to the Yucatan to "  supervise the rescue missions " which will concentrate on the poorer indigenous communities . "  I have a great deal of concern for the housing and the lack of services in that general area for the indigenous people there and that will be the main area of concern for us , " he said . Calderon said the government suspended oil production near the city of Campeche , Mexico 's main oil production center , as Dean passed -- cutting off about 2.5 million barrels of oil per day -- and evacuated nearly 20,000 workers from oil platforms in the area . Downed power lines and damaged buildings were reported in Mexico and northern Belize . But even in the hardest-hit area , Red Cross officials said , no deaths were reported and there was only one minor injury , CNN 's Gary Tuchman said . See CNN correspondents track Dean through Mexico " Streets were flooded in Chetumal , just south of where Dean 's center made landfall around 4:30 a.m.  5:30 a.m. ET  with maximum sustained winds of 165 mph  266 kph  , according to the hurricane center . Power was out in the coastal city , where most of the 130,000 residents appeared to have heeded government warnings to seek shelter or evacuate . But overall , there was no major damage in Chetumal and the sense was that "  this could have been a lot worse , " CNN 's Harris Whitbeck reported . Watch CNN coverage as Dean made landfall The storm 's eye passed just south of the resort areas of Cozumel and Cancun , Mexico , striking a rural and sparsely populated area . Watch as Dean sweeps through Playa del Carmen Some of those Mayan communities Calderon spoke of were evacuated several days ago , Whitbeck said . About 3,500 Mayan Indians fled from a nature preserve where they live . But many other isolated communities must still be checked out . Ancient Mayan ruins in the town of Tulum , south of Cancun , held up well , resident Enrique Perez told CNN . But the town itself was battered . Local officials say about a third of the hotels and beach cabins in Tulum were damaged , Reuters reported . Meanwhile , in Jamaica , residents cleaned up fallen trees and debris Monday as the island nation started to recover from its brush with Dean on Sunday . See I-Reports of what Dean has done across the Caribbean " Dean is being blamed for at least nine deaths in its march across the Caribbean , including two in Jamaica , two in Haiti , two in Martinique , two in Dominica and one in St. Lucia . Mexico 's Yucatan resort region was devastated in 2005 by Wilma , a Category 3 hurricane . But lessons learned from the fierce storm helped the Yucatan area better prepare for Dean , Quintana Roo Tourism Secretary Gabriella Rodriguez told CNN . "  This was a piece of cake compared to Wilma , " she said . The U.S. military 's Southern Command , said it had deployed a 25-person damage assessment team to Belize . Ahead of the storm , the Mexican government deployed 4,000 troops to the area , and a state of emergency was declared in the inland state of Campeche , where residents were bracing for as much as 20 inches of rain in some places . Forecasters do not believe Dean presents a threat to the United States , although officials in Texas continued to make storm preparations just in case Dean 's path takes an unexpected turn . A hurricane warning remains in effect along Mexico 's Gulf Coast from the tip of the Yucatan 's Gulf Coast near the town of Progreso , northward to Tampico , where "  preparations ... should be rushed to completion , " the NHC said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Rob Marciano , Gary Tuchman and Harris Whitbeck contributed to this report . Reuters contributed to this report .	Hurricane may strengthen to Category 2 before its second landfall in Mexico Dean is expected to hit central Mexico on Wednesday Mexico 's president cuts short a meeting in Canada to return home Downed power lines , damaged buildings in Mexico , northern Belize
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- An angry , naked man commandeered a school bus full of teenage students Thursday in Atlanta , police said . The man drove the bus for less than a mile before a student confronted him and the bus crashed into a wall off the road , according to police . The incident started Thursday afternoon when the bus stopped to let students out , said Atlanta police officer James Polite . Arris Pitmon , 23 , darted toward the bus and hoisted himself in through an open window , Polite said . Pitmon took control of the bus as the frightened driver ran to the back of it , the officer said . While the bus was moving , the man abandoned the steering wheel and walked toward the back of the bus , Polite added . A student then ran toward the steering wheel , prompting the man to fight the student . The unmanned bus continued until it left the roadway and crashed . Students fled the bus , many using the back door emergency exit , and onlookers subdued the man until police arrived . Some students were taken to area hospitals . Their conditions were n't available Thursday night . Chiquita Rogers told CNN affiliate WXIA that the man had tried to hit some of the students , including her 16-year-old , Donte . "  He pushed my son , and that 's when my son hit him . I guess everybody started swinging , and everybody just started out the back door , jumping . I 'm just grateful that my son is still alive , because it could have been worse . " Onlooker Corey Turner told WXIA , "  Children were jumping out the emergency door ... jumping off the bus . ... They were saying , ` Help , help , help ! ... Somebody hijacked the bus . ' "	Police : Arris Pitmon ran toward the bus and climbed in through an open window Pitmon took control of the bus then abandoned it while it was moving , police say The bus crashed and some students were taken to area hospitals
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama is asking for more than $ 230 million in the 2011 budget to buy and prepare an idle Illinois prison to house terrorism suspects now detained at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The Justice Department budget for 2011 unveiled Monday calls for about $ 172 million for the federal government to acquire and renovate the state-owned prison in Thomson , Illinois , and another $ 66 million to eventually staff and equip it . The budget requires congressional approval , and several lawmakers in both the House and Senate have vowed to block the funds , potentially preventing the transfer of many of the 192 remaining Guantanamo detainees to U.S. soil . "  Even though Americans are facing tremendous economic challenges , the administration has chosen to spend $ 237 million dollars in taxpayer money to provide free travel , room and board in Thomson , Illinois for some of the most dangerous Guantanamo detainees , " said a statement Monday by Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida , the ranking Republican on the House Foreign Affairs Committee . "  It is time for the president to focus on the security and economic needs of the American people , rather than on the needs of those dangerous extremists who seek to do us harm . " Even if the funds are approved by the start of the 2011 budget year in October 2010 , Justice Department officials said Monday the transfer of any detainees was unlikely to start until several months later . In addition to the cost of the Illinois prison , the Justice Department budget seeks another $ 73 million dollars for the transfer , prosecution and incarceration of five Guantanamo Bay detainees currently slated to stand trial in criminal court for their alleged roles in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Justice Department officials told reporters that includes about $ 23 million for security , $ 15 million for transportation , $ 15 million for litigation , $ 7 million for detainee housing and another $ 12 million for related expenses . Gary Grindler , the acting deputy attorney general , said the Justice Department is committed to a civilian trial for Khaled Sheik Mohammed and four others charged in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorism case . Grindler said no decision has been made on whether the trial would be moved from New York City . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also said Monday that the government was still examining whether to hold the trial in New York City or somewhere else . Federal officials informed New York authorities that the cost of a long-running trial in New York City could approach $ 1 billion . New York officials including Mayor Michael Bloomberg are increasingly opposed to conducting the trial in Manhattan due to the high cost and disruptions it would cause . Julie Menin , chairwoman of a city community advisory agency , proposed four alternative locations for the trial within the Southern District of Manhattan : Governors Island , Stewart Air National Guard Base in Newburgh , the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , and the Bureau of Prisons jail complex at FCI Otisville . The latter three are all in Orange County , New York , a county less than an hour away from New York City , county executive Edward Diana told CNN . Diana opposes holding the trial in Orange County , and warned he would mount a legal challenge to try to stop it . A West Point spokesman said last week that no one has officially requested a review of demands for such a trial , which would require in-depth study of legal and security concerns .	Obama asks for $ 230 million to buy , prepare Illinois prison for Guantanamo detainees Lawmakers in both chambers vowed to block the funds , which could prevent detainee transfers Republican : Obama should focus on helping Americans , not needs of extremists
