WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Video showing Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl , captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan , is just another example of how captors use the medium for psychological warfare . U.S. Army Spc. Shoshana Johnson , who was held by insurgents in Iraq , prepares to enter a plane to safety . The latest video shows Bergdahl , of Ketchum , Idaho , looking comfortable and eating food . While he expresses concern about not seeing his family and girlfriend again , he does appear to speak calmly and has no visible signs of abuse . "  I have a very , very good family that I love back home in America , and I miss them every day that I 'm gone , " he says in a 28-minute video released by his captors . "  I miss them , and I 'm afraid I might never see them again and that I 'll never be able to tell them I love them again . I 'll never be able to hug them . " But that is in stark contrast to the well-publicized captures of U.S. servicemen and women in conflicts past . Vietnam Sen. John McCain , whose plane was shot down during a combat mission over Vietnam in 1967 , is considered one of the most famous prisoners of war . He was captured by the Communist Viet Cong and spent nearly six years in a prisoner of war camp , where he was often tortured . A grainy black-and-white film released by his captors showed a severely injured McCain talking on camera in the so-called "  Hanoi Hilton . " McCain later refused to be released before other prisoners . He eventually returned to the United States in 1973 . "  During the years , we were kept in solitary confinement or two or three to a cell because they did n't want us to see each other . We 'd spend all our time tapping on the walls to each other and encouraging each other and organizing , organizing , organizing with our chain of command . The days and hours go by , " McCain told CNN 's John King last year . Iraq And most recently , in 2003 , video from Iraq painted a picture of an unruly and chaotic terror organization holding U.S. soldiers captured in the Iraq military theater . Army Spc. Shoshana Johnson was shown on videotape being interrogated -- with five other soldiers including Pfc. Jessica Lynch , who was badly wounded and was held prisoner at a separate location . Nine of their fellow soldiers were killed when their convoy was ambushed . Johnson appeared frightened , with her eyes darting quickly left and right . "  I was terrified . I did n't know what was going to happen to me , " Johnson said in a past CNN interview . "  And I was in a lot of pain . " Lynch 's videotaped rescue made her a celebrity , and she was used by the Pentagon to put a face on the men and women who were fighting the war against the regime of Saddam Hussein . Johnson and the other POWs spent 22 days as prisoners until Marines rescued them . Chris Voss , a former lead international kidnapping coordinator for the FBI , says that as a lesson from the Johnson video , the Taliban may have learned to try to appear more political than radical . "  They 're hoping that ... this gets to other media outlets that will make them appear so that they are a reasonable political force , " he says . "  There is very much a lack of overthreat in the -LSB- Bergdahl -RSB- video , and they clearly thought this through ... specifically strategic for these purposes . " Somalia Army Chief Warrant Officer 3 Michael Durant , a Black Hawk helicopter pilot , was shot down in 1993 during a combat mission in Mogadishu , Somalia . The body of one of his fellow pilots being dragged through the streets was captured on video . After the crash , he was captured by a mob and held for 11 days . Durant suffered several serious injuries , including a broken back and face and leg wounds . He was later released . His bloodied and bruised face was splashed on the covers of several national magazines , including Time and Newsweek , and on TV networks . His story later inspired Mark Bowden 's bestseller "  Black Hawk Down " and a movie by director Ridley Scott . Voss says his image was depicted in a different way than others had been . "  The media picked that up and ran in a way that was very accusatory towards the United States , " he says . "  There were pictures of Mike Durant in a clearly beaten-up condition , and the captions in the various national magazines were , ` What in the world are we doing ? ' " Voss says that from that incident , the United States may have learned to apply the mostly mum stance it 's using during the Bergdahl capture . "  The U.S. government gave a knee-jerk reaction to that , which I think they 've learned from , " he says . "  So how this plays out in the media , the Taliban is being very cautious to appear to be reasonable ... because they do n't want to make themselves look like they 're fanatical . They are trying to be very reasonable . "	Army Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl was captured nearly three weeks ago in Afghanistan Sen. John McCain is considered one of the most famous prisoners of war Video of captured soldiers in Iraq painted a picture of rogue captors
London  CNN  -- All Airbus A380 airplanes must be checked for cracks in the wings , the European Aviation Safety Agency ordered Wednesday . The order covering all A380s does not mean the planes must be grounded , said Dominique Fouda , a spokesman for the aviation agency . "  They can fly , they just have to be checked within the time frame , " he said . It expands an existing order that the 20 oldest A380s be checked for cracks , Fouda said , adding , "  Now , with the second directive , we are including the whole fleet . " Planes that have completed more than 1,384 takeoffs and landings must be inspected within three weeks of February 13 , the agency said . Those that have completed 1,216 to 1,383 flight cycles have six weeks , and planes that have performed fewer than 1,216 cycles must be examined before they reach 1,300 cycles . If cracks are found , the airline must contact Airbus for instructions , the agency said . The 68 A380 planes in operation are being flown by Air France , China Southern , Emirates , Korean Air , Lufthansa , Qantas and Singapore Airlines , according to the company website . Another 185 planes have been ordered , Airbus says . South Korea 's Ministry of Land , Transport and Maritime Affairs said that it will issue an order to Korean Air on Thursday to conduct a safety check on its five A380 aircraft . There are no immediate safety issues , the ministry said . None of the aircraft will need to be inspected before next spring . Any inspection carried out beforehand would not be beneficial in terms of determining safety of the aircraft , the ministry said . Wednesday 's order was not prompted by any new cracks , but is a normal follow-up to the original directive , which was issued three weeks ago , Fouda said . He called the directives an interim measure , saying a long-term fix is "  now being worked on with Airbus . " That , he said , should be in place by the summer . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee and Ric Ward contributed to this report	The European air safety agency orders all A380s checked for cracks in the wings The order does not ground the fleet There are 68 A380s in operation around the world , the company says
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has spent more than $ 1 trillion on wars since the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , a recently released Congressional report says . Adjusting for inflation , the outlays for conflicts in Afghanistan , Iraq and elsewhere around the world make the "  war on terrorism " second only to World War II . The report "  Cost of Major U.S. Wars " by the Congressional Research Service attempts to compare war costs over a more than 230-year period -- from the American Revolution to the current day -- noting the difficulties associated with such a task . Since the the 9/11 terror attacks , the United States has spent an estimated $ 1.15 trillion . World War II cost $ 4.1 trillion when converted to current dollars , although the tab in the 1940s was $ 296 billion . World War II consumed a massive 36 percent of America 's gross domestic product -- a broad measurement of the country 's economic output . The post-9 / 11 cost of the conflicts is about 1 percent of GDP . Comparisons of costs of wars over a 230-year period , however , are inherently problematic , the report says . "  One problem is how to separate costs of military operations from costs of forces in peacetime . In recent years , the DOD  Department of Defense  has tried to identify the additional ` incremental ' expenses of engaging in military operations , over and above the costs of maintaining standing military forces . " "  Figures are problematic , as well , because of difficulties in comparing prices from one vastly different era to another , " according to the report . "  Perhaps a more significant problem is that wars appear more expensive over time as the sophistication and cost of technology advances , both for military and for civilian activities . " The costs associated with the "  war on terrorism " could still go much higher . A Congressional Budget Office estimate from 2007 said the cost of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq could total $ 2.4 trillion by 2017 , more than double the current amount . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this story .	"  War on terrorism " is second most-expensive war in U.S. history , report says Adjusted for inflation , World War II cost more than $ 4 trillion The cost of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq could total $ 2.4 trillion by 2017
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Sony has announced a tie-up with the estate of Michael Jackson , allowing them to use his music to promote the release of a new smartphone . But the announcement left some Jackson fans unimpressed . The previously-unreleased track "  Slave to the Rhythm " featured as part of a 90-second video shown to journalists at the launch of the Xperia Z2 phone at the world 's biggest mobile trade fair in Barcelona , Spain , on Monday . But fans were quick to point out that the song has been around for a while : A version of the song featuring Justin Bieber surfaced online in 2013 , but the Jackson estate said the recording was not authorized , and insisted it be removed from YouTube and other sites . A version of the song leaked online in 2010 following Jackson 's death in 2009 from "  acute propofol intoxication . " In a statement , Jackson 's estate said : "  The Estate of Michael Jackson and Epic Records are very excited about the partnership with Sony Mobile announced this morning at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . "  We are thrilled with the use of the new solo Michael Jackson recording , "  Slave To The Rhythm , " which is featured in the 90 second online spot for the new Xperia Z2 phone . "	Sony to team up with Michael Jackson estate to use music for new Xperia Z2 phone Michael Jackson recording , "  Slave To The Rhythm , " will be featured in 90 second online spot Fans unimpressed by Sony 's move
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian authorities believe two suicide bombers checked into the JW Marriott Hotel in Jakarta and carried out coordinated bombings Friday morning , killing themselves and at least six victims and wounding more than 50 others . A body is removed following the blasts at the Ritz-Carlton and the nearby J.W. Marriott hotels in Jakarta on Friday . It is unclear what group is behind the attacks on the Marriott and the adjacent Ritz-Carlton hotel , Indonesia 's National Police Chief Gen. Bambang Hendarso said at a news conference . He warned that the death toll could rise . Four of the six victims in Jakarta 's hotel bombings were foreigners , the Indonesian Healthy Ministry said Saturday . The ministry identified two of the dead as Australian , one from New Zealand and one from Singapore . Another victim was Indonesian and the sixth remained unidentified . Eight American nationals were among the wounded , according to the U.S. State Department . Investigators are also analyzing closed-circuit television footage from the Marriott that shows a man , sporting a baseball cap and pulling a wheeled suitcase , heading toward the JW Marriott Hotel 's lobby-level restaurant seconds before the deadly blast . Five victims and one suicide bomber were killed at the Marriott , according to police spokesman Inspector General Nanan Soekarna . Minutes later , another suicide bomber struck the adjacent Ritz-Carlton , killing one person and the bomber . Indonesian national police confirmed that the man seen in the CCTV video , distributed by Indonesian television , is being investigated in connection with the blast . "  We are suspecting the man in the footage because the time frame matches with the time of the bombing , " national police spokesman Nanan Soekarma said . "  It is obviously premature to confirm it right now as we will have to wait for the lab results and the investigation to conclude . " Indonesian authorities have detained several witnesses and others for questioning , and have sent forensic evidence from the scene for testing , a spokesman for Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said . "  It 's all being studied now , " Dino Patti Djalal told CNN . Yudhoyono warned that it is still too early to determine who was behind the attacks . "  This terrorist action is thought to be the work of a terrorist group , even though it is not certain whether this is the terrorism which we are familiar with up until now , " the recently reelected president said . See images of the aftermath " The bombings at the two luxury hotels -- which are connected by an underground tunnel -- happened shortly before 8 a.m.  9 p.m. Thursday ET  , first at the Marriott and then 10 minutes later at the Ritz-Carlton , police officials said . Both blasts struck the hotels ' restaurants and several prominent international business leaders were among the casualties . Watch footage of the scene of the blasts " An unexploded bomb was found on the Marriott Hotel 's 18th floor where several suspects believed to be linked to the bombings were staying , Hendarso said . Indonesian investigators believe the bombers checked into the Marriott on Wednesday and were scheduled to check out on Friday , he added . It is unclear how they got around the "  robust security " at the hotels , according to Alan Orlob , security chief for Marriott Hotels . Ritz-Carlton is a subsidiary of Marriott . Orlob said there had been no indication of any "  immediate threat in Jakarta . " Watch Orlob describe security measures " Security has been extremely high at the Marriott hotel in Jakarta since it was struck by a car bombing in August 2003 that killed 12 people . Suspicion immediately fell on Jemaah Islamiyah  JI  , the Islamist terrorist network with ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda terrorist network that was tied to the 2003 Marriott attack and the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people , mostly foreign tourists . Hendarso said the type of explosives found were similar to those found in a recent raid on a home in West Java that was linked to Noordin Top , a suspected leader of a small JI splinter group that espouses the use of large-scale terror attacks to push for the establishment of Islamic states in the region . So far , there has been no claim of responsibility for the latest attack . Al Jazeera English reported that it was in touch with a JI member who denied any involvement in Friday 's hotel bombings . Watch analysts discuss potential suspects " The fatalities include New Zealand national Timothy David McKay , 60 , according to Indonesia 's state-run Antara New Agency . McKay -- the CEO of Holcim Indonesia , a cement company -- was at the hotel for a breakfast meeting with fellow prominent business leaders , the Jakarta Post reported . Indonesian media also reported that two directors of Freeport Indonesia , the largest copper and gold mining company in Indonesia , were wounded in the attacks on the two hotels . English soccer team Manchester United canceled its trip to Indonesia after the bombing . It had been scheduled to check into the Ritz-Carlton on Sunday . Hotel guests said the first blast at the Marriott shook the building . The second blast at the Ritz-Carlton apparently struck the hotel restaurant on the second floor , according to witnesses . The force of the blast blew out the windows on the Ritz-Carlton 's second floor . "  The shocking part was entering the lobby , where the glass at the front of the hotel was all blown out and blood was spattered across the floor , but most people were leaving calmly , " hotel guest Don Hammer said . Greg Woolstencroft said he had just walked past the hotels to his nearby apartment when he heard an explosion . "  I looked out my window and I saw a huge cloud of brownish smoke go up , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I grabbed my iPhone to go downstairs ... and then the second bomb went off at the Ritz-Carlton , so I then ran around to the Ritz-Carlton and I was able to find that there had been a massive bomb that went off in this ... restaurant area and the explosion had blown out both sides of the hotel . " Woolstencroft said he saw a body that "  looked like someone who had been a suicide bomber or someone who had been very , very close to the explosion . " The chief technology officer for a television station said he had lived at the Ritz for a year before moving to his nearby apartment , and had been impressed by the facility 's security . "  I just do n't know how someone could get in there with a bomb , given the level of security and screening that people have to go through , " he said , citing armed guards at checkpoints and thorough searches of people , bags and vehicles . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and Andy Saputra in Jakarta , Indonesia contributed to this report .	Police say bombers had earlier checked into Marriott hotel Death toll in bomb attacks now six with at least 50 injured Police defuse bomb found on 18th floor of JW Marriott hotel in Jakarta Indonesian president : Too early to determine who was behind the attacks
CNN  -- More than 55,000 cases of dengue , a sometimes deadly mosquito-borne disease , have been reported in a southeastern Brazilian state in the past four months , authorities said Thursday . The disease has killed 67 people this year in Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro state , the state 's ministry of health reported . Slightly less than half of the deaths were children under the age of 13 , the ministry said . Brazilian authorities are calling the situation an epidemic . The ministry of health did not identify whether the deaths were attributed to the more severe form of dengue , dengue hemorrhagic fever , which "  can be fatal if unrecognized and not properly treated , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . The CDC said that with treatment , fatalities due to dengue hemorrhagic fever , which is characterized by abnormal internal or external bleeding , can be less than 1 percent . Dengue fever , the more common form of dengue , is caused by four closely related viruses . All of them are carried by infected mosquitoes , mainly the Aedes Aegypti mosquito , the CDC said . Watch a report on the outbreak " It can not be spread from person to person . The Rio de Janeiro health ministry said 513 of its 57,010 cases of dengue were that of dengue hemorrhagic fever . Rio de Janeiro Mayor Cesar Maia said that patients from outside the city are flooding the municipal hospital and that there are n't enough beds to accommodate them , Brazilian newspaper O Globo reported . The newspaper said the average hospital waits ranged from eight to 28 hours in some places . One father told O Globo , "  I am just watching my son die slowly as we knock on different hospital doors . " The state 's secretary of health , Sergio Luiz Cortes da Silveira , acknowledged , "  We do n't have enough hospitals for these patients . " He said the state was appealing for help from pediatricians elsewhere in the country . Watch ill Brazilians being cared for " Earlier this week , the country 's health minister , Jose Gomes Temporao , said that 2,000 people , including members of the Ministry of Health and the military , were working to combat the Aedes Aegypti mosquito , the government reported on its Web site . At least part of this work , he said , included going door-to-door to inform people of where the mosquitos live . "  Without the mosquito , dengue does not exist , " he said , according to the government . The CDC estimates that there are 10 million cases of dengue around the world each year . "  It actually is quite common , " said Dr. Ali Khan of the CDC . Watch Khan discuss dengue and its prevention " Mosquitoes carrying dengue viruses breed in stored , exposed water , including places as shallow as jars , discarded bottles and plant saucers , according to the World Health Organization . Khan emphasized prevention . "  Wear long sleeves , loose , baggy pants and make sure you 're using good insect repellent . " Symptoms of dengue fever include high fever , severe headache , backache , joint pains and eye pain , nausea , vomiting and a rash , according to the CDC . There is no vaccine to prevent dengue fever or dengue hemorrhagic fever , the CDC said . E-mail to a friend	Authorities : More than 55,000 cases of dengue reported this year in Brazil The disease has killed 67 people this year in Rio de Janeiro state Dengue hemorrhagic fever "  can be fatal " if unrecognized and not properly treated CDC says there is no vaccine to prevent dengue or dengue hemorrhagic fever
CNN  -- An autopsy report issued Friday by Hillsborough County , Florida , cites cocaine as a contributing factor in the death of TV pitchman Billy Mays , who died in June at age 50 . The Hillsborough County medical examiner 's office said cocaine use contributed to Billy Mays ' heart disease . "  Mays died from a lethal arrhythmia of the heart caused by hypertensive and arteriosclerotic heart disease , " the county said in a statement attributed to Dr. Leszek Chrostowski , the associate medical examiner who conducted the autopsy . "  He further concluded that cocaine use caused or contributed to the development of his heart disease , and therefore contributed to his death , " it added . The fact that toxicology tests detected only breakdown products of cocaine , not the drug itself , led Chrostowski to conclude that Mays had used cocaine "  in the few days prior to death but not immediately prior to death . " Cocaine is a stimulant that can raise blood pressure and thicken the wall of the left ventricle of the heart , one of the organ 's four main pumping chambers . The autopsy also found low concentrations of ethyl alcohol "  consistent with social consumption of a few beverages " as well as the narcotic drugs hydrocodone , oxycodone and tramadol . Mays had prescriptions for the drugs -- which were found in therapeutic or subtherapeutic concentrations -- to ease hip pain . In addition , the tests found evidence of two tranquilizers -- alprazolam  Xanax  and diazepam  Valium  -- which are commonly prescribed for a variety of ailments , including anxiety and insomnia . Both drugs were determined to be in therapeutic or subtherapeutic concentrations . Mays was found dead at his home near Tampa on June 28 . Mays , with his booming voice , was famous for fronting products such as OxiClean and Orange Glo in TV commercials .	Cocaine contributed to Billy Mays ' death , says autopsy report Mays died from heart disease ; cocaine use played role in illness , report said Mays died June 28
In the space of six weeks , with great displays of importance , India 's capital will have hosted two world leaders who no longer speak with each other : the presidents of Russia and the United States . India sits uncomfortably between these two adversaries . Pick your geopolitical topic -- Syria , Iran , Ukraine -- and you can be sure that Moscow and Washington will be at odds with each other . New Delhi has been watching from afar , sitting on the fence . It is fair to ask if India 's stance is sustainable . Can you simultaneously court close friendships with two states whose foreign policies are designed to hurt the other ? In Narendra Modi ยน s worldview , the answer is a resounding yes . When CNN spoke with the Indian Prime Minister earlier this year , in his only interview since assuming office , Modi explained how he saw a changed world order . "  If you look closely , you will see that every country is trying to build relations with other countries , " he said . They may be part of one bloc , but they also sit with fierce opponents . When pushed specifically on Russia 's annexation of Crimea , a hostile takeover New Delhi refused to condemn , Modi pushed right back . "  In the world right now , a lot of people want to give advice . But look within them , and they too have sinned in some way . " The comment could be seen as a subtle dig at Washington 's foreign policy missteps . However , Modi 's point was not to admonish the U.S. , but to suggest that all nations have their own value systems and perceived flaws . India ยน s way of navigating flawed global players was by making friendships and opening channels of opportunity . The subtext to this is simple : economics . The reason why Modi has traveled all over the world in his first few months in office -- Rio , New York , Tokyo , Sydney -- is not because he wants to be a foreign policy leader ; Modi wants to bring business to India . So : as you read about and see images of Vladimir Putin ยน s grand reception in New Delhi this week , keep an eye not on the rhetoric , but the outcomes and deals struck . Russia is the world 's second largest exporter of arms ; India is the world 's biggest importer . Russia is one of the world 's biggest producers of oil and gas ; India is one of the biggest consumers . The two sustain each others ' needs . And as long as they do , they will court each other , with the United States watching on .	India sits uncomfortably between Russia and U.S. , writes CNN 's Ravi Agrawal Agrawal : Narendra Modi told CNN he saw a changed world order "  Every country is trying to build relations with other countries , " Modi said During Putin 's visit , it 's worth focusing on the outcomes and deals struck , says Agrawal
Health.com  -- Electroshock therapy today bears little resemblance to its lurid depictions in Hollywood dramas like "  One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest . " For decades psychiatrists have used shock therapy to treat cases of depression that have n't been helped by antidepressant medications , and in recent years the treatment -- now known as electroconvulsive therapy  ECT  -- has experienced something of a revival . Roughly 100,000 people in the U.S. now receive it each year . The future of ECT is in doubt , however . On Thursday , a Food and Drug Administration  FDA  advisory panel will meet to consider whether the machines used in ECT should be more tightly regulated than they are now . If the advisory panel votes for more oversight -- and if the FDA follows the panel 's advice , as it usually does -- some experts fear that access to the treatment will be curtailed . Health.com : Hysteria , demons , and more : depression throughout history ECT machines are currently in a strictly controlled category of medical devices that includes pacemakers and prosthetic joints . As with prescription drugs , devices in this class must be approved by the FDA before they can be used on patients . But because ECT devices were already in use when the FDA put those rules in place about 35 years ago , they were exempted from the approval process . The FDA is now revisiting the status of the devices . The agency can leave ECT devices in their current class and require manufacturers to provide evidence of safety and effectiveness , which may entail new clinical trials and could temporarily limit the devices ' use . Or it can rely on existing evidence and reclassify the devices to a less restrictive category that includes ultrasound machines , motorized wheelchairs , and contact-lens solution . That option would give ECT devices a pass and ensure that they remain available to doctors . The impending FDA action has reawakened the debate surrounding this controversial treatment for depression and other mental disorders . More than 1,500 organizations and individuals have filed formal comments with the FDA . Health.com : 10 things to say  and not say  to someone with depression The American Psychiatric Association  APA  and scores of individual psychiatrists have expressed support for permanently easing the restrictions on ECT devices , because they worry that manufacturers of ECT devices may lack the funds , time , or motivation to meet new FDA requirements  by conducting new research , for instance  . "  It may be a major disaster , " says Max Fink , MD , a professor emeritus of psychiatry and neurology at Stony Brook University Medical Center , in New York , who researched and performed ECT for 45 years . "  If they want an extensive review of safety and efficacy , that means somebody has to pay for it . It becomes a very expensive proposition and there is nobody to do it unless the government supports it . The manufacturers are all small companies in the U.S. There 's no General Electric for ECT devices . " On the other side , patients ' rights organizations and advocacy groups such as the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance  DBSA  have urged the FDA not to hastily reclassify ECT devices . Those groups argue that the treatment and the potential side effects -- such as memory loss and brain damage -- are serious enough to merit a thorough review . Health.com : 7 types of therapy that can help depression And for good measure , the Church of Scientology and related anti-psychiatry groups have joined the fray , calling for an outright ban on ECT and flooding the FDA with comments that call the treatment "  barbaric , " "  evil , " and "  criminal . " The evolution of shock therapy ECT was first used on a human patient in Italy in 1938 , after preliminary experiments in dogs and pigs . The treatment involves delivering electric currents to the brain in order to induce a seizure , which , in turn , seems to alleviate depression .  No one knows exactly how ECT works . Early ECT treatments were more primitive than those used today , and in some cases they did cause harm to patients , including memory loss , burns from the electrodes placed on the patient 's skull , and bone fractures resulting from violent muscle contractions during the seizure . These grisly scenes are now a thing of the past , advocates of the treatment say , thanks to improvements in devices and protocols . "  We have not had an injury of any kind from ECT in years , " Dr. Fink says . An ECT session generally lasts no more than 10 to 20 minutes , and the bulk of that time is spent waiting for the general anesthesia to kick in and wear off . The electrical current is on for a few seconds or less , and the seizure lasts for about 20 to 60 seconds , says D.P. Devanand , MD , director of geriatric psychiatry at Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons , in New York City . Health.com : What ECT feels like The procedure is relatively drama-free . General anesthesia tends to shorten the seizures , and doctors now give patients muscle relaxants that reduce spasms and even "  visible movement , " says Dr. Devanand , who ran Columbia 's ECT Service for 15 years . The placement of the electrodes has also been refined , making ECT much safer , according to William Narrow , MD , the APA 's associate director of research . "  ECT does not cause brain damage , " Dr. Devanand says . "  Memory loss today is very limited in most cases , and the loss is patchy and primarily for events during and just before and following the ECT course . So the patient may not remember one of the nurses on the ward but will recognize the other nurses . " The treatment is very effective in the short term , Dr. Narrow says . Roughly 80 % to 95 % of patients experience a full remission from their depression symptoms , he estimates , although some patients need repeat sessions to keep their severe depression from coming back . And unlike antidepressants , which can take weeks to kick in , some patients start experiencing improvement after their first one or two ECT treatments . Health.com : 10 surprising facts about antidepressants A charged debate In 2009 , the U.S. Government Accountability Office , which investigates and audits government agencies , urged the FDA to lift the grandfather clause that exempted ECT devices  and many other types of devices  from the FDA approval process . Disability and mental health advocates welcomed this development as an opportunity for ECT to receive a long-overdue review of its safety and effectiveness . If the devices are reclassified , on the other hand , "  the rigorous scientific safety investigation of these devices may never take place -- preventing patients from making informed choices about their treatment , " the DBSA wrote in a 2009 letter to the FDA . But the APA and other supporters of reclassification claim that ECT has been researched enough to address these concerns . "  We have a growing body of evidence to support the fact that ECT is safe and effective , " Dr. Narrow says . "  We think it would be a waste of money and effort to go through a new application process , because the amount of research that 's already been done in the past 30 years is so great . " Nancy Koenigsberg , the legal director of Disability Rights New Mexico , one of many independent statewide disability agencies that have lined up against the reclassification of ECT devices , questions the quality of the existing research . "  There are concerns about who 's done -LSB- the -RSB- studies and whether they are , in fact , appropriate scientific studies or whether they 're pushed by the APA or pushed by manufacturers , " Koenigsberg says . "  We 're calling into question ... whether the studies are , in fact , unbiased studies . " The FDA 's neurological devices advisory panel is scheduled to discuss ECT devices on January 27 and 28 . An official decision from the FDA will come later . Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Roughly 100,000 people in the U.S. now receive ECT each year FDA meeting to consider whether machines used in ECT should be more tightly regulated Critics say treatment and potential side effects are serious enough to merit review
CNN  -- This past week , like many Americans , I observed the media frenzy surrounding New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie as he deliberated over whether to opt in or out of the presidential race . As a researcher who studies weight discrimination , I anticipated some of the comments on Christie 's body weight that inevitably emerged in the press . I was surprised , however , at just how much his body weight dominated coverage . Even among reputable news organizations and political pundits , few could resist mocking Christie 's "  puffed up body , " stereotyping him as undisciplined , or offering the unsolicited advice to "  eat a salad and take a walk . " Rather than his qualifications , reports often featured derogatory comments -- some veiled , many not -- fat jokes , weight-related puns and abundant stereotypes , providing a clear example of how socially acceptable weight bias and discrimination against obese persons have become in our society . How common is this ? It may seem less significant compared with discrimination on the basis of gender or race , but it is rapidly increasing and no less important . Research shows that weight discrimination in the United States has increased by 66 % over the past decade . It is now the third-most common type of discrimination reported by women , and the fourth most common among men . Recent estimates even show that weight discrimination is comparable to prevalence rates of racial discrimination . Weight discrimination is especially common in the jobs setting . Decades of research have shown that overweight and obese employees are much less likely to be hired than thinner employees  even with identical , or better qualifications  , they receive lower wages , are less likely to be promoted and are more likely to be fired from their jobs , compared with thinner employees . Criticism of Christie 's weight suggests this prejudice exists even if the job under consideration is at the highest levels of government -- and it is n't the first time . Surgeon General Dr. Regina Benjamin 's excess weight was publicly censured and critiqued in the media discussion over her appointment , often eclipsing consideration of her impressive credentials , awards and accomplishments . But in this most current debate -- over the issue of Christie 's weight -- much of the discussion stems from public misperceptions about body weight and physical appearance . Health  and health risk  comes in different sizes . Physical appearance alone is not sufficient to make determinations about health  or to infer anything about other characteristics , such as personal discipline , willpower or political influence , as some recent media reports otherwise suggest  . We can not make assumptions about Christie 's health status , let alone the health status of other thinner political candidates . There are many overweight individuals who eat a balanced diet and exercise regularly ; there are many thin individuals who smoke cigarettes , drink too much alcohol , eat poorly , have high blood pressure and are sedentary . Being thin is not an automatic indicator of health , and neither is being overweight . If Christie 's health status is to be scrutinized , then the health status of his political peers should be scrutinized as well . To be clear : There is no reason to assume that a person ca n't be an effective political leader simply because of his or her body weight . Discounting an individual 's credentials , training , abilities or accomplishments because of body weight is discriminatory . And it communicates an unfair , harmful message that a person 's talents and contributions to society have lesser value if that person is obese . Given that two-thirds of Americans are overweight and obese , this is neither an accurate nor appropriate message . Unfortunately , for people who have been discriminated against because of their weight , little recourse exists . There are no federal laws to prohibit weight discrimination . Only one state -- Michigan -- has legislation making it unlawful to discriminate against obese persons . Some individuals have pursued cases of weight discrimination through the Americans with Disabilities Act , but few have succeeded . And yet the time may be nearing for more widespread legislation . In a recent study , my colleagues and I surveyed a national sample of 1,001 Americans about whether or not they would support legislation to prohibit weight discrimination . We found that many Americans are in favor of these laws , especially in the context of employment . Specifically , our study found that 81 % of women and 65 % of men expressed support for laws that would make it illegal for employers to discriminate against obese employees because of their weight . These findings suggest that more people are becoming aware of weight discrimination as a problem in the workplace , and are in favor of doing something about it . It 's time to raise the bar  and the standards of journalistic reporting  for appropriate and respectful treatment of Americans who are obese . Because a person 's body weight says nothing about his or her abilities , character or contributions to society . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebecca Puhl .	Rebecca Puhl : Media fixated on Gov. Chris Christie 's weight as he pondered presidential run Puhl says weight discrimination has jumped by 66 % in past decade , is common in jobs setting She says we do n't make assumptions about thin people , who may have bad health habits Puhl : More people are recognizing weight has nothing to do with abilities , character
CNN  -- The mother whose toddler died in a hot car near Atlanta last month says she finds comfort in faith but struggles to get through each day . "  Leanna Harris is living every parent 's nightmare -- the child she bore and loved every moment of his life has died . For most parents , it is difficult , if not impossible , to comprehend such a thing . "  But for Leanna , that nightmare is all too real . She will never again be able to tuck him into bed at night and return later to check on him , " her attorney said Tuesday in a statement . The statement marked the first time Leanna Harris has publicly described her feelings since she made remarks at the funeral for her 22-month-old son , Cooper . His death in a hot car tapped parents ' outrage , garnered national headlines , and sparked a wide-ranging debate about whether more can be done to prevent such deaths . "  She mourns Cooper 's death deeply , in her own private way . She takes comfort from a strong faith in God , but the loss is still overwhelming . Getting through each day seems almost impossible , " said Harris ' attorney , Lawrence Zimmerman . He asked for privacy for his client , comparing her situation to that of vindicated Atlanta Olympic park bombing suspect Richard Jewell . "  She asks that she be allowed to grieve in private without reporters calling , following or watching her home . Since his death , she has been unable to have that time of mourning that every bereaved parent needs . Please allow her the dignity to mourn her son in private , " Zimmerman wrote . ` Constant speculation and innuendo ' Police say Leanna Harris ' husband , Justin Ross Harris , left Cooper strapped into a car seat in his SUV for seven hours while he went to work on June 18 . Records show that the mercury topped 92 that day , and police say the temperature was 88 degrees when the boy was pronounced dead in a parking lot not far from his father 's workplace . Ross Harris has pleaded not guilty to charges of murder and child cruelty . He remains in jail . Leanna Harris is not a suspect , although police have alleged she behaved strangely in the days before and moments after the death of her boy . For example , Ross and Leanna Harris took turns dropping off and picking up their son at day care , and on the day Cooper died , Leanna arrived and was told that Cooper had n't been dropped off that morning . "  Ross must have left him in the car , " she allegedly told day-care employees . The day-care workers told police they tried to tell her that there could be a multitude of reasons that Cooper was n't dropped off , but she insisted that Ross left him in the vehicle , Cobb County police Detective Phil Stoddard testified at a hearing for Ross Harris . He also said that Leanna Harris made an odd remark to her husband while the two were in an interview room after Ross Harris ' arrest . "  She asked him -- she had him sit down , and he starts going through this . And she looks at him , and she 's like , ` Well , did you say too much ? ' " the detective testified . Leanna Harris ' attorney did not address those specific allegations in his statement , but warned against jumping to conclusions . "  Reporters have delved into Leanna 's upbringing , her employment , quizzed people for information about her marriage , and her sex life . The constant attention has prevented her from returning to work , " Zimmerman wrote . "  Dealing with her grief has become more difficult as the days go on , however , in large part because of the constant speculation and innuendo in the media . Newspapers , television and online media have fostered a poisonous atmosphere in which Leanna 's every word , action and emotion -- or failure to cry in front of a crowd -- is scrutinized for some supposed hidden meaning . " ' I miss him with all of my heart ' Leanna Harris told CNN at the beginning of the investigation that a lawyer had advised her not to speak to the media , so not much is known about her . She did not testify at her husband 's probable cause hearing , but arrived before the proceeding began and took a seat with family members , holding hands with the woman sitting next to her . She did speak at her son 's funeral . She told mourners in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , that before Cooper 's birth , she was concerned "  about never being able to have a child . " Leanna Harris described the toddler as perfect and told how he changed her and her husband 's lives . "  As children do , he turned our lives upside-down , " she said . "  Cleaning , changing diapers , dinner , bath time . Finally , what I would call mommy time . I would n't trade it for the world . " Leanna Harris said Cooper had had trouble sleeping of late , and he had slept with her and her husband the two nights before he died , "  snuggling in between both of us . " "  I remember turning over in the middle of the night . His mouth was open and his full toddler lips just breathing right into my face . I will cherish that moment forever . " She said she was "  happy " that Cooper would miss some of life 's letdowns , including his first heartbreak , his parents ' and grandparents ' deaths and who to sit with at lunch at middle school . "  I miss him with all of my heart . Would I bring him back ? No . To bring him back into this broken world would be selfish , " she said . The mother closed by saying that she was n't angry with her husband and that Cooper "  meant the world " to Ross , whom she described as a "  wonderful daddy . " Robbins : In hot car death , leave the mom alone CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Media focus has "  fostered a poisonous atmosphere " for Leanna Harris , her lawyer says She is "  living every parent 's nightmare , " the attorney says Her husband is charged in the death of their toddler son ; he has pleaded not guilty The child died after being left in a hot car last month
CNN  -- Inter Milan moved into third place in Italy 's Serie A after inflicting yet more misery on bottom-placed Bari with a 3-0 win . Late goals from Houssine Kharja , Giampaolo Pazzini and Wesley Sneijder sealed three points for the Nerazzurri , who are now seven points behind city rivals and league leaders AC Milan with a game in hand . It was their fifth win in the last six games since former AC Milan coach Leonardo took over from Rafael Benitez . The only stain on a good night for Inter was a punch thrown by Romanian defender Christian Chivu at opponent Marco Rossi . The officials missed the incident but Chivu may be retrospectively punished . A poor playing surface gave rise to a scrappy first half of few chances . Bari did threaten through Sergio Almiron and Simone Bentivoglio before Inter 's Brazilian defender Maicon flashed a shot wide of the post for the defending champions . The home side again went close in the early stages of the second half when Alessandro Parisi forced Julio Cesar into a save . But with 20 minutes to go Inter made the breakthrough as Kharja , from Morocco , swapped passes with Samuel Eto'o before firing low into the net . With Bari desperately seeking an equalizer Inter added two more goals late on . First Pazzini scored his third goal in two games since his $ 16m move from Sampdoria -- his shot squirmed under Bari goalkeeper Jean Francois Gillet in injury time . Then Dutch international Sneijder rounded off the scoring , finishing from close range after Kharja 's lay-off .	Inter Milan win 3-0 away at Bari to move second in Serie A Houssine Kharja , Giampaolo Pazzini and Wesley Sneijder all scored Inter are now third , seven points behind leaders AC Milan
More than 120 years after Vincent van Gogh 's death , a new painting by the Dutch master has come to light . The Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam , which holds the largest collection of the artist 's work , announced Monday the discovery of the newly identified painting , a landscape titled "  Sunset at Montmajour . " "  A discovery of this magnitude has never before occurred in the history of the Van Gogh Museum , " the museum 's director , Axel Ruger , said in a statement . Van Gogh is believed to have completed the relatively large painting in 1888 , two years before his death and during "  a period that is considered by many to be the culmination of his artistic achievement , " Ruger said . The picture depicts a landscape in the vicinity of Arles in the south of France , where van Gogh was working at that time , the museum said . Museum discovers ` new ' van Gogh painting Ruger said the museum attributed the painting to van Gogh after "  extensive research into style , technique , paint , canvas , the depiction , van Gogh 's letters and the provenance . " Starting September 24 , it will appear in "  Van Gogh At Work , " an exhibition currently on show at the museum in Amsterdam . From the ` Sunflowers ' period Van Gogh  1853-1890  crafted some of the world 's best known and most loved paintings , including "  Sunflowers , " "  Irises " and "  Starry Night , " and a number of self-portraits . He painted "  Sunset at Montmajour " during the same period in which he produced "  Sunflowers , " Ruger said . Van Gogh achieved little recognition as an artist during his lifetime , but his reputation blossomed in the years after his suicide at the age of 37 , following years of mental illness . His works now hang in leading museums and galleries around the world . During the art market boom of the late 1980s and early 1990s , three of van Gogh 's works succeeded each other as the most expensive paintings ever sold : "  Sunflowers " for $ 39.9 million , "  Irises " for $ 53.9 million and "  Portrait of Dr. Gachet " for $ 82.5 million . In its statement , the Van Gogh Museum did n't divulge the full story behind the discovery of "  Sunset at Montmajour , " saying it would be published in the October edition of The Burlington Magazine , a fine art publication , and at the museum . Louis van Tilborgh and Teio Meedendorp , two senior researchers at the museum , said the painting had belonged to the collection of van Gogh 's younger brother , Theo , in 1890 and was sold in 1901 . Saving van Gogh 's home from dereliction	The painting has been identified as a van Gogh after "  extensive research , " a museum says "  A discovery of this magnitude has never before occurred , " the Van Gogh Museum says The picture is from 1888 , during a period considered by many to be the high point of his career It depicts a landscape in the south of France , where van Gogh was working at the time
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A male member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly apologized Monday for shouting sexist remarks at a female colleague as she was giving a speech last week . Akihiro Suzuki , an assemblyman from the ruling LDP party , admitted to heckling fellow assembly member Ayaka Shiomura , who is from the minority Your Party , during her speech urging increased public support for pregnant Japanese women . Suzuki , who initially denied any involvement and condemned the harassment in an interview , publicly apologized to Shiomura . While admitting to making the first comment "  You should get married , " Suzuki has denied making a second comment , "  Ca n't you even bear a child ? " Shiomura accepted his apology but stated , "  I 'm positive that there were others besides Mr. Suzuki who made comments . " She said she hopes that others involved in the heckling will come forward as well . When asked whether he would continue his position as an assembly member , Suzuki stated he has no plans to resign . "  I will stay on if I 'm allowed to , " he replied . The incident last week reignited the debate over sexism in the Japanese workplace . Women are paid , on average , 30 % less than their male counterparts , according to statistics cited by Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during an editorial last year announcing the launch of "  Womenomics . " Women also hold just 3 % of management positions in Japan 's central government , according to the National Personnel Authority . Abe wants to increase that to 30 % by the 2020 Tokyo Olympics .	Tokyo assembly member apologizes to female colleague Akihiro Suzuki apologizes for heckling assemblywoman , after telling her to "  get married " Heckled member accepts apology , but says others should come forward too
CNN  -- When Ann Arbor , Michigan , advertising executive Al McWilliams finished high school in the late 1990s , he made a vow . He swore he would "  never , ever again " commute to work by car , "  no matter what I was doing in life . " Most of his teen friends were getting their first cars and feeling free , but McWilliams did n't see it like that . For him , freedom was being able to spend three hours a day doing something other than driving to and from private school . Driving was "  oppressive , " and his VW GTI felt like a "  ball and chain . " Flash-forward to the present . McWilliams , now 32 , either walks or rides the bus to his office every day , making his way to the back of the Route 5 bus , where he 'll find a window seat and maybe enjoy a nice book . "  I feel more free when I take the bus , " McWilliams said . "  I do n't have to worry about a car , where it 's parked , gas or maintenance . " He 's secure knowing that , just outside his door , "  a bus is going to come by every 15 minutes and and take me where I want to go . " McWilliams represents a growing segment of America that has embraced public transit from coast to coast in communities like Seattle , Dallas , Nashville and Los Angeles . And the numbers are bearing that out . Statistics released Monday from the American Public Transportation Association show that 2012 ranks as the second-highest transit ridership year since 1957 . Only 2008 was higher . Trips in 2012 on U.S. subways , commuter trains , light rail , trolleys and buses beat the previous year by 1.5 % -- or about 154.3 million rides . That despite damage from one of the worst East Coast storms in decades . Last fall , Superstorm Sandy shut down some of America 's largest transit systems , resulting , according to the transportation association , in a loss of an estimated 74 million trips . In Boston , the storm closed subways for several hours . The annual traffic increased 2.8 % despite a 25 % fare increase earlier in the year . Nationwide , ridership still increased . What 's going on here ? Well , several things , say experts . For one , the price of gas spiked north of $ 4 a gallon in 2008 . That year , a lot of commuters who economized by using transit got a surprise : They liked it . They liked it because they could work on their laptops or phones . They could call friends , read books , chat with other commuters . Take naps . It was all so much more enjoyable than crawling in rush-hour traffic on Washington 's Beltway , Atlanta 's Connector or even in Ann Arbor at the intersection of Washtenaw Avenue and Platt Road . So they kept on riding , even as gas prices dropped . Another reason : Cities that did n't have many public transportation options in the '80s and '90s have been getting on board . Places like Salt Lake City and Phoenix , which fostered rail transit during the past decade , are now seeing community benefits like lower traffic congestion and increased economic activity . The ballot box revealed another signal of support . Last year , voters approved nearly 80 % of the nation 's local and state transit funding initiatives , the American Public Transportation Association said , allowing their tax money to go toward public transportation systems . Some of the winners in Monday 's public transit report include : โข New York City MTA subways , up 1.82 % โข Los Angeles MTA heavy rail , up 3.70 % โข Chicago elevated trains , up 4.32 % โข Ann Arbor , Michigan , buses , up 6.6 % โข Canton , Ohio , overall , up 9 % โข Lewisville , Texas  northwest of Dallas  , overall up by 11 % โข Nashville , Tennessee , overall up 6.8 % โข Phoenix light rail , up 6.7 % โข Riverside , California , overall up 8 % โข Seattle , overall up 12 % โข Utah commuter rail up 14.74 % ; light rail up 14.73 % Cities that reported fewer trips included : โข Washington Metro subway , down 3.2 % โข Atlanta MARTA subway/elevated rail , down 5.02 % Riders as customers Less than 5 years old , Phoenix 's light rail line gained nearly 7 % in riders last year . Experts credit the increase to the train 's convenient access to the city convention center , schools , shopping and nighttime entertainment . "  We look at riders as customers and try to design the experience from a customer 's point of view , " said Valley Metro 's Susan Tierney . A special phone number offers riders real-time updates on arrival times . Managers are considering adding Wi-Fi to the trains . Plans call for Phoenix light rail to expand to 57 miles by 2026 at the earliest , depending on the economy . Linking up Utah Utah 's young rail system showed a nearly 15 % gain on both its light rail and commuter rail lines in the Salt Lake City area . A commuter railroad linking the city with Provo opened in 2012 , helping commuters avoid annoying vehicle traffic on I-15 . Utah 's light rail debuted in 2001 and commuter rail in 2008 . This year , two more light rail lines are expected to open for business . Lawmakers are considering using public transit to battle the region 's smog problem . A proposal would offer free access to light rail during January and July , Utah 's worst months for smog . Generations And something else : The shift to embrace public transit appears to have a generational component . Younger people are waiting longer to get their driver 's licenses , studies show . Many of these folks are using public transit . Millennials , age 18 to 34 , like McWilliams are more likely to use public transit than older Americans , according to surveys . "  Our parents moved to ` burbs where we grew up riding around in cars , " McWilliams said . "  My generation is going the other way . It may be as simple as that . "	New stats show rides on U.S. subways , light rail , commuter rail , trolleys increased 1.5 % Americans took 154.3 more rides on public transit in 2012 compared to 2011 , study says Big increases in Ann Arbor , Michigan ; Nashville ; Los Angeles , Boston , New York Cities with dropping subway ridership include Atlanta and Washington
London  CNN  -- Two men who were found guilty of the racist murder of a black teenager in London were sentenced Wednesday to more than 14 years in prison each , the court said . Gary Dobson and David Norris were convicted Tuesday in the killing of Stephen Lawrence in 1993 , after a trial based on new forensic evidence . The judge said at the sentencing that the crime was committed for no reason other than racial hatred , British media reported . Dobson was sentenced to serve at least 15 years and two months in prison , while Norris got a minimum of 14 years and three months , the court said . Norris will be given credit for just over a year that he has already served on remand . Both technically were given indefinite sentences -- ordered to serve "  at Her Majesty 's pleasure . " Dobson 's father shouted "  Shame on you all , " to the packed courtroom as the sentence was read out , British media reported . British law required Dobson and Norris to be sentenced as if they were minors because they were teens when they killed Lawrence . The conviction was the culmination of a case that has gripped the British media for almost two decades and resulted in a government inquiry in 1999 that was heavily critical of the police for their handling of the case . Changes brought about as a result of the Macpherson Report in 1999 -- which labeled the Metropolitan Police force "  institutionally racist " and said its investigation of the murder was fundamentally flawed -- continue to impact how the police and legal system operate today . Speaking outside court , Lawrence 's mother , Doreen Lawrence , expressed her gratitude to those who had supported the family through their long fight for justice . It was a "  difficult day , " she said , but the judge had recognized the stress and suffering the family had gone through and handed down the longest sentences he could under the law . The judge also recognized the men for what they had done , she said , "  and there 's no hiding behind their ages . " Dobson was 17 and Norris 16 at the time of the murder . Stephen Lawrence 's father , Neville Lawrence , told reporters he hoped to be standing outside the court in a year 's time marking the sentencing of the other men allegedly involved in his son 's death . Other youths who were with Norris and Dobson on the night of the murder have long also been suspects in the case . However , extensive re-examination of material gathered at the time has not yet produced evidence for a prosecution . Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe told the BBC Wednesday that "  the other people involved in the murder of Stephen Lawrence should not rest easily in their beds . " Deborah Glass , deputy chair of the Independent Police Complaints Commission -- a body set up as a result of that government inquiry -- paid tribute to the efforts of the Lawrence family . "  There can be no doubt that in their struggle they were also instrumental in bringing much-needed fundamental reform to policing in this country , " she said in a statement . "  It is important to acknowledge the changes that have been made over the past decade , but there is equally no doubt that much remains to be done to increase the confidence of black and minority ethnic communities in policing . " While the initial murder inquiry had been "  truly shocking in its negligence , " she added , the current investigation team deserved credit for its work on the case . Speaking outside court Tuesday , Doreen Lawrence told reporters that she felt "  relief that these racist men no longer feel they can murder a black man and get away with it . " But , she said , the court 's decision was not a cause for celebration . "  These verdicts will not bring my son back , " she said . "  How can I celebrate when my son lies buried , when I ca n't see him or speak to him ? " She had harsh words for the police involved in the original investigation , saying they had put her family through huge pain and uncertainty through their failure to investigate properly . "  This result shows that the police can do their job properly -- but only if they want to , " she said . "  I only hope that they have learned their lesson and do n't put any other family through what we 've been put through . " Lawrence , who was 18 when he was stabbed to death in southeast London in an unprovoked attack , was a good student who had applied to study architecture at university . Stephen was a son any mother would have been proud of , Doreen Lawrence said , and she missed him with a "  passion . " The Macpherson Report concluded that "  Stephen Lawrence 's murder was simply and solely and unequivocally motivated by racism . " During the six-week trial , jurors were told of significant new forensic evidence recovered from clothing seized from the suspects ' homes 18 years ago , including a very small blood stain on the collar of a jacket taken from Dobson 's closet . DNA testing indicated the blood was that of Lawrence . Evidence was also found linking Norris to Lawrence 's death . The new forensic evidence was the result of "  previously unavailable scientific technology and techniques , " said Cressida Dick , acting deputy commissioner for the Metropolitan Police . The defense claimed that the incriminating evidence was the result of cross-contamination after the clothing was seized by police . Dobson had previously appeared in court in 1996 in connection with the Lawrence murder , but that case -- a private prosecution brought by the Lawrence family -- collapsed and he was acquitted . His latest trial on the same charge was allowed thanks to a change in the centuries-old "  double jeopardy " law under which a person who had been acquitted could not be tried again for the same offense . In a change that came into effect in 2005 in England and Wales , a second trial is allowed if substantial new evidence emerges . The head of the Stephen Lawrence Charitable Trust , set up by the teenager 's parents to help young people who want to study architecture , said Tuesday he welcomed the verdict "  with a sense of huge relief . " "  Throughout the 18-year ordeal , the Lawrence family 's desire has been the pursuit of justice -- today , justice was served , " chief executive Paul Anderson-Walsh said in a written statement .	NEW : Neville Lawrence says he hopes other suspects in the case are also brought to justice NEW : The Lawrence family helped bring "  much-needed fundamental reform to policing , " a police body says NEW : Dobson 's father shouts "  Shame on you all , " as his son is jailed for 15 years , a second man for 14 NEW : Lawrence 's mother says she is glad the judge did not let the men "  hide behind their ages "
CNN  -- The three men who the FBI announced it is seeking information about could "  possibly be implicated " in the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya , that killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans , a federal law enforcement official said Wednesday . The official said the men were at the scene of the September 11 attack , and it is unclear if they were involved or just could have knowledge about what occurred that night . The men are not characterized as suspects in the FBI 's material , said the source , who has been briefed on the investigation . Another federal law enforcement official would only comment : "  We want to talk to them . " The men "  may be able to provide information to help in the investigation , " the FBI said in a statement . The FBI released pictures of the three men -- each labeled as "  unknown person " -- on its website and asked people to e-mail tips to BenghaziTips@ic.fbi.gov . The photos came from surveillance video taken the night of the attack on a diplomatic facility and CIA annex . "  This is thoroughly thought out , " the federal law enforcement official told CNN , adding the first step is not to just "  blast out photos . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	FBI releases photos of 3 men who were at scene of attack that killed 4 Americans They are not being called suspects , but one source says they could be implicated The men were not identified in posts on the FBI website
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The woman allegedly assaulted by singer Chris Brown in Hollywood early Sunday was his girlfriend , singer Rihanna , according to sources close to the couple . Chris Brown attends a party saluting music producer Clive Davis in Beverly Hills , California , on Saturday . While Los Angeles Police have a policy against identifying alleged domestic violence victims , two people who know both Brown and Rihanna confirmed she was the woman police said had "  suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker . " Brown , 19 , turned himself in to police Sunday night after police said they were looking for him . He was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats . Brown was later released on a $ 50,000 bond and given a March 5 court date . "  Detectives investigating the alleged domestic violence felony battery booked him for criminal threats , " a statement from the Los Angeles Police Department said . "  At the time the case is presented to the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office , additional charges may be filed . " Brown , nominated for two Grammy Awards , was scheduled to perform at the show . His girlfriend , singer Rihanna , abruptly canceled her planned Grammys performance , but neither her spokesman nor the show organizers gave a reason . "  Rihanna is well , " her spokesman said in a written statement . "  Thank you for concern and support . " Watch the latest developments in the case " Brown , 19 , and Rihanna , 20 , were seen together Saturday night at a pre-Grammys dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton , about five miles from where police said the alleged incident happened at 12:30 a.m. Sunday . The police statement said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood 's Hancock Park when "  they became involved in an argument . " "  After stopping his car , Brown and the woman got out and the argument escalated , " police said . After receiving a 911 call at about 12:30 a.m. Sunday , officers found the woman at the scene of the alleged fight , but Brown had left , the department said . Investigators were treating the incident as a possible felony battery case , police said . Executives with Brown 's record label at the Grammy Awards told CNN they knew nothing about the incident and declined further comment . Brown was nominated for two Grammys this year , including in the best male R&B vocal performance category for his song "  Take You Down . " He also shares a best pop collaboration with vocals nomination with Jordin Sparks for "  No Air . " The introduction to the CBS broadcast of the Grammys , apparently pretaped , listed both Brown and Rihanna as performers .	Brown has been arrested in connection with a domestic violence incident Police : Brown turned himself in after woman accused him of attacking her Brown a no-show at Grammy Awards , where he was to perform Sunday Police have n't named woman ; Brown 's girlfriend , Rihanna , cancels performance
It 's an image that tugs at the heartstrings . A smiling 7-year-old girl poses in her cheerleading uniform , circled by a ring of pompons , her bald head a telltale sign of her chemotherapy treatments . The photo hit Facebook last year and popped up all over with messages of support . "  Like " to show this little girl you care . "  Share " to tell her she 's beautiful . Pray for her to beat cancer . But here 's the truth . The photo was nearly six years old . And neither the girl , nor her parents -- who never posted it to Facebook -- had any idea it was being used that way . Welcome to the world of Facebook "  like farming . " Those waves of saccharin-sweet posts that sometimes fill your news feed may seem harmless . But all too often , they 're being used for nefarious purposes . At best , a complete stranger may be using the photos to stroke their own ego . At worst , experts say , scammers and spammers are using Facebook , often against the site 's rules , to make some easy cash . And they 're wiling to play on the good intentions of Facebook users to do it . "  The average user does n't know any better , " said Tim Senft , founder of Facecrooks.com , a website that monitors scams and other illegal or unethical behavior on Facebook . "  I think their common sense tells them it 's not true , but in the back of their minds , they think ` What if it is true ? What does it hurt if I press like ? ' or whatever . " What does it hurt ? "  I was first shocked , " said Amanda Rieth of Northampton , Pennsylvania , whose daughter was the subject of that photo . "  And then infuriated . " After being notified by a friend who recognized the girl in a Facebook post , Rieth tracked the image back to a link she 'd posted to her Photobucket account in a community forum in 2009 , two years after it was taken . Her daughter , who was diagnosed with Stage IV neuroblastoma in early 2007 , has been featured in local news segments for her fundraising efforts to fight cancer through Alex 's Lemonade Stand . But her mom said she was always part of the decision and was happy to help publicize the fight . "  This ? This was entirely different and entirely out of our control , " Rieth said . "  That 's the most gut-wrenching part : the total lack of control . " Hurting the people featured in the posts , and their families , is n't the only risk of sharing such content . Sometimes , a single click can help people who are up to no good . Often , Senft said , Facebook pages are created with the sole purpose of spreading viral content that will get lots of likes and shares . Once the page creators have piled up hundreds of thousands of likes and shares , they 'll strip the page and promote something else , like products that they get a commission for selling . Or , they may turn around and sell the page through black-market websites to someone who does the same . It 's a way to trick Facebook 's algorithm , which is designed to give more value to popular pages than the ones , like scams and spam , that pop up overnight . "  The more likes and shares and comments and that sort of thing you have , the more likely it is to be seen by other people , " Senft said . "  If they 're looking to sell the page in a black-hat forum somewhere , that 's what the value of the page is . " It gets worse Sometimes , the threat is more direct . The "  new " page may be used to spread malware -- software that attacks the user 's computer -- or for phishing , the act of trying to gather credit card numbers , passwords or other personal information through links to phony giveaways or contests . Simply liking a post , or the page itself , ca n't spread a virus or phish a user . But malicious Facebook apps can , as can external links that page owners may choose to share to their followers . If the page owner has access to Facebook 's developer tools , they can collect data on the people who like the page . Personal information like gender , location and age can be used to target more personalized attacks . The kind of posts used run a gamut from cute to tasteless , from manipulative to misleading . Rieth said she still finds her daughter 's photo on Facebook from time to time , even though Facebook eventually deleted the original after she and others reported it . On the most recent page she found , the picture appears in a feed alongside posts such as "  Who loves French fries ? Like & share if you do " and multiple images encouraging people to like and share if they love Jesus . There 's an image of a premature baby , pictures of military troops cuddling puppies and an image of a young boy pouring water on a man 's cigarette with the text "  Sorry papa ... I need you . " "  It 's anything that 's going to kind of tug at the heartstrings : the sick kids , the animal abuse , acting like it 's some kind of pet shelter , " Senft said . "  That 's the bad part with the scammers . They hit people where they 're vulnerable , play on their emotions . " What to do Because of Facebook 's sheer size , he said it sometimes takes lots of reports for the site to delete an offensive or misleading image , or shut down the page it came from . The best approach , Senft said , is to think before sharing . "  If it sounds too good to be true , do n't click on it , " he said . "  If it 's something that 's obviously geared toward tugging on the heartstrings , check it out first . " Facebook said it continues to work to make sure high-quality content surfaces for users and low-quality posts do n't . That includes trying to diminish the reach of posts that appear to be "  like farming " attempts . "  People have told us they associate requests to like or share a post with lower quality content , and receiving that type of feedback helps us adjust our systems to get better at showing more high quality posts , " a Facebook spokesperson said via e-mail . "  If you see a post that 's low quality and seems to be focused only on gaining traffic , hover over the top-right corner of the post and click the arrow to report it . " Facebook uses "  automated and manual methods to swiftly remove links and pages that violate our policies , " the spokesperson said . "  We 're always making improvements to our detection and blocking systems to stay ahead of threats . " ` Truly angry ' Today , Rieth 's daughter is 13 -- an eighth-grader who has shown no signs of her cancer since September 2007 . But her mom compares that cheerleading photo to the mythical hydra , a monster with many heads that sprouts two more each time one is cut off . Based just on the images she 's found and reported , the photo has been liked and shared on Facebook hundreds of thousands of times . A search Monday also found it popping up on Pinterest , as well as one site where it was wrongly used alongside a 2010 article about actor Jackie Chan helping a girl with leukemia find a bone-marrow donor . "  What makes me truly angry , though , is knowing that they 're using it as an insidious way to make money , " Rieth said . "  That 's not what her survival is about to us . " For this article , CNN sent a Facebook message to the owner of the last page where Rieth found the photo . When asked whether he planned to sell his page , the owner replied with two words : "  How much ? "	"  Like farming " on Facebook takes advantage of users ' good intentions to make posts go viral Making a page more popular with likes and shares makes it show up for more users Owners can then use the popular page to advertise , or sell it to someone else Often , images and videos are used without permission of their owners
CNN  -- Koh JaeYoul may not work at a powerful South Korean media outlet , but the might of his 140 character tweets is considered one of this highly wired country 's most influential . Koh is better known by his 72,000 twitter followers as Dogsul , or ` straight talk ' in Korean . According to twitoast , Dogsul is one of South Korea 's top 10 power twitterers . One of his consistent discussions lately has been the South Korean government 's approach to social media users . "  South Korea is competing with North Korea in trying to control the public , " Koh says . As we talk , Koh tweets a question to his followers , asking what they think about South Korean President Lee Myung Bak 's moves against netizens . The responses vary , from comparisons to China 's attempts to control speech on the web , to allegations that the administration is trying to hide information from its citizens . "  People are angry , " Koh says . The anger stems from a number of incidents , including recent indictments against 19 people . The government charged the 19 defendants with sending false text messages under a 50-year-old telecommunications law that states spreading lies with the intent of harming the public interest is punishable by law . The text messages were sent in the wake of North Korea 's November 23rd attack on the south 's Yeonpyeong Island , which killed two South Korean marines and two civilians . The government says the 19 defendants sent text messages stating that South Korea had declared war and the military was mobilizing . Yesterday , South Korea 's Constitutional Court , which has jurisdiction over constitutional review of statutes , complaints and disputes , ruled that the telecommunications law was unconstitutional . The court found the term "  public interest " too "  unclear and abstract , " according to the court . The case before the Constitutional Court was brought by a blogger who in 2009 , posted a warning online that the country 's foreign reserves would be drained soon because of the government 's irresponsible foreign exchange rate policies during the global economic slowdown . The government indicted him with spreading false information online , under the telecommunications law . Now that the court has ruled the law unconstitutional , legal watchers are predicting the 19 indicted texters will see their indictments reversed . The ruling comes as President Lee Myung-bak is stepping up his rhetoric and pushing for a united public opinion from his citizens against Pyongyang . In his weekly radio address , Lee said , "  To this end , we need to stand together united as one . There can be no difference between you and me when it comes to national security because our lives and the survival of the nation depend on it . " Referring to the North wanting the South 's citizens to question the government , Lee said , "  They are focusing on trying to pull us apart . For this reason , we need to achieve national unity before taking strong military countermeasures . If we show the North Koreans how steadfastly united we are , they will not dare challenge us . Their intentions will be thwarted . They always have their eyes open to take advantage of any opportunity if they detect any divisiveness in our minds and thoughts . " But Koh says the Lee administration should harness , not fight social media users . "  Whether public opinion is divided or undivided is not the issue , " Koh says . "  What 's important is whether issues are being fully discussed . Government is n't always right . There should be more communication . "	"  South Korea is competing with North Korea in trying to control the public , " social media user says He addresses nation 's approach to social media users "  People are angry , " he says
CNN  -- With no end in sight for the Syrian civil war , it 's mostly grim pictures that come out from the country . Yet a group of artists in the capital , Damascus , have created a colorful , vibrant piece of work that is seen as a symbol of hope in the war-ravaged nation -- and setting a Guinness world record as well . In January , Moaffak Makhoul and his team of six artists completed a mural made of assorted scrap -- broken mirrors , ceramics pieces , soft-drink cans , pipes , cooking utensils , bicycle wheels and car parts . Guinness World Records announced on their Facebook page in late March that the multicolor artwork , measuring 720 square meters  7,750 square feet  , is the world 's largest mural made of recycled materials . "  In the difficult conditions that the country is going through , " lead artist Makhoul told Reuters . "  We wanted to give a smile to the people , joy to the children , and show people that the Syrian people love life , love beauty , love creativity . " They started working on the mural in October 2013 . The artists scoured the materials themselves , but they got some help too . Local housewives donated bits and pieces of things that they would otherwise throw away . Many people came from war zones to give their house keys or other personal objects to the artists . The mural wall runs along a key motorway through the center of Damascus , in the upscale neighborhood of Al Mazzeh . The work was completed two months before the third anniversary of the Syrian conflict . The vibrant outdoor artwork has brought people out onto the street , giving them a chance to enjoy art , bringing more sense of normalcy to their life -- and perhaps even easing some pressures . "  All sorts of people have come to see it , " Rajaa Wabi , one of the artists , told Agence France-Presse . "  The mural has reunited  Syrians  . " The Syrian war , which began in March 2011 , has killed more than 150,000 people . Millions have been forced to flee their homes , to other parts of the country or abroad . The violence has also taken toll on the country 's infrastructure , economy and urban life . "  The mural gives us hope again , " said Souheil Amayri , a professor who helped the project , as quoted by AFP . "  Creating something beautiful from rubbish means that we can rebuild despite the destruction . "	World 's largest mural made from recycled materials is 720 square meters Built by a team of six artists in upscale neighborhood in Damascus , Syria Made from broken mirrors , car parts , ceramic and other pieces of scrap
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Thirty people joined National Park Service rangers Saturday in climbing to the crown of the Statue of Liberty , the first tourists to go into the landmark 's crown since the 9/11 attacks . Chris Bartnick , 46 , and daughter Aleyna , 8 , of Merrick , New York , look out from the statue 's crown on Saturday . The New York Harbor monument was closed after the terrorist assaults on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon for safety and security reasons , the Interior Department said . "  Once again , Americans can climb to Lady Liberty 's crown and gaze out over New York Harbor , where so many of our ancestors first saw the New World and first breathed the fresh air of freedom , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said as he welcomed visitors back on the Fourth of July holiday . "  This is a celebration of America and the joy of being an American . " Visitors on Saturday were grateful they could go inside the landmark . "  It 's just basically safety for our country and at least they opened it , " visitor Ira Semapadilla told CNN affiliate NY1 before the visit . "  That 's one thing that I was like , wow , I 'm never going to experience it . ... They ruined it for us . "  Now that it 's going to open again I 'm excited , and I 'm just really looking forward to being in there . " Watch as CNN 's Susan Candiotti treks to top " Gov. David Paterson , D-New York , Gov. Jon Corzine , D-New Jersey , and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg joined Salazar at the reopening ceremony . Even with the reopening of the monument , only a rare few will get to scale the 354 steps to the crown . Only 10 visitors are permitted to ascend the steps at any one time , meaning about 240 people can make the climb during the park 's 8:30 a.m. to 6:15 p.m. hours of operation . The opportunity to climb Lady Liberty will end again in two years , when work will begin on further safety and security upgrades .	Monument in New York Harbor closed since 9/11 attacks Thirty people make climb to reopened crown "  This is a celebration of America , " Interior secretary says
CNN  The United States conducted an airstrike Monday in Somalia against Al-Shabaab , said Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby , Pentagon press secretary . The strike , which took place in the area of Saakow , was targeting a senior leader of the Islamist militant group . "  At this time , we do not assess there to be any civilian or bystander casualties . We are assessing the results of the operation and will provide additional information , when appropriate , as details become available , " Kirby said in a statement . The strike was carried out by an unmanned aircraft , and was an operation of the U.S. Defense Department , according to a U.S. defense official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity . On Saturday , Somalia government forces captured a top Al-Shabaab commander , said two of the country 's military officials . Zakariya Ismail Ahmed Hersi , Al-Shabaab 's intelligence chief , was captured in a house near the town of El Wak , Somali military commander Isack Hussein Mursal told state-run radio . He was a close associate of former Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane , who was killed in a U.S. airstrike near Barawe city in September . The capture came after militants with the group , which is linked to al Qaeda , attacked a large African Union base in Mogadishu last week , killing three Ugandan soldiers and a civilian . Al-Shabaab has said that attack was revenge for the U.S. airstrike that killed Godane . The State Department had offered a $ 7 million reward for information on Godane 's location . CNN 's Omar Nor and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	An unmanned aircraft carried out the strike , says a U.S. official Another U.S. official says the results of the operation are being assessed Al-Shabaab is an Islamist militant group , linked to al Qaeda
CNN  The 1-0 scoreline that took Barcelona through to the Champions League quarterfinals made their clash with Manchester City all seem rather academic . Yet it was anything but as Lionel Messi 's masterful first-half display had some purring once again about his status as the greatest footballer of all time . Meanwhile , the second half witnessed another masterclass as England international Joe Hart somehow kept City in a lively encounter with save after save . In between , the man that City usually rely on to dig them out of tight spots -- Sergio Aguero -- failed to score a late penalty that could have set up a tense finish . In truth , the English champions deserved little over the two legs as Barcelona built upon their 2-1 victory in Manchester three weeks ago to go through as 3-1 aggregate winners . The four-time champions may not have added the goals they deserved but they did reach the last eight for the eighth year in a row , a competition record . "  It was a game with a lot of chances where we could have finished it off a lot earlier , " Barca coach Luis Enrique told reporters . "  We got what we wanted which was to go through to the next round and I am happy with the display . We played well and this is a big boost for us at this stage of the season . " The high-profile scrutiny of the relationship between coach Enrique and Argentine superstar Lionel Messi suddenly seems a distant memory with Barca still capable of repeating their wonder year of 2009 . On that occasion , they won the Champions League , La Liga and Spanish Super Cup under the guidance of Pep Guardiola , who was one of many enthralled spectators inside the Camp Nou . Now in charge of fellow quarterfinalists Bayern Munich , Guardiola was out of his seat -- seemingly in celebration -- as Ivan Rakitic opened the scoring after 31 minutes when lifting the ball over Hart following a fine pass from Messi . The diminutive Argentine flashed two free-kicks from distance onto the top of the goal netting while also displaying an array of twists , turns and embarrassing ` nutmegs ' for his opponents . It was enough to make former England international Gary Lineker , the top scorer at the 1986 World Cup , proclaim him the best footballer ever . While that engrossing debate rumbles on , Messi set about trying to put the tie to bed but he met fierce resistance from Hart , who had kept City in the tie in the first leg when saving the Argentine 's injury-time penalty . England 's number one made 10 saves , the most of any keeper in any Champions League this season , not only repelling Messi but also Neymar and Suarez , both of whom were also denied by the post in the first half . To their credit , the Premier League side -- who were looking to reach the Champions League quarterfinals for the first time -- improved after the break but found chances hard to come by . That was until Aguero won a penalty after going down under a challenge from first Gerard Pique , and then Argentina colleague Javier Mascherano , with just over ten minutes left . But Dutch keeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen dived right -- in both senses -- to beat away the spotkick and ultimately seal City 's fate . Barcelona can now prepare for Sunday 's superclasico clash with Real Madrid , whom they lead in the La Liga table by one point . "  We 've gone out to a magnificent side for the second time in two years , " Joe Hart told Sky Sports television . "  They will get a lot of plaudits but we had a big chance with the penalty . " Questions will now be asked of coach Manuel Pellegrini , who had been expected to perform better in the Champions League after Roberto Mancini twice failed to get out of the group stages . It means that for the second time in three years , no English team have made the last eight , where Barca have joined Madrid sides Real and Atletico , Bayern Munich , Monaco , Paris Saint-Germain , Porto and Juventus . The latter made it through after beating Borussia Dortmund 3-0 in Germany to secure a convincing 5-1 aggregate victory . On a night when Manchester City had failed to score , it was not lost on many that their former striker Carlos Tevez netted twice and made one , converted by Alvaro Morata , for the Italians . "  It was a game to forget . It started badly and did not get any better , " Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp , who led his side to the 2013 Champions League final , told reporters . "  We deserved to be eliminated . " The draw for the quarterfinals will be held on Friday .	Barca and Juve join Real Madrid , Atletico Madrid , Monaco , PSG , Porto and Bayern Munich in Champions League quarterfinals
The coffee mug is covered in a prescription label , with the RX # : VRY-CAF-N8D . "  Drink one mug by mouth , repeat until awake and alert , " the instructions read . The mug is one of several Urban Outfitters prescription-themed products that have come under fire recently from safety advocates who say the items promote the misuse and abuse of painkillers . "  In the 20,000 products that comprise our assortment , there are styles that represent humor , satire , and hyperbole , " Urban Outfitters said in a statement . "  In this extensive range of product we recognize that from time to time there may be individual items that are misinterpreted by people who are not our customer . As a result of this misinterpretation we are electing to discontinue these few styles from our current product offering . " The move comes after several groups sent letters to the retailer asking it to stop selling the prescription line . On Monday , Marsha Ford , president of the American Association of Poison Control Centers , wrote to Urban Outfitter CEO Richard Hayne on behalf of her organization . "  Local poison centers experts know firsthand the dangers of medicine abuse and misuse . In 2011 , they managed 209,909 cases of exposures to painkillers . Of those , 21,752 were teens ages 13 to 19 , " the letter said . "  Products such as these minimize the dangers of medicine abuse and misuse and are very dangerous . " Ford 's letter followed an earlier one sent by the attorneys general of 22 states and Guam that also urged Urban Outfitters to cease sales of glasses , coasters , mugs , drink holders and other prescription-related products . "  There is a national health crisis related to the abuse and diversion of prescription drugs , " the chief legal officers wrote . "  We are actively engaged in a campaign of environmental change to educate the public that abuse of prescription drugs is not safe simply because the medication originated from a doctor . By putting these highly recognizable labels on your products , you are undermining our efforts . " One person dies from a drug overdose every 19 minutes in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; about half of those deaths involve prescription painkillers . In fact , accidental overdoses have surpassed car crashes as a leading cause of American accidental deaths . One doctor described it to Dr. Sanjay Gupta as the biggest man-made epidemic in the United States . "  Distribution of morphine , the main ingredient in popular painkillers , increased 600 % from 1997-2007 , " Gupta later wrote in an op-ed for CNN . "  In the United States , we now prescribe enough pain pills to give every man , woman and child one every four hours , around the clock , for three weeks . "	Urban Outfitters will discontinue prescription-themed products due to "  misinterpretation " American Association of Poison Control Centers , states ' attorneys general wrote to CEO One person dies from a drug overdose every 19 minutes in the United States , CDC says
CNN  -- She spent her teenage years ruling the tennis world , and now Monica Seles is hoping her world of tennis can rule today 's teenagers . From becoming the youngest grand slam champion to having her career shattered by a traumatic stabbing attack , then battling related weight problems before losing her father and coach to cancer , the 39-year-old has plenty of life experience to draw on for her latest project . "  I am old enough now to know that life throws different curveballs and it 's about how you handle them , " she told CNN 's World Sport . "  I try to handle them as best I can . " Long retired from the top level , the former world No. 1 has followed up her autobiography by co-authoring a fictional book on life at a tennis academy . The main character of "  The Academy : Game On " gained her entry to an elite tennis school by virtue of a scholarship , just as the eventual winner of nine grand slams did herself as a 12-year-old . Five years of training at Nick Bollettieri 's famous academy in Florida turned the slender young Seles into the 1990 French Open champion at the tender age of 16 years and six months , and at 17 she became the youngest No. 1 . Those records have since been broken by Martina Hingis but the fact remains that Seles -- who then represented Yugoslavia but who has since taken American citizenship -- was a prodigy whose equal the world had never seen before . Still the youngest winner at Roland Garros , she added the Australian and U.S. Open titles to her CV in 1991 -- and is now in no doubt as to what drove her to the top . "  I had an absolutely great time co-writing the book  with James LaRosa  , " Seles said . "  The main character , Maya , had a way to get into the academies , which is the same way I did -- on a scholarship . And as I always said in the book , there are two ways to get into an academy -- money or talent -- but at the end of the day talent always wins . " There can be no doubt that her ability , coupled with a fierce mental dedication , propelled Seles to the very top but her career was tragically derailed in circumstances that were unimaginable until they actually happened . A little over 20 years ago -- on April 30 , 1993 -- Seles was playing a routine match in Hamburg when a deranged fan leaped over the advertising hoardings and plunged a knife into her back as she sat on her chair during a changeover . It soon emerged that the German assailant , one Gunter Parche , was a devoted fan of former world No. 1 Steffi Graf who carried out the attack in a bid to return his compatriot to the top of the rankings -- which did come to pass , but clearly for the very worst of reasons . The knife sunk one and a half inches into Seles ' upper left back , and though the wounds took a few months to heal the psychological impact left far deeper scars -- as the former teenage prodigy readily admits . It would be over two years before Seles returned to the tour but with her father Karoly , who was also her coach , suffering from a cancer that would eventually take his life in 1998 , the youngster 's weight ballooned as she sought solace for her troubles in binge eating . She was never the same player again -- and her 2009 autobiography "  Getting a Grip " gives a fascinating into the knock-on effects of Pache 's attack . "  According to a psychiatric evaluation ... he stated that I was not ` pretty . Women should n't be as thin as a bone , ' " she wrote after her retirement , which came five years after her last official tour match . "  I wonder now just how much his words haunted my recovery . An integral part of my rehab revolved around cardio sessions . But I started finding excuses for avoiding the treadmill . "  Darkness had descended into my head . No matter how many ways I analyzed my situation , I could n't find a bright side . "  Food became the only way to silence my demons . I 'd walk into the kitchen , grab a bag of crisps and a bowl of chocolate ice cream , then head to the couch and eat in front of the television . "  I still do n't know why my anguish found solace in food . Maybe I was subconsciously reacting to Parche 's angry comment that ` women should n't be as thin as a bone . ' If I padded myself with extra weight , I 'd be protected from being hurt again . " Returning to the sport in August 1995 , Seles would go on to win another grand slam -- the Australian Open in 1996 -- but even that glory was tainted . Having gone from a size eight to 18 , her ballooning weight prompted such self-consciousness that she wanted to be out of the limelight as soon as possible , spending the awards ceremony in Melbourne "  thinking about getting off the court and hiding in my tracksuit . " It was to be Seles ' last major title and the eating disorder sparked by Parche 's savage attack continued to plague her until she played her last competitive match in 2003 , as the girl who once had the world at her fingertips slipped into the shadows . "  To be thrown into the limelight at the age of 16 , being No. 1 in the world and yet struggling to be a teenager is not an easy thing , " she told CNN . "  Then at 19 , to get stabbed and have my career stopped for two and a half years , decide to come back and then lose my coach/best friend/dad , I 've had a lot of lows and highs -- but at the end of the day that is what life is about . "  And it 's just really about living in the present . " Which is what Seles has been doing , having appeared in the popular "  Dancing with the Stars " TV program in 2008 and now hoping to continue her career as a novelist with sequels planned to follow the publication of "  The Academy : Game On . " Fittingly , given the subject matter of her book , her writing began on the tennis circuit as she sought an escape from the monotony of endless traveling to tournaments . "  On the downtime during rain delays and traveling , I wrote a lot , " she said . "  In tennis , everything is about hitting that yellow ball and being really focused on it -- but writing ` Game On ' was just so much fun as I got to use my imagination . "  To finally see it come alive has been a great joy for me . "	Monica Seles is moving on to a new stage of her life after co-authoring a fiction novel The former tennis star says the writing process "  has been a great joy " Book is set in a tennis academy , mirroring the 39-year-old 's early days in the sport She was a teen prodigy but her career was wrecked by an-court stabbing attack
CNN  -- Jenson Button recorded a dramatic victory during a rain-affected Hungarian Grand Prix to toast the 200th race of his Formula One career in style . On an action packed afternoon the British McLaren driver opted for the right set of tires to negotiate a late burst of rain , while teammate Lewis Hamilton , who led for long periods , toiled . A drive-through penalty put pay to Hamilton 's hopes of winning as Button crossed the line ahead of championship leader Sebastian Vettel in his Red Bull and Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso . On the track where he won his first ever grand prix , Button 's victory was his second of the Formula One season , though Vettel heads for the mid season break with a lead in the drivers ' championship of 85 points . Latest F1 standings after Hungarian Grand Prix "  It 's a great moment , all round a major weekend . For some reason I like these conditions . This is the first place where I won a grand prix , in 2006 , in these sorts of conditions , " Button told reporters . "  I 'm always lucky with these conditions . You are not always going to make the right call in these conditions but I feel I 'm pretty good at making the right call when it comes to tire choices -- but I 'm not the only one . "  We had good pace today and I was able to make the soft tires last . The reason why we won today was because we were quick . If it did n't rain it would n't have made any difference . " On a wet track Vettel soon relinquished the lead after running wide on a corner and Hamilton opened up a gap over the rest of the field as he successfully handled the first two pit stops . But on his third stop he opted for soft tires , with the track now dry in most places , while Button followed the lead of Red Bull 's Mark Webber by taking on prime tires . The difference proved crucial 20 laps later as a shower heralded a return to the slippery conditions seen earlier in the race . Button and Hamilton wrestled for the lead , and it changed hands several times before Hamilton returned to the pits to change to intermediate tires for more grip . And although Hamilton was ordered to observe a drive-through penalty for spinning in front of the Force India car of Paul di Resta , he used his fresh tires to good effect as he battled past Webber to finish the race in fourth place . "  Jenson was pushing me hard the whole race and the better man won today , " said Hamilton . "  I was struggling a lot with the graining on my left front tires . I do n't know whether that was my fault by pushing too hard . " Vettel struggled with brake problems and slid off the track on several occasions but dug in to claim second and go into the mid-season break as the favorite to retain his world title . He said : "  It was more important to bring the car home but all in all it 's fair to say that Ferrari and McLaren on race pace in the last couple of events have made a step forwards . " There was also drama for Nick Heidfeld as his Renault caught fire and exploded shortly after he left the pits . The German managed to leap out of his car unharmed .	McLaren 's Jenson Button wins the Hungarian Grand Prix British driver overhauls teammate Lewis Hamilton to take the checkered flag Sebastian Vettel finishes second with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso third Red Bull 's Vettel leads the drivers ' championship by 85 points
Rand Paul wears his political ambition for all to see . Look no further than the tie he sported during a three-day trip to Iowa . It had yellow images of corn , the crop that epitomizes politics in the first-in-the-nation caucus state . "  And by coincidence , I have one in the shape of South Carolina , " the Kentucky Republican said Wednesday , drawing laughs . He was speaking at a Republican breakfast outside Des Moines at Machine Shed , a Midwest restaurant chain where the waiters wear overalls and drinks are served in Mason jars . As Paul blitzed across the Hawkeye State this week , holding events at Iowa GOP offices and campaigning for local candidates , he hardly played coy to the question of whether he was running for President . After all , his nine-city trip marked his fourth visit to the state since the 2012 election . "  I do n't know why Iowa keeps popping up on my calendar , but it seems to be pretty frequent , " he said Monday , clearly with sarcasm . His itinerary this time included a campaign-style schedule where he continued testing his 2016 message on the road . From reducing the federal deficit to defending civil liberties and reforming the criminal justice system , Paul mostly stayed on his talking points . But the trip was not without controversy . His combative answer to a reporter 's question -- combined with video of Paul appearing to avoid an immigration activist -- absorbed most of the attention surrounding his visit . Experts say it 's unlikely those story lines will derail any progress Paul has made in the state with voters , but his comments could underscore questions some Republicans have about his foreign policy , especially as he seeks to broaden his appeal . Off-message At his first stop on Monday , which actually took place in Omaha , Nebraska , near the Iowa state line , Paul held a news conference after touring a tech startup venue with Nebraska GOP Senate hopeful Ben Sasse . Asked if he still supported phasing out foreign aid to Israel , Paul fired back at a reporter for "  mischaracterizing " his position and staunchly denied that he had ever proposed such legislation . But it 's well-documented that he called for ending all foreign aid , including assistance to Israel , and sought support in Congress for his proposal in 2011 . In Iowa , Paul stressed that he never introduced legislation that solely "  targeted " Israel and argued that he strongly favors sending money to the country . Still , he added , Israel will be better positioned in the long run without foreign assistance . "  Every country ultimately would be better off to be independent , " he said on Tuesday . Paul is also taking heat for quickly exiting a tense moment when an immigration activist confronted Rep. Steve King at a fundraiser while the two lawmakers ate dinner Monday night . Video of the incident shows Paul , at the behest of his press aide , quickly getting up from the table and getting away from the confrontation . Paul said he was stepping away to do interviews with local media . Whether or not those interviews were hastened because of the activist is unclear . Still , the video quickly spread and it was enough for critics to frame a narrative that Paul bolted from an uncomfortable exchange . The dust-ups in his trip made headlines and ate up much of the coverage of his Iowa visit . David Kochel , Mitt Romney 's Iowa strategist in 2008 and 2012 , said he doubts caucus voters will judge Paul negatively for leaving after "  someone tried to sandbag him . " "  I think he 's fine on that , " he said . "  As for Israel , that 's a little more difficult . You have social conservatives in Iowa who very much feel the need to be in solidarity with Israel -- not just Christian conservatives , but it 's also national security conservatives . " While Paul has voted in favor of sending more aid to Israel this year and has proposed cutting off aid to the Palestinians , his past statements and views on foreign policy are rooted in his libertarian leanings -- a perspective still largely outside of mainstream Republican thought . "  He 'll probably have work to do on that issue , " Kochel continued . "  It could be one of those things that might limit his potential . " Still , Kochel thinks Paul is the current frontunner in Iowa among prospective candidates . He points to Paul 's frequent travel to the state , his efforts to build a wider GOP , and the network of supporters built by his father 's presidential campaigns the past two cycles . ` Son of Ron ' In the 2012 Iowa caucuses , former Rep. Ron Paul of Texas finished with 21 % of the vote , just slightly behind Romney and former Sen. Rick Santorum -- who tied for first at 25 % . Many of Ron Paul 's supporters were previously inactive in politics , citing a lack of candidates who represented their views . "  Your father cured my apathy , " one man told Rand Paul at an event in Council Bluffs . Building off Ron Paul 's 2012 momentum , the so-called liberty faction of Iowa 's Republican Party eventually took control of party leadership . Mainstream Republicans , with the support of Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad , wrestled back control earlier this year . But Paul knows he needs more than just the libertarian wing of the party . As seen in his trip this week , he 's going after the state 's social conservatives and business Republicans , too . "  Paul is attempting to pivot from being ` Son of Ron , ' so to speak , " said Dennis Goldford , professor of politics at Drake University in Des Moines . "  He 's never going to deny that or reject it . But he has the view that Republicans need a broader base or broader range than some other candidates have maintained . " Paul spoke at five GOP offices this week and five other events in a tour that took him around the state in a 730-mile loop . At each stop , Paul 's main message sought to counter post-2012 perceptions that the Republican Party should change its message . "  I say ` hell no . ' We have to be more boldly for what we 're for , " he said at the GOP office in Davenport . It 's a mantra he has repeated in his travels across the country this year . But he proposes doing so with some traditional and unorthodox ideas for mainstream Republicans . Part of that includes a push to speak out against domestic surveillance programs and mount a strong defense of the Fourth Amendment . He has also been aggressive in courting voters and even Democrats to help expand the party . To do that , he 's urging for reform to the criminal justice system with reduced sentences for nonviolent drug offenders and the restoration of voting rights to nonviolent felons after they get out of jail . In Northwest Iowa , home to many of the state 's social conservatives , Paul placed an evangelical spin on his message . "  Many of us are Christians , we believe in a second chance in our religion . Anybody here who 's not a sinner , raise their hand , " he said Monday night at a fundraiser in Okoboji . "  We believe in redemption , should the law allow people a second chance . " But that 's about as deep as Paul waded into social issues during the trip . He did n't talk about abortion , contraception or same-sex marriage until audience members asked him about the issues at one of his final events . Asked whether he supported a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage , Paul said he "  favors the concept " of traditional marriage but argued the federal government should stay out marriage entirely . "  I do n't want to register my guns in Washington or my marriage , " he said . The previous past two winners of Iowa caucuses , Santorum and Mike Huckabee , both ran on a vocal platform with regard to social issues . Goldford said if Paul does n't devote more attention to those topics , someone else will step in to fill in the void . "  To function in Iowa he 's going to have to address the concerns of conservative evangelicals because Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are going to do that , " he said . Paul left Iowa before this weekend 's annual summit hosted by the Family Leader , a group that 's influential with social conservatives in the state . Guest speakers include Cruz , Huckabee , Santorum , Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . Paul said he could n't make it due to a scheduling conflict . But he indicated he 'd be back . "  You have to meet people four , five , six times in Iowa because they expect a real personal touch , and I think it 's actually one of the good things about the process , " he told reporters , before needlessly adding : "  if I decide to do this . "	Rand Paul made a high-profile trip to Iowa this week Iowa is a magnet for presidential hopefuls Paul made headlines for changing his tune on foreign aid Experts say the controversy is n't a deal breaker , but he still needs social conservatives
Los Angeles  CNN  -- His father , Ryan O'Neal , and sister Tatum O'Neal sat behind Redmond O'Neal in court Thursday as he entered a not guilty plea to charges he possessed heroin and an illegal handgun . The Los Angeles judge denied bond for the 26-year-old son of Farrah Fawcett and Ryan O'Neal . Redmond O'Neal was still on probation for drug convictions when he was arrested in Santa Monica , California , Tuesday morning . "  Redmond O'Neal remains cautiously optimistic that all these matters can be favorably resolved so that Mr. O'Neal can receive opportunity for additional treatment , " his lawyer Richard Pintal told CNN after Thursday 's arraignment . If convicted on the charges of felony possession of heroin and felon with a handgun , he could be sentenced to up to three years , eight months in prison , the Los Angeles County district attorney said . He could also get additional time for violating his probation . He was on probation for a 2009 drug conviction when police stopped his car for a traffic violation Tuesday morning . The officers found heroin when they searched his car with O'Neal 's consent , the prosecutor said . A later search of O'Neal 's apartment revealed a 9 mm semi-automatic handgun , the prosecutor said . He is scheduled to return to court on August 24 . O'Neal was released a year ago from a Pasadena , California , sober living facility where he was undergoing court-ordered drug rehab . Ryan O'Neal , Redmond O'Neal and half-sister Tatum O'Neal sat together for an interview on June 25 , 2010 , the first anniversary of Fawcett 's death . Redmond O'Neal was on a day pass from the rehab center so he could visit his mother 's grave for the first time . The three O'Neals were near tears as they spoke to CNN during a private gathering of friends and family at the Beverly Hills , California , headquarters of the Farrah Fawcett Foundation . "  Redmond is extremely well , " Ryan O'Neal said . "  He is recovering from a terrible disease . He seems to have cured himself . We are thrilled about that . And that 's why he 's here , because they let him . " "  To show my face and let everybody know that I 'm doing good , you know , " Redmond O'Neal said . "  You ca n't hide forever . " "  And how handsome he is and how much he looks like Farrah , " Tatum O'Neal said . "  And how proud she would be and how lucky I am that I can at least be here , because he 's so awesome . Oh , I 'm going to cry . " CNN 's Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report .	A judge refused bond for Redmond O'Neal at Thursday 's arraignment O'Neal 's felony record makes it illegal for him to have a gun If convicted on the heroin and gun charge , O'Neal could get 3 years , 8 months in prison He was arrested after a traffic stop in Santa Monica , California , Tuesday
CNN  -- Unsteady cables and stronger-than-expected winds added drama , but Nik Wallenda 's high-wire walk above a Florida highway looked like a walk in the park Tuesday . The 600-foot stroll was on a cable strung 180 feet above U.S. Highway 41 along the Sarasota , Florida , bay front . The 34-year-old , who hails from multiple generations of high-flying daredevils , was not wearing a safety tether , and there was no net below to catch him if he fell . "  Props to my great-grandfather Karl Wallenda , because I can almost guarantee you he would have stopped in the middle of this cable and have done a headstand , " he said near the halfway point . Daredevil completes walk across Niagara Falls His great-grandfather Karl Wallenda died at 73 , attempting to walk between two buildings in Puerto Rico in 1978 . Last June , Wallenda captured the nation 's attention during his 25-minute agonizing amble above the roaring rapids of Niagara Falls . He carried his passport in his pocket for that historic walk from the United States to Canada , but this one was in his hometown . "  I 'm risking my life on every single one of them , so there 's no difference " the younger aerialist said as he walked . "  My great-grandfather did many amazing walks around the world . The one that took his life was minuscule in comparison . " Thousands watched from 180 feet below and television cameras broadcast it live to the world , a stunt intended to promote Wallenda 's performance with his wife and other family members at Circus Sarasota . Since the permit allowed the highway to be closed for just an hour , Wallenda 's crew had just 15 minutes to adjust the stabilizing cables . Wallenda complained at times that it was "  really sloppy . " "  Holy crap , " he said . "  Come on guys , it 's horrible . " Despite the danger , he kept calm and joked with his father : "  Who do I need to spank when I get down ? " Wallenda took the last step onto the roof of a condo building nine minutes after he took the first one . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : Nik Wallenda was not wearing a safety tether , and no net was below him NEW : Thousands watched the 600-foot-long high-wire walk in Sarasota , Florida He garnered headlines last year by walking across Niagara Falls Wallenda is the first person in recent history to cross over the actual falls
London  CNN  -- A Pablo Picasso painting given to the Greek people in recognition of their resistance to Nazi occupation during World War II has been stolen from the National Art Gallery in Athens . "  Head of a Woman , " painted in 1939 , was among three works taken in the early morning heist on Monday , the authorities said . A fourth work was dropped by the thief , or thieves , during their getaway . The Picasso portrait , which depicts a woman in a white blouse against a blue background , is inscribed on the reverse : "  For the Greek people , a tribute from Picasso . " It was donated by the artist in 1946 . Greek police say the raider , or raiders , also made off with Piet Mondrian 's "  Landscape with a mill , " and a pen-and-ink sketch of San Diego de Alcala in ecstasy by Renaissance artist Guglielmo Caccia . "  Landscape with a farm , " a second figurative painting by Dutch artist Mondrian -- who is better known for his abstract works -- was left behind as the burglar ran away . Officers say the intruder , or intruders , interfered with the alarm system several times overnight , setting it off repeatedly so that it was disabled by the museum guards . At about 4.30 am local time  06:30 GMT  , the raider  s  broke into the gallery 's temporary exhibition area through an aluminum-framed door on a balcony . During the theft , a motion detector was activated , alerting a guard who chased one thief , but was unable to catch him . The raid led Citizen 's Protection Minister Christos Papoutsis to criticize security at the gallery , which is home to works by Auguste Rodin , Henri Matisse and Peter Paul Rubens . "  I am very sorry because an artwork of huge value was stolen , " news agency Agence France-Presse quoted Papoutsis as saying . "  This incident should prompt a re-evaluation of the National Gallery 's security arrangements . " Athens ' National Art Gallery showcases works from the 14th to the 20th centuries , and is best known for its collections of Greek and Renaissance art , including paintings by El Greco , Tiepolo and Brueghel . The theft took place on the final day of an exhibition entitled "  Unknown Treasures , " which had featured prints and etchings by Albrecht Duerer and Rembrandt van Rijn .	Paintings by Picasso , Mondrian stolen in raid on National Art Gallery in Athens Thief , or thieves , tricked guard into deactivating alarm , broke in through balcony door Raider dropped second piece by Mondrian while trying to flee Picasso work had been donated to the Greek people for their resistance during WWII
Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has made a renewed call for Buddhists in Myanmar and Sri Lanka to cease violence towards the countries ' Muslim minorities , in an address delivered on his 79th birthday . Speaking before tens of thousands of Buddhists , including Hollywood actor Richard Gere , the exiled Buddhist leader implored the faithful in the majority-Buddhist countries to refrain from such attacks . "  I urge the Buddhists in these countries to imagine an image of Buddha before they commit such a crime , " he said in the Indian town of Leh . "  Buddha preaches love and compassion . If the Buddha is there , he will protect the Muslims whom the Buddhists are attacking . " Rising Buddhist nationalism in both countries , spearheaded by movements led by extremist monks , has led to communal violence targeting Muslims in recent years . In Myanmar , religious violence has left more than 200 dead and close to 150,000 homeless -- predominantly members of the Rohingya Muslim minority , since unrest broke out in in the western state of Rakhine in June 2012 . Outbreaks of anti-Muslim violence have also occurred elsewhere in the country . Curfews were introduced in the second-largest city , Mandalay , last week after rioting left two dead and 14 injured . READ MORE : Curfew imposed after deadly clashes between Buddhists , Muslims in Mandalay Human rights groups said that extremist monks helped incite last week 's violence , and were present in the rioting mobs . In Sri Lanka last month , four people were killed in nights of religious violence in which Buddhist mobs attacked Muslim neighborhoods around the southwest town of Aluthgama . Witnesses told CNN the rioting began after a rally organized by the far-right Bodu Bala Sena  Buddhist Power Force  group , at which the group 's leader , a monk , gave an inflammatory speech against Muslims . The Dalai Lama , who has lived in exile since 1959 , has previously spoken out about the violence perpetrated by Buddhist nationalists . In May last year , he made comments at a U.S. university decrying the violence in Myanmar , and he has written to Aung San Suu Kyi , a renowned Burmese pro-democracy campaigner and fellow Nobel Peace Prize winner , calling for a halt to the violence , his staff said . The Dalai Lama was speaking before the audience in Leh to confer Kalachakra , a process intended to empower tens of thousands of his Buddhist followers to reach enlightenment , his office said . READ MORE : Fear , shock among Sri Lankan Muslims in aftermath of Buddhist mob violence READ MORE : Aung San Suu Kyi 's silence on Myanmar 's Muslims	Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has condemned violence by Buddhists Anti-Muslim communal violence has risen in Myanmar and Sri Lanka in recent years In both Buddhist majority countries , the attacks have been linked to extremist monks The Dalai Lama has previously decried religious violence perpetrated by Buddhists
CNN  -- When someone says "  Thanksgiving and apps , " you probably think appetizers , not applications . It 's not as natural a combo as , say , turkey and dressing or Detroit Lions and "  losing in front of a national audience , " is it ?  We know -- those Lions are actually pretty good this year . Old habits die hard . But in late 2011 , if it exists , you can bet there 's a host of mobile apps designed to help with it . And , let 's be honest : Thanksgiving is a holiday with lots of moving parts . From ambitious cooking experiments to dealing with in-laws to mapping Black Friday shopping strategies , it can be a stressful day . Even if you 're not a Detroit Lions fan .  Sorry ... did it again . So , feeling prematurely full of holiday cheer , we 've compiled a few apps that might help make your Turkey Day a good one . No need to thanks us ... just save us a drumstick . Bonus : If , despite all this digital help , things go horribly awry , do n't fret . Whether it 's a scorched bird or a visit from Bumpus 's hounds , you can still load up the family "  Christmas Story " style , and head out for a Chinese feast or other dinner on the town , using apps like Open Table , UrbanSpoon and Foodspotting . Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade The departments store 's annual march through the streets of New York has become as much a part of the Thanksgiving tradition as pilgrims and pumpkin pie . While much of the app is geared toward folks actually attending the parade , there are features that can be helpful even if you 're watching from home in a tryptophan haze . It provides a complete list of participants in the parade , along with their marching order , a history of the event and traffic camera video that shows more views than just those available on TV . If you happen to be in the crowd , it offers info like a detailed map , nearby dining spots and , perhaps most importantly , the location of public restrooms . Platform : iOS and Android Use : Make sure to not miss Snoopy The Professional Chef Yes , this is a $ 50 app .  OK , $ 49.99 , but you figure out something to do with that digital penny . And it 's iPad only . But if you 're serious about your kitchen pursuits , this one might just be worth it , and not just for ways to craft haute cuisine giblet gravy . From the Culinary Institute of America , Professional Chef is designed to maximize what the tablet computer can do . Yes , there are tons of recipes . But there are also instructional videos with Culinary Institute chefs , discussion boards , nearly 750 photos and the ability to highlight and make notes on your favorites . Downloading the app allows you access to one free chapter  we 're not sure if "  My Turkey , My Self " is in there  , and individual chapters can be purchased for $ 2.99 . If you 're on an even tighter budget , check out Epicurious -- it 's free . Platform : iPad only Use : Cranberry sauce that would make Richard Blaise proud Thanksgiving Coloring Book This one 's kind of silly , but hear us out . While you 're slaving over a hot stove , the last thing you need is little Jimmy or Susie underfoot . So break out your mobile device and give them something to do that 's both festive and time-consuming . In effect , the kids will be able to do virtual finger-painting that wo n't leave a mess all over the dinner table , which is soon to be groaning under the weight of your bountiful feast . In this free app , there are 60 colors to choose from to paint turkeys , pumpkins , pilgrims and the like . You can shake your device Etch-A-Sketch style to start over and , when you 're done , save your child 's master work to a gallery or share it via e-mail , Facebook , Twitter or Tumblr . Platform : iPhone , iPad and Android Use : Making Pilgrims purple Turkey Plucker It 's a game called Turkey Plucker . Three guesses what you do . If you guessed "  pluck a turkey , " congratulations . You have at least a basic grasp on the English language , and you clearly understand the remarkable range of possibilities in the app-development world . Promising "  realistic feather-falling action , " this free , touch-based game makes "  Angry Birds " look like "  Civilization V " in terms of complexity . But that might be just the sort of challenge you 're looking for on Thanksgiving day . You can also share your score on Facebook , as the app 's description says , to "  brag how fast of a plucker you are . " Platform : iOS , Android Use : Useless . But is n't that the point ? T.G.I. Black Friday OK , it kind of makes us cringe to acknowledge it . But while the rest of us are trying to decide whether we have room to cram one more slice of pumpkin pie down our gullets , some of you will already be plotting the next day 's orgy of crass ... er ... holiday consumerism . If the concept of hitting the mall at 4 a.m. does n't make you curl up into a little ball , there are several apps to help craft your plan of attack . T.G.I. Black Friday helps you find more than 10,000 advertised Black-Friday deals from major retailers like Best Buy , Target and Sears -- in some cases before those ads appear elsewhere . The app lets you create a personal shopping list , receive notifications when new deals you may like appear and even share deals with friends on Facebook , Twitter and Google + . It 's also set up to let you find online deals -- a plus for those of us reluctant to leave the house . Platform : iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch , Android Use : Maxing out your credit card	Your smartphone or tablet can be a part of your Thanksgiving celebrations Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade has a mobile app for the first time Apps like Professional Chef can be handy for tips on cooking the feast Keep the kids occupied with Thanksgiving Coloring Book , then share their work
CNN  -- In January , Bashar al-Assad sat down for a long interview with the Wall Street Journal . That was noteworthy in itself ; the Syrian leader does n't spend much time with the Western media . He was in confident mood -- saying that Syria would not succumb to the unrest then spreading in Tunisia and Egypt . That same month Vogue ran an effusive feature on Syria 's first lady , Asma al-Assad , describing her as a "  rose in the desert . " But in his interview , al-Assad also recognized "  anger and desperation " in the region and the need for reform in Syria , to "  open up the society , " as he put it . Change was needed , he said , but "  if you do it just because of what happened in Tunisia and Egypt , then it is going to be a reaction , not an action ; and as long as what you are doing is a reaction you are going to fail . " Now , after 10 days of deadly protests in Syria , that "  reaction " is well and truly under way . The government has responded with a mixture of aggression and appeasement . It has announced a substantial rise in wages for public employees , and has proposed ending the decades-long state of emergency and opening up Syria 's cramped political space to other parties . The current Syrian constitution enshrines the leadership of the Baath Party , which both al-Assad and his father , Hafez al-Assad , who died in 2000 , have led . At the same time , security forces have swamped Daraa and other towns in the south ; witnesses speak of a mysterious group of men dressed in black patrolling the streets of Latakia . Amnesty International reports widespread arrests of political activists . But the protests have continued , and one Facebook page following the unrest -- SyrianRevolution -- now has nearly 100,000 followers . The regime 's carrot-and-stick approach may work in the short term but the widely respected International Crisis Group says President Assad has two starkly different options . "  One involves an immediate and inevitably risky political initiative that might convince the Syrian people that the regime is willing to undertake dramatic change . The other entails escalating repression , which has every chance of leading to a bloody and ignominious end . " While it has tinkered with reform over the past 10 years , al-Assad 's government is hamstrung by internal disagreement , endemic corruption and competing goals at home and in the region . That at least is the picture that emerges from analyzing the U.S. diplomatic cables obtained by WikiLeaks . The cables acknowledge that al-Assad has allowed greater media freedom since he became president 11 years ago "  with Al Jazeera , the local favorite , and al-Arabiya readily available via satellite . " Local journalists spoke of shifting red lines , adding wryly that "  it was much simpler under Hafez al-Assad ; we always knew where the red lines were . " Caution has been the watchword in other spheres , including a tentative "  reset " of Syria 's frosty relationship with the United States since President Barack Obama took office and a gradual reassertion of Syria 's role in Lebanon . The younger al-Assad has blamed a rough neighborhood for slow progress at home . "  We are not the only captain , " he told the Wall Street Journal . "  We were affected by the situation in Iraq or in Lebanon . There are many things that we wanted to do in 2005 we are planning to do in 2012 . " The cables shed light on how Syria has been run -- with powerful and often competing cliques dominating economic and political life , and intrigue trumping open debate . Part of the diplomatic traffic is devoted to the power of "  regime financiers " like telecom magnate Rami Makhluf , al-Assad 's cousin . A U.S. contact is quoted in a cable as saying "  most Syrians viewed Rami in a negative light and his strong-arm business tactics had earned him many enemies . " The same cable says corruption "  was rife in Syrian government and society and had undermined the president 's credibility with the Syrian people . " There is also evidence of serious rifts within the security apparatus , with one cable from 2008 reporting that "  Syrian Military Intelligence and General Intelligence Directorate officials are currently engaged in an internecine struggle to blame each other for the breach of security " that occurred in Damascus when Hezbollah 's military commander , Imad Mughniyah , was killed by a car bomb . Several months later , a top adviser to al-Assad -- Gen. Mohammed Suleiman -- was shot dead at his vacation home on the Syrian coast . His killers have never been identified , although the Syrians blame Israel . Syria 's long-term alliance with Iran and its sponsorship of the Hezbollah militia in neighboring Lebanon are also sensitive issues at home . Some reports from Daraa say protesters have raised their voices against both . Syrian officials quoted in U.S. cables say Hezbollah is a legitimate resistance movement and part of the overall Middle East peace process . In other words -- Syria 's  and Iran 's  insurance card against Israel . In 2009 , the top U.S. diplomat in Damascus sharply criticized Syria 's alleged delivery of ballistic missiles to Hezbollah . "  Syria 's actions have created a situation in which miscalculation or provocative behavior by Hezbollah could prove disastrous for Syria and the broader region , " he wrote . Other cables suggest constant juggling by al-Assad as he tries to keep the alliance with Iran intact while not closing the door to negotiations with Israel . Fawaz Gerges at the London School of Economics says Syria is a critical regional player . "  Instability in Syria means there will be instability in Lebanon , which is a divided country along sectarian lines . " Iran , too , would be affected were Assad to go , he said : "  Syria is a critical player that supports a non-Arab state . The West has tried to wean Syria off Iran but has failed . " Barak Seener , a research fellow with the Royal United Services Institute in London , agrees that events in Syria could alter the Middle East landscape . "  A liberal democratic Syria would be more susceptible to peace with Israel , irrespective of the status of the Golan Heights , " he said . "  In light of the opposition that removed Mubarak , it is questionable whether peace can be made with autocratic leaders that can be removed and not with liberal societies . " Seener says the violence so far does not threaten the regime 's existence but "  will embolden the majority-Sunni population and Kurdish minority , who deeply resent the political dominance of the Alawi minority , to protest . " Al-Assad is an Alawite . But so far , none of Syria 's major cities has seen the sort of unrest witnessed in Daraa . Some Syria-watchers say al-Assad may even turn the crisis to his advantage by pushing through reform despite the hardliners and bureaucratic inertia . He may also benefit from a fractured opposition . Syrian analyst Murhaf Jouejati at George Washington University says that civil society has been stifled by decades of emergency rule . "  The protesters are not organized . The opposition is fragmented , " he said . "  Civil society is not developed enough to be a counterweight to the state " even if intellectuals leading the opposition enjoy a certain amount of moral authority . Other analysts say the sudden announcement of extensive concessions smacks of panic , and that endemic corruption and high unemployment are beyond the government 's capacity to fix . In addition , as the International Crisis Group notes , "  as a result of events elsewhere in the region , a new awareness and audacity have materialized over the past several weeks in myriad forms of rebelliousness . " Fear , if not gone , is no longer so pervasive . The International Crisis Group says much hinges on al-Assad , who is due to address the nation in the next couple of days . "  He alone can prove that change is possible and already in the making , restore some sense of clarity and direction to a bewildered power apparatus and put forward a detailed framework for structural change , " it says . As al-Assad also told the Wall Street Journal in January : "  This is the Middle East , where every week you have something new . "	Despite concern , al-Assad forced to react to opposition The regime 's carrot-and-stick approach may work in the short term In the long term , there is risk in any strategy , the International Crisis Group says WikiLeaks cables show a government hamstrung by internal disagreement
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has unveiled a raft of reforms aimed at restoring credibility to world football 's ruling body , which has been hit by a succession of scandals over the past decade of his tenure . Accusations of corruption came to a head in the lead-up to last December 's vote to award hosting rights for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , with two high-echelon officials banned for life . The fallout continued last week as Caribbean Football Union members were suspended and fined for their involvement in the cash-for-votes scandal which saw Blatter 's only election rival banned for life before the June 1 ballot . While former Asian Confederation president Mohamed Bin Hammam is taking legal action against that punishment , his former fellow Executive Committee members have agreed to establish three new task forces and a "  good governance committee " in order to clean up the sport 's administration . Blatter revealed at a press conference in Zurich on Friday that he hopes they will be implemented by 2013 . "  We 've been ambitious in our roadmap , " the 75-year-old said . "  By 2013 we should have lived up to the requests made by the national associations in 2011 . That is the goal we have set for ourselves . " Germany 's Football Association president Theo Zwanziger will chair the task force dedicated to revising FIFA 's statutes , while Claudio Sulser will oversee any reforms of the Ethics Committee of which he is chairman . The group focused on transparency and compliance will be headed by New Zealand FA president Frank van Hattum and Paraguay counterpart Juan Angel Napout , and German football legend Franz Beckenbauer will continue to lead the Football 2014 task force which began its work in May . The good governance committee will be established at the ExCo 's next meeting on December 16-17 , and will have representatives from throughout the football world -- such as players , referees , fans , clubs , national associations -- and from outside , including politicians lawyers , marketing partners . Former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger has been involved in an advisory role , but will not be on the committee as Blatter said he wanted to have currently active politicians instead . "  We needed to strengthen the Ethics Committee , so we have a task force which will focus on its independence and how to strengthen it , " Blatter said . "  What is most important right now , we also need to provide it with guidelines that do n't come from football and not from the Executive Committee and members of different confederations or the Ethics Committee , but from the national associations . They wanted to see something being done . "  The transparency and compliance task force will be made up of presidents of national associations , and they will identify the problems with which the national associations are faced with respect to FIFA . " Blatter said the ExCo members , several of whom have faced accusations of corruption in the past decade , were unanimous in agreeing on the proposed roadmap . "  There is only one question mark -- will we be able to live up to the details of it ? I feel very happy that the Executive Committee is completely in step with what we want to achieve with the national associations , " he said . "  We are moving forward with a FIFA that , especially due to the Good Governance Committee , will allow us in 2013 or even before to present an image other than the one we have currently . " Blatter , who said there would be a push to include at least one woman on the all-male ExCo for the first time , revealed that court documents from the 10-year-old case involving FIFA 's former marketing partner ISL would be released . FIFA officials Ricardo Teixeira , Nicolas Leoz and former president Joao Havelange were accused of receiving payments from ISL , which folded in 2001 . The ExCo will examine the case in December and make the files available to an independent body for scrutiny . "  The court has said there are people involved , but no Swiss people -- only foreign people , " Blatter said . He denied claims that FIFA was a corrupt organization , but claimed that any large body will always have corrupt elements . "  Some people are corrupt , some people are even more than that , but can you say that all are ? At the end of the day in FIFA , which has 300 million participants , you will always find some violence , doping , corruption , you can not avoid it , but that does not mean that the whole organization is like that . "	Football 's governing body FIFA reveals plans to target corrupt activity President Sepp Blatter unveils proposals for three new task forces "  Good governance committee " will bring together their recommendations FIFA to release court documents over ISL marketing company corruption case
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The defense in the murder trial of a Philadelphia doctor accused of performing illegal late-term abortions rested Wednesday without calling any witnesses . Closing arguments in the trial of Dr. Kermit Gosnell are scheduled for Monday , and a jury could begin deliberations Tuesday . Gosnell , 72 , is charged with four first-degree murder counts for the deaths of four babies . Authorities allege that some of the infants were born viable and alive during the sixth , seventh and eighth months of pregnancy , but were killed with scissors that were used to cut their spinal cords . Judge tosses 3 murder charges against abortion doctor In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . Defense attorney Jack McMahon has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering the drug digoxin , which can cause abortion . McMahon cross-examined the state 's witnesses Wednesday , but did not call any witnesses for the defense . Gosnell also is charged with third-degree murder in the death of a 41-year-old Virginia woman , Karnamaya Mongar , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . Gosnell , who operated the Women 's Medical Society clinic in West Philadelphia , has pleaded not guilty . On Tuesday , Common Pleas Judge Jeffrey P. Minehart threw out three of the original seven first-degree murder charges against Gosnell as well as five abuse of corpse charges in connection with the storage of the feet of aborted fetuses . Minehart also dismissed one count of infanticide , the intentional killing of an infant . Doctor performed illegal late-term abortions , ex-employee testifies A grand jury investigation determined that health and licensing officials had received reports about Gosnell 's practices for two decades but had taken no action , Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said . When authorities searched Gosnell 's office , they found bags and bottles holding aborted fetuses scattered throughout the building . Jars containing the severed feet of babies lined a shelf . Furniture and equipment was bloodstained , dusty and broken . The city 's chief medical examiner , Sam Gulino , told jurors this month that as part of the investigation into the charges against Gosnell , he had to examine the remains of 47 aborted fetuses that were stored in water jugs , pet food containers and a freezer inside the abortion clinic . Victim 's daughter offers emotional testimony Minehart also dismissed six of the nine counts of theft by deception against Gosnell co-defendant Eileen O'Neill , 56 , a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at the Women 's Medical Society . O'Neill , who did not have a medical license , is not charged with performing abortions but with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization . " Meanwhile , a gag order remains in place preventing attorneys or the jury from speaking to the media . If found guilty , Gosnell could be sentenced to death .	Dr. Kermit Gosnell 's attorney cross-examines witnesses but calls none of his own Gosnell , 72 , is charged with murder in the deaths of four babies and a woman Gosnell is accused of performing abortions past 24 weeks , in violation of state law Closing arguments are set for Monday
RollingStone.com  -- When Sam Beam stepped into the spotlight on Iron and Wine 's 2002 debut , he was a novelty act . That acoustic guitar , that soothingly sweet tenor voice , that flowing mountain-man beard ? Pop music had n't seen anything like it since the heyday of Cat Stevens . But Beam 's songs -- sincere folk churners full of backwoods beauty and subtle psychedelia -- had a weird magic all their own . Since then , indie rock has been overrun by extravagantly bearded , achingly earnest balladeers , but Beam started running away from the pack on 2007 's "  The Shepherd 's Dog , " which juiced limpid melodies with dashes of Appalachian folk and West African rock . Gallery : Keep up with rock 's hottest photos in Random Notes Now , on "  Kiss Each Other Clean , " Beam has gone pop -- at least the kind of pop you might have heard on a free-form radio station occupied by a band of hippie visionaries in 1971 . Beam 's lovely voice anchors melodies of crystalline clarity and unshakable catchiness . But the music wo n't stay still , moving from stormy psychedelic rock  "  Rabbit Will Run "  to white-guy funk  "  Big Burned Hand "  to what sounds like a Beach Boys version of a country-western ballad  "  Half Moon "  . Beam 's tunes pull you merrily along , but his songs do n't shy from the big issues , tackling war , politics and sex . On "  Me and Lazarus , " Beam seems to poke fun at his own minor celebrity : "  Never made the local news/Guess I had nowhere else to go . " Do n't believe it : Beam 's headed someplace , and it 's worth following . Copyright ยฉ 2010 Rolling Stone .	On "  Kiss Each Other Clean , " Beam has gone pop Beam 's lovely voice anchors melodies of crystalline clarity and unshakable catchiness On "  Me and Lazarus , " Beam seems to poke fun at his own minor celebrity
CNN  CNN 's African Start-Up hosted a Twitter chat on how to take your startup to the next level on January 14 . Using the #CNNAfrica hashtag , tech lovers and entrepreneurs joined special guests Rebecca Enonchong , founder of AppsTech , Juliana Rotich , executive director of Ushahidi Inc and BRCK CEO Erik Hersman for a lively debate . If you were unable to join us , here 's what you missed . We started with a question encouraging our tech entrepreneurs to think back to when they began : Tech lovers around the world also got involved in the chat using the hashtag #CNNAfrica : The second question looked at the most usual mistakes young entrepreneurs do : Tweeter Wendy Lee agreed : Choosing a great team is an integral part of building a thriving business , so we asked our guests what they looked for in potential recruits . Of course , a chat about startups could n't go on without tackling the issue of raising money : Being transparent and passionate seemed to be the key advice from our experts and other participants : The discussion then tackled the topic of selling early or holding out for a bigger exit : Entrepreneur Gossy Ukanwoke , founder of Beni American University in Nigeria , shared some practical and level headed advice : Our next question was about the importance of mentors and the qualities they can bring to a business : PR guru Ronke Lawal shared what she thinks a good mentor is : In question 7 we moved on to the topic of effective press coverage : We then asked our guests whether entrepreneurs should join a tech incubator and what they should consider in advance : Wrapping up our #CNNAfrica chat , we asked our guests what was the best thing about working in Africa 's tech sector : The chat provided businesses with the vital tools and inspiration they need to grow their tech startups :	Twitter chat : How to take your startup to the next level Rebecca Enonchong , Juliana Rotich and Erik Hersman were the special guests
CNN  -- Four soldiers may face a court-martial and charges of negligent homicide in the case of an Army private who apparently committed suicide in Afghanistan , U.S. Army officials said Tuesday . The case stems from the death of Pvt. Danny Chen , 19 , whose body was found in October 2011 in a guard tower in Afghanistan . An Article 32 hearing was held this week to determine whether the four soldiers will face a court-martial . After testimony Monday , Army investigators recommended that the soldiers ' charges be forwarded to a court-martial and the brigade commander will make the final determination if the case will continue , the Army said . An Army official has said the soldiers are accused of hazing and abusing Chen in the weeks before he died . Chen 's family members also have said the young soldier was harassed by soldiers before he died . The Chen family told The New York Times in October that officials said Chen had suffered physical abuse and ethnic slurs by superiors , including an incident in which he was dragged out of bed and across the floor for failing to turn off a water heater after showering . At a vigil for Chen last year , his brother Banny Chen , read from a letter the soldier had sent to his family . "  They ask if I 'm from China a few times a day . They also called out my name , ` Chen , ' in a goat-like voice sometimes for no reason . No idea how it started , but it 's just best to ignore it . " The soldiers were identified as Staff Sgt. Andrew J. Van Bockel , Sgt. Adam M. Holcomb , Sgt. Jeffrey T. Hurst and Spc. Thomas P. Curtis . Along with negligent homicide , all four face dereliction of duty , maltreatment , reckless endangerment , among other charges . In all , eight soldiers are facing charges related to Chen 's death . One of the soldiers , Sgt. Travis Carden , will face a court-martial in April , an Army spokesman said . In a similar case last year , three Marines were charged with beating and hazing a fellow Marine , Lance Cpl. Harry Lew , after Lew fell asleep on watch duty . The Marine was beaten and forced to do exercises and dig a hole until the early morning . When the punishment was over , he climbed into the hole he had just dug and shot himself to death , said Rep. Judy Chu of California , Lew 's aunt . One Marine has been sentenced to 30 days in jail and a reduction in rank and two others face a court-martial in that case . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	The case stems from the death of Pvt. Danny Chen Chen was found dead in a guard tower in Afghanistan The soldiers are accused of hazing and abusing Chen , an official says
CNN  -- Snigdha Nandipati , 14 , won the Scripps National Spelling Bee on Thursday night by spelling "  guetapens , " which means an ambush , snare or trap . "  I was just taking it one word at a time , " the eighth-grader from San Diego told CNN on Friday morning . "  I just wanted to get each word right . I did n't really think about winning , really . " She said that properly spelling the winning word , which is derived from French , was not difficult . She had seen the word before and knew it , she said . Nandipati did n't truly register her victory until the confetti started falling , she said . "  I did n't expect to win . There were some very good competitors this year , " she said . In last year 's spelling bee , she tied for 27th place . The agony and ecstasy of the National Spelling Bee Nandipati 's victory in the 13th round came moments after her final challenger , Stuti Mishra of Orlando , also 14 , stumbled over the spelling of "  schwarmerei , " which means excessive , unbridled enthusiasm or attachment . Arvind Mahankali , a 12-year-old seventh-grader from New York City , came in third when he misspelled "  schwannoma , " a tumor of the sheath of a peripheral nerve . According to a tweet from @ScrippsBee , Nandipati studied six hours per day . She was cheered on by her brother , her parents  her father coached her  and her grandparents , who had traveled from India to watch . The contest was held in the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center in National Harbor , Maryland , outside Washington . Nandipati wins $ 30,000 and an engraved trophy from Scripps , a $ 2,500 U.S. savings bond and reference library from Merriam-Webster , a $ 5,000 scholarship from the Sigma Phil Epsilon Educational Foundation and more than $ 2,600 in reference works from Encyclopaedia Britannica . This year 's spelling bee saw the youngest contestant , 6-year-old Lori Anne Madison of Lake Ridge , Virginia . She spelled "  dirigible " with aplomb , but was eliminated Wednesday night when she misspelled "  ingluvies , " which is a pouch used by birds as a receptacle for food . Nicholas Rushlow , a 14-year-old eighth-grader from Lancaster , Ohio , was eliminated when he misspelled "  vetiver , " an aeromatic grass whose especially fragrant root yields an oil used in perfumery and mats in India . Asked what was going through his mind when he heard the word , he said , "  Oh , crap . " It was his fifth and final performance in the contest . Asked what he was going to do with all the time he had previously devoted to spelling , he said , "  I 'm going to have to find a new hobby . "	"  I was just taking it one word at a time , " Snigdha Nandipati says The 14-year-old tied for 27th place in last year 's spelling bee Her victory came moments after her final challenger stumbled over "  schwarmerei "
CNN  -- "  Dear World : My fingers and wrists are sore , for the past few days all I could do was punch the letters on the keyboard ... " These were the words of one Turkish man in Africa who spent days scouring the Internet for news on the Turkish protests that he could share . People from all over Turkey and beyond poured out their feelings after what some say has been a heavy-handed police response to protests in Turkey . CNN alone received more than 1,000 iReports from Turkey in less than a week from Turks compelled to document , protest and demand their voices be heard . The protests began over plans to replace an Istanbul park with a new development , but spread nationwide after a heavy-handed crackdown by police . Erdogan has defended his government 's handling of the protests , saying Friday that the government has "  no problem in terms of democratic demands . " He also acknowledged , again , that police may have used excessive force last week , and said he had ordered an investigation . "  To the Rest of the World : This is the first time in my 30 years that tears well up for what is happening just up the road from where I write these words . ... "  People from all ages and races , all political viewpoints are coming together to fight . Notify your local and national media , and tag them on twitter to make them speak the truth about what is happening . This is ... for humanity , no less , " wrote iReporter "  ateloco " in a post that spread rapidly through social media . Why Taksim Square matters to the Turks Turkey as a nation is quite savvy about social media . At least 2 million tweets with hashtags related to the Turkish protests were sent in just eight hours on May 31 when protests gathered steam , a study by New York University revealed -- around 90 % of them from Turkey . In comparison , Egypt 's main protest hashtag was tweeted less than 1 million times throughout the country 's entire revolutionary period . And those in Turkey like to talk on the issues -- 57 % of those using social network sites say they do so to share their political views -- a far higher percentage than in many European nations , according to the Pew Research Center . The arrest this week of 25 social media users on accusations of spreading false information about demonstrations , according to the country 's semi-official Anadolu Agency news service , has sparked concerns from human rights groups about the right of freedom of expression . But while documenting and disseminating information on the protests can be an arduous task , for many on social media it became a way of holding authorities to account . "  I do n't know when it will end , but I already feel like a robot whose main role is to click the share button on Facebook , " one activist , Istanbul resident Yelin Bilgin , told CNN after days of protests . She described the protests as her moment of "  resurrection . " Although she was n't involved in organizing them , she felt she could help the cause by sharing information . She wants the protests to lead to more self-examination on all sides . "  We should n't stop , but we should act more consciously . We have to write , we have to share our thoughts . " Turkish media in crisis over protests Renc Korzay is not currently living in his homeland , but working for a construction company in the West African nation of Gabon . His heartfelt letter on iReport opened this story and continues : "  I was guilty for letting my friends get gassed and arrested in the name of freedom without me . I was guilty for not being able to keep my colleagues company as they march to Taksim Square straight off work . I was guilty for not being able to give the people my apartment to shelter , my food to eat , my water to drink and my vinegar to ease off the reaction from the chemicals sprayed on their bodies . " He hoped that by writing and collecting information -- even from far away -- he could be of some help . "  I was no longer in Africa and I was no longer guilty . I became a reporter with quotes , cameraman with videos , photographer with images , a 24-hour news channel with everything I posted on social media , " he said . Istanbul writer Arsevi Zeynep Seyran was in the western coastal city of Izmir when protests began . Describing herself as a "  pot and pan hitter " after the noisy protests she recorded one night , her thoughtful essay summed up the energy of the protests for many . If people are silent about the what is happening in Turkey , the protesters "  are afraid that as a society things will go backward , " she said . By shining a spotlight on the situation in the country , she hoped authorities would be less likely to retaliate against those involved in the protests , she said . Ultimately , it may be too soon to tell what effect the protests will have on Turkey , its government and those who flooded the streets of Istanbul , Ankara and other cities . But one thing is certain ; those who have been feverishly tweeting , posting , blogging and documenting will not be inclined to stop any time soon . "  For the first time in a long time , " Seyran said , "  Turkey has much reason for pride . "	More than 1,000 submissions flooded CNN iReport over the Turkey protests Many posts took the form of open letters from protesters keen for their voice to be heard Social media for protesters became a method of documenting and raising awareness
CNN  -- As usual , Professor Paul Krugman 's piece in the Monday morning New York Times is causing a great deal of chatter among the political types . Krugman points out just how inept the Republican field is . In some cases he takes a scalpel  and in others a machete  to surely the weakest field of presidential aspirants any party has offered in modern American history  see my earlier CNN column comparing this field to 1980  . I believe I can explain why this field is so inept . In order to proffer this explanation I am going to utilize Professor Krugman 's field of economics . Hold on : I confess I 've never taken an economics course and if you ask me the relationship between interest rates and bond prices I would have a Herman Cain Libya moment . I could probably get the right answer but it would take me a while . There are some laws of economics that I believe all economists  be they salt , fresh , or brackish water  would agree on . One of these is : The more valuable a thing , the more people will be interested in purchasing that thing . And as Professor Krugman points out in his piece , the 2012 Republican nomination was clearly considered by most observers to be a thing of value . Even the most partisan Democrat -- me for example -- would concede that three months ago the Republicans had an excellent chance to win the presidency . So ask yourself : Why does this thing that appears to have so much value have so many low bidders ? Why did people like Govs. Chris Christie , Mitch Daniels , Haley Barbour , Jeb Bush and Sen. John Thune , all look at this and decide not to raise their paddles ? So here we wind up with the political equivalent of the Hope Diamond going for $ 99.99 . I think that these guys were smart enough to see a big flaw in the process and it is this : The majority of the people in the Republican Party who were going to pick their nominee had been so overwhelmed by misinformation , unworkable simplistic solutions -- e.g. , electrifying border fences -- and anti-science , right-wing pandering , that the potential candidates decided they just could not go through with it . We have watched GOP debates where audience members booed gay soldiers and cheered the prospect of someone dying without health insurance . We 've seen a candidate who was n't penalized in the least for not knowing that China has had nuclear weapons since 1964 but had to drop out because of a consensual sexual relationship . We have seen a member of the House Intelligence Committee who apparently did n't realize that we have n't had an embassy in Iran for the last 30 years , candidates who do n't believe in evolution , and a candidate that did n't even know the voting age in the United States . Maybe Bush , Daniels , Christie , Barbour and Thune figured out ahead of time what Fairleigh Dickinson University uncovered just recently : that people who watch Fox News are actually more ignorant than people who watch no news at all . Could you imagine what they would have found had they studied people listening to talk radio ? Perhaps the Republicans are getting exactly the kind of candidates that best match the intellectual composition of the majority of the people in their party -- just a thought , but it 's my only explanation of our low bidders . Looks like their chance at the presidency is going , going , gone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville says the GOP field for president is very weak and he thinks he knows why He says economics says that if a thing has value , people want it , but few want this job He says good candidates shied away because they could n't take low level of discourse Carville : GOP getting candidates that match intellectual composition of many in the party
"  Harry Potter " actor David Legeno has died , a California sheriff 's office said . The 50-year-old British actor , who played werewolf villain Fenrir Greyback in "  Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince , " and both parts one and two of "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows " died while hiking near Death Valley , California , said the Inyo County Sheriff 's Office . Legeno 's body was discovered by two hikers on Sunday in a remote desert location west of Zabriskie Point and had to be removed by a helicopter , according to a press release from the Inyo County Sheriff 's Department . "  The remains have been identified as David Legeno , a 50-year-old United Kingdom man . It appears that Legeno died of heat related issues , but the Inyo County Coroner will determine the final cause of death . There are no signs of foul play . " Legeno 's other major film credits include "  Snow White and the Huntsman , " and 2005 's "  Batman Begins . " According to the actor 's IMDB page , he had just finished production for "  The Last Knights " starring Morgan Freeman and Clive Owen . According to The Hollywood Reporter Legeno was also an MMA fighter and boxer and lived in southern England with his daughter . Photos : Other Potter characters , then and now Photos : People we 've lost in 2014	He played werewolf villain Fenrir Greyback His body was discovered by hikers Legeno was also an MMA fighter
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- As the Philippines faced a long , grim path to recovery in the wake of Typhoon Haiyan , the storm plowed into northeastern Vietnam early Monday , packing powerful winds and forcing hundreds of thousands to evacuate . Philippine authorities warned that the typhoon may have killed thousands there , leaving behind a trail of devastation on a scale they 'd never seen before . No electricity . No food . No water . Houses and buildings leveled . Bodies scattered on the streets . Hospitals overrun with patients . Medical supplies running out . And a death toll that could soar . The Philippine Red Cross estimates that at least 1,200 people were killed by the storm , but that number could grow as officials make their way to remote areas made nearly inaccessible by Haiyan . Others put the toll much higher : The International Committee of the Red Cross said it 's realistic to estimate that 10,000 people may have died nationally . The grim task of counting the bodies was just beginning Monday as authorities sifted through the rubble of what was left behind in hard-hit cities like Tacloban on the island of Leyte . The official toll stood at 255 Monday , according to the country 's National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . "  I have not spoken to anyone who has not lost someone , a relative close to them . We are looking for as many as we can , " Tacloban Mayor Alfred Romualdez told CNN . Interactive map of the storm ` This is really , really like bad ' Desperately needed aid was making its way into the storm-ravaged city of Tacloban on Monday . C-130 planes arrived , carrying food , water and supplies . Other planes left -- some of them carrying body bags with storm victims . A steady stream of typhoon survivors arrived at Tacloban airport , looking for food , water and escape . Magina Fernandez was among them . She had lost her home and business . And she was desperate to leave on the next military plane . She made an anguished plea for help . "  Get international help to come here now -- not tomorrow , now , " she said . "  This is really , really like bad , bad , worse than hell , worse than hell . " She directed some of her anger at Philippines President Benigno Aquino III , who on Sunday toured some of the areas hit hardest by the typhoon , including Tacloban . Many of the people in the city , population 200,000 , are angry at the authorities ' slow response to the disaster . Aquino said there was a breakdown , especially at the local government level . "  They are necessary first responders , and too many of them were also affected and did not report for work , " he explained , saying that contributed to the slow delivery . Aquino said the government will coordinate with the local units and put more people to work . Supplies become scarce In Tacloban , the search for food and water led to increasingly desperate efforts . Video showed people breaking into grocery stores and cash machines in the city . National police and the military sent reinforcements to the city Sunday to prevent such thefts . And authorities said they were sending several hundred additional security personnel into the city to keep law and order . Another dire scene played out in the city 's only functioning hospital . Doctors could n't admit any more wounded victims -- there was n't enough room . Some of the injured lay in the hospital 's cramped hallways seeking treatment . "  We have n't anything left to help people with , " one of the doctors said . "  We have to get supplies in immediately . " Complicating the search efforts is the lack of electricity in many parts of the storm 's path . The northern part of Bogo , in the central Philippines , suffered a blackout Sunday , and authorities said it will take months to restore power . Crews search for victims , survivors Romualdez , Tacloban 's mayor , told CNN that reports 10,000 people may have died in Leyte province were "  entirely possible . " "  People here were convinced that it looked like a tsunami , " he said . The International Committee of the Red Cross said it is fairly realistic to estimate that 10,000 people may have died nationally , because many areas are unreachable by organizations . "  In the western islands of Philippines , for instance , no one can evaluate the casualties , " said ICRC spokesman David Pierre Marquet . "  It could effectively be a number close to 10,000 , " Marquet told CNN . "  But the notion that 10,000 people are dead in Tacloban alone is not possible . " Aid groups struggle to reach those suffering The UN 's World Food Programme is setting up logistic pipelines to transport food and other relief items . "  The main challenges right now are related to logistics , " said WFP representative Praveen Agrawal , who returned to Manila from the affected areas on Sunday . "  Roads are blocked , airports are destroyed . " Interactive map of the storm WFP spokeswoman Bettina Luescher said the U.N. group was gearing up its global resources to send enough food to feed 120,000 people . "  These high-energy biscuits will keep them alive , " she said . Luescher pleaded for financial support from the international community and directed those wishing to donate to wfp.org/typhoon . "  Those are families like you and me , and they just need our help right now , " she said . Philippines gets more than its share of disasters Typhoon makes landfall in Vietnam The massive losses in the Philippines have put much of Vietnam on edge . Authorities evacuated around 600,000 people from vulnerable areas as the typhoon neared , the Vietnamese government 's official online newspaper VGP News reported . Haiyan made landfall around 4 a.m. Monday  4 p.m. Sunday ET  with sustained winds of 120 kph  75 mph  and gusts of 150 kph  93 mph  . At least six people were initially reported to have died as a result of the storm , according to VGP . The storm had weakened by the time it hit Vietnam , and it was downgraded to a tropical storm after making landfall . But it 's still expected to cause heavy rain and flooding in northern Vietnam and southern China . Tropical cyclones with sustained surface winds of 74 mph or more are known as typhoons when they form west of the international date line . East of the line , they 're known as hurricanes . An enormous blow Haiyan may be the strongest tropical cyclone in recorded history , but meteorologists said it will take further analysis to confirm whether it set a record . The typhoon was 3.5 times more forceful than Hurricane Katrina , which hit the United States 2005 . It was n't the storm 's 250-kph  155-mph  gusts that caused most of the damage -- it was a mammoth storm surge that reached up to 5 meters  16 feet  high . "  This disaster on such a scale will probably have us working for the next year , " said Sandra Bulling , international communications officer for the aid agency CARE . "  Fishermen have lost their boats . Crops are devastated . This is really the basic income of many people . " Andrew Stevens and Paula Hancocks reported from Tacloban ; Holly Yan and Chandrika Narayan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout , Melissa Le Fevre , Aliza Kassim , Kevin Wang , Jessica King , Judy Kwon , Pedram Javaheri , Tom Watkins , David Simpson , Elwyn Lopez , Michael Martinez , Neda Farshbaf and Yousuf Basil also contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 6 people have died in Vietnam as a result of the storm , state media report NEW : Typhoon Haiyan weakens to become a tropical storm after hitting Vietnam International Red Cross : Realistic to estimate 10,000 people dead across Philippines President Aquino tours Tacloban City , where survivors are angry at slow response
CNN  -- Gregg Looney is one for tradition . Although he and his buddies did n't catch anything at all during a fishing trip last summer , he had so much fun they all decided to do it again this year . So last week the Dracut , Massachusetts , native and his four longtime friends set out for an entire day fishing off the coast of Cape Cod . What a difference a year makes . After dropping anchor a few miles off of Provincetown at around 8 a.m. , Gregg baited his first hook of the day . "  And then all of the sudden , Boom ! " Gregg told CNN . That boom was a 920-pound Bluefin tuna on the other end of his line . "  It dragged us around the ocean for three hours " he said . "  We had to cut the anchor ! " It took the strength of all of them -- rotating every 15 or 20 minutes -- to reel it in . After the 9-foot-long tuna was taken back to the dock , it was cleaned , stripped of the bones and was sold for $ 4,000 . It was enough tuna to fill nearly 2,000 of the 5-ounce cans sold in the grocery store . Will the gang do it again next summer ? "  You bet " Looney says . "  In the same spot , on the same day , at the same time , on same boat , with same crew , and I 'm even going to use the same hook "	Gregg Looney and some pals went fishing off the coast of Massachusetts last week It took them three hours to reel in the huge Bluefin The 9-foot-long fish sold for $ 4,000
CNN  -- There were headlines when one of Tesla 's Model S electric cars caught fire in late October after the battery case was pierced by a piece of road debris . There were bigger headlines , and much speculation , when within six weeks , a second and then a third Model S fire occurred in the wake of accidents . The fires are regrettable and must be investigated . No one is suggesting otherwise . We all need to know whether there 's a flaw in the Model S that must be corrected . But to use these incidents to question the viability of Tesla as a company is wrong . This is a company that has achieved the remarkable in launching a new automobile , a new propulsion technology and a new automobile manufacturing enterprise in just a few short years and against very long odds . Tesla 's brilliant but often blustery chairman , Elon Musk , quickly came to the defense of his company 's groundbreaking vehicle , going so far as to claim that Tesla asked the government to investigate the cause of the fires -- a claim that National Highway Traffic Safety Agency Administrator David Strickland disputes . NHTSA is investigating , Strickland said , but the agency made that decision on its own , with no request from the automaker . News about the fires has been overtaken by the announcement of NHTSA 's investigation , the squabble between Musk and Strickland and the tumble in the price of Tesla 's stock as investors began distancing themselves from a company that until those three fires had been a Wall Street darling . The whole thing is a shame . This has become much more than a query into a very few vehicle fires . Electric cars have been politicized and many are taking the Tesla fires as a sign that electric vehicles are too new , too different and too dangerous to be allowed on our roads . Additionally , some in the investment community and a few politicians critical of Tesla and other electric vehicle developers for using government loans have made the fires a referendum on Tesla itself .  Tesla , which received loans from the Department of Energy 's new technology program , repaid its loans nine years early . Tesla has won the backing of two big players , Toyota and Daimler , which have ownership stakes in the company . Whether it remains independent or eventually is absorbed by another carmaker , it is unlikely to end up on the scrap heap . It may transpire that Tesla needs to redesign its cars -- or at least the location or shielding of the batteries -- in order to help prevent further fires . But to turn that into an indictment of electric vehicles in general would be wrong as well . The two Tesla fires in the United States occurred when their battery cases were pierced by metal objects struck when the vehicles were moving at high speeds . The third fire , in Mexico , occurred when a speeding driver lost control and hit a stone wall . Yet while a Tesla 's battery is directly beneath the car 's passenger cabin , the flames were channeled to the front , where an engine would be if Teslas had gas engines . This is part of the Model S safety design . The passenger cabins did n't burn . The cars ' safety systems warned the drivers to pull over and get out because something was amiss . The same type of accident involving a conventional gasoline-fueled vehicle might not have resulted in a fire . But think of the damage a hefty metal trailer hitch or length of scrap iron could do after piercing a conventional vehicle 's relatively thin floor and entering the passenger cabin . It 's not a pretty picture . The location of the Tesla 's battery pack may well have saved one or both drivers from terrible injury in the road debris incidents , even though the cars burned . Meantime , a typical conventional car with 15 gallons of gas on board carries the explosive power of 210 sticks of dynamite . But most of us drive around all day long blissfully ignoring that deadly potential . Gasoline is the devil we know , and familiarity lets us overlook its flaws . Electric cars , though , are new and different and challenge the status quo . That makes them a target for suspicion and for criticism . We are not comfortable with things we do n't know . We wo n't know until NHTSA completes its investigation whether the design of the Model S is inadequate . We should wait until then before contemplating obituaries -- for Tesla or for the electric vehicle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John O'Dell .	Tesla 's Model S electric cars have caught fire three times in recent months John O'Dell : We need to know whether there 's a flaw that needs to be corrected But it 's wrong to use this to question viability of the company or electric cars , he says O'Dell : Electric cars are new and different , but they should n't be target for suspicion
Beijing , China  CNN  -- A Chinese millionaire 's $ 8,888,888 gift to Yale University has impressed and provoked his countrymen . Lei Zhang 's donation will help pay for a new School of Management campus at Yale and a new auditorium there will bear his name , the school announced last week . He received a master 's degree in business from the school in 2002 . The gift is the largest ever pledged to the management school . The dollar amount is based on the number eight , which Chinese regard as lucky . Reactions to Lei 's gift have ranged from obscenity-laced rants to understanding , according to translated forum comments on chinaSMACK , an aggregator of stories on China 's Internet . "  Traitor , were you born with the knowledge you had before going to America ? " one poster asked . "  Why not donate the money to those in China who can not afford to go to school , the impoverished areas who can not afford to build schools ? " another wrote before calling Lei a "  double-crossing bastard . " Others defended Lei 's gift . "  Yale helped him achieve his current career and he is gratefully repaying them , we should be pleased , " a blogger wrote . "  From an objective perspective , who others donate their money to is their personal business , and there is no reason they must donate to China , " another wrote . Part of Lei 's gift will help provide scholarships for Chinese students in the International Relations Program at the school 's new Jackson Institute of Global Affairs , Yale said in a statement . The money also will support China-related activities at the university , including a program in cooperation with China 's Ministry of Education to train Chinese university presidents . A poll question on chinaSMACK asked : "  What do you think about Chinese graduates donating large sums of money to Yale ? " Of the nearly 45,000 votes that the Web site said it attracted , nearly 49 percent indicated that there is nothing wrong with Lei 's gift , while 39.5 percent indicated that he should have first donated money to his own country 's education . More than 11 percent were undecided . Lei is the founder and managing partner of Hillhouse Capital Management , a Beijing-based investment fund overseeing an estimated $ 2.5 billion .	Gift is the largest ever pledged to Yale 's management school Part of Lei 's gift will help provide scholarships for Chinese students , Yale says Nearly 49 percent of votes indicated there is nothing wrong with Lei 's gift
CNN  -- Robert Molnar has a vision : an ocean race from New York to the Canadian Pacific city of Victoria , via the Arctic . "  Because of climate change , we can do this race , " Molnar told CNN . He pictures oceangoing sailboats hugging the Atlantic coast up through Halifax to western Greenland , then heading west through the Northwest Passage to Tuktoyaktuk on Canada 's Arctic coastline , before rounding Alaska to Dutch Harbor and , at last , Victoria . In 2017 , Molnar plans to make this a reality in the form of the Sailing the Arctic Race , or STAR . "  The Arctic is the big attraction . There is a romanticism about it , " says the 66-year-old , who spent decades working in advertising while nursing his passion for sailing . "  Crossing the Atlantic has been done so many times , going around the world this way , that way . "  Crossing the Arctic by sail ? That 's only been done by a few people , and only six people have done it twice , " he claims . "  More people have been on the moon . " In the age of sail , the Arctic Ocean took hundreds of lives as explorers fought to navigate and conquer a vast , deadly stretch of water littered with sea ice and rocks . Earlier this week , Canadian authorities announced the discovery of a wreck from one of the most celebrated early , doomed voyages -- Sir John Franklin 's 1845 expedition , during which all 129 crew members died . Sea ice conditions are much more favorable to shipping in the 21st century , and that makes Molnar confident his race can work . "  My job is , number one , safety , " he insists . "  I do n't want anyone to get hurt . "  The race is n't easy because of the climate , the ice , but we can take care of that . Our route is designed with the recommendations of people who were captains there all their lives , looking over our shoulder . "  But it is dangerous . It is definitely an extreme sport . " Extreme sailing is a major industry with the Volvo Ocean Race , a round-the-world event lasting nine months , one of the sport 's signature contests . Molnar tells CNN he has Volvo Ocean Race participants prepared to take part in the inaugural race through the Northwest Passage , scheduled to begin in June 2017 and end in late September or early October . "  We already have more people willing to attend than there are spaces for boats , " he adds . "  I want to go with 20 to 25 boats and the good thing is we have so many people wanting to go . "  That means we can pick who is the best-financed and who is the most experienced and , by doing so , we reduce the danger of trouble . " Richard Haworth , director of High Latitudes -- a company working with yachts to guide them through remote Arctic waters -- has reservations about the concept of an Arctic sailing race . "  All the races in the Southern Ocean currently , interestingly , have waypoints which keep them away from the main danger of icebergs , " notes Haworth . "  This race , clearly , wo n't be able to do that . So that 's a different safety philosophy . "  It 's doable , but it will persuade people to push the limits a bit more . One of the things you do n't do when you go up there is push the limits . "  You have to understand there is not so much help and assistance around . I would be surprised if that race happened without someone pushing the limits a bit too far and needing some assistance . Sooner or later , the Canadian authorities are going to get upset . " Mario Pelletier represents those authorities . As assistant commissioner of the Canadian Coast Guard , he shares Haworth 's concerns . Pelletier is currently overseeing an intense and tricky Arctic shipping season which has forced a number of vessels to abandon planned crossings of the Northwest Passage . In his opinion , even planning a race three years from now is ambitious . "  If we 're talking the Northwest Passage , the ice conditions we 're seeing -- with multi-year ice coming down from the high Arctic -- it would be a huge challenge for 2017 , " says Pelletier . "  It 's certainly not something , with the conditions we see today , that is likely to happen . And that is the first I 've heard of it . " Molnar dismisses the suggestion his race will not go ahead , claiming the contested ownership of high Arctic waters is providing the political clout to push the event forward . "  It will happen , 110 % , " he says . "  There is no way around it . The support is surreal , I 'm astonished . There is a lot of political will to make this happen . "  Canada wants to say , ` the Northwest Passage belongs to us . ' There is a reason the Canadian prime minister , Stephen Harper , was just there . He wants to make sure this is part of Canada . "  We will do that without the military . We will do that with sport . " The project is self-financed for now , though Molnar adds "  quite a bit of federal , provincial and local sponsorship " has been secured . His ultimate ambition , he says , is for the race to educate the world about the fragility of the Arctic . STAR 's plans call for children at each stopover destination on the race route to engage in up to six months of related schoolwork prior to the race 's visit , culminating in presentations to local political and industry leaders . "  This is almost the most important part of the race , " says Molnar . "  The kids can tell those leaders they are messing stuff up now , big time . They are drilling , they are fracking , they are breaking stuff . Those kids do n't want to clean that up . "  The kids will put propositions on the table for alternatives , under huge scrutiny , presented to the whole world . "  I do n't think we will save the planet , but we can show people how beautiful this place is -- and just do n't mess it up . If you go there , go there gently . "	Sailing race planned from New York to Victoria , Canada via Northwest Passage Inaugural race planned for summer of 2017 but coast guard has concerns Organizer says race will educate world and help Canada 's claim to high Arctic waters
CNN  -- Editor 's note : Pete Cashmore is founder and CEO of Mashable , a popular blog about social media . He is writing a weekly column about social networking and tech for CNN.com . Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg told ABC 's Diane Sawyer this week that Facebook would "  definitely think about " adding a Dislike button to the site , allowing users to express distaste for updates or pages on Facebook . But Zuckerberg is just humoring us : Facebook will never add a Dislike button , regardless of users ' demands . Here 's why : Demand for the dislike button There 's certainly some demand for dislikes . In answer to Sawyer 's question on whether a Dislike button would be considered , Zuckerberg replied : "  We listen to all the user suggestions and it 's something that we 've thought about . You know , people like the Like button so much ... I du n no , it 's something that we would definitely think about . People definitely seem to want it . " A Facebook group for the concept has nearly 3.2 million fans , while there are at least two unofficial extensions for the Firefox browser -- FaceMod and Facebook Dislike -- that claim to add a Dislike button for those users who install them . Those clamoring for a "  thumbs down " option seem to fall into two camps . For some , "  Liking " tragic news seems inappropriate -- and yet Facebook does offer a "  Share " option on its own site , while third party sites can opt to use a "  Recommend " button instead . Others simply want to express distaste for a page or news update -- this is a move Facebook will never make , however , because it does n't align with the company 's interests . The role of the Like button The Like button serves numerous purposes for Facebook . One obvious benefit is that it lowers the psychological barrier to connecting with commercial entities on the site -- while previously users could "  Become a Fan " of a brand , they now imply "  Like " that brand 's page , resulting in higher engagement . Another is that it increases clicks for web publishers : Facebook users are more inclined to "  Like " a news article than they are to hit a "  Share " button . A third benefit : Facebook aims to connect people who share similar interests . Like buttons result in more connections , which creates more value . Downside of Dislike buttons A Dislike button provides none of these benefits . In fact it would create significant tension between Facebook , brands , and web publishers . Imagine if Facebook users could not only choose to "  Like " Coca-Cola , but were also provided the option to "  Dislike " the brand . Would Facebook become a more appealing place for brands to spend their marketing budgets and ad dollars ... or a less appealing one ? Now imagine that websites could add "  Dislike " buttons to their pages . Would web publishers rush to add this option , desperate for the negative feedback from their visitors ? Hardly . And what about Facebook 's mission to "  make the world more open and connected " ? While Like buttons connect Facebook users to their interests , Dislike buttons serve no such purpose . Like buttons are about connection ; Dislike buttons are about division . In short , Facebook will never add a Dislike button because it would damage the company 's relationships with brands , businesses and web publishers -- these groups are essential for building both web traffic and ad revenue . Like it or not , Dislike buttons are n't coming to Facebook anytime soon . ยฉ 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	A Facebook group for the concept has nearly 3.2 million fans Like buttons result in more connections , which creates more value Dislike buttons would create tension between Facebook , brands , web publishers
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- It so rarely snows in Mobile , Alabama , that the city 's public works department does n't bother keeping road salt on hand . So with 2 to 4 inches of snow expected to fall there starting Thursday afternoon , road crews were filling trucks with the sand that 's typically reserved for filling cave-ins and for sandbagging during floods . "  We do n't know what to do , " said John Windley , Mobile 's superintendent of public works . "  We just tell everybody to stay home . " As forecasters predict up to 8 inches of snow across a swath of the Southeast that has n't seen more than an inch of snow in at least a decade -- including parts of Alabama , Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi -- public officials are reacting with a mix of trepidation and helplessness . Hundreds of flights into and out of Atlanta have been canceled for Friday as snow bears down on the area . Texas struggles ; East starts to dig out Delta Air Lines canceled about 800 flights into and out of Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson Airport , and AirTran Airways canceled 32 flights ahead of the storm , according to representatives of the airlines . Downtown Atlanta could get as much as 5 inches of snow Friday , beginning at mid-morning , according to CNN weather modeling . Many residents of the Deep South , meanwhile , are expressing disbelief . "  I 'm dubious , " said John Hogan , a college professor who 's planning to lead a Mardi Gras parade in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , Friday night despite forecasts of up to 2 inches of snow and ice there . "  It snows here once every 15 years , so what 's the likelihood ? " John DeMiller , owner of the Petit Bois Grocery in Biloxi , Mississippi , was also skeptical . iReport : Share your winter weather pictures , stories "  To be honest , we do n't believe it 's going to snow , " he said . "  It just never does . " Yet it was already snowing in parts of the South by Thursday afternoon and forecasters were calling for more to come . The storm system moving across the Deep South in the next few days will bring 3 to 6 inches of snow to Jackson , Mississippi , up to 2 inches to Biloxi , Mississippi and 2 to 4 inches to Mobile , Alabama , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . "  These are cities that rarely see a flake all winter long , " he said . With most of the accumulation expected overnight , school and workplaces across the region are bracing for closures Friday . Because temperatures are expected to rise into the 30s and 40s across much of the South on Friday , road crews are worried about melting and refreezing on roads over the next couple of days . A representative of the Federal Aviation Administration said the agency is too focused on responding to the double-punch of Northeast snow to say how the expected Southern snow would affect travel in the region . But by Thursday night , Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport had already measured a snowfall of 9.4 inches , which broke the record of 7.8 inches set on January 14 , 1917 , and matched on January 15 , 1964 , the National Weather Service reported . In Shreveport , Louisiana , where snow had been falling since dawn , the staff at the Naked Bean Cafe said it had only six customers by noon , down from around 30 on a typical day .	Forecasters predict up to 8 inches of snow across a swath of the Southeast Hundreds of flights at Atlanta airport canceled because of forecast Many in South not used to seeing much snow skeptical about forecast Dallas/Fort Worth airport already has received more than 9 inches of snow
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Actor Dennis Quaid told lawmakers Wednesday how his newborn twins came close to death after an overdose of blood-thinning medication , the fault of a drug company that did not recall easily confused bottles despite previous problems , he said . Actor Dennis Quaid says that what is happening in the nation 's courts "  is no fiction . " The incident occurred last year at a Los Angeles , California , hospital , Quaid told members of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . In The actor also said the "  infants nearly died because of a drug company 's failure to put safety first . " The panel 's hearing focused on the issue of "  pre-emption , " under which FDA approval guarantees immunity for drug companies against state lawsuits , because federal law supersedes state law . The Supreme Court is mulling the issue in a Vermont case . Oral arguments are expected in early October . "  I am in the entertainment industry , but what happened to us , and what is happening in the courts of our country , is no fiction , " Quaid said in a statement prepared for members of the House panel . "  It is all too real . That is why I have decided to speak out and do something . " Watch Quaid say "  Baxter 's negligence was an accident waiting to happen " " The actor 's actual statement was abridged , as he and other witnesses were given a five-minute time limit on remarks . Committee Chairman Henry Waxman , D-California , said , "  This is exactly the wrong time for the FDA to say , ` Trust us . ' As a result of chronic underfunding and weak leadership , FDA 's ability to protect the public is plummeting . " He said the agency has believed that state liability helped the agency regulate drugs and devices but has changed its stance under the Bush administration . In response to Quaid 's testimony , the company that made the drugs involved -- Baxter Healthcare -- issued a statement saying human error was to blame , noting that the finding was supported by the California Department of Public Health . In November , Quaid 's 12-day-old twins , Thomas Boone and Zoe Grace , were undergoing intravenous antibiotic treatment for a staph infection at Los Angeles ' Cedars-Sinai Hospital . According to standard procedure , nurses were supposed to clean the infants ' IV lines with Hep-Lock , a drug containing a very small dose of the blood thinner heparin , to allow the lines to flow freely . However , instead of the 10 units of heparin they were supposed to receive , the twins received 10,000 units , 1,000 times the prescribed amount . The babies survived , apparently with no permanent injury , Quaid told members of Congress , although no one knows whether they will show any long-term effects . The actor grew emotional as he recalled a 41-hour ordeal in which his infants ' blood was the consistency of water and their bodies bore bruises from internal bleeding . "  It made me feel that they had survived for a reason ... that maybe they were going to change the world in a little way , " he said . In researching the incident , Quaid told lawmakers he found that the bottles of 10-unit Hep-Lock and 10,000-unit heparin were "  virtually indistinguishable . " Both drugs are manufactured by Baxter Healthcare . He also learned that the labels ' similarity led to an overdose of infants at an Indianapolis , Indiana , hospital in 2006 . Three babies died and three were injured . Four months after that incident , he said , Baxter sent a warning to hospitals regarding the potential for mistakes . Seven months after that , Baxter received permission to change the labels . However , Quaid said , Baxter failed to recall the previous bottles that were in hospitals . "  They recall automobiles ; they recall toasters ; they even recall dog food , " Quaid said . "  Although mistakes did occur at Cedars , the overdosing of our twins was a chain of events of human error -- and the first link in that chain was Baxter . " Baxter , meanwhile , said in its statement that its heparin vials "  have been used safely more than 100,000 times a day , a fact that contradicts the implication that two of the company 's vials are indistinguishable . "  The two hospitals where tragic errors occurred with Baxter 's heparin products reported that these were isolated events resulting from a system failure in the hospital along with human and procedural errors , such as not reading the label . " Quaid and his wife , Kimberly , have filed suit against Baxter in state court . The drug company has filed a motion to dismiss the case , relying on the pre-emption argument , Quaid said . Baxter spokeswoman Erin Gardner said in the statement that the company did not recall the vials because the medication errors were not related to the safety or efficacy of the product , and "  Baxter 's vials , even before the label enhancement , were better differentiated than other heparin products on the market . " The company said it contacted the Quaids ' attorney in March to ask whether the couple would partner with them and medication safety experts on a program aimed at reducing medication errors but had not received a response . "  Baxter is hopeful that it can resolve this litigation and partner together with the Quaids for the beneffit of clinicians and patients rather than continue to litigate this matter in the courts , " the statement said .	Actor testifies before House committee on newborn twins ' brush with death The newborns were given 1,000 times the normal dose of a blood thinner Quaid says pharmaceutical companies must be held accountable through lawsuits Baxter Healthcare said the incident resulted from human error
Sunset  -- The old warehouses of Portland 's Pearl District are home to increasingly cool cultural diversions . Spend a weekend browsing the neighborhood 's art galleries , snack on a pumpkin-pie cupcake and enjoy dinner and a show . The Gerding Theater at the Armory has been transformed after its $ 36 million eco-renovation . Take it home If prices in the Pearl 's posh galleries put a damper on your holiday gift giving , head to the Pacific Northwest College of Art for its annual student-art sale . Future famous artists sell surprisingly sophisticated gifts reflecting their fields of study : one-of-a-kind monotypes and screen-printed cards , jewelry with semiprecious stones , gorgeous oil paintings and thought-provoking metal sculptures . Catch a show The once-vacant , castlelike Gerding Theater at the Armory has been transformed after its $ 36 million eco-renovation . For people-watching , sip wine in the loft overlooking the lobby , then settle in for Portland Center Stage 's one-man play "  R. Buckminster Fuller : The History  and Mystery  of the Universe . " Sunset.com : Life in the Pearl One-stop gallery hop Who cares if it 's raining when you have the DeSoto Building/Museum of Contemporary Craft -- four fine art galleries and an innovative museum under one roof ? Hit the museum 's Holiday Shoppe  December 3-January 4  for funky felt rings and handcrafted ornaments . Great Pearl eats Wild rice-smoked duck breast is steps from the Gerding Theater at Ten 01 . Or try Isabel ; we like the brown rice and tofu bowl with peanut sauce . Then there 's 50 Plates , a casual bistro serving all-American classics . Sunset.com : Green in Portland A twist on pumpkin pie Warm up for T-Day with a luscious pumpkin pie cupcake filled with pumpkin cream at Cupcake Jones , a grab-and-go bakery .  Then place your order for Thanksgiving dessert . WANT MORE ENTERTAINMENT ?  Portland 's got it For budding theater buffs Kids will eat up the juicy Oregon Children 's Theatre production of Roald Dahl 's classic "  James and the Giant Peach , " while you 'll get a kick out of the high-flying special effects and dry humor . For small-stage premieres See classics and local playwrights ' works on one of Artists Repertory Theatre 's two intimate stages . Get some comic relief during the hectic holidays with Marc Acito and C.S. Witcomb 's "  Holidazed , " a humorous look at modern families coping with old-fashioned Christmas traditions . For indie-film fans The Northwest Film Center presents themed series , retrospectives and annual film festivals . The Portland International Film Festival , held in February , features nearly 100 films from more than 30 countries . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2008 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Check out Pacific Northwest College of Art 's annual student art sale Settle in to watch a play at the renovated Gerding Theater at the Armory Stop for dinner at 50 Plates , a casual bistro serving all-American classics
Vardzia , Georgia  CNN  -- In an isolated mountain valley on the southern edge of the former Soviet Union stands a cliff honey-combed with caves . This is Vardzia -- a cave monastery built in the 12th century by Georgian kings and queens . In the 800 years since its construction , Vardzia has been destroyed by an earthquake and further damaged by invading armies . In the final days of winter , when snow coats the surrounding peaks , the caves look all but deserted . But Vardzia does have several permanent residents : seven Orthodox monks who have become the de-facto guardians of this ancient site . They live much like their ancestors did , in spartan cave dwellings on the side of the cliff . They draw their water from a spring deep within the mountain that is only accessible via a series of tunnels . The well is called "  Tamar 's Tears , " after Queen Tamar , who completed construction of Vardzia eight centuries ago after the death of her father King Giorgi . Uncorking Georgia 's wine heritage One of the monks who lives in the cliff is Father Lazar . He roams the tunnels and staircases that hug the cliff-side , dressed in flowing black robes . Though he is only 28 , his thick beard and pony-tail make him look far older . "  It puts joy in my heart to live here , " the priest says , as he looks out of the doorway of his incense-scented cave at the rushing river below , where he sometimes fishes for trout . "  In the winter this is a quiet place . The frost sets in and the trees die . It is a holy place . A spiritual place . " In fact , Father Lazar says aside from the monks , the only other people who live in this valley , are the nuns who inhabit a small convent beyond a bend in the river . Speaking a mixture of Georgian , Russian and English , the monk takes visitors on a small tour of the complex , pointing out the remnants of an irrigation system that once provided water to up to 30,000 residents . He also shows Vardzia 's crown jewels : two cave chapels whose domed ceilings are hewn directly out of the rock . The domes are coated with ornate , icons , from the 8th century , depicting saints , Georgian royalty , and the dog-shaped demons that await the damned on Judgment Day . In the summer , the monks endure a different kind of torment which disturbs their ascetic mountain life : tourists . "  For the priests , it is not very good because they make a lot of noise , " Father Lazar says . "  Different kinds of tourists come here , some of them yell a lot and run around here and there . They holler . " Vardzia has long been a tourist destination for hardy tourists willing to brave hours of driving down pot-holed mountain roads . But road crews are now re-paving the road - and there are big plans to further develop this quiet corner of Georgia . "  Visitors to Georgia are going to Vardzia and there is no infrastructure there at all , " says Tengiz Bendukidze , an executive with Rakeen , an Emirati real estate development company . "  That 's why Rakeen is going to invest up to 20 million dollars . And we are going to build a 4-star hotel and villas also . " There are big hopes that through tourism , Georgia can overcome the chaos and conflict of nearly two decades of post-Soviet independence . In years gone by , this small Caucasus country was a prize destination , due to its unique combination of rich cuisine , ancient mountain-top monasteries , Black Sea coast line and full-throated polyphonic choral music . "  During the Soviet era , Georgia was the number one tourist attraction for almost all the Soviet Union , " said Nika Gilauri , the prime minister of Georgia , in an interview with CNN . "  We are getting back now this title for the region . " Executives at Rakeen say they are still working out the final concept of the new Vardzia hotel project . "  The main attraction is the caves . The cave city . And also we 'll include -LSB- a -RSB- service package like hunting , rafting , camping and stuff like that , " says Bendukidze . The new hotel is expected to be constructed on a hillside directly across the river from the cave complex , on a patch of territory that was occupied by a Soviet-era hotel until it was demolished a few years ago . Father Lazar has little positive to say about the old communist hotel ... or its capitalist replacement . "  It 's a bad idea to build a big hotel right there , directly across from Vardzia , " he says . "  If there 's going to be a bar or a night club there , then that 's also not good . " But , he concedes , the tourists will probably appreciate the view .	Vardzia is an isolated mountain valley , home to a 12th century cave monastery In 800 years it 's been destroyed by an earthquake and damaged by invading armies It looks deserted , but the caves have some dedicated residents : seven Orthodox monks Tourists boost the local economy , but they are also disturbing the monks ' way of life
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- CNN White House correspondent Suzanne Malveaux has covered the Bush administration for six years . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux shares a light moment with President Bush during his final press conference Monday . As always , she was in the room Monday when Bush held his final press conference , an almost hourlong event in which the president answered questions about current issues and reflected on his eight years in office . Here Malveaux reflects on her time covering the Bush administration and on the final White House press conference , which she described as "  raw , " "  fascinating " and "  bizarre . " Q : How do you compare this to previous briefings ? Malveaux : This was an extraordinary press conference . It took the president a little time to warm up . He called on me third . About two questions after that , he embraced this different kind of mood and revealed things about himself that he did n't before . Watch Bush talk about his respect for the press " We 'd heard a bit about his misgivings before , but we did n't expect to hear about his disappointments -- "  Sometimes the biggest disappointments will come from your so-called friends . " At times he looked directly at me , other times away , in flashes of rage . And occasionally he turned to all of us pleading with an expression for understanding , empathy . He raised his voice when it was suggested that he was alone , insisting that he never felt the burden of the office : "  I believe this -- the phrase ` burdens of the office ' is overstated , " he said . But at other points he reflected on the weight of the job : "  You never escape the presidency . It travels with you wherever you go . " When he was discussing Iraq , he was almost yelling , defending his administration . He was using gestures , leaning forward on the podium , his finger raised in the air . It was dramatic . Q : What was it like in the room ? A : You saw at times a defiant President Bush as well as ultimately reflective in some ways . We know he regretted the "  Mission Accomplished " banner on the aircraft carrier . But we heard some new details about how he had some regrets that Air Force One flew over New Orleans at that critical time when the city was under water during Katrina , as opposed to landing . He said he was wary of taking away law enforcement and rescue resources on the ground . But later in the press conference he was defiant about Hurricane Katrina , telling us : "  Do n't tell me the federal response was slow when there was 30,000 people pulled off roofs right after the storm passed . " Watch Bush defend the response to Katrina " It was from there the president shifted to the president-elect . He discussed the fact that many people never thought they 'd see the day when a black man would become the president , and it spoke volumes about the progress the country 's made with race . At that time , he seemed misty-eyed . Q : Were you surprised at how candid the president was ? A : This is certainly the most open he has been about some of the failures of his administration . You know , what was interesting , he took us back to the time of September 11 in a very emotional and strident way . He said -- remember those times when they had those tough questions , why did n't you put the dots together ? It was almost as if he felt like he could n't win either way . But at the same time , he said self-pity was pathetic and it was n't something he was going to engage in . It was a very interesting look at President Bush grappling with all of these different things -- the successes as well as the failures . You get a sense here that he is looking at his legacy , that he 's trying to come to terms with some of the things he did , his role in all of this . Q : Was there any one moment that stood out to you ? A : He was most defiant when he talked about what he believes are the threats , potential threats against the United States . You could see him becoming emotional -- that this is something the future president is going to have to deal with , that he is going to have face . Every single time he went back to the threat out there , it seemed he wanted to reveal more , and would wish Barack Obama the best . At times , Bush seemed to be speaking directly to the president-elect : "  He 'll get in the Oval Office , and there will be a lot of people that are real critical and harsh , and he 'll be disappointed at times by the tone of the rhetoric . " Watch how Bush and Obama are working out the shift of power " Q : The president ribbed you about the pronunciation of your name because it 's French , even jokingly saying you can call him "  Georges . " But he finally got your name right . A : Yes , you could say the president and I have had an ongoing standoff for years now . When I first met the president , he called me Suzanne -LSB- said : Sue-zan -RSB- , and I initially corrected him : "  It 's Suzanne . Rhymes with John . " The president would blame it on his Texas accent . Actually , the first time he got it right was years ago on a trip to India and Pakistan . I remember feeling shocked . Sometimes I thought he intentionally called me "  Sue-zan , " if he was angry with my questions . Q : Any other surprises about this press conference ? A : He did n't call on Helen Thomas , who is widely viewed as the dean of the White House press corps . She 's been critical of President Bush and been covering presidents since Kennedy . She was out there , front row center with her hand raised .	CNN White House correspondent Suzanne Malveaux reflects on covering president President Bush reveals more of his feelings about job than ever before , she says President most emotional over potential threats to United States , Malveaux says
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A high court in northern India on Friday acquitted a wealthy businessman facing the death sentence for the killing of a teen in a case dubbed "  the house of horrors . " Moninder Singh Pandher was sentenced to death by a lower court in February . The teen was one of 19 victims -- children and young women -- in one of the most gruesome serial killings in India in recent years . The Allahabad high court has acquitted Moninder Singh Pandher , his lawyer Sikandar B. Kochar told CNN . Pandher and his domestic employee Surinder Koli were sentenced to death in February by a lower court for the rape and murder of the 14-year-old . The high court upheld Koli 's death sentence , Kochar said . The two were arrested two years ago after body parts packed in plastic bags were found near their home in Noida , a New Delhi suburb . Their home was later dubbed a "  house of horrors " by the Indian media . Pandher was not named a main suspect by investigators initially , but was summoned as co-accused during the trial , Kochar said . Kochar said his client was in Australia when the teen was raped and killed . Pandher faces trial in the remaining 18 killings and could remain in custody , the attorney said .	Court acquitted Moninder Singh Pandher for the killing of a teen 14-year old was one of 19 children and young women murdered Pandher and a domestic employee sentenced to death in February by lower court
CNN  -- Arsenal have rejected out of hand a formal offer from Barcelona for their talismanic captain Cesc Fabregas , the English Premier League club confirmed on Wednesday . The Spanish champions officially launched their bid to re-sign the 23-year-old earlier in the day when director general Joan Oliver told reporters an offer had been made . Fabregas came through the youth ranks at the Nou Camp before joining Arsenal in 2003 , and declared last month he would like to return to Spain . The midfielder then backtracked by saying that he would put his future in the hands of Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger and instead focus on playing for Spain at the World Cup in South Africa . But Arsenal met Barcelona 's offer with a curt response . A statement on their official Web site read : "  Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas is under contract with the club until the summer of 2015 . He is a highly valued member of the team and part of our future plans . "  We have followed recent speculation linking Cesc with a move away from the Club but as there has never been any official approach for him , only two informal exchanges , in which we made it abundantly clear that we have no interest in transferring Cesc , we have refrained from publicly passing comment . "  However , yesterday evening we received an offer from Barcelona for Cesc and in response , we immediately and resolutely told them once again that we have no intention of selling our captain . "  To be clear , we will not make any kind of counterproposal or enter into any discussion . Barcelona have publicly stated that they will respect our position and we expect that they will keep their word . " Oliver had earlier told reporters during a presentation of the club 's latest sponsorship deal : "  Everybody knows that Cesc wants to sign for Barca and that we also want him to come here , but there is also a third party involved -- Arsenal . "  Any agreement has to be with them . The official window for transfer negotiations opened on June 1 , and although we 'd had unofficial conversations with them before yesterday , we 've now made a formal written offer , which we presented to Arsenal yesterday afternoon . " Barcelona vice-president Rafael Yuste said that director of football Txiki Beguiristain and director Raul Sanllehi were leading the negotiations . "  I 'm optimistic that he 'll be able to sign for Barca as soon as possible , and it 's clear that everybody here will give him a warm welcome , " Yuste said in quotes on the Barcelona Web site . "  We 'll do nothing that might make it more difficult for him to come here , and we wo n't rush things -- but we wo n't stop either ! " Meanwhile , Yuste also played down reports that last summer 's marquee signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic would be leaving Barcelona after a disappointing first season in Spain . The recent signing of Spain striker David Villa from Valencia for $ 49 million has put the Sweden international 's Nou Camp future under some scrutiny . "  There is no problem with Ibra . He 's happy and I hope he 'll be here scoring goals as he did last season for many years to come . There 's nothing to say other than that we are very satisfied with him , " Yuste said .	Arsenal reject Barcelona 's formal offer for Cesc Fabregas Spanish champions make a formal written offer for the English club 's captain The 23-year-old has been a key figure at Arsenal since joining the club in 2003 He made his intentions clear last month before saying he would wait until after World Cup
CNN  -- The Mississippi NAACP has called on Governor Haley Barbour to publicly denounce an attempt by a Confederacy group to honor a Ku Klux Klan leader , the organization said Monday . The Sons of Confederate Veterans has launched the campaign to recognize Confederate Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest on a specialty license plate . Forrest , a popular and controversial figure , is best known as a leader of the KKK , the white supremacist group known for terrorizing blacks in the South after the Civil War . He is also praised and criticized for an 1864 raid at Fort Pillow , Tennessee , where hundreds of black Union Army members were killed during the war . The controversy over whether Forrest conducted or condoned the massacre is still a matter for heated debate . Mississippi NAACP leaders feel a state-sanctioned license plate honoring a man with ties to the KKK sends the wrong message to people in the state and across the country . "  Any individual who was a traitor to our country and our Constitution should be treated as such , " said Derrick Johnson , president of the state NAACP chapter . Forrest was a "  terrorist " whose acts were "  immoral and unconstitutional , " Johnson said . Honoring him or anyone who promoted racial hatred or violence would be offensive , he said . The NAACP is n't alone in its protest against the SCV . More than 1,700 Mississippians have joined a Facebook group called Mississippians Against The Commemoration Of Grand Wizard Nathan Forrest . The group 's website says they "  are united in sending a message to the state government of Mississippi that WE WILL NOT STAND for the public glorification of one of the original leaders of the Ku Klux Klan . " The proposal by the Sons of Confederate Veterans seeks to honor Confederate generals . "  If we ca n't hold him up to where he 's supposed to be , then nobody else is gon na do it , " group member Greg Stewart said . Forrest is being "  unfairly maligned , " he told CNN . Most historians agree that Forrest left the KKK after less than two years because the small pockets of groups were growing rapidly , were unorganized and violent . Forrest felt "  they had the right idea , but went about it the wrong way , " said Mike Martinez , a part-time political science instructor at Kennesaw State University . Despite his short stint with the Klan , Martinez said Forrest 's affiliation with the organization gave it credibility . Stewart said Forrest was chosen to be recognized not because of his time with the KKK , but for his spirit and leadership during the Civil War . His image is one in a series of five that will have to be approved on a year-by-year basis by the state legislature , Stewart said . Other Confederacy symbols to be used on license plates are Beauvoir , the Jefferson Davis Home and Presidential Library , the battle for Vicksburg , the battle of Shiloh and Confederate soldiers . One image still under consideration that may surprise many people is that Holt Collier , an African American who fought for the Confederacy and eventually served under President Theodore Roosevelt as a bear tracker . Collier is best known for the famous Mississippi hunt where Roosevelt refused to shoot a wounded bear . It became known as the "  Teddy Bear " craze . The SCV group has had a specialty license plate since 2003 . The image of a small Confederate flag was used until last year when it was redesigned . Money from the sale of the plates is used to repair state-owned historical flags . Barbour has not responded to the controversy since it began making headlines last week . He spoke this weekend at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington , D.C. , and is said to be setting his sights on a run for the White House in 2012 . He finished 15th in a CPAC straw poll . A call to the governor 's office from CNN on Monday has not been returned .	Confederacy group launches campaign to honor Ku Klux Klan leader Mississippi NAACP chief calls Confederate Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest a terrorist Sons of Confederate Veterans wants to honor Confederate generals Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour has not responded to the controversy
CNN  -- In the spinoff "  Bachelor in Paradise , " ABC has rounded up past "  Bachelor " and "  Bachelorette " contestants to give them a second chance at finding love .  Or is that fame ? Perhaps a lucky few will find both . With its premiere on Monday night , "  Bachelor in Paradise " has established itself as a decent supplement for those craving the real "  Bachelor " deal . Instead of having a gang of suitors compete for the affection of a single person , "  Bachelor in Paradise " has everyone date each other . Host Chris Harrison told TVGuide that it 's the original concept "  times 10 , which leads to love triangles , drama and amazing dates . " We 'll let viewers decide how "  amazing " the dates are , but Harrison did get one thing right : Monday 's premiere episode was n't short on drama or tears . The series kicked off the search for "  love " with eight women and six men at "  Bachelor in Paradise 's " beach house . Each week , new men and women arrive on the set to keep the stakes high . The first group of 14 spent the hour pairing off -- usually in the ocean -- and the escalating tension led to at least one breakdown in front of a raccoon . By the end of the episode , two women went home , although one of them decided to flee the Mexican retreat by choice . Former "  Bachelor " contestant Nikki Ferrell -- the one now dating Juan Pablo Galavis -- may have called the series a "  train wreck , " but for a lot of viewers , that 's half the fun . Watchers at E! and Hollywood Life have deemed "  Bachelor in Paradise " worth your time , and Monday 's episode earned modest ratings , with 5 million tuning in . ` Bachelorette ' Andi Dorfman makes her choice ` The Bachelorette ' love letter : Nick Viall makes his case	"  Bachelor in Paradise " premiered Monday Past "  Bachelor " / "  Bachelorette " contestants to try to find love again The first episode received modest ratings
Washington  CNN  -- Do n't expect President Barack Obama or Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney to talk about the issue of gun control in the wake of last week 's deadly mass shooting in Aurora , Colorado -- there 's little to gain from bringing up the issue . While gun rights issues are split along party lines , independents , who will determine the outcome of the election , are also divided over the issue . Both men and their surrogates have steered clear of discussing thorny Second Amendment issues since the shootings . Polls , such as one conducted by the Pew Research Center in April , have found that 55 % of highly coveted independents feel it is "  more important to protect gun ownership than to control guns , " with 40 % saying controlling gun ownership is more important . The poll also found that 72 % of Republicans feel protecting gun ownership is important , while 27 % of Democrats feel that way . This tracks with similar polls conducted after other mass shootings such as last year 's assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , in Tucson in which six people were killed . A Pew poll conducted after the shooting found that "  49 % of Americans say it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns , while 46 % say it is more important to control gun ownership . " And the issue likely wo n't play well in a battleground state such as Colorado , with its culture of strong and proud gun ownership but a recent history of deadly mass shootings such as Friday 's theater massacre and a similar event in 1999 at Columbine High School , said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . "  It 's political suicide to " to advocate greater gun control in Colorado , Lizotte said . Colorado is also a state with a fast-growing segment of independent voters , according to a study by the Third Way , a Washington-based , moderate-leaning think tank . "  No politician in their right mind would say anything about gun control in Colorado because you simply wo n't get it , " said Lizotte , who grew up in Grand Junction , Colorado . "  Growing up I did n't know anyone who did n't own a gun . " So despite New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , an independent , calling for Obama and Romney to debate gun issues , the two candidates are unlikely to move gun policy discussions from anything more than a back-burner debate . That 's because in moving the conversation about guns front and center both politicians could get burned . Romney has had a mixed history on the issue of gun control , according to the Pulitzer Prize-winning PolitiFact website , which grades the accuracy of political comments . "  During his campaigns for statewide Massachusetts office , Romney openly spoke of his support for -- to use his words from 2002 -- ` tough gun laws , ' " PolitiFact found . During the 2008 Republican primaries , Romney said , "  I do n't line up 100 percent with the NRA . " However , the GOP presidential hopeful 's "  pro-gun rhetoric has become sharper and virtually all nuance was erased . He even touted the bill he signed in Massachusetts by scrubbing any reference to the provisions banning assault weapons , " the site found . The site noted that "  even in the 1994 campaign  Romney  did n't take a full-blown , pro-gun-control stand . " And though Romney 's messaging sounds more pro-gun , he "  has never gone so far as to specifically renounce his prior positions , such as his signing of the 2004 Massachusetts law , " an assault weapons ban mirrored after a similar federal ban . Romney earned a "  Half Flip " from the site for messaging on guns that "  has been more on the rhetorical level than substantive . " Meanwhile , Democrats long gave up the messaging battle on guns . "  Democrats finally figured out that this was an issue that they were getting walloped on in many Western , Southern states and many swing states , " said Jim Manley , who worked in the Senate for more than 20 years as a top aide to Democratic Sen. Ted Kennedy and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  So they began a subtle shift to try to coordinate and/or get more pro-gun Democrats to run . " He said , "  For many Democrats , it 's smart politics not to get into the gun control debate . " Talk of gun rights was largely absent from Obama 's speech in the aftermath of the Fort Hood shooting in 2009 and after Giffords and others were shot in Arizona last year . Obama mentioned gun safety only in passing after the Tucson shootings to describe the polarizing nature of the issue . The president penned an opinion piece two months after the Tucson shootings that acknowledged the importance of the Second Amendment and called for a "  focus " on "  effective steps that will actually keep those irresponsible , law-breaking few from getting their hands on a gun in the first place . " Political discourse on guns is unlikely to increase since polls indicate Americans do n't want to make gun laws more strict and overall gun violence has actually decreased , said Kristin A. Goss , an associate professor of public policy and political science at Duke University and author of "  Disarmed : The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America . " "  Historically the pro control side has struggled to come up with a compelling narrative that will help people come over to the case of stricter gun control laws , " Goss said . "  For a long time these gun violence rates and massacres speak for themselves . They relied on that to make the case but were up against a very powerful but very well-disciplined and skillful army that was good at taking those arguments apart . " CNN 's Dana Bash and Allison Brennan contributed to this report .	President Obama , Mitt Romney are unlikely to tread further into thorny gun rights , control issues Public fairly divided on issue of protecting gun ownership Both Romney and Obama have a complicated history on gun issues
CNN  -- Activision Blizzard is set to launch a new "  Call of Duty " game for consoles alongside an ambitious digital platform later this year , Activision Publishing CEO Eric Hirshberg said on the company 's earnings call Monday . Executives have expressed an especially keen excitement about the new platform features . They named "  Call of Duty " as one of the two "  significant investments " that Activision is making , which will include the company 's largest marketing campaign , Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick said on the call .  The other investment is in PC developer Blizzard , which is working on "  Diablo III " and a new massively multiplayer online game franchise unrelated to "  World of Warcraft . " "  This year 's ` Call of Duty ' initiatives will result in the best ` Call of Duty ' experiences we have created to date , " Kotick said . In addition to paid features integrated into the platform , "  You will see a lot of new services and capabilities that will be provided free of charge to all of our customers , " he said . The "  Call of Duty " online service has been in development for two years under the name Project Beachhead , Hirshberg said . The company created a separate group , also called Beachhead , to focus full attention on the project , Kotick has said previously . Activision will begin briefing reporters in San Francisco later this week about the project under nondisclosure agreements . The company plans to make a formal announcement in the next several weeks , Kotick said . Still more details are expected in June for the Electronic Entertainment Expo . That a new entry in the "  Call of Duty " series will be released this year is n't a bombshell . Activision has introduced a new game in that franchise each year since 2005 . The most recent , "  Call of Duty : Black Ops , " was the top-selling game in the United States and Europe over the last three months . "  Black Ops " still draws fervent crowds for its multiplayer features and continues to sell well . But that experience has been hampered by Sony Computer Entertainment 's shutdown of the PlayStation Network , with the online gaming service approaching three weeks of downtime this week . Activision intends to release a download package for "  Black Ops " in the next three months . "  Hopefully the situation will be resolved by then , " Hirshberg said . Cliff Bleszinski , the design director for Epic Games , which makes another popular shooting franchise called "  Gears of War , " said he has doubts about "  Call of Duty 's " viability . " ` Call of Duty ' is doing well right now , but if I was one of the owners of that property , I 'd be concerned about potential fatigue , " he said in a recent interview . This year 's new installment may be called "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " and debut in November , according to a report in the Los Angeles Times . "  The game has exceeded every internal milestone , " Hirshberg said on Monday 's call .	Activision Blizzard plans to release a new "  Call of Duty " game this year It will include a new social-network platform that 's been in the works for two years "  Call of Duty " is one of Activision 's two "  significant investments "
Muslims in America just lost their right to privacy . Last week , a federal judge in New Jersey ruled that blanket , suspicion-less surveillance of Muslims is permissible under the U.S. Constitution . Since September 11 , 2001 , the New York Police Department has used community mapping , video surveillance , photography and confidential informants to map Muslim life in and around New York . No detail has proved too remote for the prying eyes of the NYPD . Mosques , student groups , restaurants , even grade schools , have all been surveilled . In 2012 , a group of New Jersey plaintiffs sued the NYPD , alleging that the spying program chills religious expression and stigmatizes Islam . The plaintiffs include an Iraq war veteran , a prominent mosque and a math teacher . Each was monitored by the NYPD absent any evidence of wrongdoing . The judge , however , ruled the plaintiffs failed to prove discrimination , and found that monitoring Muslims was the only way to stop terrorism arising from the Muslim community . The court also dealt a damaging blow to whistle-blowers , ruling that The Associated Press revelations about the program caused the plaintiffs ' injury , not the NYPD . According to the judge , the harm to Muslim communities was caused by overzealous journalists , not snooping cops . The most immediate effect of the decision is that it will deepen the isolation of Muslims in America . A report by The Creating Law Enforcement Accountability & Responsibility Project at CUNY Law School illustrates this sharply . Many Muslims in New York live under an umbrella of fear . Not because they have anything to hide , but because they want to be left alone , what Justice Louis Brandeis once called the right most valued by civilized men . They hesitate before speaking Arabic or Urdu in public , dither before attending religious services or joining faith based groups , and shy away from embracing emblems of faith , like hijabs and beards . Not even students are immune from this incessant second-guessing . Many vacillate before joining Muslim groups on campus or speaking on controversial issues like religious profiling in the classroom . Nor is the problem confined to Muslims in and around New York . Indeed , the court 's decision raises the specter of something far more ominous . What stops the federal government from mapping and monitoring Muslims nationwide ? Permitting dragnet religious surveillance of Muslim communities will also exacerbate anti-Muslim sentiment . The NYPD spying program comes on the heels of a nationwide maelstrom against Islam . More than a dozen state legislatures have considered legislation criminalizing sharia law . Mosques have been burned and vandalized , and Muslims have been the target of countless hate crimes . Congress has joined the chorus as well , with some members repeatedly overblowing the threat posed by home-grown Muslim extremism . This widespread animus has led to a disturbing paradox : More Americans fear Islam today than just after the 9-11 attacks . Still , it 's not just Muslims who should be troubled by the court 's decision . It 's every American , for in its faulty reasoning , the court has also diminished the U.S. Constitution . Consider an example . What if the NYPD had mapped the state 's African-American population to stop criminal activity in that community ? The practice would be denounced and defeated in a court of law . Why then , is religious surveillance tolerated ? Race and religion both have a storied role in American history , and both are afforded similar protection under the U.S. Constitution . But , time and again , we ignore the enduring wisdom of the Bill of Rights , and succumb to political whim and social fiat . The Japanese relocation camps after Pearl Harbor ; the blacklisting and harassment of communist sympathizers during the Cold War ; the surveillance of civil rights , feminist and anti-Vietnam war activists throughout the 1960s and '70s ; and more recently , stop and frisk in New York . The examples are legion . So is the disgrace . These policies once enjoyed widespread support and were considered necessary law enforcement tools . Today , they are a stain on our national consciousness . Religious surveillance of Muslim communities will one day join this tragic , shameful legacy . But until then , the New Jersey plaintiffs have vowed to press on . They announced last week that they intend to appeal the court 's decision and vindicate their rights . I hope they succeed . In the end , they 're fighting for the U.S. Constitution , and thus , you and me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arjun Sethi .	A federal judge dismissed a suit challenging broad NYPD surveillance of Muslims Arjun Sethi says the ruling breaches privacy , sustains fear among many Muslims He says the judge erred in blaming journalists rather than police for the harm caused Sethi : The targeting of Muslims will be seen as a tragic infringement of civil liberties
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father says he is concerned about the last moments of his son 's life and about the personal physician who found the pop icon unconscious at the singer 's estate . Singer Ne-Yo  L  and host Jamie Foxx pay tribute to Michael Jackson at 2009 BET Awards in Los Angeles . "  I have a lot of concerns , " Joe Jackson told CNN 's Don Lemon on the red carpet leading up to the BET Awards ceremony Sunday night . "  I ca n't get into that , but I do n't like what happened . " Michael Jackson 's personal physician , who was questioned extensively by investigators over the weekend , found the singer not breathing in bed when he entered the singer 's estate last week , according to the law firm representing the doctor . However , Jackson did have a slight pulse when Dr. Conrad Murray discovered him Thursday , and Murray tried to resuscitate the singer as he awaited paramedics , a representative with the law firm of Stradley , Chernoff and Alford law firm in Houston , Texas , told CNN Sunday . Attorney Edward Chernoff is representing Murray . The law firm said reports that Murray injected Jackson with powerful painkillers , such as Demerol or Oxycontin , were false . Funeral arrangements for Jackson were pending Sunday . "  We have n't gotten to that yet -- we 're working on that , " Joe Jackson told CNN 's Lemon . Watch Joe Jackson talk about the death of his son " Murray voluntarily met for several hours with detectives , the Los Angeles Police Department said late Saturday night . "  Detectives assigned to Robbery-Homicide Division met with Dr. Murray and conducted an extensive interview , " a police statement said . "  Dr. Murray was cooperative and provided information which will aid the investigation . " Watch attorney for Jackson 's doctor say his client is not a suspect " Jackson 's family suspects that Murray can answer some lingering questions about the singer 's last hours , but they have been unable to contact him , the Rev. Jesse Jackson said Saturday . "  The routine inquiry is now an investigation , " Jesse Jackson said . "  They  Jackson 's family  did n't know the doctor . ... He should have met with the family , given them comfort on the last hours of their son . " Watch latest developments in Jackson 's death investigation " Jackson family attorney L. Londell McMillan told CNN that a second autopsy is "  under way . " "  We 'll let that process take its course , " McMillan , who accompanied Joe Jackson to the BET Awards , told CNN . McMillan said a will has not surfaced since Michael Jackson 's death and that the singer 's mother , Katherine Jackson , is seeking custody of his two children . "  Well , if there is no will , then under the state of California it goes to the next of kin . That 's an adult to administer and oversee the best interests of the children and that would be Mr. and Mrs. Jackson , " McMillan said . "  And Katherine Jackson is the duly appointed person . " He added , "  She will seek custody of the children . That 's who Michael would have wanted to have the children , she loves them dearly . " On Saturday , the founder of 1-800-AUTOPSY , a private firm that conducts autopsies , told CNN that the Jackson family had contacted the business to inquire about possibly having a second autopsy done there . Jesse Jackson added on Saturday that the family needed "  an independent autopsy to get even more answers to questions that are now being driven by the gap between when Michael was last seen alive and was pronounced dead . "  iReport.com : Tributes pour in for Jackson There are lingering questions , including : "  How long had he stopped breathing ? How long had he been unconscious ? " Jesse Jackson said . Michael Jackson was discovered unconscious Thursday by paramedics at his home , where Murray apparently had tried to revive him . He was rushed to a Los Angeles medical center , where he was pronounced dead . Listen to the 911 call " An autopsy performed by a county medical examiner was inconclusive -- although officials said there were no indications of external trauma or foul play . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has said more tests are needed before a cause of death can be determined . That could take four to six weeks . Detectives impounded Murray 's car , which was parked at the singer 's rented home , because , they said , it may contain evidence related to Jackson 's death , possibly prescription medications . Police have released no information on what they may have found . CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Traci Tamura , Drew Griffin and Anna Coren contributed to this report .	Dr. Conrad Murray found Jackson not breathing but with a slight pulse Murray believed to be last person to see Michael Jackson alive Jackson 's father concerned about his son 's last moments Police conduct "  extensive interview " with Murray
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Tomas continued to lose brawn in the Caribbean Sea on Monday morning after pummeling the island of St. Vincent over the weekend , the National Hurricane Center said . As of 5 a.m. ET Sunday , Tomas , a tropical storm with sustained winds of 50 mph  85 kph  , was located about 135 miles  220 kilometers  northeast of Curacao , according to the Hurricane Center . The storm was moving west at about 14 mph  22 kph  . Tropical storm-force winds extended outward up to 175 miles  280 kilometers  from the center of Tomas . Tomas moved over the Caribbean Sea after leaving heavy rain and wind on St. Vincent . More than 1,000 people entered shelters on St. Vincent as Tomas struck the island , an emergency official said . Two people were injured , including one critically , when they tried to repair roof damage during the storm , said Michelle Forbes , acting director of National Emergency Management . Tomas also left downed trees that blocked many roads , Forbes said , and large areas of the island lacked power . More than 100 homes sustained roof damage , she said , and authorities expected the number to rise . The main hospital on the island , Milton Cato Memorial Hospital , lost power temporarily but was able to get a generator up and running , according to Forbes . Tomas was forecast to continue heading west over the next day or two . The Hurricane Center said restrengthening could begin by late Tuesday . A projection map shows the storm turning north later this week . Tomas could approach Haiti on Friday , possibly as a hurricane . Tomas could deal a harsh blow to Haiti as the impoverished nation is still recovering from a devastating earthquake in January and is currently dealing with a cholera outbreak . But "  Tomas could still hit anywhere from the Dominican Republic to eastern Cuba , " CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward said . CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	NEW : Tomas ' maximum sustained winds slow to 50 mph  85 kph A projection map indicates Tomas could hit Haiti later this week Two people were injured on St. Vincent
August in Syria kicked off with an ammo depot blast killing 40 people , followed by news that U.N. inspectors were probing claims that regime forces had used chemical weapons . On Monday , U.N. inspectors were reportedly fired on by snipers while driving to investigate a new alleged chemical attack , one that has the U.S. moving warships closer to Syria and mulling military intervention . Yet to hear President Bashar al-Assad 's Instagram account tell the story , it 's been all about feeding the hungry , science Olympiads and widespread support for al-Assad and his wife . There are no ugly images of bloody battlefields in the brutal civil war . Instead , it 's photo after photo of him and his wife being caring -- and lots of pictures of him being mobbed , greeted and hugged by adoring masses . The only mention of the war that has dominated headlines outside of Syria -- and has killed , according to U.N. estimates , more than 100,000 of al-Assad 's countrymen -- comes in the captions beneath photos of the president shaking hands with soldiers "  protecting civilians " and "  regaining security and stability " in Darraya . The soldiers appear at ease and enthusiastic about al-Assad 's visit , rather than in a state of war . That was August 1 . The following day , the account featured file images of "  Captain " Assad building camps and moving beds with his "  comrades " in Syria in 1994 , about six years before he took the country 's helm from his father . The rest of the month , according to the account , has been packed with diplomatic functions , awards ceremonies , and his wife , Asma , tossing salad , stirring pots and filling bowls as Muslims broke fast in the evenings of the Ramadan holy month . Some of the president 's almost 34,000 Instagram followers seem to sense spin in the postings , with one asking of the notoriously fashion-conscious first lady , "  So she managed to find time to stop shopping for shoes ? " and another demanding photos of her Christian Louboutins , the brand of posh , French shoes that can command upward of $ 1,000 a pair . Almost as common as the comments asserting , "  What a load of BS this account is " are followers offering warm wishes of "  God bless you , " "  We love you " and "  We want you to win this war . " Some supporters have even employed a " #LongLiveBasharAlAssad " hashtag . The embattled president announced he was adding Instagram to his social media blitz last month via a message posted to his Twitter account . He began posting photos July 24 . He also has his own Facebook page and a YouTube channel .	Syrian president 's Instagram account filled with photos of him , first lady being caring Absent are images of war , though some postings show him meeting relaxed soldiers Some Instagram users call account "  BS " ; others proclaim , " #LongLiveBasharAlAssad "
Heading to Disney 's Magic Kingdom Park for your next vacation ? It 'll cost you . The most expensive theme park at Walt Disney World Resort just got a little pricier . Starting February 23 , visitors ages 10 and up will pay $ 99 for one-day tickets to the Magic Kingdom , a $ 4 increase . Prices for one-day tickets at Epcot , Animal Kingdom and Hollywood Studios also increased $ 4 , from $ 90 to $ 94 . Many visitors to the Disney parks purchase multi-day passes , which can decrease the daily cost of visiting the parks . To Disney or not to Disney ? "  Our pricing reflects the high quality and breadth of experiences we offer and our ongoing commitment to investing in our parks , " said Kim Prunty , Walt Disney World spokeswoman , via e-mail . "  We offer a variety of ticket options that provide a great value , and find that most guests select multi-day tickets that offer additional savings . " The Walt Disney Co. reported company revenues of $ 12.3 billion for the quarter ending December 28 , 2013 , a 9 % increase from the same quarter in 2012 . Of that $ 12.3 billion in revenues , $ 3.6 billion came from its parks and resorts . Parks and resorts revenues saw a 6 % increase from the same quarter in 2012 . "  Prices were raised less than a year ago , but for WDW  Walt Disney Resort  it 's all about supply and demand , " writes Deb Wills , editor-in-chief of AllEars.net , an unofficial Disney planning and fan site . "  Attendance is going up , not down ; so as long as people keep paying the prices , Disney  any business  will keep raising them . " CNN first learned of the price increase from a Tampa Bay Times Tweet . How will the price increase impact your travel plans ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Disney 's Magic Kingdom prices are going up Multi-day passes decrease per-day prices Visitors will also see increases at Epcot and other parks
Arizona suspect Joseph Andrew Dekenipp went from jailbird , to lovebird , and back to jailbird -- all in three hours . Dekenipp was determined to spend Valentine 's Day with his girlfriend , CNN affiliate KTVK reported . So much so that he crawled past razor wire , scaled two fences and made his way to a bar about 10 miles away , according to authorities . Dekenipp went missing Friday afternoon from a fenced recreation yard at the detention center in Florence , according to the affiliate . When inmates there returned to their residential units , Dekenipp was nowhere to be found . He 'd made the daring escape and was headed to a bar in nearby Coolidge , where he was going to meet his girlfriend , the affiliate said . Pinal County deputies used K-9s to track him , but then his scent disappeared , the affiliate said . They pulled over cars on nearby roadways and searched them . Their big break came when two teens told authorities that their friend gave Dekenipp a ride to the bar . Deputies hightailed it there , where they found Dekenipp . And no , he was n't wearing his jail uniform . Three hours after his escape , his handcuffs clinked shut again without incident . He was hauled back to Pinal County Adult Detention Center . Dekenipp had been booked in jail last month on various charges , including suspected car theft , unlawful flight and driving on a suspended license , the affiliate reported . At the time , he was held on a $ 5,000 bond and had a pretrial hearing set for February 25 , according to the affiliate . The lovebird -- and jailbird -- may be apart from his girlfriend for a longer period . In addition to all that , he 's now facing an escape charge . Michigan prison escapee captured in Indiana Georgia sheriff cancels Valentine 's Day because of snow	Man in jail awaiting hearing was determined to spend Valentine 's Day with his girlfriend Authorities say he crawled past razor wire and scaled two fences He was arrested at a bar about 10 miles from the jail
Cleveland  CNN  -- Seldom does a daughter use such harsh words to describe her own father . Ariel Castro 's daughter called him "  the most evil , vile , demonic criminal " she ever heard of during a CNN exclusive interview Thursday . "  He is dead to me , " Angie Gregg said of the father police say kidnapped , held captive , raped and beat three young women in Cleveland for about a decade . She had known her "  daddy " as a "  friendly , caring , doting man . " Now shocked and in disbelief , Gregg says she never wants to see him again . "  There will be no visits ; there will be no phone calls , " she said . "  He can never be Daddy again . I have no sympathy for the man . " As she mulled the accusations against him , she asked , "  How could you ? " "  I wonder this whole time , how he could be so good to us , but he  allegedly  took young women , little girls , someone else 's babies , away from these families and over the years never felt enough guilt to just give up and let them free . " Gregg did not think anything out of the ordinary was going on in her childhood home . All that changed Monday when Amanda Berry broke loose . Police freed her fellow captives Georgina DeJesus and Michelle Knight , divulging the secret locked up inside the house at 2207 Seymour Ave. Snapshots : Who are the three women freed in Cleveland ? When she first heard the news about their captivity , Gregg said , she "  just wanted to die . " She had known Berry and DeJesus from her school days . Peculiarities she noticed about her father over the years started falling into place in a new , grim light , and they are making her feel "  horrified , " she said . "  This was going on right under my nose . " An odd place to visit When she came calling , "  he would take forever to come to the door , " she said . He always had the house locked up tight . Standing at a window , Castro would often give her a hand signal indicating to her to wait . Then he 'd wave her around to the back door , not letting her in through the front of the house . Once inside , visits were fun and cordial . Gregg , her husband and Castro "  ate , looked at photos and listened to music , " she said . "  He appeared to be happy to see us and never rushed for us to leave . " At times , he would disappear from dinner and give no explanation for his absence . The music was usually turned up loud , but Gregg thought this to be fitting since Castro was a musician . Once she asked if she could go upstairs to see her childhood bedroom . Castro coaxed her out of the idea , telling her , "  Oh , honey , there 's so much junk up there . You do n't want to go up there , " she said . Again , she thought nothing of it , "  besides him being a pack rat . " The basement was always locked . Prosecutor : ` Kidnapper operated torture chamber ' Clinging to the house The list of oddities continued . Castro clung to home , never wanting to leave for more than a day , even to visit Gregg out of state when she lived with her family in Indiana . "  He was adamant in the fact that he wanted to leave home early morning and he had to be back by evening , " Gregg said . Her family often made travel plans with Castro that they then had to cancel because of her father 's obsession with his own four walls . Gregg said that she never saw signs of the 6-year-old at her father 's house and that she never saw her with him . But about two months ago , he showed her a picture in his cell phone . Gregg asked who it was . Her father told her that the girl was his girlfriend 's child by somebody else . "  I figured at the most he had an illegitimate child out there , you know , and I would find out eventually , " Gregg said . She asked him to get a paternity test . She wanted to know if she had another sister out there somewhere . Now she knows that she does . Daughter Emily Castro in prison for slashing baby 's throat Domestic violence Gregg recalled fond memories of growing up in the house and fun times with her father . He lined up the children in the backyard and trimmed their bangs himself , she said . He took her for rides on his motorcycle . And he never abused her , she said , or her sisters , as far as she knows . But he beat their mother , Grimilda Figueroa , whom he accused of fooling around with neighbors . He was very jealous , Gregg said . "  When Mom and Dad were fighting , it 's like I just wanted to melt into the ground , " she said . "  I 've seen him basically stomp on her like she was a man , " Gregg remembered . Then after a bludgeoning , her mother had enough , and the family split up . The other children left with her mother , but Gregg stuck by Castro , believing the excuses he made for the violence . She finished growing up under his roof , she said . How this case differed from the ` House of Horrors ' A daughter divorced Gregg is through believing in her father and is appalled at the extent of his alleged deception and cruelty . "  To go to the vigils , to show these girls the footage of their parents ' pleas for their return , to rape , starve and beat innocent human beings ... I am disgusted . " Gregg wants the girls who suffered in captivity to get the treatment they need , recover as well as they can and have the best lives possible . It was the first thing she mentioned during the interview . She is relieved to see them and the little girl , her new sister , return to their families . She hopes they can understand her father 's actions are not a reflection on her family . "  We do n't have monster in our blood , " she said . Gregg 's mother died in 2012 after a bout with brain cancer . Now she has lost her father , too . She still cries for her mother , she said . "  I do n't cry for him . " Get all the latest developments in the Cleveland case CNN 's Laurie Segall and Erica Fink reported from Cleveland ; Ben Brumfield and Dana Ford wrote in Atlanta .	Angie Gregg describes the strange behavior of her father , Ariel Castro When she visited him , he took forever to answer the door , she says She also says the basement was always locked , and he would n't let her go upstairs Ariel Castro beat his wife , his daughter says
St. Louis  CNN  -- The funeral of slain Ferguson , Missouri , teenager Michael Brown was a celebration of his life , a search for meaning in his death and a battle cry to change policing in America . The Rev. Al Sharpton delivered one of two eulogies during the service Monday , and he had sharp words for those who looted stores and clashed with police after the teenager was shot . "  You do n't understand that Michael Brown does not want to be remembered for a riot . He wants to be remembered as the one that made America deal with how we 're going to police in the United States . " With a call to action , Sharpton criticized police who pointed rifles at peaceful protesters in Ferguson . "  We have to leave here today and change this , " he said . He urged mourners at Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church to respect the Brown family 's wish for silence Monday . And when protests resume , Sharpton said "  they 've asked for it to be peaceful . If you ca n't control yourself , then do n't do it in Michael 's name . Do it in your own name . " Brown 's great-uncle , the Rev. Charles Ewing , drew parallels between the teenager 's life , death and Scripture during his eulogy on behalf of the family . "  Michael Brown 's blood is crying from the ground , crying for vengeance , crying for justice , " he said . "  There is a cry being made from the ground , not just for Michael Brown but for the Trayvon Martins , for those children at Sandy Hook Elementary School , for the Columbine massacre , for the black-on-black crime . " Family members and friends reflecting on their memories of "  Mike Mike " recalled him saying , "  One day , the world will know my name . " "  Michael was a big guy , but he was a kind , gentle soul , and before he left this Earth , the day that he was killed , he was out spreading the word of Jesus Christ , " a family friend said . They urged the crowd of thousands of mourners to "  show up at the voting polls , " because "  we have had enough to of seeing our brothers and sisters killed in the streets . " "  If we had more of this , " one family member said , referring to the audience and then motioning to Brown 's casket , "  we could have less of this . It should n't have took this to get us together like this . " A message of hope to a full sanctuary Bishop Edwin Bass of the Church of God in Christ told the Brown family that he , too , lost a child to violence on the streets of St. Louis . "  While this tragic loss will always be with you , the step-by-step , one foot in front of the other march of time will ultimately bring you to a divine place where you will laugh again , you will find the joy of living again , as your thinking shifts from tragedy to the joyful reflection of good times . " Michael Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , wiped away tears as she stood at the coffin that holds her son 's body . She wrote a letter to her son published in the funeral program that said in part , "  I never want this to go unsaid , there are no words to express how much you mean to me . A son like you , I thought could never be . Because the day you were born , I just know , God sent me a blessing -- and that was you . " His father , Michael Brown Sr. , wrote his own letter , saying , "  I always told you I will never let nothing happen to you . And that 's what hurt sooooooo much , that I could n't protect you but we love you . I will never let you die in my heart , you will always live forever . " The sanctuary , which holds 2,500 people , was filled , and an overflow auditorium was also full . It was estimated by reporters at the service that another 2,000 people were on church property for the funeral in addition to those in the sanctuary . Retired mail carrier Hilliard Phillips , who once delivered on the street where Brown was killed , was among the mourners . He said there 's power in numbers , and he hoped the outpouring of support for Brown and his family would spur society to take a look at itself . "  You ca n't really overnight change the behavior of a person , but sometimes they can be coerced in a sweet way . ... I would hope they could see people coming together in a solemn way to show their respect to someone , " he said . Following the service , scores of motorcycles ridden by mourners accompanied the funeral procession that carried Brown 's body to St. Peter 's Cemetery in St. Louis . T-shirts and buttons memorializing Michael Brown Brown 's death on August 9 sparked days of sometimes violent protests in the St. Louis suburb and concern over race and police shootings across the country . In the past several days , things have calmed down , and the town is slowly coming back to life . Among the guests at the service were Martin Luther King III and the Rev. Bernice King ; the Rev. Jesse Jackson ; the families of Trayvon Martin and Sean Bell ; and celebrities Spike Lee , Diddy and Snoop Lion . The White House sent three officials to the funeral . One of them was Broderick Johnson , who leads the White House 's My Brother 's Keeper Task Force . He was joined by Marlon Marshall , a St. Louis native who attended high school with Brown 's mother , and Heather Foster . Marshall and Foster are part of the White House Office of Public Engagement . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon , however , did not attend . "  The governor has communicated to attorneys representing the family of Michael Brown that he will not be attending today 's funeral out of respect for the family , who deserve time to focus on remembering Michael and grieving their loss , " spokesman Scott Holste said before the service . A tense tranquility One sign of a return to normality : Children in the Ferguson-Florissant School District finally started school Monday . The first day had been scheduled for August 18 but was delayed a week because of looting and protests , reported CNN affiliate KMOV . Two weeks after the shooting sparked violent protests , the mood turned more tranquil over the weekend , with smaller crowds and lots of music . Gone were police in riot gear and defiant protesters . The tear gas , rubber bullets and Molotov cocktails were nowhere to be seen , either . In their place were clusters of officers , hanging around businesses , chatting with one another . Race has been at the forefront of the tensions ; Brown was African-American , and the officer who shot him is white . Two investigations -- one federal and one run by state prosecutors -- are in the early stages of trying to determine what led up to the shooting . Investigators are grappling with witness statements that include shifting and contradictory stories , and some who appear to be reciting accounts of what they 've seen in the media , two law enforcement sources told CNN . Complete coverage of Michael Brown 's shooting Eliott C. McLaughlin reported from St. Louis , and Michael Pearson and Susanna Capelouto reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , Aaron Cooper , Faith Karimi and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Do n't do violence "  in Michael 's name " Al Sharpton says at service Slain teen 's uncle says Brown 's death is a call for justice for other victims of violence Sharpton : Police should not have aimed rifles at protesters : "  We have to ... change this " Children in Ferguson start school after a week 's postponement
CNN  -- A sprinkler system was turned off for more than an hour during a fire that devastated a California mall , a report says . The huge blaze occurred at the Westfield Galleria in Roseville , California , on October 21 . Roseville police and fire officials released a report Friday about the blaze , which began when a man walked into a video game store and announced he had a weapon and was carrying a backpack that smelled of kerosene . The man was later identified as 23-year-old Alexander Piggee . Roseville police and fire departments rushed to the scene , but both stalled in entering the mall because of the possibility the suspect may have had a bomb , the report said . The report also said a maintenance worker at the mall shut off the sprinkler system in the section of the mall where the fire started for 71 minutes . It was unclear who told the maintenance worker to shut off the sprinklers . The maintenance worker said a police officer or sheriff 's deputy told him to shut down the system , but no police officers or sheriff 's deputies were on the scene at the time , according to the report . When questioned , the maintenance worker changed his story , saying that a UPS worker relayed a request from authorities to shut off the sprinkler system , according to the report . But the worker could not recall who started the request . It took a full day before the fire was knocked down . Two firefighters were injured during the blaze . The mall , about 18 miles northwest of Sacramento , was evacuated during the incident , and it remained closed after the suspect was arrested . No bomb has been recovered from the mall . The damage was so severe that California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency at the time . The governor 's order suspended one-week waiting period for store employees who seek unemployment benefits in Placer County .	Report : Sprinklers shut off for 71 minutes during fire at Roseville , California , mall California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency after the fire Report : A maintenance worker gives conflicting information about turning off the sprinklers
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- At least 19 people died in a Nairobi slum after drinking illegal local brew , which may have been laced with chemicals to make it more potent , a government official said . An additional 11 more people from the Kibera area are hospitalized , complaining of stomach pains after drinking the brew popularly known as changa'a , said local official Richard Juma . Police arrested 51 people during a raid for allegedly possessing changa'a , and were being held at a local police station , he said . "  As a government , we are not happy about this incident , " Juma said . "  We will continue to raid where we think the brew dens are located until this menace is completely done away with . " A sample of the changa'a has been taken to a government chemist for testing . Changa'a is sold cheaply in Nairobi slums . While it can take a long time to prepare , greedy brewers lace it with chemicals to hasten the process and to make it more potent . There have been a number of deaths from drinking changa'a in recent years . Other people have been blinded . "  The reason these people continue to drink this harmful alcohol even with awareness of its deadly ramifications is because some of the residents here do n't care about their lives , they 'd rather drink all day , " Juma said . Samuel Chege was treated and released Monday at the Nairobi national hospital after consuming changa'a during a weekend drinking spree and experiencing stomach pains . "  I urge other people not to drink changa'a because you do n't know how it has been prepared , " he said . Members of Parliament have passed a bill to legalize changa'a and other drinks , but the president has not yet signed it . "  In my opinion , it should not be legalized because the number of proprietors will increase and so will the number of drunks , " Juma said . Mary Nduku said her cousin died after drinking the deadly beverage . She said she was called home from work to find him lying on the floor of their house . He and a neighbor , who was also unconscious , were rushed to the hospital but pronounced dead on arrival . "  The government should work hard in stopping this problem , " Nduku said . "  We are losing too many people . Our people are dying and some are becoming blind . The government should not legalize this homemade local brew as there are people who will take advantage and make all sorts of alcohol . "	NEW : Death toll from illegal local brew rises to 19 Changa'a is a homemade brew sold cheaply in Nairobi slums The beverage can be laced with chemicals to hasten its preparation A number of deaths have occurred over the years from consuming it
CNN  -- Prince Charles is learning Arabic but said he 's having a difficult time of it . At a networking event Thursday in Qatar for alumni of UK universities , he complimented guests on their impeccable English . Qatar 's energy minister inquired if Charles spoke any Arabic . "  I tried to learn it once but I gave up . It goes in one ear and out the other , " he answered . Laura Sullivan , a spokeswoman at Clarence House , confirmed Thursday that Prince Charles has taken lessons . "  He definitely has been having Arabic lessons , " she said . Sullivan was quick to point out the prince has mastered other languages . "  He definitely speaks Welsh as I 've heard him myself , " Sullivan said . "  French is a definite , and he is very good at that . " The Prince of Wales is on a tour of the Middle East with his wife , the Duchess of Cornwall . On Wednesday , they visited a camp for Syrian refugees in Jordan . In Qatar , the Duchess will attend workshops on literacy and women 's empowerment while Charles meets with the Crown Prince of Qatar and the country 's prime minister .	At a networking event , the prince complimented guests ' impeccable English Qatar 's energy minister asked if Charles spoke any Arabic He said he was learning but it was not easy
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- In one spot , a moderate Republican congressman is portrayed as a demon sheep -- a threat to the Republican flock . In another ad , a candidate for governor declares to viewers , "  I 'm one tough nerd ! " And , of course , there 's the now-infamous "  I am not a witch " spot . These are among the most talked-about campaign commercials and videos of this political season . And they 're all brought to you by Republican producer Fred Davis . His secret to a winning ad ? "  To me , it has to stand out . And you have to talk about it , " an excited Davis said . "  It has to be different . " Standing out seems to be a way of life for the ad man . Take his office : It 's a three-story house in the Hollywood Hills , where he is surrounded by Los Angeles liberals . His place is filled with odd artifacts , including a two-headed calf perched next to a trove of awards . Davis did Sen. John McCain 's media work in the 2008 campaign , which included the Republican National Convention . Connect the dots , and , yes , he helped introduce Sarah Palin to the nation . This year , he helped McCain pull through a hard-fought primary with a commercial that featured the candidate walking along the U.S.-Mexican border , telling a sheriff it 's time to "  build the danged fence . " Davis also produced the memorable Ben Quayle spot in which the former vice president 's baby-faced son -- who is running for Congress in Arizona -- looked into the camera and declared , "  Barack Obama is the worst president in history . " But the ad that will probably be talked about for years to come is the first spot for Delaware senatorial candidate Christine O'Donnell . The relative unknown had n't aired a single commercial and was being parodied on late-night TV for saying , years ago , that she dabbled in witchcraft . Davis decided that rather than ignore the controversy , O'Donnell should take on the comics and critics directly . In her first commercial out of the gate , O'Donnell announced to viewers , "  I am not a witch . I am you . " "  My goal was to give people the same impression of Christine O'Donnell that I had the first second that I met her , " Davis said . "  She did n't sound crazy . She did n't sound like a witch . She did n't sound like any of those things , and I wanted the rest of the world to hear that as well . " The commercial itself was parodied on late-night television . O'Donnell recently said she regretted revisiting the issue because it renewed the controversy . Though these days , critics are no longer calling O'Donnell a witch . Davis does not shy away from controversy . He thinks he 'll be best known for a video that went viral after it aired during the California Republican convention . The video , for GOP senatorial candidate Carly Fiorina , featured her Republican opponent -- a moderate -- as a wolf dressed as a sheep , with devilish , glowing red eyes . Playing to primary voters ' desire for ideological purity , the spot declared Tom Campbell a RINO : Republican in Name Only . Campbell lost that primary . "  Demon sheep . You would n't be here if it were n't for the demon sheep . I am quite certain . Demon sheep was a nothing . I never in a million years would have guessed it would -LSB- have -RSB- happened , " Davis recounted . He says he got the idea when Fiorina 's campaign manager said he wanted to convince voters that Tom Campbell was n't the fiscal expert he claimed to be . Davis recalled , "  I 'm thinking sheep . And I 'm thinking , what is it ? Wolf in sheep 's clothing ! And one thing led to another , and it was a very cheap little video . I did n't think five people would ever see it . And millions have seen it , and the rest of my life I will be introduced as the demon sheep guy . " Like many of his ideas , he says , that one just came to him . He adds that often , his best ideas come in the middle of the night . "  I sleep with a legal pad every night . I am very exciting , " he deadpanned . Davis , who also makes non-political ads , is not getting much sleep in the final days of the campaigns . His relatively small company of about a dozen full-time staff has offices in Los Angeles ; Tulsa , Oklahoma ; and Washington . He is working simultaneously this cycle for about eight campaigns and is helping on others through the Republican Governors Association and a couple of third-party groups . Davis strives to make a personal connection between the candidate and the audience . "  You know what I try to do ? I try to really like my clients . And if I really like them , I try to think . You mentioned Carly -LSB- Fiorina -RSB- . What is it I like about Carly ? Well , she 's fun , she 's positive , she 's up , she 's chipper , and so I try to impart those feelings about her , " he said . "  The pieces I like , I figured , if I come to like them , I can help somebody else find those same characteristics , and maybe they 'll like them too . So it 's not always 100 percent issue-based . " He knows his work does n't sit well with all viewers . "  I get criticized every day of my life for something , " he said with a laugh . Does he ever worry that his work goes too far outside the box ? "  That does cross my mind . Most people must think that it does not . And that I 'll do anything to get attention . " In his analysis , America is generally divided into two halves , or boxes : the Republican half and the "  dim half . " "  If you do something really well for this box , this box is going to hate it . If you do something really well for this box , this box is going to hate it , " he summarized . "  So I expect , anticipate and enjoy and look forward to enormous criticism over something like demon sheep , because that helps me know that it 's probably doing its job with this box where I am trying to do it . If I do something and the wrong box is energized , then that 's a problem . And I have to fix it . " But that has n't happened yet . "  No , not yet . Maybe today . "	Fred Davis has produced some of Republicans ' most memorable TV spots His work includes "  I am not a witch " and "  demon sheep " commercials He says he tries to share the things about clients that he likes "  I get criticized every day of my life for something , " Davis says
CNN  -- "  I was surrounded by cameramen , all on their knees like proposing Victorian swains , shooting upwards to make my skirt look even shorter . I had no idea this was going to happen -- this was publicity that I certainly had not planned . " Model Jean Shrimpton . On a sultry spring day in 1965 , silence descended on the packed crowd gathered at Australia 's biggest sporting event . All eyes were on British supermodel Jean Shrimpton as she arrived at the prestigious Melbourne Cup Carnival -- or more accurately , all attention was focused on the 22-year-old 's legs . "  The most beautiful girl in the world " had stepped out at Flemington Racecourse wearing a minidress five inches above her knees , with no hat , stockings or gloves . In an era when women did n't leave the house without wearing a hat , it was an outfit which both scandalized the nation and sparked a fashion revolution which would define the Swinging Sixties . As the Melbourne Cup prepares for its 52nd "  Fashions on the Field " competition , the iconic image of Shrimpton in "  that dress " has gained almost mythical status in the history of a horse race now worth $ 6.2 million in prize money . Known as "  The race that stops a nation , " it is one of the richest thoroughbred competitions in the world , and is so revered in its home state of Victoria that its annual date -- the first Tuesday in November -- has been made a public holiday . But in 1965 it was Shrimpton 's legs which famously stopped the country in its tracks . "  She was one of the world 's first supermodels and her visit was highly anticipated -- everyone was expecting this beautiful hat and accessories , " Victoria Racing Club Art and Heritage curator Penny Tripp told CNN . "  When Jean came marching through the members ' lounge two hours late with her boyfriend of the time -- Hollywood actor Terence Stamp -- in this casual dress , there was absolute silence . " The conservative country was rocked by the seemingly skimpy outfit and , for the first time since the inaugural race in 1861 , the winning horse was knocked off newspaper front pages -- in favor of Shrimpton 's legs . "  There she was , the world 's highest-paid model , snubbing the iron-clad conventions at fashionable Flemington in a dress five inches above the knee , NO hat , NO gloves , and NO stockings ! " screamed Melbourne newspaper The Sun . "  The Shrimp , " as she was known , had been employed by textile manufacturer DuPont de Nemours International to be a judge in the annual "  Fashions on the Field " dress competition . The face of "  Swinging Sixties London " was flown to other side of the world to promote DuPont 's new fabric , Orlon , during the four days of the Melbourne Cup Carnival -- Derby Day , Melbourne Cup , Oakes Day and Stakes Day . Shrimpton was sent rolls of the material , designing her secret wardrobe with London dressmaker Colin Rolfe . With limited fabric , Rolfe was forced to create the now-famously short dress . Though Shrimpton appeared undeterred by the length , telling Australian Women 's Weekly magazine : "  I always wear my day dresses above the knee . " DuPont quickly employed Melbourne milliner Adele Chapeaux to create a hat for Shrimpton 's next appearances . The model complied -- for one day . By the end of the carnival she had converted back to her trademark stripped-back mod look . "  It had an enormous impact on the fashion world , " Tripp said . "  Shrimpton credits the arrival of the miniskirt to her wearing it at Derby Day , though it was probably London designer Mary Quant who invented it the year before . "  Regardless , it was very much the pivotal moment of the introduction of the miniskirt to an international stage . " Despite the scandal , Melbourne designers copied the fashion icon in droves . The following year , newspaper The Age reported : "  Last year 's controversial Miss Shrimpton would have passed unnoticed in the crowd this year . Anyone with hemlines below the knee looked very ` old hat . ' " Today , more than 350,000 people attend the Melbourne Cup Carnival , with 1,100 men and women taking part in last year 's "  Fashions on the Field " event . Competitors are judged on their originality , accessories , understanding of current fashion trends and deportment , with prizes including a Lexus IS 250C F Sport convertible . "  I think to the rest of the world , the Melbourne Cup probably looks like one big party -- and that 's exactly what it is , " said Angela Menz , the 2011 fashion competition winner . "  Everyone makes an effort to dress up . But it 's done in a very different way to say , Ascot in England , for example . The lifestyle in Australia is quite relaxed -- we do n't have to wear gloves and jackets because it does n't get that cold . "  By today 's standards , Shrimpton 's dress was actually quite long . " This year , Menz is predicting lots of tall hats , rather than traditional large brims . "  Head wear has been getting quite sculptural , almost like a piece of art on the head , " she said . Since Shrimpton first graced Flemington , international celebrities have become a regular feature of the Melbourne Cup , with high-profile appearances from Britain 's Princess Diana in 1985 , Kate Bosworth in 2006 and fellow American actress Sarah Jessica Parker last year . The Melbourne Cup is as much about its fashion stakes as its horses . But when it comes to groundbreaking outfits , no one has ever come close to "  The Shrimp . "	Model Jean Shrimpton caused outrage by wearing mindress to 1965 Melbourne Cup Hemline five inches above the knee sparked Swinging Sixties fashion revolution 2012 marked the 50th anniversary of the horse race 's "  Fashions on the Field " competition Today style is more relaxed at the internationally-renowned Australian event
CNN  -- "  When a man is tired of London , he is tired of life , " memorably proclaimed Samuel Johnson . Whereupon that man -- presumably -- is buried in London . Lucky him  or her  . The city has some of the best , most atmospheric , cemeteries in the world . Luminaries from Karl Marx  Highgate Cemetery  to the suffragette Emmeline Pankhurst  Brompton Cemetery  to Johnson himself  Westminster Abbey , which is really not your everyday resting place  are buried here . Being famous , though , does n't guarantee an interesting gravestone . Some of the best tombs belong to the largely forgotten , people who nonetheless seemed to have had big plans for the hereafter . Tom Sayers : The big sleep Highgate is the most famous of London 's great Victorian cemeteries , bursting with big names and bombastic memorials . Yet in choosing her favorite gravestone , Catharine Arnold , author of "  Necropolis -- London and its Dead , " picks someone removed from the worlds of literature and the arts , with which Highgate is normally associated . Tom Sayers ' tomb , guarded by his "  immortal dog ... faithful to the last -LSB- is -RSB- a great example of Victorian animal memorial art , " she says . Sayers was a bare-knuckle boxer , whose final fight is considered to have been in effect the first boxing world championship . It ended in chaos , but won him an army of fans . An estimated 100,000 people turned up to his funeral in 1865 , with his dog , Lion , as chief mourner . Highgate Cemetery , Swain 's Lane , Highgate . Tours Monday-Friday , 1:45 p.m. , Saturday and Sunday , 11 a.m.-4 p.m ; ร # 12.00 adults , ร # 6 children ; +44ย208ย340ย1834 Andrew Ducrow : Colossus of tombstones Kensal Green is among the most formal of great London cemeteries , but it still has tombs wacky enough to get the deads ' net curtains twitching -- or so you imagine . The flamboyant Victorian circus owner Andrew Ducrow -- the so-called "  Colossus of Equestrians " -- could n't decide which classical theme he wanted on the family tomb , so he went for them all . Egyptian sphinxes jostle with Greek capitals and Roman tablets lean against Gothic angels in what Catharine Arnold describes as a "  suitably OTT monument to a larger than life showman . " The Builder magazine merely calls it "  ponderous coxcombery . " Kensal Green Cemetery , Harrow Road , Kensal Green ; +44ย208ย969ย0152 William and Agnes Loudon : Six feet above The immaculate graveyard of St. John the Baptist church in the London neighborhood of Pinner , a former hamlet , has its fair share of carved skulls and weathered inscriptions to once-cherished octogenarians -- and one very odd memorial . The legend holds that William Loudon and his wife , Agnes , inherited some money , but the bequest would end when they were buried . The obvious solution was to stick their coffin in an enormous stone wedge , making it practically impossible to bury -- and also quite difficult to look at . It was erected in 1809 by their son , John Loudon , later an influential voice in the cemetery-preservation movement . Pinner Parish Church , Church Lane , Pinner , Middlesex Sir Richard Burton : Kama Sutra forever Sir Richard Burton is best known for his saucy translations of "  The One Thousand and One Nights " and for publishing "  The Kama Sutra " in English . Although his wife , Isabel , a devout Catholic , claimed to be mortified by his interests , she appeared to celebrate them on his death by erecting a mausoleum in the shape of an Arabian tent in the incongruous surroundings of a suburban churchyard . Throughout the rest of her life , Isabel would take afternoon tea and hold the odd sร ยฉ ance inside the tomb before joining her husband in there on her own demise . Nosy visitors can peer through a window in the roof at two dusty coffins surrounded by lanterns , camel bells and murals of the night sky . St Mary Magdalen Church , 61 North Worple Way , Mortlake ; + 44ย208ย876ย1326 Frank Bostock : Guarded by London 's loveliest lion Many London cemeteries have a lion -- animals of all stripes are well represented in its graveyards -- but perhaps the most elegant has since 1912 slept in the jungle that is overgrown Abney Park in Stoke Newington . The beautiful stone-carved creature commemorates menagerist Frank Bostock , who traveled the world with big cats , occasionally branching out to camels and hyenas . "  People stroke the Abney Park lion 's left paw for luck -- the marble is bright and shiny as a result , " says Catharine Arnold . Abney Park Cemetery , Stoke Newington High Street , Stoke Newington ; +44ย207ย275ย7557 Thomas Hardy : The tree of death Acclaimed author Thomas Hardy 's first job , in the 1860s , was at St. Pancras Old Church , where he helped to exhume thousands of skeletons from the cemetery in the way of the new Midland Railway line . The bones were reburied , but Hardy was left with the gravestones . He got rid of some by stacking them around a young ash tree . Whether or not he meant the solution to be permanent , roots and stone are today completely fused . The ancient churchyard , once a haunt of grave robbers , is now one of the most peaceful places in busy St. Pancras . St Pancras Old Church , Pancras Road , London Hannah Courtoy : The spinster 's ` time machine ' "  It looks like Dr. Who 's TARDIS as designed by the architects of the Death Star , " says author and publisher Mark Pilkington , who 's been investigating time machine claims about the mysterious last resting place of three Victorian spinsters . Like so many 19th-century British tombs , this one in Brompton Cemetery is Egyptian in style . What distinguishes it are the strange hieroglyphic carvings and a twisted monogram on the door . Built in 1852 for unmarried Hannah Courtoy and her daughters , no plans for the tomb have been found and it 's the only monument in Brompton Cemetery for which no key can be found . The time machine story supposedly dates to a mischievous 1998 press release . Brompton Cemetery , Fulham Road ; +44ย207ย352ย1201 Douglas Adams : Bare bones You could n't find a stronger or more stylish contrast to the dominant grandiose tendency in gravestone design than the plain monument to the bestselling comic sci-fi author Douglas Adams . Located in the newer , eastern part of Highgate Cemetery , the tomb belonging to the author of "  The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " has merely his name , the year of his death  2001  and a description : "  Writer . " Highgate Cemetery details above .	The best tombs in London belong to the famous and lesser known alike Explorer Richard Burton rests in extravagant digs One coffin hangs permanently in the air Author Douglas Adams wastes few words on his headstone
CNN  -- After 34 years of invitations , the "  Boss " finally said yes to the National Football League . Bruce Springsteen was first asked to play the Super Bowl in 1975 , his bandmate says . Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band headline the Super Bowl XLIII halftime show in Tampa , Florida , on Sunday . E Street guitarist Nils Lofgren promises it will be "  a very cool thing , " but would only hint at what four Springsteen songs the band will play . "  One of them has to be ` Born to Run , ' but he 's got over 400 great songs , " Lofgren said . The song list , in fact , is subject to change "  knowing Bruce , since what we do is so improvisational , " he said "  We 've got the best bandleader in the business and whatever we decide to do , we 'll be able to do it well and I 'm sure it will be a great ride , " he said . Lofgren said the NFL first asked Springsteen to play at the Super Bowl in 1975 , but he declined . "  They keep offering it to him and he keeps turning them down , " he said . "  So , we were thrilled that he had a change of heart and decided to do it . " Springsteen is taking the E Street Band on tour a world tour beginning April 1 to support the band 's latest album , which was released January 27 . The new album -- "  Working on a Dream " -- sounds "  very fresh and in your face , " Lofgren said . Singer-actress Jennifer Hudson will deliver the National Anthem before the start of Sunday 's game , her first public performance since her mother , brother and nephew were found shot to death in October . Faith Hill will sing "  America the Beautiful " during the pregame show at Raymond James Stadium . The 2009 Super Bowl will be broadcast February 1 in 230 countries and territories , the NFL said . More than 148 million American viewers watched the 2008 game , the NFL said . CNN 's John Lorinc contributed to this report .	E Street guitarist Nils Lofgren promises show will be "  a very cool thing " He wo n't say what four songs Springsteen and band will play Jennifer Hudson , Faith Hill also will sing at Super Bowl XLIII Sunday
Oak Creek , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Members of the Sikh temple where six people died in a weekend rampage swept , scrubbed and painted over damage to their building Thursday after investigators allowed them back inside . A lone bullet hole remained in a metal door frame , which members say wo n't be repaired . The doorway leads to the main prayer area , where the only female victim -- 41-year-old Paramjit Kaur -- was killed . But elsewhere , the congregation was busy polishing the tile floors , touching up patched drywall and replacing carpet , using donated supplies ; and reopening the dining hall , where the SIkhs run an open kitchen for the community . Several members wept as they walked in , while others embraced . Remembering the victims "  It takes a toll on you , thinking about the lives that were lost , when you realize our temple will never be the same again , " said Kanwardeep Singh Kaleka , whose uncle Satwant Singh Kaleka was among those dead . Kaleka said it was hard coming back to the temple , known as a gurdwara -- but members returned as soon as police allowed them , "  so we can start off here tomorrow for those six people and really for the future of the world community . " Authorities have identified the man behind the rampage as Wade Michael Page , a 40-year-old former soldier-turned-front man for a white supremacist rock band . Page killed himself in the parking lot of the suburban Milwaukee gurdwara after being shot by a police officer , the FBI said Wednesday . Investigators say they found no clues to explain why Page went on the killing spree . But standing with the relatives of other victims , Amardeep Kaleka , the son of the congregation 's slain leader , called the killings an act of cowardice . "  Simply put , our families -- his mother , who left behind two beautiful boys ... our father , the four other victims , the people who were shot and are in the hospital , the police officer who did his job -- they are heroes , " he said . "  They were living the American dream . The other person was a coward . And at the end of the day , he should always be remembered as a coward . Wisconsin siblings tell of running to warn others as temple shooting erupted In addition to the six dead , three people -- two temple members and a police officer who responded to Sunday 's attack -- remained hospitalized Thursday . Lt. Brian Murphy , the Oak Creek police officer shot nine times after he responded to the scene , was in satisfactory condition , Froedtert Hospital officials reported . The condition of Santokh Singh , 50 , was upgraded to serious , the hospital said . He underwent two surgeries after suffering a single gunshot wound that penetrated his chest , diaphragm , stomach and liver . Punjab Singh , 65 , suffered a single gunshot wound to the face that caused fractures and damage to his right carotid and vertebral arteries . "  There is evidence he also may have subsequently suffered a stroke , " the hospital said in a statement , adding that he was on a ventilator in critical condition . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is to speak Friday at a memorial service for the victims to be held at Oak Creek High School . The incident occurred slightly more than two weeks after a shooting at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , left 12 people dead and 58 wounded . Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson , who visited the gurdwara on Thursday , said more massacres will come unless the United States tightens up its gun laws . "  It 's easy to be polite to say ` We 're so sorry this happened ' and give the same speech at the next killing a month from now , " Jackson said . "  There 's some point where move from politeness to a change in policy . " A CNN/ORC International poll released Thursday indicates that the public remains divided on gun laws , with 50 % saying they favor no restrictions or only minor restrictions on firearm ownership and 48 % supporting major restrictions or a complete ban by individuals except police and other authorized personnel . Those numbers are identical to where they were in 2011 , and the number who support major restrictions or a complete ban has remained in the 48 % - to-50 % range for more than a decade . The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International Tuesday and Wednesday , after Sunday 's shootings at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin and after last month 's shootings at a movie theater in Colorado . Pollsters surveyed 1,010 American adults , with a sampling error of three percentage points . Complete coverage of the Sikh temple shooting CNN 's Poppy Harlow and David Mattingly contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Our temple will never be the same again , " member says NEW : Gunman Wade Michael Page will be remembered "  as a coward , " Sikh leader 's son says Two of the three wounded people are improving One of the wounded remains in critical condition
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Black Spartacus Heart Attack Machine " is the first single off Tom Morello 's new solo album , and it 's an ode to his guitar . That 's not surprising for the Rage Against the Machine axeman , who was once No. 26 on Rolling Stone 's list of the "  100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time . " "  I got this new steel string , " he explains , holding up his black acoustic with a bit of pride . "  Mick Jones of The Clash referred to his main guitar as a ` heart attack machine , ' and it 's black , so I called it ` Black Spartacus . ' " When asked if he might one day write a real love song , as opposed to one for his guitar , Morello rolls his eyes . "  Why do people keep asking me that ? " he says before launching into an overtly sexual jam , worthy of a '70s porno flick . "  Try making babies to that ! " In the next room , Ben Harper chuckles . "  That guy 's made plenty of baby-making songs , " Morello says . Harper laughs again . He knows it 's true . The two musicians have an easy friendship . For years , they 've supported each other 's charitable endeavors and activist causes -- which inadvertently led to their first duet , the gospel-tinged "  Save the Hammer for the Man . " It 's a track on "  World Wide Rebel Songs , " Morello 's fourth record under the guise of his Nightwatchman alter ego . "  We were playing a show in Chicago for some union issue , and some of the other musicians on the bill were grousing about not getting paid , " Morello says . "  One of the other musicians canceled the show because he had to return to his vineyard . We were on the phone kind of moaning about this , and Ben said , ` Tom , you let me know if you want me to put the hammer down . ' And I said , ` Ben , save the hammer for the man . ' And we 're like , ` Hold on . One day , that must be a song ! ' " Morello says he and Harper have a lot in common , "  from the ethnicity of our parents to quite a number of things . " Both hail from white moms and black dads . "  We like to consider ourselves the biracial , punk rock Everly Brothers , " Morello says . In the home studio where the pair recorded "  Save the Hammer for the Man , " the 47-year-old singer-songwriter spoke with CNN about "  World Wide Rebel Songs " and how events in his childhood shaped his political activism . CNN : "  World Wide Rebel Songs " has a broader focus than your previous albums . The Nightwatchman has gone global . Tom Morello : I was not looking into a crystal ball when writing the songs for "  World Wide Rebel Songs . " I wrote the songs about a year and a half ago , and yet worldwide events have caught up with them -- from the maquiladoras of Tijuana  plants that export manufactured goods  , to the unrest in Europe and North Africa . It 's a record with a global focus , and it 's part folk record and part rock record . CNN : You pick up the electric guitar , which you really have n't done as The Nightwatchman . Morello : This is the first Nightwatchman record where I really play a lot of electric guitar . About three years ago , I played an electric version of Bruce Springsteen 's "  The Ghost of Tom Joad " with Bruce on stage , and it was the first time I 'd ever sung with an electric guitar in my hands . I realized I could do what I do best as an electric guitar player without sacrificing the integrity of the political , folk music singer-songwriterism that I enjoy very much . CNN : Are you getting more comfortable as a singer these days ? Morello : It 's a matter of playing hundreds and hundreds of gigs , and recording four records of my material . Some of my favorite singers have been Johnny Cash or Leonard Cohen -- people who may not be able to hit a high "  C " on the piano , but whose voices contain the gravitas that makes the music feel like they mean it . CNN : This is a really autobiographical album , is n't it ? Morello : While the events it speaks of are on a global level , it 's also the most personal Nightwatchman record , as well . I deal in some parts of the record with my Kenyan heritage . Music , I think , is best when it honestly explores personal demons , and it stirs around in the silt of the psyche to find out what 's really there . And if it 's true and it rhymes , I 'll put it on the record . CNN : There 's a song on this record , "  Facing Mount Kenya , " that seems quite personal , given your family 's history in Kenya . Morello : My parents met in Kenya . My father is African , is Kenyan . The Kenyan side of my family was involved in the anticolonial movement . My great uncle was Jomo Kenyatta , Kenya 's first president , who led the movement to oust the British from Kenya . I did n't grow up with my Kenyan family . I grew up in a small , conservative suburb of Chicago . The song "  Facing Mount Kenya " explores the pride in that country and the distance from it as well . CNN : What was it like growing up biracial in a small Illinois town ? Morello : I literally integrated the small town of Libertyville , Illinois . I was the first person of color to reside within its borders , which was confirmed when the real estate agent had to go door-to-door in the apartment building we wanted to rent , asking if it was OK for this interracial family -- my mom is white and I was a 1-year-old half-African kid -- to live in the apartment building . The sales pitch was , "  Well , look , he 's not an American Negro . He 's a very exotic African , " and that was something that the neighbors were like , "  Oh , that 's very interesting ! " -- until I got old enough to date their daughters . CNN : Were there any incidents of racism you can talk about ? Morello : People often ask how I became political , or when I became political . When you 're the only black kid growing up in an all-white town , you find your politics on the first playground that you go onto . In some ways , it was an idyllic place to grow up -- but when I was 13 , there was a noose in my family 's garage . There was some name-calling throughout . You know , race is not an issue that is settled to this day . In the Northern suburbs , certainly in the 1970s , it was a hot button . CNN : You graduated from Harvard . Then all of a sudden , you were a rock star . Morello : The first Nightwatchman album is called "  One Man Revolution . " It 's not a misnamed album . I was the only black kid in an all-white town . Then I was the only radical student in a conservative high school . Then I was the only rock 'n' roll guitar player at Harvard University . Then I was the only dude with a Harvard diploma in a Hollywood rock 'n' roll band . So in some ways , there 's always been a sense of aloneness . But where I really felt the greatest connection -- outside of close-knit family -- is playing this Nightwatchman music , and in playing it live . This is a place where I feel not disconnected in any way , but very , very connected , and it 's a place that feels like home .	"  It 's a record with a global focus , " Tom Morello says of his new solo album Morello was No. 26 on Rolling Stone 's "  100 Greatest Guitarists of All Tiame " list He talks about the racism he faced growing up in a small Illinois town
London  CNN  -- Ancient Egyptian mummies kept in storage for half a century have gone on display in new state-of-the-art galleries at the Ashmolean Museum of Art and Archaeology at the University of Oxford . Painted wooden sarcophagi decorated with charms , and carefully wrapped and embalmed bodies are now on view in climate-controlled cases following twelve months of painstaking conservation work , alongside a rich array of artifacts from the Nile Valley . They include the almost 3,000-year-old coffin of a High Priest named Iahtefnakt , which was carefully conserved over nine months before its unveiling . But these fragile artifacts have n't just received cosmetic work . The mummy of a man named Djeddjehutyiuefankh , who is thought to have been buried in during the 25th dynasty  between 712 and 770 BC  underwent a CT scan at a nearby hospital in Oxford . The scan revealed amulets in the mouth cavity and stone coverings over the eyes -- and a nearly 3,000-year-old mystery . "  It 's intriguing , because his heart was gone and normally you 'd expect the heart to be in situ , " said Mark Norman , Head of Conservation at the museum . This is because Ancient Egyptians believed they would have to endure a ritual known as "  the weighing of the heart " before a monster in the underworld known as the Devourer . If their hearts were pure , they could pass into the next life ; if not , the heart would be eaten . The cause of Djeddjehutyiuefankh 's death is unknown , but , said Norman , there was no sign of broken bones . In addition to the CT scan of the mummy , the conservation team also used infra-red imaging to see under-drawings beneath Roman-era paintings and used forensic techniques to detect the pigments and materials that ancient artisans would have used . These discoveries were a "  buzz " for Norman and the team of conservators at the museum . "  We get closer to the object than anyone since the object was made -- sometimes even closer , because we use microscopy and image enhancing , " he said . "  The role of conservation is changing and it 's much more about material forensic science , " said Norman . The Ashmolean Museum is one of the leading centers for the display and study of ancient Egypt and Nubia  modern-day Sudan  . Its collection contains a number of artifacts excavated by the so-called "  fathers " of modern archaeology , including Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie and Francis Llewellyn Griffith , who were working in the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries . It even includes items excavated in the 1600s . Highlights from the collection are being displayed in the museum 's recently redeveloped galleries and include 5,000-year-old limestone statues , the Nubian Shrine of Taharqa -- the only complete freestanding Pharaonic building in Britain -- and Roman-era portraits of mummies . Liam McNamara , Assistant Keeper of the Ancient Egypt & Sudan collection at the Ashmolean , hopes the museum 's redeveloped Ancient Egypt and Nubia galleries , which open to the public Saturday , will showcase the reality of ancient Egypt and help dispel some of the myths surrounding the ancient civilization . "  The reality of ancient Egypt is equally as exciting as some of the bizarre myths that have been created around it and hopefully the new exhibits at the Ashmolean will inspire the next generation of Egyptologists , " he said .	Ancient Egyptian mummies kept in storage for years are now on display at Oxford 's Ashmolean Museum The mummies and artifacts received careful conservation work as part of the museum 's redevelopment plan Exhibition highlights include CT scan of almost 3,000-year-old mummy and freestanding Pharaonic monument The museum 's ancient Egyptian and Nubian collection is considered one of the strongest in the world
CNN  -- She 's looking over the boat 's edge to spot a dolphin and record its markings . He 's digging for medieval tools in the fields around an abandoned friary . Or they 're simply hearing their native language spoken a bit differently in a different country , where the food does n't quite taste the same . Travel can introduce kids to the world 's real-life wonders , changing their perspective on topics they may have only read about in books . It can literally change their lives . "  There is a kid 's way of seeing the world , " says Keith Bellows , editor-in-chief of National Geographic Traveler magazine and author of National Geographic 's "  100 Places That Can Change Your Child 's Life . " "  As an adult , get out of the way , and stop marching them through an experience . When you get them to slow down and experience a place from their perspective , it 's magic . Not just the place itself , but the experience . " Consider Bellows ' suggestions a step up from simply taking a vacation . He says these places could open your child 's eyes to the diversity of the world , help them learn what interests them and inform how they navigate it as adults . Marco Island , Florida Of course Walt Disney World is a Florida rite of passage for many children  and their parents  but there 's so much to the state that is n't prefabricated . Marco Island is one of those places for Bellows , with beaches showing off the rusticity and charm of old Florida . Kids will love the beach and you can sneak in some science in the spectacular nature surrounding you . To Disney or not to Disney ? Get on board the Dolphin Explorer with your children and turn them into citizen scientists . Capt. Chris Desmond , founder of the 10,000 Islands Dolphins Project , directs children to note the family compositions , behavior and even evidence of shark bites of the dolphins they spot . They give the data to adult biologists onboard who feed it into a computer . The bonus : If a child spots a new dolphin -- most are already known to the crew -- that child gets to name the dolphin . "  Every kid wants to spot a newcomer and it happened on a trip I was on , " says Bellows . Big Sur , California The drive from San Francisco into Big Sur may be Bellows ' favorite drive in the world . "  It is one of the most hair-raising drives in the world , and you get the sense of a wild , driving adventure , " he says . "  I 've done it at least 40 or 50 times , and I never get tired of it . " He recommends renting a convertible and coming down from San Francisco through the agriculture fields onto the California coast , much of which is protected and can be explored along the way . One highlight : Point Lobos State Natural Reserve , just north of Big Sur . "  It really teaches children that if you really love an area , you can protect it . Most of that coastline is protected , and it shows you what happens when you do n't screw it up . " Grand Canyon Nothing makes Bellows feel more humble than standing on the lip of the Grand Canyon , even if he 's standing with thousands of other people . "  It 's a bite out of the Earth , a thrilling glimpse into the inside of the Earth , " he says . Top U.S. spots for family fun When children see the canyon layers below , that 's the first step in their understanding of the geology of the Earth , says Bellows . Take an age-appropriate hike so your children can see the layers and wildlife that make up the canyon . "  They can see we did n't just spring from nothing . This is a wafer sandwich of the world , and we 're going to be one of the layers one day . " Chesapeake Bay , Maryland The nation 's largest estuary , the Chesapeake Bay is filled with 64,000 square miles of rivers , marshes and bays . "  My kids have grown up there kneeling in grass , looking for tadpoles and pulling up crab pots ... and I love it , " says Bellows . "  It 's some of the wildest primitive country we have . You can watch the ebb and flow of oysters , crabs and fishes , and it tells you how you 're treating this incredible place . " It 's the home of the wild ponies children have read about it in Marguerite Henry 's "  Misty of Chincoteague . " Those ponies of Assateague Island National Seashore live in two herds . You can see the ponies at the park but do n't feed them  to keep them wild  . Library of Congress , Washington It 's OK to tell your children that the movie "  National Treasure : Book of Secrets " was filmed at the Library of Congress .  Heck , show them the movie in advance of your trip .  And yes , that it 's the biggest library in the world with 3,800 staff , 500 miles of shelving and 128 million items  with about 10,000 items added each day  . 7 tips for cherry blossom fun in D.C. "  If you go into the Library of Congress , you 're going to tell them it 's a library but it 's also a treasure trove , " says Bellows . Whatever your child likes , whether it 's music or maps or sports or humor , it 's likely he or she can find something about it here . Your children also can get a "  Passport to Knowledge " to guide them to the library 's so-called greatest hits , and they can play at Knowledge Quest kiosks and bookmark places of interest to explore later on a personalized mini-site . New York City A visit to New York for every child who has not grown up there is also a rite of passage , says Bellows . "  Every kid has to go to New York City , and every adult does , too , " he says . "  Every time you go back and have n't been there for awhile , it 's a new place . It 's so big and so fast . " Take the Circle Line boat tour , he suggests , so you can see by sailing around it how small an island Manhattan actually is . You can notice how connected it is to the other islands of Staten Island and Long Island  where Brooklyn and Queens are  and the Bronx , which is actually on the U.S mainland . "  Here 's an island in the middle of nowhere but it 's connected to the entire world . " For children seeing the Statue of Liberty , a Broadway show or the city decorated at Christmas for the first time , "  it gets imprinted on kids ' minds . " London London is a starter city for U.S. parents who want to take their kids out of the country , after you 've explored the nearest metropolitan city and your national parks . "  They speak English in London but a child will know just how foreign it is , with things like Marmite , " says Bellows . "  The wonderful thing about it is , this is a little like Harry Potter world . It 's familiar enough to be safe and foreign enough to be thrilling . " Older children will love the ghoulish  and true  tales of the Tower of London . Begun in the 1070s by William the Conqueror , the tower was Europe 's first fortress . Queen Anne Boleyn was beheaded there in 1536 and is rumored to still haunt the place . Trim , Ireland How could medieval warriors run in chain mail armor ? How heavy is a stone ax , really ? Head to the ruins of the Dominican Black Friary , a short distance from Trim Castle in the town of Trim , Ireland . Once a home for religious men and women , the friary 's ruins are being excavated in a special way . Visitors can get a crash course in excavation and start digging and recording their findings side-by-side with archaeologists and geologists . Younger children get to play at a camp , where they get to pick up heavy stone axes and run in chain mail . Older children will enjoy a tour of nearby Trim Castle , which starred in the movie "  Braveheart . " Hugh de Lacy and his son Walter began construction of the castle , the largest Anglo-Norman castle in Ireland , in the 1170s . The castle protected the medieval village , once a commercial and religious powerhouse . "  What amazing architects these people were , and how remarkably old this is , " says Bellows . "  It 's the quintessential castle . It 's knights , bow and arrows and blood on the ground . " Muskoka , Canada Bellows grew up in Muskoka , two hours north of Toronto in Ontario 's cottage country . "  This is where kids can really connect with wilderness , even more so than the Chesapeake , " he says . "  There are dark lakes and loons at night . You can come out to a fish , flip the canoes and find the air holes underneath . " Almost anyone can rent a cabin in this area known for its more than 1,600 lakes and leave electronic entertainment behind , he says . "  It is simple , simple living . You can take off your shoes for days " and simply run around barefoot . Galapagos Islands There 's no doubt this trip is expensive . People who want to visit the Galapagos Islands have to take approved tours , designed to protect the islands ' fragile ecology . This is where Charles Darwin developed his theory of evolution , where nearby islands have different ecologies and animals who have adapted differently to their environments . "  There is no place like it in the world , " says Bellows . "  I 've been twice , and the first time I went , I realized what Darwin was talking about . You see two birds who look the same but they have different vocalizations . It 's like two people speaking English but one person is from Brooklyn and the other is from Boston . " The animals have no fear of humans , so your children will swim with dolphins and turtles and play near seals . But it 's not all peaceful . "  I saw a seal attacked by a shark and dying , tortoises leaning into each other , both dead , " he says . "  You 're on a beach and you see crabs hatch prematurely in the middle of the day , slowly breaking down . It 's Darwin 's theory of evolution and the survival of the fittest . " A tough , but essential , life lesson . Where do you want to take your children before they grow up ? What do you think is important or them to see ? Please share in the comments below .	Introduce your child to marine biology by searching for dolphins Would-be geologists and anthropologists can be inspired by a Grand Canyon hike Catch crabs and watch the wild horses run on the banks of the Chesapeake Become an archaeologist for the day on a dig at a medieval Irish community
CNN  -- Longshot thoroughbred Mine That Bird plowed down a muddy track at Churchill Downs to win the 135th Kentucky Derby on Saturday by several lengths . Calvin Borel atop Mind That Bird crosses the finish line to win the 135th running of the Kentucky Derby . "  Fifty-to-1 ! " jockey Calvin Borel exulted after the race , referring to the odds on his mount at post time . "  It 's all in the head . " Borel and Mine That Bird worked their way up from the middle of the pack in the home stretch to finish with a 6 3/4 - length lead over second-place finisher Pioneer of the Nile , a 4-1 pick . Musket Man , at 20-1 , finished third . It was Borel 's second time riding a Kentucky Derby winner , having won the 2007 race aboard Street Sense . And it was a bad day for favorites , with top overnight pick I Want Revenge scratched after trainers found a problem in its left front ankle and post-time top pick Friesan Fire finishing near the back of the 19-horse field . I Want Revenge wrenched its ankle while training on the wet track Friday morning , race officials said , and trainer Jeff Mullins said the horse is also not likely to run in the Preakness -- the second event in horse racing 's Triple Crown -- on May 16 . Churchill Downs veterinarian Dr. Larry Bramlage said the decision showed Mullins and owner David Lanzman "  are not getting swept up in Derby fever and making a poor judgment call today . " "  We have to err on the side of caution , " Bramlage said . "  And so I would like to commend the owners and trainer as well for doing what 's right by the horse until we can figure out what 's going on . " The sport has seen two dramatic deaths in the past three years . Second-place thoroughbred Eight Belles had to be euthanized on the track after collapsing with two broken ankles just after crossing the finish line in the 2008 Kentucky Derby . And in 2006 , Derby winner Barbaro 's right rear leg shattered at the start of that year 's Preakness . Veterinarians managed to save the horse in the aftermath of the race , but ongoing complications from the catastrophic injury led to the horse being put down the following January .	Thoroughbred was 50-1 longshot at post time . Mine That Bird pulls away down the stretch I Want Revenge , the morning-line favorite , was a scratch Trainer Jeff Mullins says Revenge unlikely to run in the Preakness
CNN  -- The body of a man found last weekend in a mangrove area near Miami is that of a 42-year-old passenger who fell two days earlier from a small plane , Florida authorities said Tuesday . The Miami-Dade County Medical Examiner Department identified the body as Gerardo Nales , of Key Biscayne . The body was discovered Saturday at 10:30 a.m. , he said . Authorities had been looking for the Key Biscayne man since a pilot 's mayday distress call sent them scrambling . "  I have a door ajar , " said the pilot of the single-engine Piper PA-46 aircraft , "  and a passenger that fell down . " Nales , the only other person aboard , "  opened the back door and he just fell down the plane , " the pilot said , according to a recording of his conversation with air traffic controllers . The pilot , whose name has not been released , said he was flying Thursday afternoon at an altitude of 1,800 feet about two miles from shore when the incident occurred . A police spokeswoman said Saturday after the body was found that it was unclear whether Nales accidentally fell out of the plane or deliberately jumped . Homicide detectives are involved , as they are in all death investigations , Miami-Dade police spokeswoman Sgt. Robin Pinkard said last week . The private plane went on to land safely at Kendall-Tamiami Executive Airport , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Passenger killed in vintage plane crash CNN 's John Branch and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	The body was found Saturday morning in a mangrove area near Miami Medical examiner confirms body is that of 42-year-old Gerardo Nales Pilot tells authorities his passenger fell out at 1,800 feet
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- The search for an aircraft carrying 18 people , which has been missing in the mountains of western Nepal since Sunday afternoon , continued Monday morning , authorities said . The 40-year-old Canadian-made Twin Otter aircraft in question belongs to state-owned Nepal Airlines . It was flying from the tourist town of Pokhara , about 200 kilometers  124 miles  west of Kathmandu , en route to Jumla , a remote town about 600 kilometers  373 miels  northeast of Kathmandu . "  It was supposed to land at 1:45 p.m. , but it did not arrive , " said Bimlesh Karna at the rescue coordination center at Tribhuvan International Airport . The flight usually takes an hour . The plane was flying in inclement weather as it had been raining and snowing across the country for the past few days . Among the 18 on board are three crew members and a Danish national . Of the 17 Nepalese , one is a child , Karna said . Mingma Lama , senior superintendent of police , is heading a 150-member police search team . He said locals have reported that pieces of the aircraft have been found . Bam Bahadur Bhandari , regional police chief in Pokhara , also said locals had seen wreckage . He said a search helicopter had also spotted the wreckage but could not find a place to land . The disappearance of the plane has again raised concern over Nepal 's air safety record . There were two fatal air crashes each year from 2010 to 2012 in this Himalayan country .	Authorities say 18 people were aboard an aircraft that 's gone missing in Nepal They say villagers report spotting aircraft wreckage
Paris  CNN  -- The missile that brought down the plane carrying the president of Rwanda more than 17 years ago was fired from a camp controlled by his own ethnic group and not by Tutsi rebels , attorneys for the rebels said Wednesday . The April 1994 crash of the plane near the capital , Kigali , and the death of then-President Juvenal Habyarimana , a member of the Hutu majority , was followed hours later by the start of mass killings . By the time they ended 100 days later , 800,000 people had died . Most of the dead were members of the country 's Tutsi minority , who were killed by Hutus . The killing of Tutsis and moderate Hutus by Hutu militants ended when the Rwandan Patriotic Front -- composed of Tutsis under the leadership of current President Paul Kagame -- halted the Hutu militants . Also on board the plane was then-Burundi President Cyprian Ntayamira . Ntayamira was also a Hutu . A report on the plane attack -- written as part of a French judicial investigation -- has not been released publicly . However , officials said experts appointed by French Judges Marc Trevidic and Nathalie Poux had identified Kanombe Military Barracks as the site from which the rocket was launched . The Kanombe camp at the time was controlled by "  Hutu extremists in the former Rwandan army and their European advisers , " said Bernard Maignain and Leon-Lef Forster , attorneys for the Rwandan Patriotic Front , in a statement . "  The responsibility of the RPF in the attack is therefore dismissed . " The experts and judges traveled to Rwanda in September 2010 to view the scene of the attack , the attorneys said . Once there , they had the opportunity to conduct field surveys and simulations , and "  they could also hear eyewitnesses who saw or heard the firing of missiles . "  It is clear from their analysis that the probable location of firing was strictly inaccessible at the time to the men of the RPF , " Maignain and Forster said . In 2006 , French Judge Jean-Louis Bruguiere , who was previously in charge of the investigation , requested arrest warrants against nine Rwandan nationals belonging to the RPF , according to Maignain and Forster . Seven people are still "  under investigation , " they said , but they also accused the former judge of dismissing all evidence suggesting the RPF might not have been the perpetrators of the attack . The latest report , the attorneys noted , is a "  turning point . " The French Foreign Ministry declined to comment on the report , saying it was part of a judicial investigation started because the crew members of the downed plane were French . Asked about the Rwandan opposition 's request for an international inquiry into the report , the ministry said France supports the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda as a means to shed light on the Rwandan killings . Rwanda 's government welcomed the report . "  The crash served as an excuse for key perpetrators to execute a meticulously planned genocide against the Tutsi , " the government 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation said in a statement . The plane , which was struck as it prepared to land at Kigali International Airport , was bringing Habyarimana home from negotiations over the Arusha peace accords , which had created a power-sharing government between rebels and the Rwandan government . "  Today 's findings constitute vindication for Rwanda 's long-held position on the circumstances surrounding events of April 1994 , " said Louise Mushikiwabo , foreign minister and government spokeswoman , in the statement . "  With this scientific truth , Judges Trevidic and Poux have slammed shut the door on the 17-year campaign to deny the genocide or blame its victims . It is now clear to all that the downing of the plane was a coup d'etat carried out by extremist Hutu elements and their advisers who controlled Kanombe Barracks . " CNN 's Niki Cook contributed to this report .	The crash killed the then-presidents of Rwanda and Burundi It sparked a wave of mass killings in Rwanda ; some 800,000 died The downing of the plane was a Hutu coup d'etat , foreign minister says
CNN  A sergeant wipes away a tear while kneeling before a battlefield cross at a Memorial Day ceremony for fallen service members at Camp Lemonnier in Djibouti . Seven Air Force recruits plunge into the deep end of a swimming pool , their hands and feet bound , in a training exercise meant to prepare them for stressful real-world operations . An Air Force captain jumps rope in a Texas gym despite missing her left leg , which was amputated after being diagnosed with cancer . These striking images are among the winning entries in the 2014 Military Photographer of the Year competition , open to photography by U.S. service members only . Winners of the annual contest , judged by the Stars and Stripes newspaper , were announced this month . The Military Photographer of the Year honor went to Air Force Staff Sgt. Vernon Young , a photojournalist with Airman magazine , the official magazine of the U.S. Air Force . The judges recognized Young for the strength and breadth of his images , among them a F-16 pilot refueling in midair , a soldier whacking golf balls into the Afghan desert and a Navy lieutenant celebrating after winning a game of cards . The contest is part of the Defense Department 's Visual Information Awards Program , designed to recognize and promote excellence among military photographers , videographers , journalists , mass communication specialists and graphic artists .	Winners announced in the 2014 Military Photographer of the Year competition The annual contest is open to U.S. service members
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's announcement that the United States will move toward restoring diplomatic ties with Cuba is great news for those of us who looked at the 50-year-old embargo as an ineffective foreign policy relic . Not only will moves such as expanding commercial sales and exporting goods and services to the island of 13 million people create goodwill with a country just 90 miles away , it will create more U.S. jobs and allow Cuban cigar aficionados to come out of the closet . It is also an important countermove to the advances made by Russian President and geo-political agitator Vladimir Putin . In addition to his annexation of Crimea and invading the Ukraine earlier this year , Putin has quietly been re-establishing Russia 's ties with Cuba . Ties that were severed because the Soviet Union was no longer able to be Cuba 's Sugar Daddy following its collapse in 1991 . Sitting back and holding on to a failed foreign policy strategy while Putin got reacquainted with our neighbor off the coast would not be a smart move -- even if Russia 's economy is in shambles . In short , there are a lot of practical reasons why this historic announcement makes sense . And while there will certainly be critics pointing out what the deal with Cuba does not contain -- such as removal of the Castro regime -- it is important not to limit discussion about our relationship with Cuba to one family 's ascendance to power . After all , Fidel Castro did not just appear in a vacuum . We created him . Or rather we foolishly nurtured the environment in which someone like him could rise to power . That 's because before Castro there was Fulgencio Batista -- and he , unfortunately , was our guy . Batista authorized the killing of 20,000 of his own people to stay in power , according to a speech by Senator  soon to be President  John F. Kennedy in 1960 . He was a man , who , when on the cusp of losing an election , led a military coup and abolished democracy to keep power . A man who stole hundreds of millions from his own people , denied dark-skinned Cubans an education , forced them to work as indentured servants on white-owned sugar plantations and used the weapons we supplied him to quash any movement that would challenge his corrupt government . So before Sen. Marco Rubio and others talk about Castro , we should talk about how the United States called Batista an ally and friend much in the way we called Egypt 's corrupt president , Hosni Mubarak , an ally and friend . The way we supported Iraq 's now-disgraced prime minister , Nouri al-Maliki . The way we propped up oppressive dictatorships such as Alfredo Stroessner in Paraguay and the Dominican Republic 's Rafael Trujillo . In Batista , the U.S. shamelessly backed someone who viciously oppressed his citizens because he protected our interests . In the 1960 speech , Kennedy noted "  at the beginning of 1959 U.S. companies owned about 40 percent of the Cuban sugar lands -- almost all the cattle ranches -- 90 percent of the mines and mineral concessions -- 80 percent of the utilities -- and practically all the oil industry - and supplied two-thirds of Cuba 's imports . " In short , we pillaged the land and then became indignant when Castro sided with our enemy , Russia . Here we are decades later , Cubans are once again hurting economically because of our actions ... should we sit back and allow an anti-U.S. sentiment to encourage Cuba to side with Russia once again ? Or do we look at our history and learn from it ? When we talk about the embargo , and the Cuban Missile Crisis and evil dictators , let no U.S. policymaker whitewash our role . When President Obama 's critics demand we seek some say in Cuba 's future leadership ask them about our history of picking leaders for other nations . And when Cuban exiles talk about the land Castro stole be sure to ask them why was life so good for them under Batista , a man Kennedy said led "  one of the most bloody and repressive dictatorships in the long history of Latin American repression . " As , I said earlier , Castro did n't appear in a vacuum . None of which is meant to defend the horrific human rights violations committed by his regime in the years following the Cuban Revolutionary War . I have spent weeks in Cuba and have heard the stories about Batista and Che Guevara from those who lived through the bloodshed . Who whisper about Castro 's barbaric firing squads for fear that the wrong person may overhear . I spoke with people who quietly run restaurants out of their homes , fearing one night government officials will come to seize what they 've worked so hard to build . The people I spoke with love their country ... but they love our freedom . They desire our freedom . And clearly this 50-year-plus embargo has not led to them obtaining this freedom . We 've managed to do business with other communist nations without viewing it as a threat to national security . We 've managed to do business with other nations accused of gross human rights violations without questioning our own morality . And the Russia that provided so much angst during the Cold War is nowhere near the geo-political juggernaut it was when the embargo went into effect in 1960 . Cuban neighborhoods are peppered with incomplete construction projects , a byproduct of the lost financial support after the 1991 collapse of the USSR . Libraries I visited have dilapidated roofs and are starved for current books . Tourists from Europe and Canada are greeted with opened arms . And here we are , 90 miles away , trying to pretend everything was OK until Castro showed up when we know that was not the case . A local in Havana told me when Batista was in power , the poor with physical disabilities were treated like pariah and sometimes killed when young because they could n't work on the sugar plantations . The following week in Santiago de Cuba , I noticed a Castro quote on a sign that read "  La grandeza de un estado se mide por la forma en que brinda attencion a los discapacitados " which roughly translates to "  the greatness of a country is measured by how it treats its disabled . " Again , I 'm not saying Castro is a misunderstood angel . I 'm saying our conversation about U.S.-Cuba relationship does not begin with him . Acknowledging the mistakes we 've made that helped to taint our relationship with our neighbor may put us in a bad light . But it may also shed light on this foreign policy hamster wheel we 're on , where we characterize a bad person as a good one just because we picked them . And not for naught , it may stop Putin from placing a thorn closer to our side .	LZ Granderson : US-Cuba rapprochement is a huge breakthrough He says critics will point to human rights abuses under Castro 's Cuba He says those legitimate points need to be balanced with benefit of history In the 1950s , the U.S. helped create Castro with its support of despotic Batista regime
CNN  "  Scandal " star Kerry Washington stood up for same-sex rights in a fiery speech Saturday night that brought a cheering crowd to its feet . Washington made the remarks in her acceptance speech at the 26th Annual GLAAD Media Awards , where she received the Vanguard Award for promoting equality . In addition to calling for more representation of the LGBT community in Hollywood , she also called out marginalized communities for turning against each other , encouraging them to come together . "  Women , poor people , people of color , people with disabilities , immigrants , gay men , lesbians , bisexuals , trans people , intersex people : we have been pitted against each other and made to feel like there are limited seats at the table for those of us who fall into the category of ` other , ' " she said . "  As others , we are taught that to be successful , we must reject those other others , or we will never belong . " She also challenged black people who do n't support gay marriage to resist "  messages of hate . " "  We ca n't say that we believe in each other 's fundamental humanity and then turn a blind eye to the reality of each others ' existence and the truth of each other 's hearts . We must be allies . And we must be allies in this business because to be represented is to be humanized . And as long as anyone , anywhere is being made to feel less human , our very definition of humanity is at stake and we are all vulnerable . " Watch Washington 's full speech below .	Kerry Washington calls out marginalized communities for turning against each other "  We have been pitted against each other , " she says
CNN  -- Last week , the College Board dealt parents , teachers and the education world a serious blow . According to its latest test results , "  SAT reading scores for the high school class of 2011 were the lowest on record , and combined reading and math scores fell to their lowest point since 1995 . " The reading scores , which stand at 497 , are noticeably lower than just six years ago , when they stood at 508 . And it 's just the second time in the last 20 years that reading scores have dropped so precipitously in a single year . Yet , according to the College Board , there is no reason to panic . The results , they say , "  reflect the record size and diversity of the pool of test-takers . As more students aim for college and take the exam , it tends to drag down average scores . " Since when has diversity and more students taking the test become a legitimate excuse for bad scores ? A conservative certainly could not get away with blaming falling test scores on diversity . Imagine the outcry . Increased diversity and student participation are very good things , but we should not console ourselves with excuses for falling scores , especially considering the amount of money we spend each year on education . The 2011 budget for the Department of Education is estimated to top $ 70 billion , while overall spending on public elementary and secondary education is about $ 600 billion a year . By comparison , in 1972 , before the Department of Education even existed , SAT critical reading scores for college-bound seniors were above 525 , more than 20 points higher than they are today , while today 's math scores are only slightly better than in 1972 . As the United States increases education spending , our students ' scores should not be getting worse . For a long time , I , along with other conservative reformers , have been saying that real reform means more than throwing money at the problem . Now , an unexpected voice from across the political spectrum is agreeing . Steven Brill , founder of Court TV and The American Lawyer magazine , and author of the new book "  Class Warfare : Inside the Fight to Fix America 's Schools , " has turned the journalistic magnifying glass on the nation 's public schools and teachers ' unions . Brill 's book is one of the most in-depth and closely researched looks into the modern workings of the education "  blob " in recent memory . And Brill is a liberal , a very thoughtful and careful liberal , and he is criticizing the heart of liberal power : the teachers ' unions . Brill closely traces the modern education reform movement from Race to the Top , to KIPP Academies , to Teach for America , to such high-profile reformers as Michelle Rhee and Joel Klein , while lamenting obvious long-standing barriers to educational improvement such as the "  last in , first out " policy that requires teachers to be laid off based purely on seniority rather than performance . Brill scours the inner workings of public school teachers ' contracts , uncovering such gems as a New York City contract provision "  allowing the principal no say over the format of a lesson plan . " He recounts his exposure of New York City 's infamous "  rubber rooms , " where hundreds of teachers under investigation for misconduct or incompetence were sidelined for years at full pay with nothing to do but watch the clock tick down each day . The practice was discontinued after his reporting revealed it . In another illustrative case study , Brill compares Harlem Success I , a charter school , with P.S. 149 , a traditional public school . Both schools happen to share the same building in New York City , with very similar students , parents , socioeconomic conditions and environments . But Harlem Success blows P.S. 149 out of the water . Eighty-six percent of its students were proficient in English in 2010 , compared with 29 % of P.S. 149 's . Throughout the book , Brill uses examples like these to explain how fossilized teacher union contracts , lax or nonexistent teacher evaluations , and unmovable wages and benefits have straitjacketed any hope of real reform . The solution , Brill says , is to overhaul the public school education system in order to motivate and inspire better teachers . Rewriting union contracts and paying teachers based on performance , not seniority , are among the first steps Brill advises . The United States can afford to pay our nation 's best teachers more , while holding bad teachers accountable and paying them accordingly . Brill 's work represents a real tug-of-war inside the Democratic Party , between the teachers ' unions and modern reformers , for control of the nation 's education machine . The old guard of the Democratic Party , the AFT and NEA , believe that the blame for stagnant and falling test scores falls on anyone but them . Yet , new Democratic voices , such as Cory Booker , Geoffrey Canada and Rhee , are vocally questioning what was once unquestionable -- that contracts , wages , benefits , accountability and standards need sensible reforms . The latest drop in SAT reading scores should not be written off as a statistical outlier , but should be a wake-up call to heed the chorus of reformers , conservatives and liberals alike , whose prescriptions are timely , relevant and might be just what we need to turn our public schools around . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : SAT reading scores for 2011 high school class were lowest on record Bennett : College board blames record numbers and diversity of test-takers , but this is no excuse He says some Democrats agree that contracts , teacher performance need reform We can afford to pay best teachers more , if worst are held accountable , Bennett says
Spc. Ivan Lopez , who ended his life after killing three people at the Fort Hood , Texas , military base Wednesday , was undergoing diagnostic procedures for post-traumatic stress disorder , according to Lt. Gen Mark Milley , Fort Hood 's commanding general . He was also receiving a variety of treatments for conditions including depression , anxiety and sleep disturbances , Army Secretary John McHugh told the Senate Armed Services Committee Thursday . Lopez did not receive a diagnosis of PTSD , but the incident puts the condition in the spotlight . A big challenge in helping veterans with PTSD is the amount of time that passes before a diagnosis , which can be three to four months , said Terry Lyles , a stress coach in Miami who has worked with PTSD patients and is a civilian contractor with the Department of Defense . In the general population , PTSD is diagnosed right away , but in the military there are bureaucratic holdups before a diagnosis is officially given , he said . "  The system itself gets bogged down . " White House press secretary Jay Carney said Thursday that more needs to be done to support military veterans and their families . "  We need to be very mindful in this country that even as those wars end , what we owe our veterans does not end , " he said . Here are facts you should know about PTSD : Fort Hood shooter was Iraq vet being treated for mental health issues 1 . What is PSTD ? It 's natural to experience fear in dangerous situations . But people with PTSD may behave as though they are under attack when there is no real imminent threat . A person who suffers PTSD typically re-experiences the trauma through flashbacks and nightmares , experiences that can seem as real as the actual trauma . The person often feels intensely that the trauma could happen again at any time . Thoughts and feelings can trigger symptoms , but so can words , situations or objects that remind the person of a traumatic situation . National Institutes of Health : PTSD 2 . How common is it ? Anyone who has experienced a life-threatening situation can develop PTSD , according to Dr. Stephen J. Cozza , a professor of psychiatry at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences . Although over the course of a lifetime , many people have extremely distressing or threatening experiences , only a small percentage will experience PTSD , experts say . The range of responses is largely based on the amount of exposure to the stressor , said Cozza . Most studies examining the rate of PTSD in service members put the rates at about 15 % to 20 % . Thirty percent of service members who have fought in Iraq or Afghanistan have been diagnosed with PTSD , according to a Department of Veterans Affairs study . The nonprofit think-tank RAND Corporation estimates a third of veterans likely have some type of traumatic brain injury , PTSD or depression , which puts the overall number affected at around 600,000 . "  We need to remember that while substantial numbers of vets have mental health conditions , " the majority do not , Cozza said . "  We do n't want to stigmatize our vets , because many of them are not ill , " he said . "  As an organization and as a community , the military has varying levels of health and risk . There are more services for mental health care in the military than there has ever been before . " What is war 's true toll ? The Uncounted 3 . What causes PTSD ? Experiencing any kind of trauma or dangerous event -- including seeing people harmed or killed or personally getting injured -- raises the risk for PTSD . A history of mental illness also makes PTSD more likely , as does a lack of social support after a traumatic event and enduring additional stress in its aftermath . Scientists are looking at the role of genes that are involved in the creation of fear memories . There are also neuroscientists investigating brain differences in people who have PTSD . Genes and brain structural differences may raise a person 's risk for the condition without causing symptoms , according to the National Institutes of Health . The early growth of the brain may be affected by environmental factors or a history of mental illness . 3 . Do other mental illnesses make it worse ? Other problems such as depression and insomnia that a veteran may have had before deployment are magnified with PTSD , Lyles said . "  It does not help itself , " he said . "  It 's kind of like a pinball that gets trapped inside a machine that ca n't get out and just continues to ping around . You try to live your life as normal as possible but it 's always present . " 4 . How is it diagnosed in the military ? A typical PTSD screening would be a well-structured diagnostic interview , and a few other tests , lasting about two hours , said Michael Telch , psychology professor at the University of Texas at Austin . During the debriefing process from the U.S. military , returning soldiers go through an interview and other evaluations that may indicate PTSD , Lyles said . If there is reason to suspect PTSD , the veteran then goes for a full medical evaluation that involves PTSD testing . There is generally not a big lag time to make a medical diagnosis after the two-hour interview , Telch said . However , it can take months before the diagnosis is officially recognized by the military , Lyles said . Many cases of PTSD go undetected because some view the condition as a sign of weakness . Some also do n't want to go through the extra battery of tests when they return home , he said . "  Many of these individuals fall through the cracks , " Lyles said . 5 . Do people with PTSD pose an increased risk of violence to themselves or others ? Having PTSD does not mean that a person will be violent . But certain sounds , images and smells can trigger alarming memories to a person with the condition , and they react as if they were in the midst of war . "  Reality becomes skewed because you 've been trained to be violent , " Lyles said . "  So it 's really hard to shut that out . " PTSD is not only about fear and anxiety . Patients may experience other kinds of emotional disturbances , and violence may be a way that they respond . "  Coping with strong feelings of anger , shame or guilt can be played out in terms of violent behavior , " Telch said . Iraq and Afghanistan veterans who struggle with anger are twice as likely as other vets to be arrested for crimes , according to the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology , which published a study last year . The study , conducted by the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill School of Medicine , examined 1,388 combat veterans . Researchers found that about 23 % of those with PTSD and high irritability had been arrested for criminal offenses . But researchers also found that other factors unrelated to military service -- including growing up around violence or drug abuse -- were factors behind why some vets committed crimes . 6 . Does this impact veterans ' performance in the workplace , after they leave the service ? Employers sometimes cite PTSD as a reason for not hiring veterans , because of public misunderstanding , former President George W. Bush said in February at the George W. Bush Library Military Service Initiative . The condition , he said , is mislabeled as a "  disorder . " "  Employers would not hesitate to hire an employee getting treated for a medical condition like diabetes or high blood pressure , and they should not hesitate to hire veterans getting treated for post-traumatic stress , " Bush said . A person who has been successful in treatment should be able to function in the workplace , Telch said . But without treatment , symptoms can be severe , and impair functioning at work , in social situations and in the family . 8 . How do people with PTSD come back to normal ? Exposure therapy often helps the person with PTSD revisit or re-experience their trauma as a means of lessening the effect the memory has on them , said Dr. Albert "  Skip " Rizzo , a psychiatrist who works with the military and has pioneered use of virtual reality for treating PTSD . This kind of therapy has been around for years . Typically a therapist would ask someone to imagine they are experiencing their trauma again . This would happen repeatedly , and ideally , with each retelling of what happened , the event would seem gradually less threatening . Rizzo , who is with the Institute for Creative Technologies at the University of Southern California , and other experts have employed virtual reality for this purpose . Patients wear goggles and describe their experiences while a technician stands by with a console changing the scene to fit the patient 's description . If the patient recalls hearing a young boy 's voice , for instance , the technician makes that happen . If the patient experienced the trauma at night or in the daytime , or perhaps was involved in an IED explosion , those circumstances will be created in the virtual world . "  We can begin to pace the exposure in a very evocative fashion , " Rizzo said . "  This works because some people do n't engage in the trauma memory at a sufficient level . They do n't engage fully with their imagination to confront difficult memories . " A therapy that uses similar principles is called cognitive processing therapy . It helps patients become aware of their thoughts and feelings and learn how to deal with changes in beliefs from before and after trauma . Some patients also benefit from medication . 9 . What resources are available to help service members , veterans and families ? Everyone in the family of a service member with PTSD needs to be involved in the treatment plan , Lyles said . The U.S. Army Medical Department has a variety of resources on its website . These include the Real Warriors Campaign , which helps service members overcome stigma surrounding mental health treatment , and Army One Source , which helps people locate support services . If you are experiencing suicidal thoughts , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 . VA facilities locator	Thoughts and feelings can trigger symptoms of PTSD Experiencing any kind of trauma or dangerous event raises the risk for PTSD PTSD does not always lead to violent behavior
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor David Arquette ended a one-month stint in a rehab facility , his representative said Sunday . "  He has left after completing treatment , " Arquette representative Cindy Guagenti said . Arquette , who split from wife Courteney Cox in October , entered a live-in rehab facility over the New Year 's weekend , his rep said at the time . Cox and Arquette were married for 11 years and have a 6-year-old daughter , Coco . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Arquette entered rehab over the New Year 's weekend The actor has completed his treatment , his rep says
CNN  -- An Ohio distributor is recalling about 6 million Chinese-made tire valve stems after concluding that some of them were improperly made and could increase the risk of accidents . An Ohio distributor is recalling 6 million Chinese-made car tire valve stems . Tech International , the part 's Johnstown , Ohio-based distributor , estimates that just 8,600 of roughly 6 million of those valves are defective . The valve is a replacement snap-in tire valve -- Model No . TR413 -- manufactured between July and November 2006 . It was imported by Tech International from manufacturer Shanghai Baolong Industries Co. in Shanghai , China , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . According to the recall , the rubber part of the valve may crack after being in use for about six months , causing a gradual loss of tire pressure . Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst , possibly leading to crashes . Tech International told the NHTSA that the company does n't have records of the final purchasers of the valve stems . According to the company , the defect was identified after "  a small number " of the valves were reported by customers and one distributor to have failed . The samples were shipped to China , and , in March , Baolong concluded that some valves could be defective . "  The cause of the defect is likely improper mixing of the rubber compound in the manufacturer 's facility , " Tech International wrote in a letter to the transportation safety authority .	Ohio-based distributor says valves are n't working properly , could cause accidents Tech International estimates that just 8,600 of 6 million are defective Snap-in tire valve , Model TR413 , was made between July and November 2006 Continuing to drive on underinflated tires can cause them to burst
CNN  -- A soccer presenter who made sexist remarks about a female match official resigned from Britain 's Sky Sports on Wednesday , a day after the co-host with whom he made the remarks was fired by the network . Richard Keys , the commentator who resigned Wednesday , had been overheard disparaging assistant referee Sian Massey , saying women do n't understand the offsides rule , in conversation with fellow commentator Andy Gray . Sky Sports terminated its contract with Gray on Tuesday , citing "  unacceptable and offensive behaviour . " "  I am deeply sorry for my remarks and the offence they have caused , " Keys said in a statement Wednesday . "  It was wrong and should not have happened . I have thought long and hard and reached the decision that it is time to move on . " "  Going forward without Andy would have been almost impossible , " Keys ' statement continued . Massey made a controversial call on Saturday during a match between Liverpool and Wolverhampton . A replay showed she was right . The offside rule limits attacking players from going past defenders when the ball is kicked and still being involved in play . "  It is disappointing that Richard 's career at Sky should end in these circumstances , " said Barney Francis , managing director of Sky Sports , in a Wednesday statement . "  However , Richard recognizes that his comments at the weekend were unacceptable . " Massey has been a referee at international matches -- the highest level of the sport -- since 2009 , world soccer 's governing body FIFA says . On Wednesday , Keys said in a radio interview with a British radio show that he had called Massey on Sunday to apologize on behalf of himself and Gray . "  I expressed my disappointment that Andy and I , in misguidedly having a little fun , had got it wrong , " he said in an interview with the broadcaster TalkSport . "  There is no excuse anywhere for anybody to make a judgement on someone else 's ability to do a job because they are male or female . " "  I made it an official apology , which Sian accepted , " Keys said . "  She and I enjoyed some banter together and we left on very good terms . " Massey said he was prevented from disclosing the conversation with Massey , though he did not elaborate . In its Tuesday statement about firing Gray , Sky News said the move was made "  in response to new evidence of unacceptable and offensive behaviour ... relating to an off-air incident that took place in December 2010 . " The statement did not elaborate on the December incident . More than 800 women are qualified to be referees in England , the country 's football association said Monday added , saying "  all of our female match officials act as fantastic ambassadors for the game . "	Richard Keys resigned from Britain 's Sky Sports on Wednesday His co-host had been fired by the network a day earlier The two had been overheard disparaging a female assistant referee
CNN  -- "  The Normal Heart , " written by my friend , the brilliant playwright Larry Kramer , and based on his story during the earliest days of the AIDS epidemic , tells a tale that many of us lived through , and many others did not survive . It 's as relevant today as an HBO movie as when it premiered on the stage in New York City in 1985 . Back then , The New York Times refused to print the word "  gay , " and New York Mayor Ed Koch was agonizingly slow to respond to the unfolding epidemic . Fear was everywhere . Around the country , family members shunned infected relatives , doctors were afraid to touch AIDS patients , let alone treat them , and hospital wards filled up with young men covered in lesions , dying excruciating deaths . I 've almost lost track of the number of funerals I went to in those years . My friends were dying all around me -- I 'm lucky that I somehow survived . ACT UP , the coalition that Larry founded to address the crisis , coined the phrase "  silence equals death " as its rallying cry , and it was no exaggeration . By the end of 1983 , AIDS had claimed 2,100 lives , but the government would hardly acknowledge that anything was awry . I ca n't help but wonder , if those in power had cared more , if they had done more , perhaps we could have ended this epidemic before it began to circle the globe . But they did n't care , they did n't act , and 36 million people have died of AIDS since . Worldwide , another than 1.6 million people will die of AIDS this year . In the United States , there will be roughly 50,000 new infections . While The Normal Heart is a product of a specific time , it is not an artifact . There is still an AIDS crisis -- not only in sub-Saharan Africa , but right here in the America , in your state , in your community . And , just as in 1985 , it is silence , fear and stigma that continue to drive the epidemic . Today , African-Americans represent 12 % of the national population , but they account for 44 % of Americans living with HIV , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Gay and bisexual men comprise only 2 % of the American population , but they represented 30 % of the nation 's HIV infections in 2010 . Around 4,000 Americans are infected with HIV each year because of injection drug use , and one in seven HIV-positive Americans pass through a correctional facility each year . The crisis is particularly acute in the American South , where homophobia is rampant . I hope HBO 's production of "  The Normal Heart " will compel a new generation to act up . There is so much work still to be done , but there 's also so much potential . The characters in "  The Normal Heart , " living as they did in the 1980s , did n't understand what they or their friends were dying of , and they did n't have treatments to manage the disease . They hardly knew how to protect themselves . Today , we know how to protect everyone , and we have the ability to treat every single person living with HIV . Yet AIDS continues to prey upon the most vulnerable in our society : the poor , the incarcerated , sex workers , drug users , and those living in regions where intolerance and stigma are facts of life . Today , as ever , silence equals death . Elton John uses photography to fight AIDS As Larry so forcefully taught us nearly 30 years ago -- and as he and Ryan Murphy , the director of the new HBO film , continue to remind us today -- we must speak out against injustice , act with compassion , and fight for equality . If enough of us raise our voices , we can finally begin to end this epidemic . Editor 's Note : HBO , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner .	Elton John : In the 1980s , newspapers would n't use term "  gay , " AIDS was ignored by many He says "  The Normal Heart , " an HBO film , portrays the days when many of his friends were dying Today 's challenges regarding AIDS are different but equally urgent , he says Elton John : We can protect and treat everyone , yet the most vulnerable still struggle
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Gabrielle Giffords joined about 50 dignitaries and family members Thursday in Washington to mark the retirement of her husband , Capt. Mark Kelly , from the U.S. Navy . Kelly , 47 , enlisted the military in 1987 and served as a combat and test pilot before joining the U.S. space program . He was part of space shuttle flights in 2001 and 2006 , and then commanded ones in 2008 and again in May . The last one took place several months after Giffords was among 13 people wounded in a shooting at a constituent event outside a Tucson , Arizona , supermarket . Six others -- including a federal judge and a child -- were killed . Since then , the Arizona Democrat has been mostly out of the public eye and in intense rehabilitation in Arizona and Texas . One exception , prior to Thursday , was her August 1 return to the Capitol to cast a vote to raise the nation 's debt ceiling . She attended Thursday 's event inside the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , located next to the West Wing of the White House , along with her congressional chief of staff , Pia Carusone , plus her and Kelly 's mothers and his two teenage daughters from a previous marriage . Sporting glasses , black pants , running shoes and a brace on her right hand , Giffords smiled as she entered to prolonged applause and sat in the front row . Kelly officially retired from the Navy on Saturday . Thursday 's event to commemorate the occasion was attended by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand and several other members of Congress . At one point , Giffords helped present her husband with the Legion of Merit and Distinguishing Flying Cross medals , in honor of his fourth space shuttle mission . Vice President Joe Biden presided over the ceremony , attaching a Legion of Merit pin to Kelly 's jacket and later offering remarks . "  It 's not every day you encounter examples of sheer , sheer courage and selflessness and dedication like you see in this couple , " he said of Giffords and Kelly . Kelly also spoke , extending thanks to those who have offered their "  boundless friendship and optimism " over the past eight , trying months . And he made a plea for NASA to "  remain a permanent part of the fabric of this great country . " The former astronaut gave flowers to his daughters and wife , then addressed her in front of the crowd . "  Gabby , you remind me every day to deny the acceptance of failure , " he said . "  I look forward to the next phase of our life together and watching all of your future achievements . " Kelly announced his retirement in June , writing then on his Facebook page that he wanted to devote more time to helping Giffords recover from her injuries and spend more time with his daughters . "  This was not an easy decision . Public service has been more than a job for me and for my family , " he wrote .	Captain formally retired from the U.S. Navy on Saturday Vice President Biden presides over formal retirement ceremony Kelly 's wife , Gabrielle Giffords , shot last January , takes part in the event The ex-astronaut says Giffords reminds him not to accept failure
Atlanta  CNN  -- This is not your grandfather 's -- or even your father 's -- ol' football museum . The new College Football Hall of Fame , opening here Saturday , is a gleaming , high-tech shrine to the pageantry of America 's most popular campus sport . Gone , mostly , are the plaques and musty displays of faded uniforms and leather helmets . In their place are vast multimedia touchscreens , movies in 4K ultra-HD , fight-song karaoke and a booth that puts fans into a simulated broadcast of ESPN 's "  College Game Day . " And that 's not counting the indoor 45-yard replica field where fans can toss a football , run an obstacle course or kick an extra point . "  This is a great space . And it says wonderful things about our sport , " said Steve Hatchell , president of the National Football Foundation , which oversees the hall . "  It 's not just a new building . This facility provides us a national platform for highlighting the heroes of the game and telling their stories . " Top 25 amusement parks around the world The $ 68.5 million building starts a new chapter for the Hall of Fame , which had operated for 17 years in South Bend , Indiana , before relocating to Atlanta . South Bend was chosen for its star attraction , the University of Notre Dame , whose Fighting Irish have a national following and 44 Hall of Fame inductees , more than any other school . But attendance in South Bend had slumped to fewer than 70,000 visitors a year , and officials felt that a change was needed . Enter Atlanta , which has a metro-area population of more than 5 million , a thriving convention business and a prime location in the football-mad Southeast , home to the powerhouse Southeastern Conference and the past eight BCS national champions . "  What better place for this ... than Atlanta ? We are in the heart of football country , " Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal said at the hall 's media event Wednesday . He said the new Hall of Fame , bankrolled by Chick-fil-A , Southwest Airlines and other corporate sponsors , is expected to attract 500,000 annual visitors and an estimated $ 12 million in ancillary revenue to the state . The 94,000-square-foot football shrine sits around the corner from Atlanta 's massive convention center and joins a downtown cluster of tourist attractions , including the Georgia Aquarium , the World of Coca-Cola , the CNN Center and the National Center for Civil and Human Rights . It 's also a short walk from the Georgia Dome , where the 2014 college football season kicks off with two games next week . Top 20 museums around the world Visitors are greeted in the lobby by a three-story wall adorned with the helmets of all 768 four-year colleges in the U.S. that field a football team , from mighty Alabama to the tiniest Division III school . To personalize the experience , each visitor gets a badge that can be coded with their favorite college ; as they move through the hall , exhibits will read their badge and display information relevant to that team . "  The building recognizes you and starts talking to you , " said Kevin Gordon , principal of tvsdesign , the hall 's architect . "  We want to make sure someone coming in from Idaho or Wisconsin or Oregon feels a connection to the building . " The hall 's first floor is designed to help fans imagine the game-day experience from a player 's perspective . Visitors pass through a replica of a stadium tunnel and out onto a truncated football field complete with lined turf and regulation-size goal posts . Inside the tunnel are replicas of iconic stadium items , such as Nebraska 's horseshoe and Notre Dame 's "  Play Like a Champion Today " sign , that players traditionally touch for luck on their way to the field . Once on the turf , visitors can take part in a skills challenge -- likely to be popular with young fans -- that includes kicking a football through the uprights or dashing through an obstacle course to score a touchdown . Said Brad Olecki , the hall 's chief revenue officer , "  this is the best place to bring your kids to tire them out . " 8 weird houses worth a visit On the second floor , fans will encounter a 52-foot-wide multimedia wall containing 10,000 pieces of content about famous games and players throughout college football 's history . Touch a panel and it expands to show photos , sound and video clips . Nearby is a 150-seat theater with continuous showings of "  The Game of Your Life , " a 10-minute movie that splices together audio from famed players and coaches with ultra-high-definition game footage . Down the hall are exhibits on tailgating , mascot uniforms such as the sweater worn by Uga , the University of Georgia bulldog , and famous quotes by legendary coaches  "  The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried , " from Oklahoma 's Bud Wilkinson  . There 's also a booth where would-be radio announcers can test their skill at narrating famous plays , such as Auburn 's dramatic touchdown on a missed field goal last year to beat Alabama . On the third floor is the actual Hall of Fame itself , a round room with searchable multimedia screens displaying information on the hall 's 1,139 inductees . To be eligible , a player must have been a first-team All-American and be 10 years removed from his final college game , so you 'll find USC 's Marcus Allen and Navy 's Roger Staubach but not Florida 's Tim Tebow or Auburn 's Cam Newton  at least not yet  . 10 spectacular waterfalls across the United States The Hall of Fame 's honorees are an exclusive group . Of the estimated 5 million young men who have played college football since the first-ever game between Princeton and Rutgers universities in 1869 , fewer than .0002 % are in the hall . "  They are the best of the very best , " Hatchell said . "  Within these walls , we chronicle the journeys of countless greatest of our nation 's leaders who got their start on the gridiron . " The College Football Hall of Fame will host a free tailgate party for its grand opening Saturday . After that , the hall will be open seven days a week . Admission is $ 20 for adults and $ 17 for kids , students , seniors and members of the military .	The College Football Hall of Fame opens this week in Atlanta The hall moved from South Bend , Indiana , because of poor attendance The new shrine features multimedia displays and a 45-yard indoor football field Visitors wear a badge that can trigger customized digital content about their team
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Be excited , but be scared . A world of mind-blowing possibilities is suddenly being thrust upon the world of video gaming . Detecting your thoughts : the EPOC headset is a breakthrough in brain - computer interfaces . The era of thought controlled games has arrived , and soon you could be required only to ` think ' to operate a video game . Maybe you 'll even have the chance to be completely immersed in a video game ` world ' . The Emotiv EPOC headset - the first Brain Computer Interface  BCI  device for the gaming market is the technology behind the revolution -- and the company claims to have already mastered thought control . The EPOC detects and processes real time brain activity patterns  small voltage changes in the brain caused by the firing of neurons  using a device that measures electric activity in the brain . In total , it picks up over 30 different expressions , emotions and actions . The leap in technology has been met with excitement amongst many gamers . Singapore enthusiast Samuel Lau has even made a video showing his hopes for the future of gaming . But , for the creators , what possibilities does this open up for future video games ? View gallery of gaming through the years " According to experts , the sci-fi scenarios depicted in The Matrix , and Star Trek 's ` Holodeck ' are now comprehendible realities in the future . President and co-founder of Emotiv Systems , Tan Le , said the brain-to-computer interface was undoubtedly the future for video games . "  Being able to control a computer with your mind is the ultimate quest of human-machine interaction . When integrated into games , virtual worlds and other simulated environments , this technology will have a profound impact on the user 's experience . " What do you think video games of the future will look like ? Le envisaged the lines between games and reality continuing to blur . "  In the long run , the user 's interactions with machines will more closely mimic our interactions with other humans . Our technology will ultimately bring communities of people closer together to richly share their experiences , " he said . Rick Hall , production director at the Florida Interactive Entertainment Academy , is also open-minded about possibilities in future gaming . Hall , who has worked across machines such as the N64 , Sony PSP , PS2 , and Nintendo DS , told CNN that some of the concepts in The Matrix were now "  eerily reaching towards theoretical possibility " . "  If we can interpret basic control thoughts now , it is n't far off where we 'll be able to interpret more complex thoughts , even potentially things you 're not consciously thinking of . If we can now do it in a non-invasive fashion , it probably wo n't be long before we can read these things from across the room . And if we can "  read " complex thoughts , then should n't we also be able to "  write " thoughts into a person 's brain ? "  So add that up : a wireless , remote , brain reading/writing device that can scan , interpret , and communicate with someone across the room , without them even knowing it . Connect that to the Internet ... and talk about brainwashing possibilities . What if some hacker could figure out how to write viruses to people 's brains ? It 's actually a little scary . " But , it 's not all optimism and imagination for the technology . American gaming analyst Todd Greenwald believes it may be some time yet before brain to computer interfaces reach a marketable standard , saying it is "  a bit too far out and speculative to say with any confidence " . University of Ulster video gaming lecturer Darryl Charles told CNN he was also uncertain whether Emotiv 's technology would take off . "  It 's a little bit harder to see . It 's quite a complex thing to force your thought on a television screen . " However , Emotiv 's Le strongly defended the headset , saying it "  works on a vast majority of people and can adapt to a wide variety of thought patterns . Emotiv has carried out tests with hundreds of people and so far we have had success on every single person , " Le said . While the speed of the revolution pushing the gaming world is hotly debated , one thing all experts agree on is the underlying themes of future games . Gamers can be certain that social interaction and strong storylines will strengthen to form the core of games . Tan Le told CNN , "  The one thing that we believe will be core to the future of gaming is the social experience . Nothing a game developer can program can match the random nature of actually participating in a scenario with other live people . " Le said the social aspect was the key to growth of the industry , as it was opening the door to fresh markets . He acknowledged the new level of immersion offered with the Wii 's interactive control had helped send the industry in the right direction . Charles believed a move closer towards the movie and television entertainment realm was also imminent . "  The big blockbuster game is going to compete more with Hollywood movies . They will be a lot more competitive in storylines ... there is a lot of production values already coming from cinema . " Greenwald said downloading games straight from the producer could soon become a reality . A market where simple games could be downloaded for free and then add-ons to significantly improve the game were sold at a premium , could be a more financially rewarding for the makers , he said .	EPOC headset by Emotiv allows users to ` think ' and video characters will ` do ' Experts predict concepts from The Matrix and Star Trek could become reality Games will become more social and have advanced storylines in the future
Young children are far more likely to experience attention and hyperactivity problems if their mother develops diabetes during pregnancy and they are born into a poor or lower-middle-class household , a new study suggests . The study , published this week in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , found that children whose mothers received a diabetes diagnosis during pregnancy  known as gestational diabetes  were twice as likely as their peers to meet the criteria for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  at age six . Living in a family with below-average socioeconomic status likewise doubled the risk of ADHD in six-year-olds . But children with both risk factors -- those who were exposed to gestational diabetes and grew up in a less-than-affluent household -- had a 14-fold increased risk of ADHD compared to children with neither risk factor . Health.com : What causes ADHD ? 12 myths and facts The findings do n't prove that gestational diabetes directly causes ADHD , but the researchers say they send a message to mothers and doctors that gestational diabetes may pose hidden dangers to a child well after birth , especially if the child grows up in a challenging environment . "  Mothers should be aware that gestational diabetes can affect her fetus , " says Yoko Nomura , Ph.D. , the lead author of the study and an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine , in New York City . Gestational diabetes , which affects roughly 5 % of expectant mothers in the United States , generally develops during the second or third trimester of pregnancy -- the same window of time in which a fetus undergoes a critical burst of brain development . Health.com : Tips for a healthy pregnancy with diabetes Women with gestational diabetes have abnormally high blood sugar  glucose  . If the fetus is bombarded with excess blood sugar , energy normally used for nervous-system development could potentially be diverted to absorb that excess , Nomura says . As a result , the central nervous system may not develop properly . Growing up in poverty would likely aggravate any underlying nervous-system deficits , Nomura says . "  When babies are born into higher socioeconomic status households , they have better access to medical care -LSB- and -RSB- remedial activities , intellectual stimulus is higher , they have better foods , " she says . In addition , low-income women may not control their gestational diabetes as well as more prosperous mothers-to-be , says Luigi Garibaldi , M.D. , clinical director of pediatric endocrinology at the Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh . "  Having diabetes during pregnancy by itself may not be so bad , but if you do n't take care of it , there may be consequences on the brain development of the child , " says Garibaldi , who was not involved in the study . Health.com : Exercise tips for people with type 2 diabetes Nomura and her colleagues followed 212 ethnically and socioeconomically diverse children living in Queens , New York , 10 % of whom were exposed to gestational diabetes . From preschool through age six , a trained psychologist or doctoral student evaluated each child for ADHD symptoms annually . The study had several shortcomings . It was relatively small , and although they did take into account the parents ' history of ADHD , the researchers did n't collect data on whether the children had siblings or other relatives with attention or hyperactivity problems . Also , Garibaldi notes , the researchers did n't measure how well the mothers controlled their gestational diabetes . Still , the study is a valuable reminder that a child 's environment -- in and out of the womb -- appears to affect the risk of ADHD , says Joel Nigg , Ph.D. , a professor of psychiatry at Oregon Health & Science University , in Portland . Health.com : ADHD linked to pesticide exposure Previous research suggests , for instance , that children are at increased risk of ADHD if they 're exposed to lead and certain pesticides . "  As a precaution , we might want to add -LSB- gestational diabetes -RSB- to the list of risk factors we 're aware of , " says Nigg , who wrote an editorial accompanying the study .	Findings do n't prove that gestational diabetes directly causes ADHD Mothers should be aware that gestational diabetes can affect a fetus , author says Growing up in poverty likely aggravates any underlying nervous-system deficits
Tokyo  CNN  -- The detection of high levels of radioactivity in certain Japanese foods -- and the nation 's subsequent clampdown on their sales -- signals the food safety situation is "  more serious " than originally thought , a World Health Organization official said Monday . Peter Cordingley , the Manila-based spokesman for the WHO 's regional office for the Western Pacific , said his organization believes people in Japan "  have to be cautious " about what they eat and drink . Besides causing devastation throughout northeast Japan , the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami on March 11 seriously damaged several reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , leading to the release of an unspecified amount of radioactive material into the atmosphere . On Sunday , the sale of raw milk from Fukushima Prefecture and spinach from neighboring Ibaraki Prefecture were banned due to detected levels of radioactive iodine and cesium that surpassed government limits , Japan 's health ministry reported . And officials in Fukushima halted the distribution of locally grown vegetables outside the prefecture . Cordingley noted that , whereas fears initially were for produce within 30 kilometers  18 miles  of the plant , cows  and the milk they produce  outside that radius and spinach from as far as 120 kilometers was being affected . "  Quite clearly , it is not what we thought in the early stages . It is more serious , " he said . "  We have seen Japanese people in grocery stores paying close attention to where their produce is coming from , and we think this is a wise practice . " Cordingley 's assessment -- and the Japanese health ministry 's move -- suggests that top world and national health agencies are definitely taking the issue seriously . And so are people in Japan . "  It does n't look like a short-term issue , " said Phil Knall , who lives in Tokyo . "  I 'm definitely concerned about the food that is going to be shipped out from now . I 'm definitely thinking about it . " Japanese officials reported levels of radioactive iodine in milk from four locations in Fukushima that ranged from about 20 % over the acceptable limit to more than 17 times that limit . Testing at one location also found levels of cesium about 5 % over the acceptable limit , the health ministry reported Sunday . And in Ibaraki , a major center of vegetable production , tests at 10 locations found iodine levels in spinach that ranged from 5 % over acceptable limits to more than 27 times that ceiling . At seven sites , levels of cesium grew from just above 4 % to nearly four times the limit . Iodine and cesium isotopes are byproducts of nuclear reactors like the ones that were damaged in the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that devastated the northern Japanese island of Honshu . While Iodine-131 has a radioactive half-life of eight days , cesium-137 's half-life is about 30 years . A few water samples taken in the area tested positive for iodine -- although far below levels of concern under Japanese law , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency website . The agency said it received reports from Japan 's government that six out of 46 samples tested positive for the iodine-131 radioactive isotope . The decision to prohibit food produce sales is another potentially devastating blow to a part of northeast Japan hit by the earthquake , tsunami and other potential fall-out from the Fukushima plant . Fukushima , northeast of Tokyo , has Japan 's fourth-largest amount of farmland and ranks among its top producer of fruits , vegetables and rice . Ibaraki , south of Fukushima , supplies Tokyo with a significant amount of fruits and vegetables and is Japan 's third-largest pork producer . After the 1986 nuclear plant disaster in Chernobyl -- then a part of the Soviet Union -- tons of food had to be destroyed when radioactive debris fell on crops in large swaths of Eastern Europe and Scandinavia . Hygiene expert Satoshi Takaya , who helped Japanese scientists prevent contaminated food from entering the country at that time , said the current situation is no Chernobyl -- but he said the current crisis is sure to affect Japanese farmers . That means threatening the livelihood of people like Ukia Uchida , an 82-year-old woman whose family has farmed a plot in Shibayama for generations . "  Up until now , I thought everything was fine here , " said Uchida . "  But to hear that some radiation has been found here is pretty upsetting . " CNN 's Jo Kent , Catherine E. Shoichet , Steven Jiang , Martin Savidge , Paul Ferguson , Thom Patterson and Matt Smith contributed to this report	A WHO official calls the food safety situation "  more serious " than first thought "  I 'm definitely thinking about " possible radiation in food , a Tokyo says High levels of radioactive iodine and cesium have been found in milk and spinach The two prefectures affected include some of Japan 's most productive farmland
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration revoked the licenses of two Northwest Airlines pilots Tuesday in an extraordinary letter in which the agency chastised the pair , saying they endangered the public by flying an hour and half without contacting controllers "  while you were on a frolic of your own . " The letter to Northwest Captain Timothy B. Cheney and First Officer Richard I. Cole puts the total time the pilots maintained radio silence at 91 minutes -- 13 minutes longer than originally defined by federal investigators . The letter said the pilots were "  extremely reckless . " "  Not only did you not comply with ... -LSB- air traffic controller -RSB- instructions , you did not even monitor the aircraft 's air-ground radios , " the letter said . "  You were disengaged and impervious to the serious threat to your own safety , as well as the safety of people for whom you are responsible . This is a total dereliction and disregard for your duties . " The letter provides new details about the flight . Cheney , 53 , and Cole , 54 , were piloting Flight 188 from San Diego , California , to the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport in Minnesota on Wednesday when air traffic controllers lost radio contact with the Airbus A320 over the Denver , Colorado , area . Instead of beginning to descend as planned about 22 minutes before its scheduled arrival , the plane continued flying at its cruise altitude of 35,000 feet and passed over the Minnesota airport . At 8:14 p.m. CT -- 36 minutes after the plane was to begin its descent and 14 minutes after its scheduled arrival -- the pilots contacted controllers , the FAA said . One of the pilots radioed : "  We got distracted and we 've overflown MSP -LSB- Minneapolis-St . Paul airport -RSB- . We are overhead EAU -LSB- Eau Claire , Wisconsin -RSB- and would like to make a 180 and to -LSB- make -RSB- an arrival from over EAU . " Cheney and Cole told federal investigators that they "  lost track of time " while working on personal laptop computers , the National Transportation Safety Board said . They became aware of their plane 's position only after a flight attendant asked about the landing time , according to the NTSB . The FAA said the revocations cite several violations of regulations , including failure to comply with air traffic control and clearances and operating carelessly and recklessly . The pilots have 10 days to appeal the revocations , which are effective immediately , to the NTSB , the FAA said . Flight 188 carried 144 passengers , the two pilots and three flight attendants . Cheney was hired in 1985 and has more than 20,000 hours of flight time , while Cole was hired in 1997 and has about 11,000 hours of flight time , according to an NTSB report released Monday . Neither pilot reported having had an accident , incident or violation , neither had any ongoing medical conditions , and neither said he was tired , the report said . They each had had a 19-hour layover in San Diego ; neither said he had slept or argued during the flight , but both said "  there was a distraction " in the cockpit , according to the report . The pilots said there was "  a concentrated period of discussion where they did not monitor the airplane or calls " from air traffic control , though both said they heard conversation on the radio , the report said . Neither pilot said he noticed messages sent by company dispatchers , the report added . It said the men were talking about a new monthly crew flight scheduling system that was put into place in the wake of Northwest 's merger with Delta Air Lines . "  Each pilot accessed and used his personal laptop computer while they discussed the airline crew flight scheduling procedure , " the report said . "  The first officer , who was more familiar with the procedure , was providing instruction to the captain . " After landing at the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport , both voluntarily underwent alcohol breath tests , which proved negative , the report said .	NEW : Pilots were "  extremely reckless , " "  on a frolic , " FAA says NEW : Radio silence lasted 91 minutes , longer than initially believed , FAA says Pair involved in overflight of Minneapolis-St . Paul airport in Minnesota last week NTSB : Pilots were on laptops , discussing scheduling system , lost track of time
CNN  -- At least 73 people are dead and more than 21,000 people homeless after Tropical Storm Irina struck Madagascar , an official with the nation 's disaster bureau said Wednesday . One person has been injured , and two more are missing , according to Setra Rakotomandrindra of the National Bureau of Natural Catastrophes . About 21,235 people are homeless , he said , and a total of 67,911 people have been affected , mostly in the southeastern part of the island nation . The government was using tents to house those who need shelter , he said . Irina was Madagascar 's second violent storm in two weeks , according to the IRIN news agency , a service of the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Cyclone Giovanna wreaked havoc on Madagascar last month , IRIN said . But "  while most people had been warned of Giovanna 's destructive potential , Irina took the Indian Ocean island largely by surprise , destroying roads and houses already weakened by the first cyclone . " More than 100 people have died during the nation 's current cyclone season , which usually runs from January to March , IRIN said . Most of the casualties were in the southeastern town of Ifanadiana , where a mudslide swallowed homes and caused a traffic accident involving a minibus , according to IRIN . Main roads in Madagascar have been reopened as of Wednesday , Rakotomandrindra said . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 people are missing , official says NEW : Nearly 68,000 people are affected Irina is Madagascar 's second storm in two weeks
Another suspected suicide bombing struck the southern Russian city of Volgograd on Monday , killing at least 14 people and further highlighting Russia 's security challenges as it prepares to host the Winter Olympics in less than six weeks . The explosion hit a trolleybus near a busy market during the morning rush hour , a day after a blast at Volgograd 's main train station killed 17 people and wounded at least 35 . Vladmir Markin , a spokesman for the country 's federal investigation agency , told the state-run news agency RIA Novosti that both explosions were terrorist attacks . "  This strike , which was cynically planned for the period of preparations for New Year 's celebrations , is one more attempt by terrorists to open a domestic front , sow panic and chaos , and trigger religious strife and conflicts in Russian society , " said a statement Monday by Russia 's Foreign Affairs Ministry . "  We will not back down and will continue our tough and consistent offensive " against terrorists , the ministry 's statement said , adding that such an enemy "  can only be stopped by joint efforts " involving the international community . The approaching Olympics No one claimed responsibility for the Volgograd blasts , but they occurred several months after the leader of a Chechen separatist group pledged violence to disrupt the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics that begin on February 7 . International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach condemned the bombings as "  a despicable attack on innocent people . "  The entire international movement joins me in utterly condemning this cowardly act , " Bach said in a statement , adding that he wrote Russian President Vladimir Putin to express condolences as well as "  our confidence in the Russian authorities to deliver safe and secure Games in Sochi . " Meanwhile , the United States offered its "  full support to the Russian government in security preparations for the Sochi Olympic Games , " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said in a statement . "  We would welcome the opportunity for closer cooperation for the safety of the athletes , spectators , and other participants , " Hayden said . Volgograd is a major rail hub in southern Russia and a main transit point for people traveling by train to Sochi on the Black Sea , just over 400 miles  645 kilometers  to the southwest . Each day , thousands of passengers use the station in the city once called Stalingrad . Two blasts in two days Video footage from the scene Monday showed the twisted shell of a blue trolleybus , with debris spread around it . The impact of the blast blew out the roof of the bus , as well as windows of several nearby houses . At least 28 people were reported to be wounded , with several in serious condition , including one 6-month-old child , RIA Novosti reported . Based on the footage , the blast appeared to have occurred in the back half of the bus . The federal investigation agency said it believes the explosion was set off by a male suicide bomber . Investigators said the train station blast Sunday also appeared to have been caused by a suicide bomber . Markin told RIA Novosti that DNA testing will be carried out on the remains of the station bomber , who used the equivalent of 22 pounds  10 kilograms  of TNT in a device containing shrapnel . Investigators said they also found an unexploded grenade at the scene . Video taken from an outside security camera showed a huge fireball inside what appears to be the main entrance of the three-story stone building , followed by a steady trail of smoke coming out of shattered windows . Russia 's security challenge In July , Doku Umarov , the leader of the Chechen group Caucasus Emirate , released a video statement in which he vowed to unleash "  maximum force " to disrupt the games at Sochi . The U.S. State Department considers the Caucasus Emirate a foreign terrorist group and has authorized a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to the location of Umarov . The State Department said Umarov organized a suicide bombing outside the Chechen Interior Ministry in May 2009 . His group also claimed responsibility for the 2011 bombing of Domodedovo Airport in Moscow that killed 36 people , the 2010 bombings of the Moscow subway that killed 40 and the 2009 bombing of the high-speed Nevsky Express train in which 28 people died . In October , a bomber blew up a passenger bus in Volgograd , killing six people and wounding more than 30 others . Russian media reported that a female Islamist suicide bomber from the Russian region of Dagestan was responsible for that attack . "  Most of the militants responsible for terrorist attacks in Russia over the last decade -- including female suicide bombers who have taken part in 20 attacks claiming at least 780 lives since June 2000 -- have come from Dagestan , " RIA Novosti reported Monday . The two young men behind the Boston Marathon bombings lived briefly in Dagestan before coming to the United States , and one of them visited the area the year before the attack . "  Radical Islamist groups tied to the war against the Russian state now have much deeper roots , and are far more active , in Dagestan than in Chechnya , " Rajan Menon , senior fellow at the Atlantic Council , wrote in a CNN.com column . What might be behind the attacks ? Putin has maintained that the Sochi games will be safe and security will be tight . Visitors to Sochi and the surrounding area are subjected to rigorous security checks , and vehicle license plates are monitored . "  This will probably be one of the most difficult Olympics to actually go as a spectator and watch the Games because of the myriad layers of security , " Republican Rep. Michael Grimm of New York told CNN on Monday . Other parts of Russia However , the Volgograd explosions showed the challenge that Russian authorities face in policing the rest of the country amid ongoing unrest in the North Caucasus . That region includes Chechnya , where Russia fought two wars against separatist movements , and Dagestan . With tight security around Sochi itself , terrorists are believed to be focusing on other parts of the North Caucasus and southern Russia . RIA Novosti reported a car bomb killed three people on Friday in Pyatigorsk in southern Russia , about 160 miles  270 kilometers  east of Sochi . "  Rarely do you actually have a terrorist group come out and say , ` We 're going to try and disrupt these games , ' " CNN national security analyst Fran Townsend said Monday . "  When al Qaeda-related affinity groups make these sort of statements , you 've got to take them at their word . " The fact that the bombers are targeting transportation is "  not lost on Olympic Committee organizers and security officials , " she added . Athletes are "  most vulnerable " when moving between the Olympic Village and the sites of their events , she said . Townsend , who coordinated with Greek officials before the Olympics in Athens in 2004 , said security officials all over the world will be asking Russia for detailed information about these attacks , including whether there were any indications or warnings . They 'll also ask about what information Russian intelligence has on the capabilities of terrorist groups to pull off further attacks .	U.S. legislator says spectators will face tight Olympics security Russia 's foreign ministry vowed a continued "  tough " offensive against terrorism Two terrorist bombings hit Volgograd , killing more than 30 people The attacks raised concerns about security at the Olympics in February
