When fishing in fiercely-contested territorial waters , a certain amount of risk must be assumed . For the crew of Vietnamese fishing boat Dna 90152 TS , the worst-case scenario happened early last week when their ship was capsized by what they insist was a Chinese military vessel . The ship 's captain , Dang Van Nhan , told CNN via an interpreter that on May 26 , he and his crew were sailing in Vietnamese Exclusive Economic Zone  EEZ  waters , around 17 nautical miles  NM  from a Chinese oil rig near the Paracel Islands . The islands in the South China Sea have become the centerpiece in a territorial row between China and Vietnam . The crew was working their wooden fishing boat around 4 p.m. when they noticed a vessel steaming towards their ship . "  After this , we ran away . They crashed into our right side and then the left . Then our boat turned over . All ten crew members had to swim . After this , we were rescued by  sister ship  Dna 90508 . We swam for around ten minutes . " The fishermen 's report is at odds with the Chinese version of events . According to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency , the Vietnamese vessel had been "  harassing " a Chinese fishing boat in waters near the Paracel Islands , a largely uninhabited archipelago also known by the Chinese as the Xisha Islands . The Xinhua report said the ship overturned after it "  jostled " a Chinese fishing boat . Lucky escape Dang counts his blessings that the other Vietnamese fishing boat was nearby and able to rescue him and his crew . "  We are very lucky that the crash happened during the daytime . We were lucky that some friends could see us . " The incident , from first collision to the abandonment of the vessel took only four minutes , Dang says . The crew did n't even have time to don life jackets . Two of his crew suffered minor injuries including Ngyuen Huynh Ba Bian , who suffered abrasions on his leg , shoulder and chest , as well as a cut near his right eye . "  The Chinese ship  s  made no attempt to rescue our crew , " Dang said . "  We saw a lot of Chinese ships -- only one was used to ram us , but there were lots around . Despite the sinking , none of the Chinese ships acted  to rescue the crew  . " The boat , which was valued at 5 billion Vietnamese Dong  $ 237,000  , remains scuttled in the seas around the Paracel Islands . Because of superstition , the boat is unlikely to be salvaged and used again , says its owner , Huynh Thi Nhu Hoa . The boat had fished these waters for years before the recent controversy arose , Ngyuen said . He said that isolated incidents had occurred between ships from the two sides for several years , but since the oil rig had been installed , the number of attacks has escalated sharply . Shifting blame The official Chinese line is that the sinking is entirely the fault of the Vietnamese crew . "  One Vietnamese fishing boat forcefully intruded into the caution area of China 981 drilling rig and ran into the left side of a Chinese fishing boat at the site and then capsized , " Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesman Qing Gang said at a briefing the day after the incident . "  I want to stress that the direct cause for this incident is ... the Vietnamese side . " Dang and his crew deny this version of events . "  The Chinese statement is wrong , " Dang said . "  The Chinese ship was six times larger  than our fishing boat  . Our ship is wooden , that one was steel . It is nonsense that our boat would approach or try to ram a ship that size . " Government involvement ? Dang says he suspects that the boat belonged to the Chinese Coast Guard and was disguised to look like a fishing vessel , because it contained a steel hull , rather than the traditional wood . He says it was also flying a Chinese flag , although in these waters , where national identity means everything , this does n't necessarily indicate official involvement in the incident . However , he says experience tells them that it was a government vessel . Ngyuen chimes in : "  We only saw one person on the Chinese ship . He threw a glass bottle at our boat . Besides him , we did n't see anyone . " The Chinese government has not offered compensation , says Hyunh , the boat 's owner . They have not had any contact from the Chinese at all . They can not afford to buy a new boat , she says . "  Now the crew are jobless , " she says . "  We have to lay them off until we have the new ship . This incident has cost us 5 billion Dong  $ 237,000  . Our family lives off the revenue of fishing and we have n't raised the money to buy a new one . " The local government has offered around 800 million Dong  $ 37,800  in compensation , and a government official tells CNN that the local authorities also cover the fishing fleet 's insurance , which will pay out around half the cost of a new boat . Despite the real , present danger that fishing these waters has presented , the Vietnamese owner and crew are not willing to cede an inch of territory . "  Of course we have to return to the Paracel Islands , " Hyunh says . "  It 's the traditional area of Vietnamese fishing . They are the only good fishing areas for us . "	Last week 's incident saw fishing boat scuttled near disputed islands Crew of fishing boat reportedly rammed say a Chinese military vessel attacked them China places blame on fishing boat 's crew
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Tuesday led jubilant legislators and soldiers discharged under the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy in singing "  God Bless America " to celebrate the upcoming repeal of the controversial law . President Barack Obama will sign the repeal bill on Wednesday , and Pelosi did her part at the ceremony attended by hundreds of supporters of the repeal by signing the measure passed by Congress to send it to the White House . The "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy enacted in 1993 banned openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service . More than 14,000 military members have been discharged because of it . Pelosi , a California Democrat , said the military will be made stronger by including all Americans who want to serve without making gay and lesbian members lie about who they are . "  Is n't this a joyful day ? " she said , adding that the repeal measure will "  change the law , improve the policy , make life better for many Americans , and make our country stronger . " Pelosi then asked all in attendance to sing "  God Bless America . " At the end , Democratic Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , one of the first openly gay House members , could be seen wiping his eyes . Earlier , Democratic Rep. Patrick Murphy of Pennsylvania told the gathering of an e-mail he received from a company commander in Afghanistan , who mentioned how he often had to counsel soldiers who received divorce papers or "  Dear John " letters from spouses or opposite-sex partners . Murphy continued : "  This young company commander , this captain , on his fourth deployment , wrote in that e-mail saying , ' I never thought I 'd see the day when I got one of those letters myself . And I 'm sitting here at three o'clock in the morning in Kabul , Afghanistan , and I have no where to go because I happen to be gay , and I ca n't walk to the chaplain , and I ca n't go to a battle buddy , and I ca n't walk to my commander 's office , so I 'm sitting here cradling my 9 mm pistol thinking about blowing my brains out . But I read this article about this Iraq war veteran named Patrick Murphy from Pennsylvania that 's fighting for me , and it gives me hope . ' " The repeal bill , a campaign promise by Obama , won Senate approval on Saturday in the final days of the lame-duck session . The House passed it twice -- first as part of a broader defense bill that was blocked by Senate Republicans , and then in the separate measure passed by the Senate . Conservative Republicans opposed the repeal , saying it would put too much stress on a military fighting two wars . However , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen both called for a congressional repeal with a set phase-in timetable , warning that "  do n't ask , do n't tell " could otherwise be abruptly overturned by the courts . Under the repeal measure , the Pentagon will finish developing an implementation plan that rewrites policies , regulations and directives . Once that potentially lengthy process is complete , Obama , Gates and Mullen will each have to certify that the repeal can move ahead without negatively affecting military readiness and unit cohesion . After the certification , another 60 days will need to pass before the repeal is officially enacted . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : Rep. Murphy tells about a gay soldier 's email to him President Obama will sign the repeal bill Wednesday House Speaker Pelosi calls it a "  joyful day " Pelosi leads a celebrating crowd in singing "  God Bless America "
CNN  -- American golfer Stacy Lewis banished the ghosts of her nightmare final round at the 2008 U.S. Open when she clinched the Kraft Nabisco Championship by three shots on Sunday . The 26-year-old , whose grandfather died on the eve of the tournament at Mission Hills in California , claimed the first title of her professional career in the first of four major events in the 2011 women 's season . "  Everybody in the family knew that he would have wanted me to finish out this week , " she told the LPGA website . "  I mean , he lived via my golf . He loved watching it on TV . He recorded it every week so he could keep watching it over and over again . "  But him and my grandma , they both got to see me play the whole round today and they were out there with me , for sure . " Lewis , who won an unofficial rain-shortened LPGA Tour event as an amateur in her native Arkansas in 2007 , had looked set to follow that up three years ago when she led the U.S. Open heading into the last day , but a final-round 78 ended her hopes of glory . It was a different story this time , though , as the world number 28 overhauled top-ranked defending champion Yani Tseng of Taiwan to finish on 13 under par after a round of 69 . "  It does n't even feel real yet , " said Lewis , who turned pro in 2008 four years after having a titanium rod and five screws put in her back to cure her teenage problems with scoliosis . "  I do n't know . I 'm still trying to figure out if I actually won , but I played so good today and I was just proud of the way I hung in there . " The victory was all but assured for Lewis on the 17th hole , when she held a tricky putt while three-time major winner Tseng recorded a bogey . "  Probably the look on my face was I was shocked it went in , too , honestly , " said Lewis of her finish on the penultimate hole . "  It was a putt you had to hit on the perfect line with the perfect speed for it to go in . " Tseng , who has won four titles already this year , closed with 74 to finish three shots back . "  I did my best . I tried my best today , and I did n't give her any shots today . So I hung in there until the last putt and smiled the whole way , whole day . So it was good and it was very good experience for me this time , " the 22-year-old said . "  Golf is golf , so this is normal . I just did n't play well . And hopefully next tournament will be good , and I just really want to congratulate Stacy . She did really awesome . " American Michelle Wie achieved her first top-10 finish at a major since 2006 after ending the weekend sixth on three-under following a closing 69 , leaving the 21-year-old one shot behind third-placed compatriots Katie Futcher , Morgan Pressel and Angela Stanford .	Stacy Lewis wins first career title at the Kraft Nabisco Championship in California The event is the first major on the women 's golfing calendar for 2011 The 26-year-old American overhauled world number one Yani Tseng of Taiwan Michelle Wie finishes sixth for her first top-10 placing in a major since 2006
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An Israeli judge on Monday convicted former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of taking bribes while mayor of Jerusalem . Judge David Rosen of the Tel Aviv District Court convicted Olmert of receiving about $ 161,000 in bribes related to a controversial Jerusalem housing project called Holyland . The judge acquitted Olmert on a third count of bribery . The developer of Holyland , Hillel Cherney , had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other high-level officials in exchange for Holyland approvals . Olmert was mayor of Jerusalem from 1993 to 2003 . Sentencing is scheduled for April 28 . Olmert , an attorney who in 1973 became the youngest person ever elected to Israel 's parliament , the Knesset , served as prime minister from 2006 to 2009 . He announced his resignation shortly after police recommended corruption charges against him . In August 2012 , he was convicted of breach of trust and acquitted on two corruption-related charges after a trial that lasted nearly three years . He was given a 3-month suspended jail sentenced and fined about $ 19,000 in that case . The allegations stemmed from Olmert 's time as mayor as well as prime minister . Prosecutors accused him of double-billing government agencies for travel , taking cash from an American businessman in exchange for official favors and acting on behalf of his former law partner 's clients .	A judge says Ehud Olmert took bribes from a developer while he was mayor of Jerusalem The developer had been previously convicted of bribing Olmert and other officials Sentencing is set for April 28
CNN  -- AC Milan went top of Serie A for the first time this season with a 3-1 victory over Palermo in the San Siro as previous leaders Lazio lost 1-0 at newly-promoted Cesena Wednesday . Pato opened the scoring for Milan before Armin Bacinovic equalized for the Sicilians but a Zlatan Ibrahimovic penalty and late Robinho third gave Milan a comfortable win . Their joy was complete as city rivals and reigning champions Inter were held to a 1-1 draw at Lecce and drop to fourth . Diego Milito scored ony his third goal of the season on 76 minutes as he returns from injury , but Uruguayan Ruben Oliver leveled for Lecce just three minutes later . Napoli moved above Inter to third as Ezequiel Lavezz grabbed an injury time winner at Cagliari . Lazio were suffering their second straight defeat after going down to AS Roma in the capital city derby at the weekend . Marco Parolo scored the only goal of the game five minutes from time to sink Lazio . Turin giants Juventus are in fifth after a 1-1 draw at Brescia as Alessandro Diamanti equalized after Fabio Quagliarella 's opener . In Spain 's Copa Del Rey , Real Madrid thumped Real Murcia 5-1 at home to avoid the domestic cup upsets of recent seasons . The first leg had ended goalless . Esteban Granero 's early goal put Real ahead before Gonzalo Higuain 's controversial second , which saw Sergio Ramos clearly obstruct visiting goalkeeper Dani Hernandez from an offside position . Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo , Karim Benzema and Xabi Alonso settled the match in the Bernebeu in the second half . But Murcia scored a consolation through Pedro 's late penalty . Barcelona are also safely through to the next round , thrashing AD Cueta 5-1 at Camp Nou . Already 2-0 up after the first leg , goals from Nolito and Gabriel Milito gave the hosts a two-goal lead inside the first 10 minutes , although the visitors pulled a goal back through Guzman after 35 minutes . Spanish duo Pedro and Bojan Krkic both found the net before Argentine superstar Lionel Messi completed the rout with just over 20 minutes to go .	AC Milan go top of Serie A with 3-1 victory over Palermo in San Siro Previous leaders Lazio lost 1-0 to Cesena for second straight loss Champions Inter held to 1-1 draw at Lecce and drop to fourth Real Madrid thrash Real Murcia 5-1 to progress in Copa Del Rey
CNN  -- Nicki Minaj suffered a swollen lip when a man shoved a suitcase across her chin Monday night at a Dallas hotel , but the hip-hop artist refused to file a complaint against him , according to a police report . Minaj , 28 , and Safaree Samuels , 30 , had "  a verbal altercation " at the Hotel Palomar pool , Dallas police said . The dispute continued in the hotel room that they shared , according to the report . After Minaj told Samuels "  that she did n't want him taking anything out of the room , " she peered into a suitcase where he had packed "  some of his personal belongings , " the report said . Samuels "  grabbed the suitcase and as he was picking it up , he shoved the suitcase across  her  chin and lower lip , " the document said . Her "  teeth struck the inside of her lower lip , causing the inside of the lower lip to cut and start to bleed , " the police report said . The officer "  observed a slight swelling and redness " on her chin , it said . Minaj declined to have photos taken or to file a complaint , police said . "  She just wanted her suitcase back , " the report said . The rapper-singer-songwriter told police she and Samuels "  were only friends and had never been involved in an intimate relationship and were not related at all , " it said . Minaj was in Dallas for a Tuesday night show at the American Airlines Center . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	A man she shared a Dallas hotel room with shoved a suitcase across her chin , police say The hip-hop artist 's lower lip was cut , police say Minaj refused to file a complaint against the man she was arguing with , police say The two were "  only friends " and not lovers , Minaj tells police
CNN  The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "  had nothing to do , " is now a convicted murderer . Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday for his role in the August 2013 drive-by shooting of Christopher Lane , a 23-year-old college student in Duncan , about 80 miles south of Oklahoma City . Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting . Lane , an Australian attending East Central University , was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna . A jury recommended Friday that Luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole , according to court records . Because he was under 18 when the crime was committed , he is not eligible for the death penalty . He 'll be formally sentenced in June . The vehicle 's driver , Michael Jones , pleaded guilty in March to second-degree murder and was sentenced to life in prison . Jones , who was 17 at the time of the murder , will be eligible for parole starting in 2051 , according to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections . Prosecutors dropped first-degree murder charges filed against the third suspect , then only 15 , after he agreed to testify against Luna and Jones , according to CNN affiliate KSWO . He will now be tried as a juvenile with accessory to murder after the fact . Duncan police Chief Danny Ford told Australian radio station 3AW that when police arrested the teens , Jones offered a motive that made clear that Lane , a baseball player on scholarship , was chosen at random . "  We were bored and did n't have anything to do , so we decided to kill somebody . " After the verdict , Luna appeared to be crying as deputies led him out of the courtroom in handcuffs , whimpering "  I 'm sorry " to a reporter . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report	Chancey Luna convicted of murder for gunning down Oklahoma college student as he jogged Police : Luna and his friends "  were bored " so they decided to kill somebody
No new gun laws . The National Rifle Association has made its position clear , even amid America 's most recent gun debate . It says enforce the gun laws already on the books . It 's well-known that the organization has actively lobbied to prevent new legislation limiting guns . But making this happen is more nuanced than just rallying its supporters and lobbyists every time a new law is proposed . Since the 1990s , the powerful pro-gun NRA has targeted the heart of what most legislation is based on : studies about the effects of gun violence . Last year , the NRA used its influence in Florida to push through legislation that would punish doctors if they asked patients whether they owned a gun . And buried inside President Barack Obama 's signature health care legislation is a little-known provision that prevents the government and health insurers from asking about gun ownership . The NRA says it is simply ensuring that taxpayer money is n't being used to promote a political agenda . "  If gun control groups ...  and  individuals want to further their research , we 're not saying they should n't be able to do it , " NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam told CNN . "  We 're just saying they should n't be using public funds to do it . " But public health experts say it 's all part of an attempt by the NRA-led pro-gun lobby to hamstring lawmakers . "  If a bunch of people do research and generate solid evidence that suggests firearms policy should be reformed and either firearms or people who used them should be regulated in new ways ,  if I 'm a gun-rights advocate ,  I 'm not going to like that , " said Dr. Garen Wintemute , head of the violence prevention research program at the University of California at Davis . "  So , I 'll simply prevent the evidence from being collected in the first place . It 's a brilliant strategy , and  the gun lobby  succeeded . " A lightning bolt and a chilling effect It was n't a lot of money -- $ 2.6 million -- but it represented the bulk of the nation 's research on firearms safety in the mid-1990s . "  With regards to gun research , it was enormous , " said Stephen Teret , the founding director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research . In the 1990s , this small portion of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's budget went to a program headed by Dr. Mark Rosenberg that funded two high-profile studies that concluded the risks of having a loaded gun in the home outweigh the benefits . "  That was demonstrated if you counted dead bodies ; it was demonstrated if you counted individuals shot but not killed ; and tallied up the good guys versus the bad guys , " said Dr. Arthur Kellermann , who led the research teams under Rosenberg 's National Center for Injury Prevention program . Opinion : Let 's take politics out of gun research Kellermann said the studies were not politically motivated but simply a way to give homeowners information to make informed choices . But the studies created what Teret described as "  the lightning rod that started the bolts of lightning from the pro-gun side . " In 1996 , it all ended . Flexing its political muscle on Capitol Hill , the NRA successfully pushed for legislation that effectively ended Rosenberg 's program . To underscore its point , Congress -- in a move led by Jay Dickey , a former gun-rights advocate and Republican legislator from Arkansas -- added this language to the agency 's appropriation : "  None of the funds made available for injury prevention and control at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention may be used to advocate or promote gun control . " At the time , critics in Congress accused the researchers of pursuing an anti-gun agenda and said the CDC 's work was redundant . The provision remains in place today . The language created what Teret called "  a chilling effect " for nearly all gun-related work at the CDC . Though the agency continues to track gun deaths and injuries , it does little work on how to prevent them . Many years later , the National Institutes of Health funded a similar study that triggered the same lightning-bolt response . In 2009 , the NIH study concluded that a person carrying a gun was nearly 4.5 times more likely to be shot in an assault than someone who is unarmed . Two years later , Congress added the same restrictive language it had imposed on the CDC to all agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services , including the NIH . Today , the NRA maintains its position that government research into gun violence is not necessary . "  What works to reduce gun violence is to make sure that criminals are prosecuted and those who have been found to be a danger to themselves or others do n't have access to firearms , " the NRA 's Arulanandam said , "  not to carry out more studies . " Unanswered questions So why are government studies on gun violence necessary ? Rosenberg , who left the CDC in 1999 , explained that many of the questions that his group was seeking to answer remain open . For example , he said , it 's not clear whether registering and licensing firearms lowers gun violence ; whether allowing people to carry concealed weapons increases or lowers the risk of gun deaths ; or how letting people carry weapons in places such as shopping malls or schools or bars or parks affects the number of deaths . "  These are very big questions that we need to know the answer to , " said Rosenberg , who is now president and CEO of The Task Force for Global Health . There are other private agencies and even partly federally funded programs that have researched these issues . But none was as far-reaching as what Rosenberg 's program did in the 1990s . The CDC 's website still keeps track of the toll of gun violence -- or , as the CDC sometimes calls it , "  lethal means . " Yet , the federal agency does little of the epidemiological research it once did that might offer guidance to lawmakers . Now that gun violence has been thrust into the forefront of issues on Capitol Hill after last month 's mass shooting at a Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school , the focus has turned to the medical community 's role in the debate . Last week , The Washington Post reported on a little-known provision added to the 2010 Affordable Care Act -- better known as Obamacare -- limiting what doctors can ask their patients about firearms in the home . While the provision does n't forbid doctors from asking about guns , it prohibits health care workers from collecting that information , documenting it and using it for research . Democratic leader behind Obamacare gun provision A similar law in Florida went a step further and would actually penalize doctors if they ask their patients about whether they own a gun , in most cases . A federal judge overturned the law , but Gov. Rick Scott has vowed to appeal . Gun-rights advocates , including the NRA , have raised concerns about tracking this data , including the possibility that acknowledging legal gun ownership could bring higher insurance premiums . With these restrictions and the revived gun debate , doctors should become active participants in the discussion about gun violence and gun policy in this country , according to the American College of Physicians . After all , the group said in a recent publication , physicians take a stand on other public health issues , such as smoking , air pollution , drunk driving and vaccinations . Examining gun violence is n't a political issue to most physicians , one Florida doctor said . "  Physicians basically want two things : They want continued research so we can find out what is happening along the lines of firearms and health care , " Dr. Carolyn McClanahan told CNN 's Sanjay Gupta . "  And the second thing , though , is we want to provide basic gun education . Studies have shown if you ask parents , especially pediatricians ask parents , ` Do you keep your gun locked , unloaded , keep the ammunition separate from the gun ? ' that decreases the chance of a death from a firearm . " Where things stand now When Adam Lanza unleashed a hail of bullets inside an elementary school on December 14 , ending the lives of 20 young children and six staff members , the debate over America 's gun laws reopened . Days later , Obama announced that a task force led by Vice President Joe Biden would create "  real reforms right now . " That could include a revival of the assault weapons ban , something that Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , has said she plans to introduce . It could also result in executive orders that would bypass the legislative process , Biden said Wednesday . The NRA will participate in the task force meetings this week , mostly to "  hear what they have to say , " Arulanandam said . Whether the effort in Washington results in significant changes to America 's gun laws is n't clear . What is clear , according to Kellermann -- who led research with the now defunct CDC program -- is that the nation has lost valuable time . "  Democracy is not served by ignorance and by excluding certain topics , " he said . "  I think that 's been the real loss in this case . "	In the 1990s , the NRA actively quashed a federal program to research firearms safety The NRA says it opposes publicly funded research that could result in gun control The gun control debate has been reignited after the Newtown school shooting This week , the NRA will attend Vice President Joe Biden 's task force meetings on gun control
CNN  -- Chelsea came from a goal down to beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield and open up a commanding lead at the top of the English Premier League Saturday . Spain international Diego Costa scored the winning goal midway through the second half after a much improved Liverpool took an early lead and can count themselves unlucky after having a goal disallowed and strong claims for a penalty waved way . Two coaches , two stories Both coaches had publicly aired their frustrations about recent performances before the match , albeit for very different reasons . Chelsea coach Jose Mourninho has seen his side dominate this season 's Premier League whilst playing at a canter . But he was critical of Chelsea 's past few performances , especially this week 's lackluster draw against Slovenian champions Maribor in the Champions League . Liverpool coach Brendan Rodgers has far deeper problems to deal with . After coming so close to winning the title last season with a rampant Luis Suarez , Liverpool has endured a slow start as new signings like Mario Balotelli and Dejan Lovren struggle to settle in . But it was Rodgers 's decision to rest key players against Real Madrid in the Champions League that had provoked a storm of criticism . Liverpool lost that game 1-0 , with a much improved performance , which some saw as a sort of vindication for Rodgers . Yes we Can So it was with some surprise that only one player drafted in for that game at the Bernabeu kept their place , a move that paid almost immediate dividends . After a fast paced , high quality opening exchange , German midfielder Emre Can drifted in and fired Liverpool into the lead after his shot took a wicked deflection off Gary Cahill . Cahill would soon get his chance to make amends after smuggling home a lose ball following a Chelsea free kick into the penalty area . Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet managed to get something on the shot before taking it over the line . From the naked eye it would have been almost impossible to see whether the ball had crossed the line . But within seconds referee Anthony Taylor had given the goal thanks to newly-introduced goal line technology . Chances Both teams had chances -- Mario Balotelli had the ball in the back of the net but it was ruled offside -- before Chelsea began to take control of the game and Costa fired home after good work by Ceser Azpilicueta on the left . Yet Liverpool will count themselves unlucky not to have won a penalty after Cahill was again involved in another controversial moment in the game . Replays showed that he clearly handled the ball in the penalty area . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard -- whose slip in the corresponding fixture last season effectively ended Liverpool 's title chase -- was apoplectic that a penalty had not been given , but to no avail . A "  clear " penalty "  It was a clear one , " Rodgers told BT Sport after the game . "  We worked so hard in the game , we need those decisions . It was quite obvious . It hits his hand , it was a clear , clear penalty , and the referee has a clear view of it . The players gave everything and we deserved at least a point . " A typically modest Jose Mourinho , on the other hand , focused on Chelsea 's fine performance away from home , claiming that the penalty incident was "  too far for me " to see . "  The victory is very much deserved , " he added . "  I know that some people say that Liverpool did n't play so well . I would disagree . They tried everything , but Chelsea was the best team . " Chelsea extend lead , briefly The win saw Chelsea extend its lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points , but only briefly . Second place Southampton beat Leicester 2-0 to cut Chelsea 's lead back to four . The Saints have been the Premier League 's surprise package this season , going on an incredible run winning 25 out of an available 33 points under new coach Ronald Koeman . Elsewhere another Dutchman enjoyed a good day at the office . Louis Van Gaal 's rebuilding of Manchester United continued with a narrow 1-0 victory against Crystal Palace . Spain international Juan Mata scored the only goal of the game after coming off the bench . Austin v Hart In the final Premier League game of the day , the champions Manchester City took on lowly Queens Park Rangers in west London amid torrential rain . And it was a torrid first half that saw QPR have two goals disallowed within a minute , both by the same player . Whilst striker Charlie Austin 's first was rightly disallowed for offside , the second was more controversial . From the resulting free kick from the first disallowed goal , City goalkeeper Joe Hart passed the ball straight to Austin who slotted the ball home again . But the goal was ruled out thanks to an obscure , but correct , reading of the rules . An official had spotted that Hart had accidentally kicked the ball twice , with the first touch not leaving the penalty area . It meant the ball was not technically in play leaving the Loftus Road crowd collectively stunned . A few minutes later Austin made it third time lucky when he finally broke the deadlock and put QPR into a well deserved league . Premier League top scorer Sergio Aguero leveled the score , despite being both offside and handling the ball in the build up , before a late Martin Demichelis own goal appeared to have handed QPR an unlikely victory . But Aguero scored his second of the game and secured City a point .	Chelsea beats Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield . Diego Costa scores winning goal of the game . Deflected Emre Can shot had given Liverpool lead . Chelsea opens seven point league lead .
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger was admitted to a hospital in Seoul , South Korea , on Saturday with a stomach virus , a doctor told CNN . "  He is getting hydration and holding his food down , " Dr. John Linton of Yonsei Severance Hospital said . "  All his signs are normal . We hope to send him on his way tomorrow , but he is an elderly gentleman , so we are watching him like a hawk . " The state-run Yonhap news agency reported that Kissinger , 86 , arrived in the South Korean capital Wednesday for a security forum and met with President Lee Myung-bak on Friday . A special medical team did a check-up and MRI scan and took X-rays , but found nothing serious , staff sources at the hospital said . Kissinger will likely remain at the hospital overnight and will probably be released Sunday , they said . Kissinger , who now chairs a consulting firm , served in the 1970s under Presidents Nixon and Ford . He shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 1973 with Le Duc Tho for negotiating a treaty to end the Vietnam War . Kissinger had triple coronary bypass surgery in 1982 and an angioplasty in New York five years ago . Journalist Andrew Salmon contributed to this report .	NEW : Henry Kissinger likely to be released Sunday , doctors say Former secretary of state complained of stomach pain Kissinger served under Nixon , Ford ; shared 1973 Nobel Prize
CNN  -- Michigan has dealt a tremendous blow to unions , approving a right-to-work measure in the heart of organized labor 's industrial stronghold . The new law -- passed by legislators and signed hours later on Tuesday -- not only signals a change in America 's so-called Rust Belt , but is also the latest sign that the power of organized labor is shrinking in the United States . American unions already have a fraction of the influence they did a few decades ago . Only about 12 % of workers are union members , down from 20 % in 1983 , according to federal data . In the private sector , the plunge has been even steeper : union membership has dropped from 17 % in 1983 to 7 % today . That 's partly because certain unionized industries have become a smaller part of the overall work force , particularly in manufacturing . It 's also a result of government action . Michigan has become the 24th state to adopt a right-to-work law , which removes the requirement for people to pay unions to work at unionized agencies , effectively decreasing union funding and making it less likely that workers choose to organize . America 's up and down relationship with unions Union supporters in Michigan did n't go down without a fight . They staged a rally outside the state capitol in Lansing as lawmakers voted . "  People need to wake up and fight , " teacher Sarah Zigler said at Tuesday 's rally . "  People need to realize what unions have done for them . Who gave people the 40-hour work week ? Who fought for workplace safety ? Who brought you the weekend ? Who brought you workers comp ? Who gave people overtime pay ? " "  Unions ! " protesters shouted after each of her questions . Faces of the ` right to work ' protest For much of American history , unions have been credited with helping millions achieve the American dream and criticized for "  heavy-handed " operations  They were also reviled for corruption in the days of Jimmy Hoffa .  . But unions have long remained a force to be reckoned with . Today , Michigan becomes the latest state in the Rust Belt , the heart of America 's manufacturing industry , to chip away at their power . Earlier this year , Wisconsin had its own showdown over the power of unions when Gov. Scott Walker -- who opposes unions -- overcame an attempt to recall him from office . The failed recall vote was fueled by anger over laws he pushed that stripped collective bargaining rights from most public unions . Indiana also passed a right-to-work law this year . While there have been moments of good news for organized labor , including pay bumps for GM autoworkers , industry analysts agree that organized labor no longer holds the sway it once did among America 's workers . So why the downfall of American unions ? That depends on who you ask . Blaming big business Big businesses are behind campaigns to squelch organized labor , and they are seeing some success , according to Gordon Lafer , a political science professor and opponent of right-to-work laws . What right to work really means "  The anti-union campaigns of the last three years , starting with Wisconsin , have really been driven ... by big national organizations and money , " said Lafer , a union member and who teaches labor studies at the University of Oregon . "  I think an important question to think about is : Why are big private companies spending a lot of money and energy fighting public sector unions ? "  They want more free trade , lower minimum wage , the right not to pay sick leave , and all those things which are not per se about union contracts . But the biggest single opponent they have is the labor movement , even in its shrunken and weaker state . " Lafer blames businesses and key business figures for lobbying to push such laws "  not because of what unions are doing now for their own members but to get them out of the way on issues that will affect everybody else . " These campaigns stigmatize unions and encourage people who are unemployed to resent unions rather than big business leaders , he argued . "  Their fear is populism , " he said , referring to those who are "  at the top of the economy , during downward mobility . " "  They want the discontent to not be aimed at people running the economy . " There 's also an element of fear among those who have jobs , he said . In this time of economic uncertainty , workers are afraid to organize because they do n't want to upset their employers and lose their jobs . It 's the economy For businesses to recover from the recession and build jobs in America , they need to get out from under organized labor , according to some analysts . And that has led to the decline of union power -- which is good news , they say . "  Unions have lost power in the private sector over time because of competition , globalization , and the fact that they do n't add any value to worker productivity , " said Chris Edwards , an economist with the Cato Institute and a fan of right-to-work laws . Businesses are responding to today 's realities and "  ca n't pay above-market wages forever , " he said . "  So either they will move work abroad or they will automate to try to get rid of as many workers as they can . " Union membership by state To build jobs in America , Edwards said businesses ca n't be beholden to mandatory collective bargaining , which can increase wages and expenses without increasing profits . In recent years , the retirement of baby boomers has fueled anti-union sentiment as some companies struggle to pay pensions as well as health care for the aging population -- benefits that were negotiated through collective bargaining . And , Edwards notes , that pressure comes on top of the economic downturn . Listen to how unions are bracing for a long battle "  Unions are going the way of the dinosaur in the U.S. private sector , which is a good thing for workers and businesses because it will make America more competitive , " he said . "  If right-to-work laws extend to the 50 states , then private sector unions will be dead in America . " How does Edwards feel about the death of all private sector unions ? "  Good riddance , " he said . Is it all about red vs. blue ? The decline in union strength is also tied to the political battle between Democrats and Republicans . "  There has been a recognition by both the unions and people who are not happy with unions in the last 12 years or so that unions have been fundamentally the powerhouse between the Democratic party and their electoral math , " said Linda Kaboolian , lecturer on public policy with Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government . Unions provide money and put "  boots on the ground " to get Democratic candidates elected . If they shrink , so will the money and power of that central blue voting bloc , Kaboolian said , adding that "  it 's a perfectly rational point of view " for right-wing organizations to take . Union organizers did a great deal to push for President Barack Obama 's re-election in key states , including Michigan . The president himself paid a visit to the state this week , voicing his opposition to the state 's right-to-work measure . "  What we should n't do is take away your rights to bargain for better wages , " Obama told workers . "  These so called right to work laws do n't have to do with economics , they have to do with politics . " Kaboolian insisted that economic arguments for slicing union strength do n't add up . Even if unionized workers cost more , they can often prove to be a higher-quality work force that will last , grow and learn new skills , she says . Kaboolian speaks of her own experience , having served as a union officer at the University of Michigan . She was also a manager and a worker in both unionized and non-unionized agencies . She said she does not advocate for or against right-to-work laws . James Sherk of the conservative Heritage Foundation rejected the idea that unions ' decline are tied to American politics . He said the changes are being driven "  by efforts to attract business , " not an underhanded political effort , he says . "  We 're coming out of a pretty nasty recession ... Businesses understandably do n't want to be unionized . "	Michigan is the latest ` Rust Belt ' state to approve a right-to-work law It 's the latest sign that organized labor 's influence is waning in the U.S. Some analysts blame heavy tactics by big business ; others say it 's just politics
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush said Tuesday that Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah "  knows our position loud and clear " on the punishment of the victim of a gang rape . President Bush said he would be angry with a state that did not support a rape victim . However , Bush said he did not recall having raised the issue during a recent telephone conversation with the king . The woman was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison for violating the kingdom 's strict Islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man before the rape . The president said during a White House news conference that upon learning of the case , "  My first thoughts were these : What happens if this happened to my daughter ? How would I react ? And I would have been ... I would have been very emotional , of course . "  I 'd have been angry at those who committed the crime . And I would be angry at a state that did n't support the victim . "  And our opinions were expressed by -LSB- White House press secretary -RSB- Dana Perino from the podium . " Asked whether he personally had pressed King Abdullah about the matter , Bush responded , "  I talked to King Abdullah about the Middle Eastern peace . I do n't remember if that subject came up . ... He knows our position loud and clear . " Last month , the Saudi Ministry of Justice said the woman had had an "  illegitimate relationship " with a man who was not her husband , and that she was raped by seven men after she and the man she was with were discovered in a "  compromising situation , her clothes on the ground . " The woman , now 19 , was initially sentenced to 90 lashes for meeting with the man -- described by the woman 's attorney as a former friend from whom she was simply retrieving a photograph . When she appealed her sentence , a Saudi court more than doubled it . The rapists initially received sentences ranging from 10 months to five years in prison . After the woman 's appeal , the Qatif General Court also increased the sentence for the rapists , to two to nine years in prison . The Justice Ministry had previously said the woman 's sentence was increased after evidence came to light against her when she appealed her original sentence . The attacks took place in the eastern city of Qatif in March 2006 , when the woman was 18 and engaged to be married . Her husband has told CNN that "  from the onset , my wife was dealt with as a guilty person who committed a crime . She was not given any chance to prove her innocence or describe how she was a victim of multiple brutal rapes . " Under Saudi Arabia 's Islamic law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or undergo surgery . The rape victim 's husband , who has not been identified publicly in order to protect the identity of his wife , said he considered his wife 's decision to meet with the man "  a bad choice on her part , " but denied that she had admitted meeting with the man illicitly . E-mail to a friend	President says King Abdullah "  knows our position loud and clear " Subject did n't come up in recent phone conversation , he says Saudi court sentenced victim of gang rape to 200 lashes , jail time Court says sentence related to meeting with a man , not rape
Afghanistan can not be expected to be a stable and contributing member of the international community when Afghan women are generally denied early and lifelong educational opportunities , are largely unable to work , and in some parts of the country suffer far worse . While this is a very easy claim to make , fundamentally improving the rights women have and creating the institutions to support those rights is much more difficult to implement given the current on-the-ground realities . Allowing an 8-year-old to marry , as often happens in Afghanistan , is n't driven by some bizarre desire to give away one 's children . In the absence of viable choices , families tend to stay with the comfortable and the accepted -- no matter how horrific and foreign those decisions may seem to outsiders . Practices such as forced child marriage and limited women 's rights are symptoms of a country clinging to old ideas in a vacuum of realistic alternatives . To believe a secure and prosperous Afghanistan can be left to the next generation while denying basic human rights to half the population is an exercise in mass delusion . It is equally delusional to believe this will change overnight , or even in this generation . But this change is possible . The question is how do we get there ? If history is any guide , shifts in attitudes are unlikely to occur by decree from the Afghan National Assembly , and even less likely under pressure from the West . The driver of change will be food security for the majority of the country and innovative ideas that expand economic development within the realities of a largely cashless and agrarian society . According to the World Food Programme , Afghanistan consistently ranks in the bottom of the world in terms of food security and a 2012 study by the Afghan Research and Evaluation Unit highlighted the connection between food insecurity and lack of educational opportunities . Progress in this regard ultimately would allow more women to enter the workforce . An Afghan family dealing with uncertainty and poverty simply can not make optimal choices about the future . Sometimes the choice is between finding illicit means of income or holding onto antiquated ideas and practices , which is what we see in Afghanistan now . This cycle has to be broken . Would the current opposition to women 's rights be so fierce if Afghanistan were substantially richer or self-sustainable ? Likely not , because it would be far less threatening to the established order . Taking crucial steps to expand the economy in creative ways is fundamentally a decision about human rights and regional security , not purely an economic decision in isolation . I have written previously about new ways to develop Afghanistan 's rich natural resources in ways that are both transparent and benefit the majority of the country , not just those working in and around the mines . Returning Afghanistan to its status as Central Asia 's "  bread basket " through improved water management is another crucial step toward our own self-sufficiency . However , we must also understand that economic development in isolation without the direction of core beliefs will be squandered and the next generation will be struggling with the very same problems we have today . This change can only be accomplished with strong , values-based leadership in the Presidential Palace that is focused on the economic growth of the country as a whole and not just for a few friends and family members . We can then use that growth as the driver of positive change that can be sustained for decades . Afghanistan desperately needs economic innovations to reduce dependence on foreign partners and significant agricultural advances to reduce uncertainty for our families . A simple statement about rights without the economic capacity and social institutions to support them is doomed to failure but economic growth combined with core values on rights and education is how real change can happen . Then and only then can we have any hope of fighting the insurgency and securing a brighter future for all citizens , women and men alike .	Ahmad Massoud : Afghanistan 's future is closely tied to the role of its women He says it ca n't be stable and productive if women ca n't learn or work Massoud : Food security and economic innovation are the keys to expanding rights
CNN  -- Rem Koolhaas , the world famous architect , was walking down the street one day when the realization hit him like lightning : "  I thought , ' I should become an architect , ' " he recalls . He was 25 at the time and "  wasting time " writing film scripts . "  I am so unbelievably happy that I wasted time , " he says , "  because wasting time enabled me to have a more open relationship with the world . Scriptwriting also taught him something about architecture . "  If you write a script , you try to stitch episodes together so that , at the end , you have a sort of suspense to a conclusion or a climax , " he says . "  Architecture is very similar : You create a series of spatial moments and find a way to relate them to each other with the same purpose . An architect writes scripts also , but for people , not for actors . " Conjuring film scenarios "  felt very exciting , but not deeply serious , " he says . His epiphany came when he realized that architecture was a way to do for serious reasons what he had been doing for frivolous reasons . View a hi-res gallery of Rem Koolhaas ' buildings It would be 18 years before he would build his first commission , the Netherlands Dance Theater , in 1987 . "  I started very late -LSB- but -RSB- it meant that , at my age now , I am not an exhausted wreck ... I still feel relatively fresh , " he said . Koolhaas currently has a new , experimental performing arts center in Taipei under construction . He has designed shops and catwalks for Prada and a Bahamas summer house for sculptor Anish Kapoor . His 2004 library in Seattle is acclaimed as a Bilbao for libraries and his Casa da Musica in Portugal won him the 2000 Pritzker Prize . But Koolhaas ' favorite project is a 54-floor anti-skyscraper that critics consider "  the most breathtaking building of his career " and perhaps even "  the greatest work of architecture built in this century . " His tower for China Central Television , known in Beijing as "  The Big Pants , " is intended as a demonstration of how , in reaching for tallness , skyscrapers "  reach a kind of redundancy . " Read more : Ma Yansong 's ` Marilyn Monroe ' towers Depending on your vantage point , it can resemble a Z-shape or a loop and is "  a building that is constantly mutable and that emanates creativity , " Koolhaas says . "  I think I can genuinely claim there has never been a building with that many identities . " Koolhaas says it 's also significant that the building was rubber stamped in "  a part of the world where stability is prized above everything else and where identities are supposed to be immutable . " The decision to compete for the CCTV commission over the World Trade Center redevelopment was controversial . Koolhaas says , while it was "  wrenching " to be criticized for his choice of client , "  the moment we started the competition , I was convinced that China , no matter how it 's evolving , is on the way to become a modern country . " Besides which , he argues , "  we all have a stake in the outcome of China . " Photo gallery : Mexico 's shimmering shrine to art Of course , coming up with a hot idea is only one part of an architect 's job . The other , less celebrated but no less important part , is getting the thing built . Beyond its unusual shape , Koolhaas says CCTV is his favorite building because he is proud of its arduous route to fruition . "  It took 10 years to realize , and I have been in Beijing once every month . You can imagine the degree of engagement that implies , " he says . "  The total amount of diplomacy that was necessary , the constant negotiation with a different political environment , a different language , a different symbolism ... it required an unbelievable effort . " He is "  unambiguously " pleased with the outcome , which houses administration , production and broadcasting facilities for 10,000 workers . While designing new headquarters for Universal Studios in Hollywood in the 1990s , he had noticed how alienation and paranoia percolated when everyone was working in small , separate bungalows . "  Since this was China , we felt we could introduce a different mode there -- namely , a building that asserted that the company was a connector , where everyone was connected to everyone else , and each component part of a single hierarchy and a single integrated system . In a sense , it was a deliberate assessment of what would be possible in a Socialist country , " he says . Koolhaas notes that exploring other cultures is a relatively new requirement for architects . "  One generation ago , an architect would expect the largest part of his oeuvre is built in an environment he knows very well , " he says . "  We are part of a unique generation where , for the first time , it 's likely that most of the buildings you do are in countries that you do n't initially know . Therefore , there is an enormous amount of anthropological interest that you have to develop , in order to be precise enough to do justice to those opportunities . " One of the first foreign cultures that fascinated Koolhaas was ancient Rome . "  They had a relatively limited repertoire of things -- temples , housing , ports , shops -- and they replicated that repertoire in many parts of the world in completely unique conditions . " "  I also have an affinity with Roman architecture because it 's not religious , it 's not mystical . It 's efficient and interested in how things perform , more than how things appear , " he said . His favorite example is the Pantheon in Rome , which he first visited on a solo trip to Italy as an 18-year-old . "  It 's really part of the city , but once you are inside , you 're immediately transported to another world -- which is , as I said , not mystical , not religious , but somehow you feel elated . " Koolhaas still visits the Pantheon every time he is in Rome , and still finds variations . "  There are days that I do n't even look at the Oculus . I simply discover the detail of the perimeter . There are days when I only look at the outside , or I only look at a portico and try to understand how big it actually is . "  So I think , in spite of its apparently simple manifestation , it 's an incredible box full of tricks , and interesting differences somehow working together . " Watch "  Great Buildings " on CNN International at 16.30 on Tuesday October 2 and 04.30 on Wednesday October 3 . All times GMT .	Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas says his greatest achievement is the CCTV building in Beijing The 54-floor tower houses 10,000 workers in two adjoining towers , took 10 years to complete Koolhaas : Rome Pantheon is "  box of tricks " that "  transports you to another world "
CNN  -- Jonathan Winters , the wildly inventive actor and comedian who appeared in such films as "  It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World " and "  The Loved One " and played Robin Williams ' son on the TV show "  Mork & Mindy , " has died . He was 87 . Winters died Thursday evening of natural causes at his home in Montecito , California , according to business associate Joe Petro III . Winters was known for his comic irreverence , switching characters the way other people flick on light switches . His routines were full of non sequiturs and surreal jokes . Williams , in particular , often credited him as a great influence . "  First he was my idol , then he was my mentor and amazing friend , " tweeted Williams . "  I 'll miss him huge . He was my Comedy Buddha . Long live the Buddha . " Winters , who was widely admired by comedians in general , was awarded the Mark Twain Prize -- which goes to outstanding humorists -- in 1999 . "  Genius " was a common touchstone as comedians reacted to Winters ' death . "  R.I.P Jonathan Winters , " tweeted comedian and filmmaker Albert Brooks . "  Beyond funny , he invented a new category of comedic genius . " "  Had a great run . Actual genius , " tweeted Kevin Pollak . "  A genius and the greatest improvisational comedian of all time , " tweeted Richard Lewis . Gottfried : Jonathan Winters was mad brilliant Though he never had a breakout starring role , over the years his appearances on TV shows made him a beloved figure in the entertainment world . He was a favorite guest on "  The Tonight Show " -- particularly in the early '60s when Jack Paar hosted it -- and turned up on the game show "  The Hollywood Squares , " Dean Martin 's celebrity roasts and countless variety shows . He told the Archive of American Television about the creation of his character Maude Frickert , the sarcastic old lady , who came from a relative he had . "  I decided , having seen a lot of older people , that many of them are shelved -- put in retirement homes to rot , " he said . "  I decided to  be  a hip old lady " -- one who had a wicked sense of humor , the kind of person who was married 12 times and cracked a whip in a ward of cardiac patients . Other characters included Elwood P. Suggins , B.B. Bindlestiff and Lance Loveguard . He had a regular role on the final season of "  Mork & Mindy , " putting him together with Williams , who played the space visitor Mork from Ork . Winters played Mearth , Mork 's son , who -- having hatched from a giant egg -- was the size of an adult but had the mind of a child . The attempted pairing of Williams and Winters was expected to create comic fireworks , but the show 's already falling ratings did n't pick up , and "  Mork & Mindy " was canceled in 1982 . Winters showed his range with the occasional dramatic role . In an episode of "  The Twilight Zone , " he played a shark-like pool player . In the 1994 film "  The Shadow " -- with Alec Baldwin as the hero with the ability to cloud men 's minds -- he played Baldwin 's police chief uncle . He was also a prolific recording artist , producing more than a dozen comedy records , including 1960 's "  The Wonderful World of Jonathan Winters . " Winters was born November 11 , 1925 , in Dayton , Ohio . He developed his talent for characters and voices from a young age . After serving in World War II , he married his wife , Eileen , in 1948 and hoped to become an artist . That career went nowhere , but his wife encouraged him to enter a talent contest . His win there earned him a position as a disc jockey on a local radio station , making up some of his interviewees . Eventually he left for New York , becoming a nightclub comic and earning spots on "  The Tonight Show . " In 1961 , Winters suffered a nervous breakdown . He spent eight months in a mental institution and was diagnosed as bipolar . "  It was one of the toughest times in my life , " he told the Archive of American Television . But when he got out -- on April Fools ' Day , 1962 -- he almost immediately got a call from director Stanley Kramer , offering him a role in "  It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World . " Kramer was one of the most highly regarded directors in Hollywood , known for "  The Defiant Ones " and "  Judgment at Nuremberg . " He was reluctant about taking the role until his wife pushed him . "  You 'd better take it , because you 'll never work again if you do n't take it , " he recalled her saying . In the 1963 film , filled with comedy all-stars , Winters stood out as a truck driver who destroys a gas station . He was , many agreed , one of a kind . "  The first time I saw Jonathan Winters perform , I thought I might as well quit the business , " tweeted Dick Van Dyke after hearing of Winters ' death . "  Because , I could never be as brilliant . " His wife , Eileen , died in 2009 . He is survived by two children and five grandchildren . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Jonathan Winters , hailed as "  genius " of comedy , has died at 87 , associate says Wildly inventive , Winters influenced generations of comedians Robin Williams : "  He was my Comedy Buddha " Winters appeared in several movies , many TV shows
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . With money a bit tight these days , many people searching for jobs would like a salary of $ 80,000 a year . CareerBuilder.com  -- Let 's be honest : Sometimes you do n't care about the job -- you just care about the salary . But it 's awfully hard to look for a job that fits both your salary requirements and your skill set . Not to mention that we always tell you that your work and career should be something you love . Ideally , money is just an added benefit . That being said , we 're also realists . We know that times are tough and at this point , some people just need to get paid . We went to the Bureau of Labor Statistics to look at the latest  May 2008  salary information for the United States and found 30 occupations pay in the $ 80,000 range based on national averages . 1 . Administrative law judges , adjudicators and hearing officers Do this : Conduct hearings to rule on government-related claims ; determine penalties and liability ; and help to craft settlements . Get paid : $ 80,870 2 . Biomedical engineers Do this : Design and develop devices and procedures to help solve health-related problems . Projects might include information systems , artificial organs or artificial limbs . Get paid : $ 81,120 3 . Chiropractors Do this : Diagnose and treat musculoskeletal conditions of the spinal column to prevent disease and alleviate imbalance , pain and pressure believed to be caused by interference with nervous system . Get paid : $ 81,340 4 . Atmospheric , earth , marine and space sciences teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics in the physical sciences , except chemistry and physics . Get paid : $ 81,470 5 . Agents and business managers of artists , performers and athletes Do this : Represent and promote their client 's business while handling business matters and contract negotiations . Get paid : $ 81,550 6 . Materials scientists Do this : Study the chemical composition of various materials and figure out ways to develop new materials and improve existing ones ; also determine ways to use materials in products . Get paid : $ 81,600 7 . Physician assistants Do this : Perform health-care services and provide treatment plans under a physician 's supervision . Get paid : $ 81,610 8 . Medical scientists , except epidemiologists Do this : Research and investigate human diseases and how to improve human health . Get paid : $ 81,870 9 . Physics teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics pertaining to the laws of matter and energy . Get paid : $ 81,880 10 . Atmospheric and space scientists Do this : Study the effects the atmosphere has on the environment , most commonly through weather forecasting . Get paid : $ 82,080 11 . Management analysts Do this : Figure out best practices of management by conducting studies and procedures to help companies figure out how to operate more effectively . Get paid : $ 82,920 12 . Producers and directors Do this : Produce or direct , and make all creative decisions for stage , television , radio , video or motion picture productions . Get paid : $ 83,030 13 . Biological science teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics in biological sciences . Get paid : $ 83,270 14 . Materials engineers Do this : Develop new uses for recognized materials , and develop new machinery and processes to make materials for use in specialized products . Get paid : $ 84,200 15 . Transportation , storage and distribution managers Do this : Oversee transportation , storage or distribution activities in accordance with governmental policies and regulations . Get paid : $ 84,520 16 . Financial analysts Do this : Assess the financial situations of an individual or organization . Get paid : $ 84,780 17 . Electrical engineers Do this : Design , develop and test the manufacturing and installation of electrical equipment . Get paid : $ 85,350 18 . Education administrators , elementary and secondary school Do this : Oversee all activities of public or private elementary or secondary schools . Get paid : $ 86,060 19 . Industrial-organizational psychologists Do this : Work with companies to solve problems within the company . You may help with policy planning ; employee screening , training and development ; and organizational development and analysis . Get paid : $ 86,460 20 . Computer software engineers , applications Do this : Build computer applications software and code ; ensure that all software projects adhere to a company 's technology and business standards . Get paid : $ 87,900 21 . Economics teachers , post-secondary Do this : Teach courses and research topics in economics . Get paid : $ 88,330 22 . Biochemists and biophysicists Do this : Study the chemical composition and physical principles of living cells and organisms , their electrical and mechanical energy , and related phenomena . Get paid : $ 88,450 23 . Art directors Do this : Create design concepts and presentation in artwork , layout design and copywriting for visual communications media . Get paid : $ 88,510 24 . Electronics engineers , except computer Do this : Design , develop and test a wide range of electronic equipment , from CD players to global positioning systems . Get paid : $ 88,670 25 . Medical and health services managers Do this : Supervise medical and health services in hospitals , clinics and similar organizations . Get paid : $ 88,750 26 . Chemical engineers Do this : Design chemical plant equipment and create processes for manufacturing chemicals and products . Get paid : $ 88,760 27 . Geoscientists , except hydrologists and geographers Do this : Study the composition , structure and other physical aspects of the Earth . Get paid : $ 89,300 28 . Veterinarians Do this : Provide health care for family pets , livestock and zoo animals . Provide check-ups , treat diseases and advise caretakers on how to best raise their animals . Get paid : $ 89,450 29 . Construction managers Do this : Oversee all activities concerned with the construction and maintenance of structures , facilities and systems . Get paid : $ 89,770 30 . Sales engineers Do this : Sell business goods or services , the selling of which requires a technical background equivalent to a bachelor 's degree in engineering . Get paid : $ 89,770 Jobs by Salary , a new salary tool from CBSalary.com , allows you to search for jobs by salary based on where you live or work in the United States Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Bureau of Labor Statistics 2008 report lists dozens of jobs paying at least $ 80,000 Physics and post-secondary biology teachers can earn as much as $ 81,880 Sales engineers get paid the most on the list , at $ 89,770
We are online more than ever , glued to computers at work , and smartphones and tablets at home , during commutes and everywhere in between . But how are we filling up all that extra screen time other than checking social media , playing games and reading articles ? We 're watching videos , preferably funny ones . Since 2009 , the percentage of adults watching or downloading online videos has gone up from 69 % to 78 % , according to new research from the Pew Internet & American Life Project . The most popular way of viewing clips is streaming them through video-sharing sites such as YouTube , followed by regular websites , apps and via social media . Thirty-six percent of people bother to download entire video files . Comedy videos are hands down the most popular genre , holding on to the No. 1 spot from four years ago . Fifty-eight percent of adults are giggling along to comedy videos , and 56 % are getting guidance from how-to videos . Music videos also have taken off in those four years , and now half of adults watch them . Pornography was at the bottom of the list of video categories -- after sports and advertisements . Only 12 % of people reported watching adult videos online . Twenty-five percent of men admitted to viewing adult content , while 8 % of female respondents did . Regular people are filming and uploading a large chunk of online videos . In four years , the percentage of American adults posting videos online has shot up from 14 % to 31 % . The majority of people are uploading a video someone else created , but 18 % of online adults shot and shared videos themselves . The publicly shared moments are mostly mundane -- 58 % of the shooters are uploading clips of people they know doing "  everyday " things . The next most popular subject matter is people shooting themselves and their friends hamming it up for the camera for a laugh . Finally , 54 % shared videos of events they attended , which may explain what the sea of people watching concerts through their smartphones instead of looking at the stage do with their videos . Smartphones play a big role in the surge in amateur filmmakers . Anyone with a smartphone or tablet can capture spontaneous moments or whip up their own attempts at stardom . Forty percent of adults are recording video on their phones , and 41 % are watching videos from the devices . Not surprisingly , a bit of stardom is what many people are aiming for with their videos . More than a third of the people posting videos online hope one of their creations will go viral . Five percent of people posting videos regretted sharing something in the past . Pew credits sharing sites such as YouTube and Vimeo as being the "  main driving force " behind the video-watching trend . Back in 2006 , 33 % of people said they were using these types of sites . Now that number is 72 % . Apps such as Vine and other social media tools are becoming a popular way to share and consume videos directly from a phone . The study was part of Pew 's ongoing look at how Americans use the Internet . The phone survey of 1,003 American adults was conducted in July . The sampling error was plus or minus 3.6 percentage points .	Percentage of U.S. adults uploading videos has doubled since 2009 , a Pew study says Comedy videos are the most popular to watch , followed by how-to and instructional videos Study finds 18 % of online adults are sharing their own videos ; 11 % hope clips will go viral
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Three suspected U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan 's tribal region killed at least 21 suspected militants Friday , Pakistani intelligence officials said . All three strikes occurred in the Khyber Agency , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan . The attacks come as the strikes are expanding into new areas of Pakistan for the first time , and they may signal an extension of the hunt for terrorists along the border with Afghanistan . Two Pakistani intelligence officials said the first attack was on a militant hideout in Sippah village , in the area of the Tirah valley , where seven people died . The second was on a militant hideout in the village of Nakai , where eight more were killed . In the third strike , two missiles were fired on a militant training center in the village of Sangana in Tirah Valley , killing six suspected militants , the two intelligence officials said . The strikes targeted a local militant group , Lashkar-e-Islam  Mangal Bagh group  in Khyber Agency , the officials said . Ali Marjan , an important local commander of Lashkar-e-Islam , was killed in the first strike . The intelligence officials asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media . U.S. officials normally do not comment on suspected drone strikes , but the United States is the only country known to have the ability to launch missiles in the region from remote-controlled aircraft . In the past , the strikes have focused on North and South Waziristan , but the intelligence officials said many militant leaders have been pushed out of those areas by the drone activity , relocating to areas further north like Khyber . On Thursday , a Pakistani Intelligence official confirmed the first drone strike in Khyber , where a suspected drone fired two missiles and killed 7 militants . Based on a count by the CNN Islamabad bureau , Friday 's strikes bring the total for the year to 106 this year , compared to 52 in all of 2009 . CNN 's Nasir Habib and journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .	NEW : Three strikes occur in the Khyber Agency Suspected militants are killed in one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's tribal region In the past , the strikes have focused on North and South Waziristan Thursday marks the first suspected drone strike in the Khyber Agency
CNN  Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide , the cruise line said . Holland America Line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday . "  The cabin was immediately secured , and the authorities were notified , including the FBI , " Holland America said . "  We are cooperating fully with the investigation , and the authorities will make the official determination on what occurred . " FBI spokesman Moises Quiones said authorities were on scene investigating . The ship left Tampa , Florida , on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise . It 's currently in San Juan , Puerto Rico . Puerto Rico Port Authority spokesman Efran Santiago told El Nuevo Dia newspaper that the cleaning staff on the ship had discovered the deceased passengers after knocking on the cabin 's door .	Holland America says two passengers died in an apparent murder-suicide "  The cabin was immediately secured and the authorities were notified , " cruise line says The FBI is investigating the deaths ; the ship is in San Juan , Puerto Rico
CNN  -- It may not be comparable to Gilligan 's Island , but the plight of the 74 members of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition , aboard a research ship stuck in ice for more than a week at the bottom of the world , appeared anything but grim as 2014 approached . "  We 're the A , A , E who have traveled far , having fun doing science in Antarctica ! " a dozen or so of them sang on a video posted on YouTube . "  Lots of snow and lots of ice , lots of penguins , which are very , very nice ! " The rhyme scheme then fell apart , but the festive mood did not : "  Really good food and company , but a bloody great shame we are still stuck here ! Ice cold , cha cha cha ! Ice cold , cha cha cha ! " It was not all fun and games aboard the Russian-flagged MV Akademik Shokalskiy . After bad weather led the crew of the Australian icebreaker Aurora Australis to suspend efforts to reach the expedition Monday , less than 10 nautical miles short of its goal , more than two dozen of those aboard the research vessel ventured onto the surrounding ice , locked arms and proceeded to stomp on the snow to mark a spot where a helicopter from the Chinese icebreaker Xue Long , or Snow Dragon , can land . The helicopter , which can carry 12 people at a time , is expected to take the ship 's 52 passengers -- including the research team and journalists -- to the Xue Long . The Australian icebreaker that tried unsuccessfully to reach the research vessel will send a barge to pick them up from the Xue Long . The 22 crew members of the Akademik Shokalskiy will stay aboard , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . But the timing of the rescue remained uncertain as weather Tuesday remained bad . The failed attempt by the Australian icebreaker followed one by the Xue Long , which made it to within 6 nautical miles of the trapped vessel when its path was blocked by ice . It returned to open water and remained in the area to provide support , said Andrea Hayward-Maher , a spokeswoman for the maritime authority . The Akademik Shokalskiy has not moved since Christmas . Chris Turney , an Australian professor of climate change at the University of New South Wales , told CNN that there are regular briefings on the status of rescue attempts , and in the meantime , people are doing what they can to keep busy . That includes yoga and Spanish classes . The expedition to gauge the effects of climate change on the region began on November 27 . The second and current leg of the trip started on December 8 and was scheduled to conclude with a return to New Zealand on January 4 . The vessel got stuck in the ice 15 days after setting out on the second leg . Turney said the ship was surrounded by ice up to nearly 10 feet  3 meters  thick . It was about 100 nautical miles east of the French base Dumont D'Urville , which is about 1,500 nautical miles south of Hobart , Tasmania . On Christmas morning , the ship sent a satellite distress signal . But by New Year 's Eve , those aboard were showing few signs of distress . "  Up in the air , the Chinese came , flew around once and left again ! " they sang . "  The French dropped by , but could n't get near . Bloody great shame we 're still stuck here ! " CNN 's Josh Levs and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Some stranded on the Akademik Shokalskiy since Christmas have sent an upbeat message YouTube video : "  Lots of snow and lots of ice , lots of penguins , which are very , very nice ! " "  The French dropped by , but could n't get near . Bloody great shame we 're still stuck here ! " A helicopter is expected to pick up 52 passengers , and the 22 crew members will stay aboard
Peosta , Iowa  CNN  -- President Barack Obama laced into his conservative Republican congressional critics Tuesday , accusing them of putting partisan political concerns before the country 's interests . Appearing before a crowd of farmers and small-business owners in the presidential battleground state of Iowa , Obama called on Congress to help boost an anemic economy by passing an extension of the payroll tax cut and a new road construction bill , among other things . "  America is going to come back from this recession stronger than before , " the president declared . But I "  need your help sending a message to Congress " that "  it 's time to put politics aside and get something done , " he said . Elements in Congress refuse to "  put country ahead of faction , " Obama said . It is time to "  put country ahead of party and put the next generation ahead of the next election . That 's what I 'm fighting for . " Obama 's latest salvo against tea party-backed Republicans came in the midst of the president 's three-day Midwestern bus tour , ostensibly meant to promote administration 's new rural economic development initiatives . The president is scheduled to discussed a number of political and economic issues during a one-on-one interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday afternoon . Among other things , the administration is pushing $ 350 million in additional Small Business Administration funding to rural small businesses over the next five years . The White House is also working to promote greater venture capital investment in rural startups and using more than 2,800 U.S. Agriculture Department offices nationwide to help publicize job opportunities . Loans from the Department of Health and Human Services are being made available to help recruit staff members to 1,300 rural hospitals . The initiatives are based on recommendations from the White House Rural Council , which Obama created in June to report on rural America 's economic climate . Obama 's trip to Peosta , Iowa , followed stops in both Minnesota and Iowa on Monday . On Wednesday , the president will host a pair of town hall forums in his home state of Illinois . The first family is then scheduled to depart for a vacation in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , on Thursday . Obama 's remarks on Tuesday echoed comments he made Monday , in which he slammed partisan politics and called on lawmakers to prioritize economic growth . "  The problem we have is not with our country . The problem is that our politics is broken , " he said at a town hall meeting in Decorah , Iowa . "  There are a whole host of ideas that we could be implementing right now that traditionally have had bipartisan support . The only thing that is preventing us from passing them is that there are some folks in Congress who think that doing something in cooperation with me , or this White House , that that somehow is bad politics . " The president said he will release a detailed plan to boost the economy , create jobs and control the country 's deficit when Congress returns to Washington in September . He began his tour with a town hall meeting before a supportive crowd at a riverside Minnesota park in Cannon Falls . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Preibus on Monday blasted the Midwest swing as nothing more than a campaign event thinly disguised as an extended public policy discussion . "  He 's spending taxpayers ' dollars on a bus tour disguised as some kind of economic event for the country when we all know that it 's a campaign event paid for by the taxpayers , " Preibus said . Earlier , the Republican National Committee issued a "  briefing book " on the trip made to resemble one produced by the administration in which it mockingly described the trip as "  a totally non-political taxpayer-funded administration event that just happens to criss-cross several battleground states critical to the president 's reelection . " GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney 's campaign posted a message to his website that was similarly critical . "  During his Magical Misery bus tour this week , it is unlikely President Obama will speak with unemployed Americans , to near-bankrupt business owners or to families struggling to survive in this economy , " the statement reads . "  He is more interested in campaigning in swing states than working to solve the economic crisis that is crushing the middle class . " Administration officials defended the trip last week , saying it was not political in nature . It was meant as an opportunity for Obama to visit with residents in their own communities to talk about national economic policy , they said . "  That is n't just an appropriate thing for a president to do , it 's something that a president should do , " Josh Earnest , Obama 's principal deputy press secretary , said Friday . At the Cannon Falls meeting , Obama hit on recent themes blaming economic problems in part on turmoil in the Mideast , debt problems in Europe and the earthquake and tsunami in Japan , but he said the biggest problem was intransigence in Washington , particularly among Republicans unwilling to accept any tax increases to help solve the nation 's budget problems . He also touched on education , health care reform and other topics . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	NEW : Obama says Republicans put partisan concerns before national needs Obama attends a rural economic forum in Iowa The state is his second in a three-state tour GOP critics say the trip is a thinly disguised , taxpayer-funded political trip
Rason , North Korea  CNN  -- As the sole Western journalist covering a unique bicycle race in North Korea last month , I was provided with a personal guide , a car with a driver and the promise that I was free to take any photographs I wanted . As a journalist , it seemed like an incredible opportunity to document a small snapshot of what North Korea was really like . However , the promise turned out not to be completely true . At the border , before going back to China , a group of security guards confiscated my camera and erased all images they thought were inappropriate , or did not portray the country in a favorable light . The North Korea I was n't meant to see But with the help of a computer expert in Hong Kong , I managed to get all the pictures back . Officially , I only had two restrictions to obey during my trip : No photos of the military or military facilities and all shots of portraits of Kim Il Sung and his son Kim Jong-Il had to show their entire figures . And I was under no circumstances allowed to walk off alone . My guide , Ko Chang Ho , was surprisingly friendly and talkative . Contrary to the propaganda machine I was expecting , the 42-year-old father of two talked at length about his days as an English student in Pyongyang and his interest in international literature . His favorite author was William Shakespeare ; the last book he read was Sir Walter Scott 's classic novel , "  Ivanhoe . " We also talked about why the outside world has such a negative view of North Korea ; something he was very sad about . He loved his country and I chose my words carefully . Many times I asked Ho if it was okay to take photos of police , guards , power stations , refineries , train tracks and other objects I suspected would be considered sensitive by the secretive regime . "  Go right ahead , " he would say with a smile . Driving though the countryside , I asked the driver to stop by the small villages . "  No problem , " said my guide . "  Just be polite to the peasants . They are not used to Westerners with big cameras . " Westerners race into North Korea -- by bike By the finishing line of the cycle race in the city of Rason , I was running around trying to get good shots of the riders coming in as well as of spectators and the city itself . My guide had a hard time keeping up with me , but he never once told me to lower my camera or slow down . It was all very informal . After the race , I had a chat with the vice mayor of the Rason Special Economic Zone , Hwang Chol Nam -- who to my surprise spoke fluent Swedish after studying in Europe . And in the evening I sat down with a couple of young women from the local tourist office and had a conversation -- in Mandarin through an interpreter -- about relationships and everyday life in North Korea . They explained that although some North Korean marriages still were staged because of family ties to politics , almost all are today based on love . They said most of their friends and local teenagers are studying Mandarin to do business and network with the growing number of Chinese visiting the region . The following day , I had my first clash with the authorities . After breakfast I decided to go for a walk alone . While the guides and the other officials were busy , I walked out the hotel to the parking lot by myself . I did n't manage to get more than 10 meters before a uniformed guard saw me and led me back to the hotel lobby and told my guide that I had wandered off . The real setback happened just minutes before I was to cross the Tumen River and go back to China . At the border , a group of guards called me over and demanded to check my camera . Despite my objections , one of the guards erased picture after picture . I tried to look over his shoulder to see what he was deleting , but he kept turning his back to me so I could n't see . Every time he hit the delete button , I felt the frustration build . My guide said they were erasing "  inappropriate " pictures , with no further explanation . In total , 90 images were erased from the memory card . Behind the veil : A rare look at life in North Korea I was annoyed but not surprised . Back in Hong Kong I got in contact with a small IT company that specializes in data recovery . After leaving me waiting impatiently for 24 hours , they finally got back to me . All the photos had been saved . "  When they deleted the file on the card , they did not delete the whole file instantly , it just released the space of this file for future use -- the content is still there , " Benjamin Wong , owner of Vector Data Recovery explained to me . Looking at the censored photos , I was surprised about the selection . Some were of angry looking security guards with scruffy barracks in the background , others of government officials going through our passports . I could just about understand that . But others were in my eyes harmless , even scenic . There was an old couple walking alongside the cornfields , a family out in the countryside waving from their house , and a mother cycling with her sleeping baby on a seat on the back of her bike . One photo showed a volleyball pitch next to the customs building by the border crossing . Why these images are not in line with North Korean image guidelines is for me a mystery . But so are a lot of things about the world 's most isolated country . The North Korea we rarely see	Journalist Johan Nylander covered an international bike race from China into North Korea Promised full access while in North Korea , guards later deleted 90 of his photos Nylander recovered the photos deemed offensive by government minders Deleted photos often showed North Korean security guards , peasants in the countryside
Washington  CNN  -- A 5-year-old 's birthday party with no cake and candles ? Unheard of , except in politics . Monday marked the fifth anniversary of President Barack Obama 's signing of the 2009 stimulus bill , the focus of a hyper-partisan debate over the first major legislation of his presidency . By most assessments , the $ 800-billion-plus spending and tax-relief program helped reverse job losses and restore economic growth , though not as fast or strong as originally predicted . Arguments based on political ideology persist over whether it helped or hurt the county in the long run . Obama and Democrats argue it was crucial to the recovery from what is now called the Great Recession , while Republicans who opposed the stimulus then still call it the wrong prescription . CNNMoney : States ' unemployment rates White House relatively silent on anniversary : For Monday 's milestone , the White House took the somewhat muted approach of releasing a blog post by Jason Furman , the chairman of Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , who touted a new report on the benefits from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act . "  The economy has now grown for 11 straight quarters , and businesses have added 8.5 million jobs since early 2010 , " Furman 's blog post said . "  While far more work remains to ensure that the economy provides opportunity for every American , there can be no question that President Obama 's actions to date have laid the groundwork for stronger , more sustainable economic growth in the years ahead . " Vice President Joe Biden will mark the anniversary on Wednesday in Illinois , but otherwise , Furman 's post and the final report on the stimulus by the council he heads accounted for the total administration commemoration on the Presidents Day holiday . No silence from the right : Republicans , meanwhile , kept up their consistent drumbeat of criticism . The Republican National Committee sent reporters a morning email headlined : "  The Stimulus That Was n't : Five Years Later , It 's Clear Obama 's Stimulus Was A Waste Of Taxpayer Dollars . " "  If you recall five years ago , the notion was that if the government spent all this money -- that , by the way , was borrowed -- that somehow the economy would begin to grow and create jobs , " GOP Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida said in a video . "  Well , of course , it clearly failed . " The differing reactions continue a pattern that pre-dates congressional approval of the stimulus law in 2009 with almost zero Republican support . CNNMoney : Where 's the debt ceiling now ? Republicans ` set terms ' for economic debates : To Peter Hamby , CNN Digital 's national political reporter , the Obama administration has been weak in communicating economic accomplishments compared to Republicans , who he said "  really set the terms ... for these economic debates . " That was obvious on Monday . Along with the RNC and Rubio attacks , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and two other Senate GOP leaders -- John Cornyn of Texas and John Thune of South Dakota -- also launched broadsides . The Republican criticism is part of GOP strategy to frame this year 's congressional elections as a referendum on Obama 's presidency , with the party 's conservative base relentlessly hammering Democrats over still-sluggish economic growth and the Obamacare health reforms . A Pew Research poll from 2012 showed Americans divided and uncertain on the stimulus issue , with 37 % supporting it , 41 % registering disapproval and nearly a quarter of respondents unsure . As usual , a wide partisan divide existed , with two-thirds of Democrats in support compared to only 12 % of Republicans . CNNMoney : 3 problems Congress should stop asking the Fed to solve White House says legislative goals reached : The White House report on the stimulus released Monday said the legislation along with subsequent legislation intended to boost job growth achieved their goal . "  Considerable evidence suggests the federal government 's efforts to jump-start the economy were successful , " it concluded , adding that the stimulus bill "  provided an important and timely boost to GDP in 2009 and 2010 . " Obama calls for continued government investment in job creation , such as funding infrastructure projects to rebuild roads and bridges , as well as jobs training programs . Republicans say stimulus proves their point : Republicans say the legacy of the stimulus bill showed a big government approach does n't work . "  Five years later , underemployment is still too high , the number of people that have dropped out of the workforce is astounding , unemployment remains stubbornly high and our economy is n't growing fast enough  $ " proof that massive government spending , particularly debt spending , is not the solution to our economic growth problems , " Rubio 's video said . In response to the fresh GOP attacks , the left-leaning ThinkProgress.org website noted that Republicans who opposed the stimulus bill in 2009 were happy to receive its benefits in ensuing years , with some claiming credit for projects funded with stimulus money they had opposed . Government intervention in response to the recession began in the final months of the Bush administration that preceded Obama , with bailouts of the financial system and auto industry . Obama continued and built on that strategy with the stimulus bill and expanded auto bailout . The stimulus plan included almost $ 300 billion in tax relief as well as spending on various programs and initiatives including education , medical research , health care , infrastructure , local law enforcement , energy and job training . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	White House report says stimulus bill achieved its goal of reversing downturn Republicans lambaste the $ 800-billion-plus measure signed in 2009 Five years later , it remains a partisan dispute based on differing political ideologies Vice President Biden heads to Illinois on Wednesday to commemorate the bill signing
CNN  -- Bill Murray is considered to be one of the most lovable and easy-going actors around , which makes him a perfect candidate to play "  The Jungle Book 's " happy-go-lucky bear , Baloo . According to Deadline Hollywood , Murray has signed on to portray the gentle creature in Jon Favreau 's live-action version of Rudyard Kipling 's "  The Jungle Book . " Originally released as an animated movie in 1967 , the story tells the tale of an orphaned boy named Mowgli , who 's raised in the Indian jungle by a pack of wolves . Along the way , he befriends a good-humored , groove-loving bear named Baloo , a panther named Bagheera and an orangutan named Louie . So far , Favreau 's "  Jungle Book " has lined up an all-star cast . In addition to Murray , Christopher Walken has signed on to play the swinging King Louie , while Ben Kingsley will play Bagheera . Scarlett Johansson will play the python Kaa ; Lupita Nyong ' o will play Mowgli 's wolf mother , Rakcha ; and Giancarlo Esposito will play the leader of the wolf pack , Akela . Newcomer Neel Sethi will portray Mowgli , whose animal friends urge him to escape the jungle and the wrath of the vicious tiger Shere Khan , portrayed in Favreau 's movie by Idris Elba . The live-action "  Jungle Book " is slated for release on October 9 , 2015 . See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Bill Murray cast as Baloo , according to reports Directed by Jon Favreau , the movie will be live-action The cast also features Christopher Walken , Lupita Nyong ' o and Ben Kingsley
Islamist militants have told Christians in a northern Syrian city that they will guarantee their safety . But there 's a catch . Make that a lot of catches . Christian residents of Raqqa , once one of the nation 's most liberal cities , will have to pay as much as 17 grams of gold per adult male in an annual payment , the extremist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  said in a statement posted online this week . The group is also forbidding the city 's Christians from repairing or refurbishing their churches and monasteries , said the statement , which has been circulated in the city , according to Syrian activists . The list of constraints imposed by the militants also limits Christian worship , business activities and alcohol consumption . The heavy restrictions are perhaps unsurprising coming from ISIS , which has broken away from al Qaeda and is fighting with other rebel groups in Syria . Activists told CNN in November that Raqqa was becoming increasingly conservative after ISIS began imposing hardline Islamist law there and meting out harsh punishment to those who do n't follow orders . Locals started calling the city Tora Bora and saying it felt as if the Taliban of Afghanistan had taken over . ISIS 's new set of restrictions on Christians has drawn criticism from the Syrian opposition and even a radical Muslim cleric . Louay Safi , a spokesman for the Syrian Coalition , said ISIS 's treatment of non-Muslims was un-Islamic . And the radical cleric , Abu Qatada , who is on trial in Jordan over terrorism charges , told CNN Arabic on Thursday that the militants did n't have the right to offer protection and demand payment from Christians because they were n't yet empowered to govern Syria . It 's unclear how many Christians remain in Raqqa after years of bloody civil war in Syria . Since ISIS began cracking down on dissent in Raqqa , many activists and residents have fled the city . Other things the extremist group have forbidden Christians in Raqqa from doing include : -- Exposing crosses or their books to Muslims ; -- Making any recitations or ringing any church bells that can be heard by Muslims ; -- Trading pigs or alcohol to Muslims or in their markets ; -- Drinking alcohol in public .	Raqqa was once one of the nation 's most liberal cities The militants are also forbidding Christians from repairing churches and monasteries The heavy restrictions are not surprising coming from ISIS
CNN  -- The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill has dropped honor-court proceedings against a student who said the school retaliated against her for a sexual assault allegation . In an e-mail to faculty and students on Thursday , Chancellor Holden Thorp said an outside review indicated no evidence of retaliation against Landen Gambill , who accused her ex-boyfriend of rape . Gambill is one of several students who sparked a Department of Education investigation into how the university handles sex assault cases . Thorp said a section of the honor code pertaining to "  disruptive or intimidating behavior " would be suspended pending further review . "  This action is not a challenge to the important role of students in our Honor System , but is intended to protect the free speech rights of our students , " the chancellor said in his e-mail . Thorp said the "  important issue " will receive further discussion . Gambill 's attorney , Henry Clay Turner , had written a letter to Thorp , saying his client believed the university was retaliating against her because it let the student-run honor court charge her with intimidating her former boyfriend . Gambill did not file a sexual assault report with police , and her former boyfriend -- who has not been identified publicly -- denied her accusation , according to his attorney . The man then asked the honor court to consider intimidation charges against Gambill , saying her accusations had negatively changed perceptions of him on campus . According to news reports , a campus judicial proceeding found him not guilty of sexual misconduct in 2012 . The Education Department in March opened its investigation at the request of current and former students as well as a former administrator . The department is looking into the women 's allegations that school administrators brushed aside concerns about sexual violence on campus and failed to adequately investigate complaints of sexual assault . In an interview in March , Thorp told CNN that university policies follow federal law and that the school has worked to make sure everyone there knows how a sexual assault allegation will be handled -- "  but the way we implement  policies  can always continue to be improved . " School administrators have disputed the cavalier attitude toward sexual assault alleged by the students , noting that UNC has removed sexual violence cases from the list of concerns handled by the school 's honor court and appointed an administrator to deal directly with victims . The university created a 22-member task force to review and enhance its procedures for handling student-on-student complaints of harassment , sexual misconduct or discrimination . CNN 's attempts Friday to reach Turner were not immediately successful . His law firm , in a tweet Thursday , said the charges against Gambill were "  unconstitutional . " CNN 's Mark Morgenstein , Jason Hanna , Joe Sutton and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	UNC-Chapel Hill drops honor-court case against woman Student had accused an ex-boyfriend of rape ; she was taken to student honor court University suspends portion of honor code Outside review found no retaliation against student
CNN  -- A Wisconsin man was recovering Friday after being bit by a 7-year-old Siberian tiger , the local sheriff 's office said . The tiger , "  Khan , " grabbed the arm of 38-year-old volunteer John Meeker and pulled the arm into his cage at the Wisconsin Big Cat Rescue and Educational Center in Rock Springs , said Chief Deputy Chip Meister with the Sauk County Sheriff 's Office . Meeker had been watering the tiger when he was attacked , Meister said . He added that other volunteers were able to get him away from the animal and began first aid . The man was flown from the scene by an air ambulance service based at the University of Wisconsin Hospital in Madison , Wisconsin . The south-central Wisconsin incident is under investigation , said Meister .	Volunteer John Meeker has been flown from the scene for treatment Meeker had been watering the tiger when he was attacked Other volunteers were able to get Meeker away from the tiger Incident at Wisconsin Big Cat Rescue and Educational Center is under investigation
CNN  -- With recriminations and accusations flying in the wake of riots that left 79 football fans dead in the northeastern city of Port Said , the immediate future for Egyptian soccer looks particularly bleak . Three days of mourning have begun for the victims of the violence that erupted after local team Al-Masry had beaten Cairo-based Al-Ahly 3-1 on Wednesday , but it will take far longer than that to understand how such a tragedy could have occurred . The domestic league was suspended indefinitely after the deaths just hours before Prime Minister Kamal al-Ganzuri sacked the entire leadership of the Egyptian Football Association -- a move that is sure to warrant attention from FIFA . Soccer 's world 's governing body stipulates that governments should not tamper with a national soccer federation 's affairs , and an international ban for the Egyptian team could follow . Deadly Egyptian riots go beyond football FIFA president Sepp Blatter has expressed his sympathy to the victims ' families and also asked for a detailed report on what happened . Given the current confusion about exactly what did take place , he may be waiting a while . According to Al-Ahly board member , Khaled Mortagy , the security forces present in the stadium at Port Said have a lot to answer for . "  There were huge , even massive security breaches at the game -- the police showed total ignorance , " he told CNN . "  The fans moved like a tsunami , and quickly we were looking at a massacre . We believe that this is something that has been well organized . "  I 'm sure there are some hidden hands behind this . But we ca n't really see or we can not really confirm who is behind all that . " In the wake of the tragedy , a number of Al-Ahly 's players have said they are going to retire from the game , but Mortagy hopes they change their mind . Anger flares in Egypt after 79 die in soccer riot "  The players  are in a very bad shape in terms of morale . They 've seen people die in the dressing rooms , which normally does n't happen in the sports world . I think they have been under a lot of stress . "  Al-Ahly has over 60 million fans and supporters . And I do n't think that the players will leave these fans because again the fans need them , and they need the fans . " Blame has also been attached to the aging Port Said stadium , which hosted the fateful game between two of Egypt 's biggest clubs . James Montague , author of "  When Friday Comes : Football in the War Zone , " a book about football and politics in the Middle East , says many arenas in the country are not fit for the purpose . He told CNN : "  I 've been to many football grounds across Egypt . We 're talking about stadiums built in the 1920s and 1930s , big crumbling concrete bowls that have few exits . "  They are death traps , and this is something that has been waiting to happen . "  There might be 70,000 allowed in a football stadium but 100,000 people come in , or 40,000 are supposed to be there and 70,000 people get in . " Eyewitnesses : Police stood idle in Egypt football massacre There were flashpoints between fans when the teams played each other back in April , and Montague says it is inexplicable the authorities on hand at the stadium did not do more to protect fans . "  At the moment everybody is wondering how and why the police allowed this to happen , " he added . "  In any country in the world , if you have a rivalry between two football teams , and you do n't police it , there 's likely to be a high degree of violence and probably deaths involved . "  In this case , for some reason , the police stood back and did n't police the match properly . "  Obviously the soccer ultras  hardcore fans  had a key role in the revolution , fighting the police and trying to bring down Hosni Mubarak  former Egyptian leader  -- many people are questioning if that is the real reason this was n't policed properly . "  The league is a mess and I ca n't see it resuming anytime soon . "	Egyptian football 's future looks bleak after nearly 80 people died in a soccer riot Fans of Al-Masry charged at rival supporters of Al-Ahly causing havoc in the stadium Al-Ahly board member accuses police of showing "  total ignorance " towards violence Egyptian league suspended and its FA sacked which could mean action from FIFA
Yusufeli , Turkey  CNN  -- The most impressive thing about Yusufeli is the people who live there . When we go on shoots with CNN 's Earth 's Frontiers , it 's usually the spectacular scenery , or technical wizardry that we are trying to film . This time we had to film a way of life -- people and animals and nature . In a word , biodiversity . Yusufeli in the Kakar Mountains is famed for its wealth of species . The rural areas are alive with bees buzzing , frogs croaking and the sound of rushing water . Brown bears roam the upper slopes of the mountains . In the town itself , old men sit outside and play backgammon with a cup of Turkish tea to hand . It 's very picturesque . And it 's under threat from an unlikely source . The Yusufeli dam project is part of Turkey 's national plan to expand its use of hydropower . This is a huge project , which will eventually see up to 3,000 working dams all over the country . The oruh River , which runs through the town , will eventually have 15 dams on it . When the project is complete the town will be flooded , but the dam system will provide one tenth of Turkey 's electricity . And that 's the crux of the matter . Turkey is a rapidly developing country with one of the fastest growing economies in the world . As the mayor of Yusufeli told us , "  Energy has an important role to play in terms of the development of countries . " Nobody can deny that hydro is one of the cheapest , cleanest , most efficient ways of producing electricity . That means the Yusufeli dam is a very attractive proposition for the state and perhaps a sacrifice for the greater good . At the moment Turkey 's energy sector is dependent on dirty , expensive fossil fuels , which are imported . By capitalizing on the country 's rivers , the state moves towards greater energy independence . I arranged an interview with DSI , the state hydraulic company that is building the Yusufeli dam . But when we turned up , they refused to speak to us on camera , despite having agreed to the interview some weeks before . The company said the situation was "  sensitive . " The people of Yusufeli have been waiting for the axe to fall for some time . One resident we interviewed said he had first heard talk of a dam forty years ago . Most people we spoke to said if it was going to come , it should come soon . All residents were unsure of their future . And yet I was struck by the building sites all over the town . Yusufeli residents have not yet accepted this dam . Mustafa Yikilmaz , a local NGO worker , described his town as "  thriving . " The oruh River is the second fastest river in the world , which draws rafting tourism to this small town from all over the world . Yusufeli is also one of the UN 's designated "  biodiversity hotspots " . There are over 200 species of butterflies in this region alone . And it is along these lines that the campaign to stop the Yusufeli dam continues . Locals who have worked the land using traditional methods are joining with NGOs and international campaigners to raise the profile of Yusufeli as an area of exceptional importance . Following several campaigns , some European financial backers have withdrawn their support for the dam . This is a problem without a satisfactory answer . Biodiversity is important . And yet if countries like Turkey want to develop , hydro-electricity is a clean , efficient way of doing so . Will Yusufeli dam be built ? Will progress win out over preservation ? Leave your thoughts in the "  Sound off " box below and click here find out how you can be part of CNN 's Earth 's Frontiers debate next month .	Proposed dam in northeast Turkey could provide abundant power supply The project would lead to flooding of whole towns in ecologically rich area Issue is increasingly sensitive as some financial backers pull out of project Area is one of U.N.-designated biodiversity hotspots
CNN  -- NASA 's staggering budget shortfall has put its rocket program at "  high risk " of missing the planned 2017 launch date for its $ 12 billion deep-space rocket , a federal watchdog said . A report by the Government Accountability Office , the investigative arm of Congress , estimates that NASA may need an additional $ 400 million to meet the December 2017 deadline for launch . The GAO reports the space agency 's Space Launch System program lacks funding and long term focus . "  Without identifying a range of mission possibilities and their required funding , the program is at risk of making uninformed decisions and pursuing development paths that may not make the most efficient use of limited resources in the near term and could negatively impact longer term affordability , " the report states . It acknowledges that NASA metrics indicate the program is on track in terms of design goals , which demonstrate the capability of the system . In NASA 's response to the report , it warned that "  delaying the SLS development schedule or diverting funding from other priorities to satisfy a schedule confidence level could jeopardize these goals and result in an increase in costs to the taxpayer . " NASA said the SLS is set to be "  the most powerful rocket in history for deep space missions , " with hopes of eventually going to Mars . The office running the program told GAO investigators there is a 90 % chance at this time the rocket will not make its launch date . Orion , NASA 's newest manned spaceship , is set to launch on the first SLS test flight , according to the agency 's website . No astronauts will be aboard the December flight , which will test the spacecraft 's systems for future manned missions . If SLS misses its first launch date , NASA has a second flight scheduled for 2021 . What to know about NASA Scientists : We 're ` very close ' to finding another Earth Buzz Aldrin : After moon , next stop Mars NASA launches satellite to study carbon pollution in the atmosphere	Audit says NASA is at "  high risk " of missing planned 2017 launch date of deep-space rocket Government Accountability Office estimates NASA may need an additional $ 400 million NASA says schedule delays or fund diversions could result in increased costs to taxpayers
CNN  -- On Twitter , even the best intentions can lead to disastrous results . That 's what happened to the NFL 's New England Patriots this week , when the football team 's attempt to reward their followers on Twitter turned into a social media manager 's worst nightmare . It all began Thursday morning , when the Patriots tweeted they were celebrating reaching 1 million followers by thanking fans with "  custom digital Pats jerseys . " The "  custom digital jersey " was actually a photo of the back of a Patriots jersey displaying a fan 's Twitter handle where the player 's name appears . So if your Twitter handle is , say , @ILoveCookies , you got a tweet from the Patriots account that included a photo of the jersey with @ILoveCookies on the back , along with a thank-you note . But what if the Twitter handle contains a racial slur ? The Patriots did n't think that through . When a Twitter user with the name @IHateN ***** ss asked for a jersey of their own , the Patriots cheerfully responded . " @IHATEN ***** SS Thanks for helping with 1 million followers ! " the tweet said , along with the promised photo of a Patriots jersey bearing @IHATEN ***** SS on the back . The tweet stayed up for about an hour , to the incredulity of those online who spotted it . Soon after , the tweet was removed and the Patriots issued an apology . The Patriots ' fiasco is the second major social media fail we 've seen this week . Comedian Bill Cosby , who is facing allegations of rape , learned that encouraging Twitter to use his photo for a meme did not go the way he expected . Although Cosby has denied the allegations , people still mocked him by creating their own meme images that included rape jokes . Check out the gallery above to see more major social media blunders .	The New England Patriots had a social fail on Thursday The football team inadvertently posted a tweet that included a racial slur It 's the second social media gaffe this week Earlier , Bill Cosby 's #CosbyMeme went awry
CNN  -- It 's been 15 long months since he lifted a trophy and Andy Murray certainly did it the hard way . The Scot survived five match points against Tommy Robredo in the Shenzhen Open final Sunday before closing out a grueling three-set victory in two and a half hours . Following his 2013 triumph at Wimbledon , Murray had back surgery later that year and has struggled to match those heroics this year . He opted to play at the inaugural even in China and after battling to the final found himself a set down and trailing 2-6 in the second set tiebreaker . Showing typical fighting quality he saved the initial four match points and another at 7-6 down , before claiming the tiebreaker to level . The third set was one-sided as Murray won 5-7 7-6 6-1 and moves up to 10th in the race to make the ATP Tour Finals in London in November , with the top eight qualifying . "  It 's been a long time since I won a tournament , " Murray told the official ATP Tour website . "  The way that the match was won does n't happen very often . It 's rare to win a match like that . I was very close to losing . "  It was an emotional week for me . I managed to fight my way through it , win the title , and hopefully I can win another one before the end of the year . " Murray will stay in China for the ATP World Tour 500 tournament in Beijing and the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event in Shanghai , hoping to reach the finals for a seventh year in a row . He was claiming his 29th career title , the first since beating Novak Djokovic in last year 's Wimbledon final . Robredo was also looking for his first title since last year and was disappointed to lose out after having so many chances . "  In a match like today that was so close , it 's tough to accept it . But Andy did a great job . He was pushing right till the end and in the end , he deserved it , " the Spaniard added .	Andy Murray wins Shenzhen Open in China Survives five match points to beat Tommy Robredo First title in 15 months for Murray Scot bidding to qualify for ATP World Tour Finals in London
London , England  CNN  -- British airlines should stop "  kowtowing " to American security demands like making passengers take off their shoes and remove laptops from carry-on bags , the chairman of British Airways argued at an industry conference . Some security checks required by the Americans are "  completely redundant , " Martin Broughton said at the UK Airport Operators conference in London Monday night , BA confirmed to CNN . He also criticized the United States for demanding tighter security on inbound international flights than they do for U.S. domestic travel . "  America does not do internally a lot of the things they demand that we do , " he said . "  We should n't stand for that . We should say , ` We 'll only do things which we consider to be essential and that you Americans also consider essential . ' "  We all know there 's quite a number of elements in the security program which are completely redundant and they should be sorted out , " he said . A U.S. government security official dismissed Broughton 's comments . "  These off-the-cuff comments by an individual representing a private , for-profit entity in no way reflect the close working relationship between the U.S. and the U.K. and are not indicative of the cooperative security efforts enjoyed by our two nations , " the official said . "  These comments are simply out of touch with current intelligence-driven security policies . " But other industry executives were quick to support the British Airways executive . "  There will no doubt be widespread agreement , " said the head of the Board of Airline Representatives in the United Kingdom . "  It is about time the industry stepped back and had a look at what is really required and what we can do without , ensuring safety is not compromised , " Mike Carrivick told CNN . He said the industry should take "  technological advances " into account when examining the "  layer upon layer " of security measures that have been added over the years . The umbrella organization represents 85 airlines . Airport Operators Association spokesman Paul Kehoe said industry professionals "  need to look at security again . " "  For the passengers , it 's a tedious experience to queue for security , and if there are measures that do n't need to be there , they should n't be . It 's good for someone to challenge the industry , " he told CNN . Philip Hammond , British transport minister , says that the government is responding to industry concerns . "  I have listened to your concerns regarding the need to reform the regulatory framework for aviation security , " he said Monday at the same conference where BA 's Broughton was speaking . "  And I intend to develop a new regulatory system , one where the government concentrates on setting the security outcomes that need to be achieved , and frees up operators to devise the security processes needed to deliver them in line with EU requirements , " he said . The United States Transportation Security Administration said it "  works closely with our international partners to ensure the best possible security . We constantly review and evolve our security measures based on the latest intelligence . " A TSA official said : "  screening shoes increases security at the checkpoint . Shoes remain a security concern because items may be hidden within the shoe and therefore they must continue to be thoroughly screened . Screening shoes by X-ray is an effective method of identifying any type of anomaly , including explosives . " The flight comparison website Skyscanner said "  passengers are increasingly impatient with the time needed for current security checks . " "  Travellers are in favor of anything which will make security checks faster , but they need to feel confident that safety measures have not been compromised too , " said Barry Smith , Skyscanner 's co-founder and business director , citing passenger surveys conducted by the website . Smiths Detection , which makes airport security equipment , said systems are constantly evolving in response to threats . "  There is no one single solution to aviation security and we strongly agree that there should be common international standards , " Smiths President Stephen Phipson told CNN . "  These standards should help ensure consistency of security measures , airport efficiency and customer experience , " he said . Airports began asking passengers to remove their shoes for scanning after Richard Reid , a passenger on a flight from France to the United States in December 2001 , hid explosives in his shoes in a failed attempt to blow up a plane . Large quantities of liquid were banned from cabins in 2006 after British authorities broke up what they said was a plot to use liquid explosives to bring down U.S.-bound planes . And airport security authorities have feared for decades that explosives could be hidden inside electronics , going back to the days of the Walkman . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee , Per Nyberg , Carol Cratty and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	NEW : US official : "  Off-the-cuff " remarks do n't reflect US-UK working relationship A British government minister says he 's responding to industry concerns Security delays are among passengers ' top annoyances , a travel website says Other industry executives agree with BA , the head of an umbrella organization told CNN
CNN  -- Hamas is an Islamic fundamentalist organization whose military wing has admitted responsibility for terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians and soldiers . Hamas supporters wave flags and shout slogans in Gaza on December 14 to mark the group 's 21st anniversary . The group came into being in December 1987 , growing out of the Muslim Brotherhood , the religious and political organization founded in Egypt . Its goal is an Islamic fundamentalist Palestinian state . It is considered a terrorist organizations by Israel and the United States . Hamas is an acronym for "  Harakat Al-Muqawama Al-Islamia " or Islamic Resistance Movement , in English . The group was primarily a religious and charitable organization between the 1960s and 1980s . It has wings devoted to religious , military , political and security activities . Hamas has an annual budget of $ 70 million , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . It gets financial support from expatriate Palestinians , private donors in the Middle East , Muslim charities in the West , and Iran . Here are some notable events in its 21-year history : 1988 - The covenant of the Islamic Resistance Movement is published . The group presents itself as an alternative to the PLO . 1989 - An Israeli court convicts Hamas leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin of ordering Hamas members to kidnap and kill two Israeli soldiers . April 1994 - Hamas orchestrates its first suicide bombing . Five are killed in the Israeli city of Hedera . February to March 1996 - The Palestinian Authority cracks down on Hamas , after a series of Hamas-orchestrated suicide bombings in Israel kill more than 50 people . Palestinian President Yasser Arafat condemns the bombings , referring to them as "  a terrorist operation . " Later , the PNA arrests approximately 140 suspected Hamas members . 1997 - Hamas leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin is released from prison . 1999 - King Abdullah of Jordan closes down Hamas headquarters in Jordan . 2001 - The U.S. State Department lists Hamas on its official list of terrorist groups . June 12 , 2003 - A suicide bomber disguised as an ultra-orthodox Jew detonates himself on a Jerusalem bus , killing 16 Israelis . Hamas claims responsibility . August 20 , 2003 - A suicide bomber detonates himself on a bus killing at least 20 Israelis . Hamas and Islamic Jihad claim responsibility . January 2004 - The first Hamas female suicide bomber kills four Israelis at Erez crossing in a joint operation with the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades . March 14 , 2004 - Hamas and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades claim responsibility for a double attack at the Israeli port of Ashdod that kills 10 Israelis . March 22 , 2004 - Hamas leader Yassin is killed by Israeli air strikes . March 23 , 2004 - Dr. Abdel Aziz Rantisi is named as Yassin 's successor . April 17 , 2004 - Rantisi is killed by an Israeli air strike on his car . August 31 , 2004 - The Islamic militant group Hamas claims responsibility for deadly simultaneous explosions on two buses in the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva that killed at least 14 people and wounding more than 80 . September 26 , 2004 - A leading member of Hamas , Izz Eldin Subhi Sheikh Khalil , is killed by a car bomb as he leaves his home in Damascus , Syria . December 12 , 2004 - An attack at a checkpoint on the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt kills five Israelis . Hamas claims responsibility . January 14 , 2005 - A bomb at the Karni crossing at the Israel-Gaza border kills six Israelis . Hamas claims responsibility . January 25 , 2006 - Hamas , running as the "  Change and Reform Party , " participates for the first time in Palestinian parliamentary elections . The group is fielding 62 candidates . January 26 , 2006 - Hamas wins a landslide victory in the Palestinian legislative elections . Hamas wins 76 seats , and Fatah 43 seats in the 132-seat Palestinian Legislative Council , giving Hamas a majority . March 29 , 2006 - The new Palestinian Prime Minister , Ismail Haniya , and his cabinet are sworn in . The governments of the United States and Canada say they will have no contact with the Hamas-led Palestinian government . June 25 , 2006 - Hamas militants attack an Israeli military post and kill two soldiers . A third , Gilad Shalit , is kidnapped . The Palestinian government denies any knowledge of the attack . Early June 2007 - After a week of battles between Hamas and Fatah , Hamas seizes control of Gaza . Read a profile of Gaza June 14 , 2007 - Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas dissolves the government and dismisses Ismail Haniya as Prime Minister . Haniya rejects this and remains the de facto leader in Gaza . April 18-19 , 2008 - Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter meets with exiled Hamas leader Khalid Meshaal , in Damascus , Syria . June 2008 - Cease-fire truce between Hamas and Israel negotiated by Egypt goes into effect . Hamas agrees to stop firing rockets at Israeli border communities and Israel will allow limited trade into and out of Gaza . The cease-fire has a six-month deadline . December 19 , 2008 - Hamas formally ends cease-fire with Israel . Attacks between the two had continued the entire time to some degree , escalating more in November . From December 24 , 2008 - The rocket attacks from Hamas increase and so do the retaliation air strikes from Israel . See photos of Gaza in crisis "	Military wing of Hamas has admitted terrorist attacks on Israeli civilians , soldiers Hamas is considered terrorist organizations by Israel and the United States It has wings devoted to religious , military , political and security activities
CNN  -- Mark Webber climbed to the top of the Formula One championship standings with a runaway victory at the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday as Red Bull teammate and polesitter Sebastian Vettel paid for a mistake while the safety car was out . The Australian moved four points clear of previous leader Lewis Hamilton , who retired in the 24th lap of 70 after a mechanical failure ended his hopes of a second successive win at the Hungaroring , where he also triumphed in 2007 . "  It was a bit of a gift for me but you know I have n't had many of them , " the 33-year-old said after ending his 150th Grand Prix in fine style . "  It was an incredible day for the team . One-two was our goal but we were unfortunate not to get that . " The safety car was already out when the leading McLaren ground to a halt , and its introduction allowed Webber to take the lead having lost second place to Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso at the start . Vettel and Alonso had pitted for the first time on lap 16 , allowing Webber to establish a crucial buffer that he kept extending until he also came in for a tire change on lap 44 -- meaning he came back out of the lane still in front . F1 championship standings His fourth victory of the season lifted Red Bull eight points clear in the team standings as previous leaders McLaren 's world champion Jenson Button claimed eighth place after starting the race 11th on the grid . Vettel was hit with a 25-second drive-through penalty after not hearing team radio orders to move clear of Alonso and subsequently dropping too far behind the leader while the safety car was out . "  I did n't understand what was going on and why I was penalized , " Vettel told reporters . "  I did n't hear anything on the radio after briefly losing connection . I was warming up my car and was sure we had another lap . It 's a disappointing day for me . " Alonso , who won last time out at Hockenheim , kept his hopes of a third world title alive as he held off Vettel to take second place -- 17.821 seconds behind Webber -- despite the German setting the fastest lap of any driver . Vettel moved up to third overall , 10 points behind Webber , despite failing to capitalize on his seventh pole position this year as his early 12-second lead was wiped out . Alonso remained fifth in the standings , but is now only 20 points off the leader with seven races to go ahead of a four-week break before the next event in Belgium . Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa , second at the German Grand Prix , was fourth on his return to the circuit where last year he suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident during qualifying which ended his season . Renault 's Vitaly Petrov finished fifth for the Russian 's best result in his debut season , while fellow rookie Nico Hulkenberg of Williams was sixth ahead of Sauber 's veteran Pedro de la Rosa . Button , the winner here for Honda in 2006 for his maiden race win , was next -- a whole lap behind Webber -- while Kamui Kobayashi picked up more points for Sauber . The Japanese driver had started 23rd on the grid after failing to stop for a weigh-in after Saturday 's qualifying . Rubens Barrichello rounded out the top-10 for Williams after overtaking his former Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher late in the race -- the seven-time world champion faces a stewards inquiry after dangerously pushing his fellow veteran wide of the track . It was another disappointing day for the German -- who was lapped by Webber -- and Mercedes , with teammate Nico Rosberg retiring on lap 15 . Schumacher 's younger compatriot lost his rear right wheel while coming out of the pit lane , but fortunately the flying object did not strike any of the nearby team mechanics .	Mark Webber overtakes previous leader Lewis Hamilton in the F1 drivers ' standings Australian claims his fourth win of 2010 in Hungary as Red Bull move above McLaren His teammate Sebastian Vettel hit with 25-second penalty for error while safety car was out German finishes third behind Fernando Alonso , having led by 12 seconds from pole
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian investigators were hunting Thursday for the assassin of a reputed Russian mafia kingpin who was fatally shot by a sniper outside a restaurant in central Moscow . Aslan Usoyan , also known as Granddad Khassan , was the target Wednesday afternoon of what appears to be a contract killing amid a gangland turf war , state media said . A restaurant worker injured in the shooting was in a critical condition Thursday , state-run Itar-Tass news agency reported , after being hit by two bullets . She suffered damage to her spine and lungs , and is on a ventilator , the news agency reported . A doctor told the state-run Russia 24 channel that the 30-year-old woman might not walk again . Russia 's Investigative Committee , which is probing the attack , said the killer had used a VAL assault rifle fitted with a silencer . The weapon is standard issue for military special task force units , according to Itar-Tass . Usoyan , who was in his 70s , suffered a single bullet wound to the neck , the committee said . Two bodyguards who were with Usoyan administered first aid in the restaurant on Povarskaya Street , but their boss later died in the hospital . One bodyguard returned fire in the apparent direction of the shot but had to retreat into the building after coming under further fire from the assassin , the committee said . The assassin fled the scene without being caught . Investigators later found the spot where the killer had waited to take aim , the committee said -- a stairway between the fifth and sixth floors of a nearby building . Six shells were found there , along with a camp chair and piece of fabric . Involved in the criminal underworld since the 1960s , Usoyan had survived at least two previous attempts on his life , one in 1998 and the other in 2010 , state-run RIA Novosti reported . He was involved in gambling , drug trafficking , illegal arms sales and extraction of mineral resources , it said , and controlled organized crime groups in Moscow and across the country . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and Phil Black in Moscow , and Laura Smith-Spark in London contributed to this report .	NEW : A restaurant worker injured in the shooting may be paralyzed , state media say Investigators are hunting for the assassin of a reputed Russian mafia kingpin Aslan Usoyan , also known as Granddad Khassan , was shot at a restaurant , authorities say Usoyan had been involved in the criminal underworld for decades , state media report
I never realized that the conservative media were so eye-poppingly powerful . So mighty , in fact , that liberal politicians ca n't seem to stop talking about how they are running roughshod over the country . My response : Can we please stop the whining ? The latest to rant about the right is Al Gore . The former vice president told Charlie Rose that President Barack Obama had been cautious , and when the CBS anchor asked whether there was "  a very hostile environment for progressive ideas , " Gore had his culprit ready : "  Fox News and right-wing talk radio . In Tennessee there 's an old saying if you see a turtle on a fence post you can be pretty sure it did n't get there by itself . And the fact that we have 24/7 propaganda masquerading as news , it does have an impact . " Watch : Why Geraldo Rivera 's Senate hopes are an empty vault OK , Gore does n't like Fox . So he started what he hoped would be a liberal counterweight in Current TV , spent millions on such stars as Keith Olbermann , and ... the channel flopped . It was such a failure that he just sold it to Al Jazeera for an estimated personal take of $ 100 million . Leave aside the obvious contradiction of a climate change crusader selling to a network largely financed by the petrodollar kingdom of Qatar . Whatever you think of Fox , Rupert Murdoch 's network has been a financial success and Current TV was anything but . Is n't that the free market at work ? Watch : The media 's gushing send-off for Hillary Clinton Obama often invokes the conservative media , most recently in an interview with The New Republic . Asked about working with Republicans in his second term , the president said : "  One of the biggest factors is going to be how the media shapes debates . If a Republican member of Congress is not punished on Fox News or by Rush Limbaugh for working with a Democrat on a bill of common interest , then you 'll see more of them doing it . " Now it 's true that Fox or Limbaugh can boost or batter any lawmaker , and that they can help drive a controversy into the broader mainstream media . But we 're talking here about the president of the United States . He has an army , a navy and a bunch of nuclear weapons , not to mention an ability to command the airwaves at a moment 's notice . And he 's complaining about a cable channel and a radio talk-show host ? Limbaugh later offered this response : "  If Fox News and I are the only thing keeping the Republicans from caving to Barack Obama on every issue , I 'm not paid enough . " Watch : Does Sarah Palin have a future after Fox ? I have been through this before . It was on my "  Reliable Sources " program , in the fall of 2009 , that the White House declared war on Fox News . Anita Dunn , then the White House communications director , called Fox "  the communications arm of the Republican Party " and said , "  It is not really a news network anymore . " The resulting furor gave Fox months of fodder and was widely judged a tactical misstep that if anything elevated the network 's role . There are times when many Fox programs , including in the nonopinion hours , appear to be on a jihad against the administration . And these days , MSNBC can be counted on to defend the Democrats almost around the clock . But let 's face it : These are cable channels with relatively modest audiences , and their impact is sometimes exaggerated inside the Beltway echo chamber . After all , Obama handily won re-election despite the best efforts of Sean Hannity and Limbaugh . Watch : New York Times censors company 's vulgar name What liberals sometimes forget is that the conservative media took root because many Americans felt the fourth estate was too left-wing . ABC , NBC , CBS , NPR , The New York Times and The Washington Post all strive for fairness , in my view , but there is little question that they have a social and cultural outlook that leans to the left . Collectively , they have far more weight than Fox , talk radio and The Wall Street Journal editorial page . Right-wing pundits make a convenient foil , but at times Obama seems to magnify their importance . After all , he 's got the biggest bully pulpit of all .	Al Gore says right-wing media help account for resistance to Democrats ' policies President Barack Obama said media coverage could determine future of bipartisanship Howard Kurtz : Fox News , Rush Limbaugh have influence , but White House has bigger voice He says conservative media gained support because of belief established media leaned left
New York  CNN  -- The 25-year-old man who jumped from a monorail car into the Bronx Zoo 's tiger den was not drunk or insane , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  Apparently he has some fascination with tigers , " Kelly told CNN affiliate WABC . "  He visited the zoo in the last month , month and a half , and focused on that area . " Kelly added there was no evidence Villalobos is mentally ill or was intoxicated . "  I do n't think it was malicious , " Kelly added . "  There was no indication he was drinking , but that he just ... momentarily lost any semblance of common sense . " David Villalobos , who is hospitalized in stable condition , told police "  his leap was definitely not a suicide attempt , but a desire to be one with the tiger , " according to Paul Browne , chief spokesman for the NYPD . Villalobos was riding on the zoo 's Wild Asia monorail around 3 p.m. Friday when he jumped out of the rail car , "  clearing the exhibit 's perimeter fence " and landing in the den , according to Bronx Zoo Director Jim Breheny . Villalobos suffered a broken right shoulder , broken rib , collapsed lung , broken ankle , broken pelvis and puncture wounds , according to police spokesman Brian Sessa . Villalobos later claimed to have pet one of the tigers before it backed off , Sessa added . The commissioner said most of Villalobos 's injuries appear to be the result of the 17-foot fall from the monorail . Man in critical condition after jumping into Bronx Zoo 's tiger pit Police said Villalobos was charged with misdemeanor trespassing and will be arraigned after he leaves the hospital . He will not have a court appearance until January , according to the office of the Bronx district attorney . Zoo officials said rescuers used a fire extinguisher to separate the man and the animal . Heeding instructions , Villalobos rolled "  under a hot wire to safety , " and the tiger backed off , Breheny said . The zoo uses so-called hot wires -- or electrically charged cables -- as training tools to keep animals away from such areas as plant beds . If the animal comes into contact with the wire , it feels a small electric shock . Villalobos ' decision to follow instructions and roll under the wire "  probably saved his life , " Breheny told reporters Friday . He was "  conscious and talking " as he was taken by ambulance to Jacobi Medical Center in Bronx , New York . "  I think it 's safe to say that if the tiger really wanted to do harm to this individual he certainly had the time to do it , " Breheny said . "  This is just an extraordinary occurrence that happened because ... somebody was deliberately trying to endanger themselves . " The exhibit is called Tiger Mountain and houses Siberian tigers as well as Malayan tigers , according to the Bronx Zoo 's website . The Bronx Zoo is the city 's flagship park run by the Wildlife Conservation Society . Tigers ' den jumper wanted ` to be one ' with beast , police say CNN 's Brittany Brady and Susan Candiotti contributed to this story .	Police commissioner says man "  lost any semblance of common sense " David Villalobos faces trespassing charges He remains hospitalized in stable condition The man jumped from a monorail car into the tiger exhibit Friday
CNN  -- A New Zealand gas station owner turned international fugitive has been sentenced to four years and seven months in prison after stealing millions of dollars accidentally deposited into his bank account . Hui "  Leo " Gao , dubbed the "  accidental millionaire , " sparked a global manhunt after fleeing New Zealand with his girlfriend Kara Hurring in April 2009 . Hurring was sentenced to nine months ' home detention for her part in the heist , according to CNN affiliate TV NZ . The 33-year-old was also ordered to pay back $ 9,615  NZ$ 11,830  at the rate of $ 60  NZ$ 75  a week , the broadcaster said . Gao 's journey from the forecourt to fugitive began in April 2009 when Australian bank Westpac accidentally gave him access to $ 7 million  NZ$ 10 million  . Gao had applied for overdraft financing for the gas station he co-owned with his mother in Rotorua , New Zealand , court documents said . The bank approved his application with a $ 100,000 limit , however while inputting the figure a bank employee made a clerical error and gave him access to 100 times the intended amount . Gao discovered the error the next day and told his girlfriend , Kara Hurring that he was "  f $ " ing rich " and had millions of dollars , court documents said . In less than one month , the couple withdrew $ 6.8 M from Gao 's bank account and transferred it to accounts in Hong Kong and China . In late April 2009 , Gao fled to Hong Kong where he was joined a few days later by Hurring . Before leaving New Zealand , the couple had been living together in Rotorua with Hurring 's six-year-old daughter , court documents showed . In early May , the bank became aware of the error and alerted authorities who issued an Interpol alert for the missing couple . Hurring spent almost two years on the run before returning to New Zealand in February 2011 to renew her daughter 's passport , TV NZ reported . In May , she was found guilty of 28 counts of theft and two counts of money laundering , according to court records . Gao was arrested in Hong Kong in September 2011 and extradited to New Zealand two months later . In June , he pleaded guilty to seven charges of theft . Westpac , the Australian bank , recovered about $ 2.9 M from the couple 's New Zealand accounts , but has yet to recoup the remaining $ 3.8 M. Crown Prosecutor Fletcher Pilditch told the court the bank was continuing to dedicate considerable resource to recovering the stolen money , TV NZ said .	New Zealand 's ` accidental millionaire ' jailed for bank account theft Hui "  Leo " Gao sentenced to four years , seven months after global manhunt Gao 's girlfriend Kara Hurring sentenced to nine months ' home detention Couple fled NZ after bank error gave Gao access to NZ$ 10 million
CNN  -- It 's "  Mandatory " : "  Weird Al " Yankovic is Number One . The long-haired comic musician 's new album , "  Mandatory Fun , " debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart of best-selling albums with 104,000 in sales , according to Nielsen SoundScan . It 's Yankovic 's first No. 1 of his more than 30-year career . It 's the first No. 1 comedy album on Billboard 's charts since Allan Sherman 's "  My Son , the Nut " in 1963 -- the album that contained Sherman 's biggest hit , "  Hello Muddah , Hello Fadduh . " Yankovic 's album sales were no doubt boosted by the videos he released for each song on the record , a number of which have gone viral . YouTube has set aside a whole row for Yankovic videos on its "  Popular on YouTube " page , including "  Word Crimes " -- a parody of "  Blurred Lines " that 's received more than 10 million views -- and "  Foil , " a parody of "  Royals " that 's topped 12 million views . The king of musical parody also has made an excellent showing on Spotify 's "  Viral 50 " chart of most-streamed songs . He currently holds the top four slots with "  NOW That 's What I Call Polka , " "  Handy , " "  Word Crimes " and "  Foil . " Yankovic has been taking something of a victory lap to promote "  Mandatory Fun " and celebrate his career in the music business , which includes three Grammys , four gold records and more than 12 million in sales . He 's been profiled on a number of news outlets , including CNN . But he 's not retiring . With Internet streaming now in ascendancy , he 's thinking of what 's next . "  It does allow me to try things I would n't have tried before , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  Now , it 's basically , ` What do I like ? What do the fans like ? ' " Weird Al 's best song ever ?	"  Weird Al " Yankovic 's new album debuts at No. 1 It 's first comedy album to hit top spot since Allan Sherman 's "  My Son , the Nut " Songs have made hugely popular videos , also dominate streaming
Life is n't easy in Kibera , one of Africa 's largest slums . About one million people live in this sprawling settlement in Nairobi , Kenya 's capital , with limited access to electricity , running water and other basic infrastructure services . Getting by here demands a rugged resilience from Kibera 's inhabitants -- a willingness to help their neighbors , and group together in times of need . But the everyday challenges of life here have n't been a barrier to local people expressing themselves . The slum is also home to the Kibera Film School , which gives local creative talent the opportunity to tell stories about their world to a broader audience . To understand their stories , you first have to understand the conditions they live in . Ronald Omondi , a Kibera resident and film-maker who captures the street life of these poor neighborhoods in his movies , has offered me a tour of the settlement to give an insight into some of the challenges faced here . Kibera began more than a century ago as an informal settlement in the forests outside Nairobi , where the British colonial authorities gave allocations of land to Sudanese Nubian soldiers returning from service with the King 's African Rifles . From these small , forested plots , a vast settlement has sprung in an haphazard , unplanned way , leaving residents without access to fresh running water in their homes . "  The pipes that supply clean water to the slums are broken , " says Omondi . Instead , the locals have rigged pipes to the city water supply . They collect water rations in containers wherever they can find it : From overflowing dams during the rainy season , as well as burst pipes . "  When pipes burst like this , some get  it  free and some are paying for it , " says Omondi . Read also : Urban rebirth : Johannesburg shakes off crime-ridden past A similar approach is taken to bring electricity into homes , with residents rigging up their own unofficial connections to city power lines to power their homes . Because the inhabitants of Kibera are among Nairobi 's poorest , the goods in its markets are sold at very low price points . Cigarettes are sold singly , and most of the clothes for sale are second-hand : A pair of used jeans can be bought for about $ 2 . Homes are built of a mixture of concrete , mud and wood , often by the labor of locals pitching in to help each other . There are no toilets inside . "  People come together because they like helping each other , " says Omondi . "  Some decide to build a house because  there 's  no employment around . " Some of those underemployed residents are finding an outlet through the Kibera Film School . The school was founded by American film-maker Nathan Collett , who came to Nairobi in 2006 to research African storytelling . In collaboration with locals , he made a short film , "  Kibera Kid , " which went on to win a number of international awards . He subsequently launched a non-profit to start the Kibera Film School in 2009 , with the aim of providing local people a chance to tell their stories through film , and gain the skills to work in the local film and television industries . Read also : Messi leads African literacy bid Omondi once made a living selling CDs while he studied electrical installation at a local technical institute , before he heard about the opportunity to train at the school . "  I realized I have a lot of talent in camera work and filming , and that 's when I applied , " he said . Having discovered his passion for film-making , Omondi has made a number of projects -- documentaries about schools , commercials , and a feature film on the gangster scene . And today , he has returned to the school to teach photography . "  I feel like I want to use this talent to give back to the community , " he says . Many other graduates have gone on to successful careers in the industry . "  They found the right way , and the right channel to follow , " he said . "  Most of them are working in big companies with  in the  film production industries . " He said the school was "  transforming lives of people living in slums ... How they think and want their thoughts to be seen visually . " As for him ? "  I think it 's changing my life , " he said . "  I see big changes . "	Kibera , in Nairobi , Kenya is one of Africa 's biggest urban slums A million people live there with limited access to water , electricity and other services But the settlement is also home to a film school , giving locals the chance to express themselves Many go on to careers in the local film and television industry
CNN  -- Ancient Egyptians buried their dead with it . In 1848 , Americans flocked to California to find it . If you 're over 40 , your dentist may have filled your mouth with it . And Germany wants their 674 tons of it back from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . Yes , we 're talking gold . Atomic number 79 in the Periodic Table of the Elements , lustrous metal used for jewelry , valuable substance for electronic circuitry . Where does it come from ? New results from studies of a gamma-ray burst -- an extremely energetic , fast explosion , typically from the distant universe -- suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars , which are kind of like two giant atomic nuclei . CNN : All the world 's gold came from collisions of dead stars Let 's pause for a chemistry refresher . An atom is made of a tightly bound nucleus of protons  positively charged  and neutrons  uncharged  , orbited by electrons  negatively charged  -- a bit like planets orbiting the Sun , except instead of gravity , the electromagnetic force keeps the electrons orbiting the nucleus .  Also the laws of quantum mechanics are important -- but that 's another story . The identity of an atom is determined primarily by the number of protons it has . Gold has 79 protons , hence , its atomic number . That 's one more than platinum , two more than iridium , three less than lead . Scientists think most of the elements lighter than iron  atomic number 26  were forged in the dense cores of stars much heavier than our Sun . At the end of their lifetimes , these stars explode violently in a supernova , dispersing the newly created elements across interstellar space . In fact , most of the elements that make up your body and everything around you -- other than hydrogen and helium , the two lightest elements -- were made by nuclear fusion inside a star somewhere , long before the Earth formed . Physicists and astronomers figured this out in the last century . However , the heavier elements , including precious metals like gold , silver and platinum , or cell phone ingredients like copper , palladium , zinc , beryllium , and , yes , gold , were not made this way . Instead , these elements were forged in stellar explosions , as extra neutrons and protons were propelled into atomic nuclei . Like modern-day alchemists , nuclear physicists can in principle turn lead into gold using particle accelerators and nuclear reactors  although it 's easier to turn mercury into gold  . But do n't get your hopes up . Producing a small amount of gold costs enormously more than it 's worth so this is n't any way to get rich . Obviously , nature makes gold , or miners would n't find it in rocks and streams . But nature does n't manufacture it easily . Indeed , a supernova is more likely to turn gold into lead than the other way around . So now Edo Berger of Harvard University thinks he might know where all this gold came from . Scientists have suspected for a decade that some powerful gamma-ray bursts could result from the collisions of two neutron stars . Because neutron stars are incredibly dense collections of neutrons -- basically , like a bizarre , gigantic , atomic nucleus -- smashing them together is bound to create atoms containing many neutrons and protons , including good old gold . Berger thinks the faint infrared light seen by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope from a gamma-ray burst detected last month by NASA 's Swift gamma-ray space telescope might come from radioactive decay of heavy elements created in the collision . During the collisions , neutrons captured by lighter nuclei should create such radioactive elements , which can then decay into other elements , producing the infrared light he saw . In addition to lead , thorium , and uranium , one of the  minor  by-products should be gold . Could this be where your jewelry came from , the violent collision of two exotic neutron stars ? "  To paraphrase Carl Sagan , " says Berger , "  We are all star stuff , and our jewelry is colliding-star stuff . " So next time you put on that necklace , admire a gilded painting , or talk on your cell phone , pause to remember that it came from rare collisions of neutron stars in deep space . And figure that the next gamma-ray burst we discover might just have made as much gold as there is on Earth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	New studies suggest gold could be created in the collision of two neutron stars Meg Urry : Most elements were made by nuclear fusion inside a star , but not precious metals She says the next time you wear gold , remember that it came from deep in space
CNN  -- Yohan Blake stunned Usain Bolt over 100m in the Jamaica Olympic trials to signal his intent ahead of the London Games where they will battle again for gold medal glory . The 2011 world champion was never headed as he set the best time of the year of 9.75 seconds at the National Stadium in Kingston Friday night . Bolt made an appalling start and had to charge through the field to claim second place , 0.11 seconds behind , with Asafa Powell in third place . Only the top three in the Jamaica trials are selected for the individual events at the Olympics , so there was not room for error by any of the star sprinters . Bolt was disqualified for a false start in the 100m in the world championships in Daegu last year , leaving the way clear for the 22-year-old Blake . It may have been playing on his mind as he got left off the blocks and could not make up the deficit on Blake , who shares the same coach in Glen Mills . Why do all the top sprinters come from Jamaica ? "  He 's a class runner without a doubt and I have said it over the years that he is one of the best . So for me it 's just one of those things , " Bolt told AFP . The pair were back in action Saturday , winning their qualifying heats in the 200m ahead of Sunday 's final over the longer sprint . In the women 's 100m there was more stunning action as defending Olympic champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce clocked a world leading 10.70 seconds to edge out Veronica Campbell-Brown  10.82  and Kerron Stewart  10.94  . "  This is the first hurdle and I crossed it and I am just looking forward to the Olympics , " Fraser-Pryce said . Jamaican sprinters are expected to dominate their events and the relays at the London Olympics which start in a month 's time . Bolt won three gold medals in Beijing in 2008 , claiming the 100-200 double and anchoring Jamaica to victory in the 4x100m sprint relay . Human to Hero : Champion Blake bids to steal buddy Bolt 's spring swag	Yohan Blake powers to victory in 9.75 secs at Jamaica Olympic trials 2011 world champion relegates Usain Bolt to second place Asafa Powell claims third individual spot in London Games in the 100m Bolt and Blake to clash again over 200m at the trials
CNN  -- Before the tabloid headlines , before the media crush , before Casey Anthony and her daughter Caylee became instantly recognizable , there were only two phone calls . "  I have a possible missing child , " Cindy Anthony said in the first of two 911 calls made July 15 , 2008 . The little girl -- her granddaughter , Caylee -- "  has been missing for a month , " she said . In another call , she added an ominous statement : "  There 's something wrong , " she said . "  I found my daughter 's car today and it smells like there 's been a dead body in the damn car . " Caylee was 2 when she was last seen June 16 , 2008 . It was n't until six months later the little girl 's skeletal remains were found in woods about a quarter of a mile from the home of her grandparents . The girl 's mother and Cindy Anthony 's daughter , Casey Anthony , had also lived there , moving out around the time the child was last seen . On Tuesday , Casey Anthony , now 25 , will stand trial , accused of a crime unthinkable to many : Killing her daughter . Besides capital murder , she faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and providing false information to authorities . If she is convicted by jurors -- seven women , five men and five alternates -- she could face the death penalty . Anthony has pleaded not guilty , and denies harming her daughter or having anything to do with her disappearance . One of her defense attorneys , Jose Baez , has said that once all the facts are known , it will become clear his client is innocent . The case has generated intense media attention , prompting the court to move jury selection to Clearwater , Florida , in Pinellas County , because of concern about getting an impartial jury in Orlando , in Orange County . Jurors were being transported Monday to Orlando in preparation for opening statements Tuesday . Both the prosecution and the defense face hurdles , said "  In Session " correspondent Jean Casarez , who has followed the case from the beginning . The cause of Caylee 's death was homicide by undetermined means , meaning there is no cause of death , she said . "  One of the elements in the statute for murder is that the defendant caused the death , " Casarez said . "  This is a circumstantial case , so prosecutors will build their building blocks toward that answer , but they do n't have a definitive cause of death , and that can be a problem . I have seen cases where there are acquittals because the prosecution does not have a cause of death . " The fact that the remains were skeletal also prevented authorities from getting definitive answers on toxicology , as well as evidence that Caylee was abused -- something her mother is charged with doing . "  How do you prove that when you just have skeletal remains ? " Casarez said . Duct tape was still stuck to the lower facial region of the child 's body , authorities have said . "  Caylee 's  killer prepared some substance in advance that would render her physically unable to resist , " prosecutor Jeff Ashton said at a December 2009 hearing , "  administered the substance , awaited its effect and then methodically applied three pieces of duct tape to completely cut off the flow of air through her mouth or her nose and let nature take its course . " Authorities have said that the amount of decomposition would seem to indicate Caylee died shortly after she went missing . Anthony initially told police that she had last seen her daughter in the custody of a babysitter named Zenaida Gonzalez . Investigators never tracked down the babysitter ; later , a woman named Zenaida Gonzalez filed a defamation suit against Anthony , saying she had never met her and lost her job over the claims . Anthony countersued , accusing Gonzalez of attempting to cash in on the high-profile case . Prosecutors allege that after killing her daughter , Anthony stashed her body in the trunk of her Pontiac Sunfire before disposing of it . A cadaver dog has alerted to the scent of human decomposition in the trunk , and testing showed the presence of chloroform . Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. ruled last month jurors can hear the chloroform testimony . In addition , investigators have said they found Internet searches of websites mentioning chloroform on Anthony 's computer . Anthony 's high-powered defense team , fighting to save her life , will likely try to cast doubt on prosecutors ' scientific evidence . At pretrial hearings , they have argued that evidence regarding a potential odor of decomposition in the trunk , chloroform and other evidence is not reliable enough for jurors to consider . Perry has also ruled jurors can hear testimony about a stain in the trunk , as well as the decompositional odor . In March , Baez contended that having jurors look at the stain might have a "  prejudicial effect , " alleging it could have been caused by a wet bag of garbage or gasoline cans . The stain was negative for DNA , as well as for the presence of blood or other bodily fluids , he said . "  There is absolutely no proof whatsoever that this is a biological stain , " Baez said . Perhaps the biggest hurdle for the defense is the fact that Caylee had been missing for 31 days before authorities were aware of it , and her mother failed to report it , Casarez said . In addition , some have alleged that Anthony did n't behave like the worried mother of a missing child during the search for Caylee . She went to nightclubs and sent hundreds of text messages to friends , according to cell phone and text transcripts and investigative reports released by police . Those records show she rarely mentioned her missing daughter . "  She does n't report her child missing but she actively parties , " Casarez said . Perry has allowed pictures of Anthony taken at nightclubs , both before and after Caylee went missing , to be presented at trial . Why before ? "  Probably  for prosecutors  to show that this was her lifestyle before and after her child was missing , and it 's not a reaction to not knowing how to deal with Caylee suddenly out of her life , " said Casarez . Another potential defense hurdle : During the time Caylee was missing , Anthony also got a tattoo on her shoulder reading "  Bella Vita " -- Italian for "  beautiful life , " Casarez said . The car also poses a huge obstacle for the defense , with evidence of chloroform found inside along with hair that potentially showed signs of decomposition , she said . The defense has also objected to the jurors chosen . Baez told Perry as the jurors were seated Friday that "  we do not accept the panel as seated . " The defense wanted more than the 10 peremptory challenges it was allowed . The challenges let attorneys on both sides reject jurors without having to provide a reason . Perry overruled his objections . Early in the jury selection process , defense attorneys hinted that mitigating circumstances including "  a history of sexual abuse " may have explained Anthony 's behavior in the days after her daughter disappeared and her failure to alert authorities sooner . Anthony herself told police she had been trying to find her daughter on her own . Defense attorney Ann Finnell raised a host of potential mitigating circumstances to gauge what would-be jurors might consider if they had to decide whether to sentence Anthony to death . Those circumstances included a "  lack of maturity , " "  lack of impulse control " and "  a history of sexual abuse . " Anthony alleged her father and brother sexually abused her in a letter from jail last year . In an interview with NBC News afterward , her father , George Anthony , denied the claims and criticized Baez 's judgment in questioning him about the allegations . Finnell asked potential members of the jury pool whether the assertion her client came from a "  dysfunctional family " might factor into their penalty decision . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Opening statements are set for Tuesday Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee If convicted , she could face the death penalty A jury was seated Friday in another Florida county
CNN  -- Standing in the shadow of the Burj Dubai Kye Ho Kim of Samsung Construction rattles off the list of records the building will break . Standing about a half mile high , it will be the world 's tallest building , with the most floors  164  and the world 's highest and fastest building . "  This building is going to break so many records , " said Kim , whose company is building the $ 4 billion tower , scheduled to open later this year . "  This is kind of a project like the first exploration of the moon . Nobody can challenge it . " It may not rank with manned missions to the moon , but right now there is nothing else like the Burj Dubai on Earth . As the project is metaphoric for the strength of Samsung Construction , the company itself symbolizes the growth of South Korea onto the world stage . A country once devastated by war and still divided by north and south has rebuilt itself into a modern capitalist democracy with companies with a global reach such as Samsung Samsung has cornered the market in giant building construction , building the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur and Taipei 101 in Taiwan -- both previous world-record holders . "  Think about the Americans when they constructed the Empire State Building in 1931 , " Kim said . "  So have we ... in a very short period of time we are now the leading company in the world . " Some of Korea 's more impressive building projects are happening at home . In the midst of the recession , construction of Songdo -- a 1,500-acre new free trade zone built on reclaimed land two hours out of Seoul -- continues apace , with a projected cost of $ 35 billion . Developers hope it will be the eventual home of 75,000 people . It 's considered one of the world 's largest private real estate development ventures in history , a joint project with South Korea 's Posco and Gale International , a U.S. real estate developer . "  Under construction today is about $ 10 billion " of the project , said Chris Sausser , executive vice president of Gale International . "  The project we 're building has been able to attract multinational companies , investors as well as residents . " Postwar South Korea was based on a "  growth at any cost " model , but the South Korean government has pledged 2 percent of its GDP for the next five years dedicated to green development . The country , already the world 's most wired , plans to develop next-generation Internet connections that use less computing power . Indoor lighting initiatives are replacing traditional bulbs with lower energy LED lights . "  Green growth is not a plan B , it is plan A , " said Kim Sang Hyup , executive director of the Green Growth Committee . "  We are going to contribute to the global community by action , not talk . " CNN 's Stan Grant , Kristie LuStout and Kyung Lah contributed to this report	South Korea companies such as Samsung have become global brands The world 's largest private real estate development is in South Korea The government 's new development plans focus on environmental technology
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Several hundred union and other progressive activists sought to capitalize on the growing "  Occupy Wall Street " protests Wednesday , holding a rally on Capitol Hill to demand new public spending on job creation and an end to federal budget cuts . The rally , led by former White House clean energy adviser Van Jones , highlighted growing liberal frustration with a public policy agenda increasingly dominated by deficit reduction efforts as opposed to more traditional economic stimulus measures . A number of progressive Democrats are hoping to use the growing protests on Wall Street and elsewhere to energize the party 's base in advance of the 2012 elections . They are also hoping to build new momentum for President Barack Obama 's stalled $ 447 billion jobs bill . Jobs bill sparks tense Senate exchange "  The progressive movement is on the upswing , " declared Rep. Keith Ellison , D-Minnesota . "  We are not going to stop . We are going to get the justice we deserve . " The boisterous crowd responded with a series of chants , including "  What 's disgusting ? Union busting ! " and "  Hey hey , ho ho , Speaker Boehner 's got to go . " Linda Evans , an unemployed home health care provider from Washington , pleaded for Congress to do more to reduce unemployment . "  I come from a proud family . I 'm a proud woman , " she said . "  I want to make a difference . ... Give us a chance . Fight for us . We 're the ones who put you in office . " Mahlon Mitchell , head of the Professional Firefighters of Wisconsin , complained that "  we see Wall Street flourishing right now " while other Americans continue to struggle with the economic downturn . "  They got us into this mess . I say it 's their job to get us out of this mess . ... It 's time for us to stand up , " he said . The "  real problem , " he asserted , is the "  deregulation of banking " and Wall Street . Overheard : Banks not getting the message Mitchell mocked GOP attempts to call the wealthiest Americans "  job creators " who would be forced to lay off more workers if their taxes are increased . In the past , he said , "  we called  these people  robber barons . " "  We did n't start this fight , " Mitchell declared . "  But it 's the fight they want  and  it 's the fight they 're going to get . " Rep. Raul Grijalva , D-Arizona , insisted liberal leaders are not trying to create a counterweight to the conservative economic populism of the tea party . "  This is not an answer to the tea party , " he asserted . "  This is not about hate . This is not about fear . This is not about division . " It 's an effort to "  restore democracy to this nation . " "  We are going to fundamentally change the political culture of this nation , " he said . CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Paul Courson contributed to this report	Union leaders and others hold a Capitol Hill rally against budget cuts Liberal political activists are trying to capitalize on the "  Occupy Wall Street " movement One congressional Democrat insists they are not trying to create a liberal tea party
CNN  -- North Korea resumed firing near its sea border with South Korea on Thursday , South Korean media said , citing Seoul officials . Artillery shells were fired toward South Korean-controlled Yeonpyeong Island , Yonhap News Agency quoted the officials as saying , adding that the shells fell in waters north of the Northern Limit Line  NLL  , the de facto inter-Korean maritime border . The North fired artillery shells on Wednesday in the same area , saying they were part of an annual training drill . "  We have confirmed North Korea 's firing of several artillery shells , but they did not cross " the two countries ' maritime border , said Park Sung-woo , of Seoul 's joint chiefs of staff , according to Yonhap . "  We are on high military alert . " "  Following the firing by North Korea , South Korea responded by shooting vulcan canons into the air , a statement that it would not be intimidated by saber-rattling by the communist neighbor , " Yonhap said . There were no reports of casualties . Also Thursday , a South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman said that despite the tension , talks slated for Monday with North Korea would still go forward in the North Korean border town of Kaesong , Yonhap reported . Seventeen South Korean officials are expected to attend those talks , Yonhap cited Chun Hae-sung , the official , as saying .	NEW : Talks still on for Monday in North Korean border town , South Korean official says North says firing of artillery shells is part of an annual training drill Inter-Korean talks still set for Monday , Yonhap cites S. Korean official as saying
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The death of a 12-year-old student in Brooklyn from the staph infection MRSA has prompted fear among parents and students throughout the New York City school system , forcing officials to respond . Omar Rivera , 12 , a New York seventh-grader , died of drug-resistant staph on October 14 . Omar Rivera , a seventh-grader at Intermediate School 211 , died October 14 from the infection , according to the New York City school superintendent , but investigators were unable to confirm where he contracted the infection . MRSA is short for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , and is responsible for more deaths in the United States each year than AIDS , according to new data . "  There 's often no way to know how an individual person got the infection , " said New York City Health Commissioner Tom Frieden . "  An infection in a child like this is extremely rare . Fatal infections in children is in the order of 1 in a million . It 's a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the family . " The Office of School Health sent letters to parents Thursday , notifying them of Rivera 's death . Despite assurances from health officials that Rivera 's death was an isolated incident , several parents decided to keep their children out of IS 211 , which opened at its normal time Friday after the disclosure of Rivera 's death Thursday , as it has every day since the death . Watch more on the student 's death " The Heath Department said in its statement , "  We have no reason to believe that other children or school employees are at increased risk of staph infection . " But department officials advised in a press conference Friday that people should limit skin-to-skin contact , wash their hands regularly and not share items such as towels and razors . Nearly nine out of every 10 resistant staph infections are hospital or health-care related , Frieden said . "  Hospitals are taking it seriously and need to continue to improve the way they prevent and treat staph infections , " he said . According to the CDC , 25 to 30 percent of the population carry the staph bacteria -- one of the most common causes of infection . While such infections are typically minor , invasive MRSA infections , because they are caused by drug-resistant staph , can become fatal . Dr. Julie Gerberding , the director of the CDC , says these infections are not new . "  It 's important to appreciate that many of these infections are the same infections moms have been dealing with for decades . They 're very preventable , " she says . "  If you see a skin infection that looks like the redness is getting bigger or if it 's associated with a lot of swelling around the wound or if the individual has a fever , those are reasons to definitely seek doctor 's attention . But most of the time these are things that can be treated with the same kind of common sense approach that is we 've been using for years . " Pat Mshar , an epidemiologist for Connecticut 's Department of Health , emphasized that the highest rate of MRSA deaths -- 58 percent -- is found in hospitals . "  The healthy person in the community -- like the high school student -- generally is going to be able to be treated adequately without adverse outcome , " she said . So long as an infected student seeks treatment , covers open cuts or lesions and avoids direct skin contact with other students , "  it 's OK to go to school . " She noted that recent reports of MRSA numbers and the student deaths has heightened concern . "  Parents are more aware of MRSA now than they ever were before , " she said . For more information , see MayoClinic.com 's Q&A on MRSA , Centers for Disease Control 's Invasive MRSA Fact Sheet , its advice on MRSA in schools and the Journal of the American Medical Association 's Patient Page on MRSA . . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Brooklyn student 's death from drug-resistant staph infection confirmed NEW : School officials unable to confirm where student contracted infection No reason to think other students or teachers are at risk , department says 25 to 30 percent of the population carry the staph bacteria , according to CDC
CNN  -- Every catastrophe has its unsung heroes . In BP 's oil spill disaster , one such hero is not a person but a river : the Mississippi River . But the river 's strength is flagging , and unless our leaders change what the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is doing , things could get a lot worse for our coastal marshes . Many people know that the Mississippi River flows through the Crescent City , New Orleans , Louisiana ; but fewer are aware that this is only one of two paths it takes to the Gulf . The Mississippi divides to create its delta upstream of Baton Rouge at a place called Old River . The Atchafalaya River is the western channel . In 1963 , the Corps built a dam with sluice gates at Old River between the Mississippi and Atchafalaya to keep the shorter Atchafalaya route from "  capturing " the whole river . Later , they built more structures to gain better control . Today , every drop of water that goes down either the Mississippi or the Atchafalaya marches to the orders of the U.S. Army , which traditionally seeks to maintain a constant 70-to-30 percent split -- with the larger amount going to the main-stem Mississippi -- between the two river branches , by adjusting the gates at Old River on a daily basis . The Corps has the opportunity to sustain discharge on the main stem of the river by altering that rigid 70-30 ratio to , say , send 80 percent past New Orleans . If ever there were a time to switch off "  autopilot " and utilize the power of one of our country 's most powerful natural forces , it is now . All through May , the river 's discharge past New Orleans increased as spring rains and melting snow from the center of the continent found their way into the river , rising to almost 1 million cubic feet per second . Like most coastal scientists familiar with the Mississippi River delta , I am convinced that this high spring discharge played an important role in keeping oil from penetrating deep into our marshes during the first full month of the spill . Discharge from the famous "  bird-foot " river mouth has helped keep the oil offshore and to the east . Similarly , outflows from both banks of the channel through the gates of the Davis Pond and Caernarvon diversions and other engineered openings have helped to keep oil out of adjacent marshes and in the open bays where it could be collected . Louisiana 's Gov. Bobby Jindal and his advisers showed good leadership in opening those diversions up to full bore as soon as the spill occurred , and that strategy appears to have paid off . But since the beginning of June , the flow past New Orleans has dropped by a third due to seasonal changes in climate . Now , it is likely we could see more extensive oiling of our coastal wetlands . With less water coming out of the river , more of the oil arriving on high tides will get deeper into the marshes , where most cleanup techniques do more harm than good . Can we keep river levels high for a little while longer , buying time for crews to attack the oil in open gulf and bay waters ? Yes ! The Mississippi is falling fast , but the Atchafalaya , which sends water to the coast 150 miles west of the main oil impacts , remains well above normal , as it has been most of this year . By closing some gates leading to the Atchafalaya , the Corps could send more water past New Orleans , out to those areas where the oil most threatens the marshes . These are the nursery grounds for most of the commercial fish and shrimp caught in the Gulf , and home to a wonderful variety of resident and migratory birds with declining populations . We need to do everything we can to save the marshes , including beginning to manage the river as if the future of the coast depends on it . It does . The Corps should seek emergency authority from President Obama , and the concurrence of Louisiana 's Gov. Jindal , to quickly begin to operate the structures at Old River to address the drop in discharge on the main stem for at least the next two weeks . In the time of the endless oil disaster , all measures are temporary , whether "  top hats " or "  sand berms . " Some work ; most have n't . We have a limited opportunity to make a difference with the river , the most powerful tool in our kit . We do n't know whether it will be tomorrow 's high tide or one next week that brings in the next big dollop of oil , but increasing flow down the river past New Orleans sure makes sense right now . And as state and federal agencies begin to plan for long-term restoration of this precious ecosystem , I urge them to remember that we ca n't save the delta without the river . The Mississippi , the Atchafalaya , and yes , even the Old River structures have a role to play in restoring life and health to this region and all that it offers our nation and the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of G. Paul Kemp . For more information on the Audubon Society and how to help , click here .	High water levels in Mississippi River helped reduce spill 's impact on coast , says Paul Kemp To continue protection , flow should be increased by Army Corps of Engineers , he says River can be the biggest weapon we have to protect the marshes , Kemp says
Sydney , Australia  CNN  It was an unbecoming way for the Australian prime minister to begin the week . But when he emerged from a 30-minute meeting with his Liberal Party colleagues , called to discuss his possible removal as leader , Tony Abbott was still the Australian premier , if irretrievably damaged . When last week a member of Abbott 's party signaled his intention to move a motion to debate the leadership of the ruling party , shocks waves rippled through the body politic . Elected just 17 months ago promising "  adult government " after three years of backbiting , infighting and two leadership coups in the previous Labor Party government , unity was n't expected to be a problem Abbott would face . But disunity set in quickly after a series of bad decisions , policy flip flops , poor polling and as they say in Australia , a "  zinger " -- the knighting of Prince Philip , the Queen 's husband , on Australia 's national day . Abbott won Monday 's ballot , with 61 out of 102 of his colleagues voting down the motion to remove him , while 39 voted to vacate his position , along with that of his deputy , the Foreign Minister Julie Bishop . The principle of cabinet solidarity meant the prime minister went in to the meeting with nearly 40 votes secured . Despite a significant block of lawmakers opposing their leader , the Liberal Party 's whip , Phillip Ruddock , a former immigration minister , said there was no debate and that "  the result is clear . " The meeting originally scheduled for Tuesday was brought forward a day , to prevent the prime minister 's detractors caucusing in Canberra ahead of the first week of parliament this year . The move was a "  captain 's call " quipped his nemesis , the immensely popular Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull who was being urged to show his hand and pledge to stand for the top job in the event the motion to vacate the position was successful . In the end , Turnbull skated close to declaring his candidacy but stopped short . He would now have been obliged to resign from the Cabinet had he done so . He may well have won the vote , but the fact 39 out of 102 members of the party have declared a lack of confidence in their prime minister leaves Abbott very exposed . In recent Australian political history , no leader who has faced such a challenge , itself a vote of no confidence , has gone on to survive the wrath of colleagues . All have eventually been overthrown . But for now Abbott has at least spared himself the indignity of becoming the shortest serving first term prime minister ousted by his own party . While lawmakers remain angry by his failure to sell the government 's first budget , which has stalled in the country 's upper house , Abbott has been accused of not consulting his colleagues on big decisions , among them a botched paid maternity leave scheme , widely seen as favoring the wealthy , and the bizarre knighting of Prince Philip . He seemed to consolidate this view of him as a non-collegiate player by calling Monday 's vote a day earlier than anticipated and without apparent consultation , even with his deputy whose job would also have been vacated had the no-confidence vote succeeded . Australians have looked on at the shenanigans in their capital with a mixture of delight and dismay . Those who dislike the government were divided by a desire to see the end of Abbott 's government and the fear that replacing him with Turnbull would spell disaster for the Australian Labor Party 's chances at the next election . Others raised concerns about tossing out leaders when unpopular decisions are taken . News Corp political commentator Paul Kelly noted that the apparently new political culture of tossing out leaders who make unpopular decisions was damaging the ability of government to govern . "  The politicians will try to deny it -- but our system is moving inexorably into a ` death of reform ' straitjacket , " he wrote . The 2016 election is likely to be dominated by political advice to Liberal and Labor not to provoke the voters . This will put Australia on a long-run trajectory of decline and growing unhappiness . There is broad agreement that frequent leadership changes are not good for Australia . But that is no guarantee that Abbott can and will survive to battle the next election . Indeed , Monday 's vote suggests strongly he wo n't .	Prime Minister Tony Abbott survives a vote of no confidence in his own party by 61-39 He has accumulated critics over a stalled budget among other things Tony Abbott was elected as Prime Minister of Australia in September 2013
CNN Student News  -- Record the CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Notes from North Korea when it airs commercial-free on CNN .  A short feature begins at 4:00 a.m. and precedes the program . Program Overview CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour travels to North Korea as the New York Philharmonic Orchestra makes a historic visit to one of the world 's most closed societies . She examines the tense standoff with the U.S. over nuclear weapons and provides a rare look inside a notorious , top-secret nuclear facility . Grade Levels : 9 -- 12 , College Subject Areas : U.S. History , World History , Current Events , Political Science , Government Objectives The CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Notes from North Korea and its corresponding discussion questions and suggested activities challenge students to : Curriculum Connections Social Studies Standard VI . Power , Authority , and Governance : Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of how people create and change structures of power , authority , and governance . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://ncss.org/  . United States History Standard 27 . Understands how the Cold War and conflicts in Korea and Vietnam influenced domestic and international politics Level IV -LSB- Grade 9-12 -RSB- Benchmark 1 . Understands U.S. foreign policy from the Truman administration to the Johnson administration Standard 30 . Understands developments in foreign policy and domestic politics between the Nixon and Clinton presidencies Level IV -LSB- Grade 9-12 -RSB- Benchmark 5 . Understands the influence of U.S. foreign policy on international events from Nixon to Clinton Content Knowledge : A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education  Copyright 2000 McREL  is published online by Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning  McREL   http://www.mcrel.org/standards-benchmarks  , 2550 S. Parker Road , Suite 500 , Aurora , CO 80014 ; Telephone : 303/337 -0990 . World History Standard 44 . Understands the search for community , stability , and peace in an interdependent world Level IV -LSB- Grade 9-12 -RSB- Benchmark 11 . Understands common arguments of opposition groups in various countries around the world , common solutions they offer , and the position of these ideas with regard to Western economic and strategic interests Content Knowledge : A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education  Copyright 2000 McREL  is published online by Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning  McREL   http://www.mcrel.org/standards-benchmarks  , 2550 S. Parker Road , Suite 500 , Aurora , CO 80014 ; Telephone : 303/337 -0990 . Civics III . How Does The Government Established By The Constitution Embody The Purposes , Values , And Principles Of American Democracy ? 4 . Major responsibilities of the national government in domestic and foreign policy IV . What Is The Relationship Of The United States To Other Nations And To World Affairs ? 1 . Nation-states 2 . Interactions among nation-states 4 . The historical context of United States foreign policy 5 . Making and implementing United States foreign policy 6 . The ends and means of United States foreign policy 7 . Impact of the American concept of democracy and individual rights on the world The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Discussion Questions 1 . Who is the leader of North Korea ? According to the report , how do North Koreans regard this leader ? What aspects of his personality are revealed in the program ? 2 . According to the program , North Korea is a "  closed society . " What does this mean ? 3 . How does the report describe the history of U.S.-North Korea relations ? According to the report : What tensions currently exist between these two nations ? What humanitarian and political concerns exist in North Korea ? 4 . Why do you think that North Korea invited the New York Philharmonic to play , and decided to open the Yongbyon nuclear facility to the media at this point in time ? Why are these events historically and politically significant ? 5 . Who is Madeline Albright ? When and where did she meet with Kim Jong-Il ? How does she describe her visit with Kim Jong-Il ? Why does Albright say that she is not surprised that Kim Jong-Il chose the New York Philharmonic for this "  cultural overture " ? 6 . According to the report , why is the division of Korea an emotional issue for many Koreans ? Who are Kim Cho Wun and Ji Hae Nam ? To what countries did they defect , and why did they flee North Korea ? What risks and sacrifices do you think that they assumed when they chose to defect ? 7 . According to the report : Why did New York Philharmonic President Zarin Mehta accept North Korea 's invitation to play ? Why was this performance controversial ? What logistical hurdles did Mehta have to overcome to execute the trip ? 8 . What were some of the pieces of music that the New York Philharmonic played during its concert ? Which of these pieces , if any , do you think were politically significant ? Explain . If you were choosing the music for this performance , what pieces would you have selected , and why ? 9 . Following the concert , North Korea 's nuclear negotiator , Minister Kim Gye Gwan , was quoted as saying that the concert was "  a political breakthrough ; an act of courage by both nations . " What do you think that he means ? Do you agree with the minister ? Why or why not ? 10 . What is "  cultural diplomacy " ? How do you think that cultural diplomacy differs from other forms of diplomacy ? Give examples . According to U.S. Ambassador Christopher Hill and former U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry , why is "  people-to-people diplomacy " important to the future of U.S.-North Korea relations ? 11 . According to Amanpour , to what extent did the New York Philharmonic 's concert impact U.S-North Korea relations ? In your view , what actions , if any , might these two nations take to build upon the goodwill that was generated by the concert ? 12 . What did CNN 's Christiane Amanpour observe during her visit to the Yongbyon nuclear facility ? What impact , if any , do you think that this visit will have on U.S.-North Korea relations ? 13 . In your opinion , should the U.S. fulfill its commitment to remove North Korea from its list of states that sponsor terrorism ? State your rationale . 14 . Prior to viewing this program , what preconceived notions , if any , did you have about North Korea ? To what extent did Amanpour 's report challenge or reinforce these perceptions ? Explain . Suggested Activity Point out to students that towards the end of World War II , Korea was divided by the Soviet Union and the United States at the 38th parallel , and that by 1948 , North and South Korea had become independent nations . Generate a class discussion about students ' knowledge of North Korea . Next , refer students to online resources to learn more about North Korea . Use the following questions to guide their research : After students present their findings , ask : Do you think that peace talks between North and South Korea could benefit the two nations , as well as the international community ? Explain . Given the cultural diplomacy represented by the New York Philharmonic 's trip to Pyongyang , what do you think should be the next step in relations between the U.S. and North Korea ? Challenge each student to write a brief for a North Korean , South Korean or an American diplomat that outlines a strategy for addressing the existing tensions among these parties . Have students present their documents to the class . Keywords North Korea , Pyongyang , Kim Jong Il , secret state , New York Philharmonic Orchestra , Yongbyon nuclear facility , defect , diplomacy , negotiations , United Nations	Examine the history of U.S.-North Korea relations Learn about the New York Philharmonic 's historic concert in Pyongyang Examine North Korea 's standoff with the U.S. over nuclear weapons
CNN  -- What is jazz ? This is an impossible question , and one with many answers . Having spent more than a decade as a jazz artist , I 've garnered some insights . As a youngster growing up in New Orleans , surrounded by the city 's sounds and rhythms , I was influenced by a wide variety of music : brass bands , blues , ragtime , R&B , soul , rock 'n' roll , Dixieland and more . I played the percussion in my family 's band , switching to piano at age 11 . Since then , music has been a part of my everyday life . I 've had the good fortune to play with inspiring artists across many genres -- Wynton Marsalis , Prince , Busta Rhymes among them . What 's given me the foundation to be able to join such varied musicians is my jazz training . Jazz is subtle , emotional and accommodating . It is intellectual and sometimes even scientific . Most genres of music are not nearly as multidimensional , which in part is why the art form has such a small audience . In stark comparison to pop music , contemporary jazz seems too circuitous for most listeners to enjoy casually . The challenge for the contemporary jazz musician , as I see it , is making this subtle and complex art palatable to the greater public . Jazz is complex . Some of the greatest musical minds of all-time were jazz artists . They were able to master their instruments , redefine music theory and repeatedly innovate the already formidable body of work present before them . Many of them did so while navigating through the tumultuous social climate from which the music was birthed . John Blake : Dave Brubeck , ambassador to a new America As a performer , part of my job is to take the audience on a musical journey to somewhere they 've never been . The Stay Human movement I 've started is about experiencing music -- not about it being on a stage and untouchable , but something that you viscerally experience on the subways and streets . Stay Human has grown to be more than a band , and has become a local movement that is expanding and shifting the way people experience jazz . We 're trying to harness all of the musical elements that I grew up absorbing in New Orleans , and couple them with contemporary mainstream sounds . I want people to feel and hear jazz as they never thought it could be played . In the midst of the "  plug in/tune out " nature of modern day society , we believe that the human interaction of a live musical performance can uplift humanity . Stay Human can happen anywhere . Not only in a music hall or official venue , but on streets and subways or among unsuspecting  and often pleased  patrons at a restaurant . We refer to these moments as a #loveriot and anyone can join . Keeping the Jazz Fest alive At the core of the experience is the band , a group of my friends who are all world-class , Juilliard-trained musicians in their 20s . The music is central to the experience , but it is n't just about the music . Ultimately , it 's about people from all walks of life coming together to share an authentic and transformative moment through the power of music . Maya Angelou once said , "  I 've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . " Jazz is a tradition . The way jazz musicians walk , talk and greet each other , and the way they play is very distinct . To be a jazz artist is to be a part of a lineage . To play jazz is to contribute to world history . To be a part of this tradition means that you are challenged to transform other people with the sound of your instrument . You are challenged to swing . You are challenged to contribute to the body of work established by some of the greatest artistic minds of all time , work that includes these treasures :  A performance of "  Fine and Mellow " by Billie Holiday , Lester Young and others from a CBS television broadcast in New York on December 8 , 1957 . It is generally considered one of the greatest moments for jazz ever broadcast on live television .  "  It Do n't Mean A Thing " by Duke Ellington features catchy vocals , hard swing , jazz violin and awesome horn section parts that epitomize what the jazz tradition is all about .  "  Every Time We Say Goodbye " Ray Charles and Betty Carter from their album together . Exquisite !  "  I 'm Just a Lucky So and So " from the album by Louis Armstrong and Duke Ellington . It is a supreme example of the blues with utmost sophistication and feeling . The way Duke accompanies Satchmo is masterful , and the personality of the two of them signifies what jazz is all about . Gene Seymour : Brubeck , jazz master with a big heart As an artist , it is exciting to explore the sound of your identity . Jazz music teaches you about who you are by exploring the humanity of others . It accommodates who you are . The inimitable genius Charlie Parker stated it best when he said , "  Music is your own experience , your own thoughts , your wisdom . If you do n't live it , it wo n't come out of your horn . They teach you there 's a boundary line to music . But , man , there 's no boundary line to art . " Jazz is an experience . Jazz is wonderful because it 's all about the moment , and I firmly believe in creating unforgettable experiences . With the Stay Human band , it 's never only about the stage . What we love is taking the music to the people in the streets -- jumping off stage into the audience , performing in moving vehicles , New York subways , streets and , yes , unsuspecting restaurants . For me , jazz is all about transformation in the moment . It is the most immediate form of musical expression in existence , and the language that we use to state our deepest , truest feelings . It is the American art form that is globally owned . What is jazz ? Jazz is now ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Batiste .	Jonathan Batiste : Jazz is the musical language used to state our deepest , truest feelings Batiste says it 's complex and traditional but also contemporary Performers aim to take listeners on a journey to someplace new and different , he says
CNN  -- The California man who kidnapped 16-year-old Hannah Anderson "  tortured and killed " her mother and brother before snatching her as she left cheerleading practice , according to formerly sealed warrants that were released Wednesday . Investigators did not detail in the warrants how the torture was carried out , but they did reveal new details about how authorities believe James Lee DiMaggio carried out the killings and abduction . "  DiMaggio tortured and killed his best friend 's wife and eight-year-old son . DiMaggio also shot and killed the family dog , " according to one of the affidavits . "  After the double homicide , DiMaggio set the house on fire . " The details were revealed the same day that a preliminary autopsy showed that DiMaggio was shot at least five times by an FBI tactical agent during a confrontation in the Idaho wilderness over the weekend . That confrontation ended a massive manhunt that began in San Diego County , California , after authorities found the bodies of Hannah 's mother and brother in his burned out home . How to help Hannah Anderson DiMaggio sustained at least five gunshot wounds to his upper torso , arms and head , Valley County , Idaho , Coroner Nathan Hess said . An exact cause of death will not be formally released until toxicology tests have been completed in six to eight weeks , he said . The first indication of a problem came the night of August 4 , when firefighters and sheriff 's deputies responded to a report of a fire at DiMaggio 's log cabin . Amber alert successes : More than 650 kids rescued As firefighters were trying to put out the blaze , they noticed flames in the home 's detached garage , according to search warrant and arrest warrant affidavits dated August 6 . A couple of firefighters quickly doused that fire while others focused on putting out the fire engulfing the cabin . Inside the garage , a fire captain discovered the body of Hannah 's mother , 44-year-old Christina Anderson , face down in the garage , covered with a tarp . The documents revealed that a crowbar and what appeared to be blood were found next to Anderson 's head . Suspect 's father once held teen at gunpoint Near the body , sheriff 's deputies found the body of a dog covered by a sleeping bag , according to the affidavits . What appeared to be blood was found near the dog 's head , the documents said . As firefighters and investigators were making their way through the burned out remains of the house , they found the badly burned remains of a small child , the affidavits said . Authorities issued a nationwide Amber Alert for Hannah and Ethan on August 5 , but the documents revealed that authorities suspected the remains were those of the boy . Key moments in manhunt Warrants also were sought by the San Diego County sheriff 's investigators to place "  tap and trace devices " on DiMaggio 's e-mail , Facebook and cell phone accounts as well as Hannah 's phone , e-mail and social media accounts . In the affidavits , authorities indicated that Hannah 's cell phone was turned off on the afternoon of August 4 , the same day and about the same time she was last seen as she was picked up from cheerleading practice at her high school . The affidavit does not identify who picked her up . Shortly before her phone was turned off , there were 13 calls that day between Hannah and DiMaggio , according to the warrants . Friend : Hannah Anderson discusses kidnapping on social media	Warrants reveal authorities found a crowbar near the body of Hannah Anderson 's mother Authorities suspected the remains of the small child were Hannah 's brother , papers say After killing Hannah 's mother and brother , DiMaggio set fire to his house , the affidavits say DiMaggio was shot at least five times , a coroner says
Rome  CNN  -- A former Vatican ambassador to the Dominican Republic has been found guilty of sexual abuse of minors by a Vatican tribunal and defrocked , the Vatican said in a statement Friday . Jozef Wesolowski was accused of sexual abuse of minors while serving in the Caribbean nation , the statement said . The Polish archbishop is believed to be one of the highest-ranking Vatican officials to be dismissed from the clergy for sexual abuse . Wesolowski has the right to appeal against the tribunal 's finding and sentence within two months . Once the canonical process has been concluded , he will then be tried by Vatican judicial authorities , according to the Vatican statement . A report by the U.N. Committee Against Torture in May cited Wesolowski 's case , noting that Poland had reportedly asked for the archbishop 's extradition . It urged the Holy See to "  proceed to a prompt and impartial investigation of Archbishop Wesolowski " and anyone else accused of violating the U.N. Convention Against Torture . If necessary , the Holy See "  should ensure such persons are criminally prosecuted or extradited for prosecution by the civil authorities " of another state , it said . The U.N. panel asked to be informed of the outcome of the investigation into Wesolowski . In a statement issued following the report , the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests , or SNAP , urged Polish bishops and Catholics to contact Pope Francis and "  insist that he send Wesolowski back to face secular justice in Poland . " Francis last month spoke out against sexual abuse by Catholic clergy and said he would meet with victims . A priest who abuses a child betrays the body of the Lord , the Pope told reporters , as he called for zero tolerance . "  This is very serious , " he said . "  It is like , by way of comparison , holding a black Mass. . You are supposed to lead them to sanctity and instead you lead them to a problem that will last their entire lives . " CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	A Vatican tribunal finds Jozef Wesolowski guilty of sexual abuse of minors He was accused of abuse while serving as Vatican ambassador to the Dominican Republic He has been dismissed from the clergy but can appeal the sentence
Beijing  CNN  -- For the first time , urban dwellers in China now outnumber those living in the country . At the end of 2011 , China counted 690.79 million urban dwellers , the National Bureau of Statistics  NBS  said Tuesday . That marks an increase of 21 million over the previous year and accounts for 51.27 % of the country 's 1.347 billion people . During the same period , the rural population shrunk by 14.56 million to 656.56 million . The number of people between the ages of 15 and 64 stood at about 1 billion , or 74.4 % of the total population , the NBS added . China 's breakneck economic growth over the past three decades has seen an explosion in the size of China 's cities and towns , especially along its prosperous east coast . China 's economic growth slowing ? Spurred by Deng Xiaoping 's reform policies of the 1970s , which were aimed at modernizing an economy that had been dominated by agriculture , millions of Chinese farmers have been on the move , a massive internal migration that has changed the face of China . Many of these migrant workers , known as "  mingong , " have left the countryside for the cities looking for better-paid jobs in areas such as manufacturing . Mega-cities like Shanghai , Beijing and Guangzhou , have been at the heart of this change , serving as the engines of China 's rapid economic transformation . "  Urbanization is an irreversible process and in the next 20 years , China 's urban population will reach 75 % of the total population , " said Li Jianmin , head of the Institute of Population and Development Research at Nankai University , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . "  This will have a huge impact on China 's environment , and on social and economic development . " There are at least 200 million migrant workers in the whole country , according to a national census carried out in April last year . Many are seasonal workers who work in cities part-time and then return to their villages -- though an increasing number live and work in urban centers permanently . However , it is difficult for many rural migrants working in cities to become fully-fledged urban residents , due to a centuries-old household registration system known as "  hukou , " which categorizes the population into rural and urban residents . Without an urban hukou permit , a migrant is often denied access to the subsidized health , housing and education for children that city dwellers enjoy .	2011 : China counted 690.79 million urban dwellers , 656.56 million in rural areas China 's breakneck economic growth has seen explosion in size of China 's cities Many migrant workers , known as "  mingong , " have left the countryside for the cities Analyst : Urbanization is an irreversible process in the next 20 years
CNN  A Michigan man is accused of threatening to behead the police officer who put Eric Garner in a chokehold . Alvaro Eduardo Guzman-Telles , 29 , said in a Facebook post in December he was "  going to personally kill and behead Daniel Pantaleo " and that "  this is a written threat and has to be taken extremely seriously , " the FBI alleges in a federal indictment . He was arrested last month and faces a charge of interstate transmission of threatening communications , according to the indictment . Pantaleo , a New York City police officer , put Garner in a chokehold while trying to arrest him last July on suspicion of illegally selling cigarettes . Garner died after the encounter , but a grand jury declined in December to indict Pantaleo , sparking large demonstrations across the nation . Guzman-Telles also allegedly said on Facebook to "  kill all cops on sight . No matter the circumstances . " The New York office of the FBI tracked the social media posts back to an address in Sterling Heights , Michigan , where Guzman-Telles ' mother was questioned . She said she was aware of the postings and told her son to delete them for she feared the posts would get him in trouble , the FBI said .	Beheading threat made on Facebook against cop at center of Eric Garner controversy Suspect allegedly said he wanted to "  kill and behead " the police officer
CNN  -- The simple answer to the question why Pope Francis is headed to South Korea , in the first papal trip to Asia in 25 years , is straightforward . The pope is going to celebrate the sixth Asian Youth Day and beatify 124 martyrs of Korea . But the more complex answer has to take into consideration the Korean Catholic Church 's unique history and the pope 's theological agenda . These can give us a deeper understanding of why he is making this trip . While South Korea may not be viewed as an overtly Catholic nation  compared to the Philippines , the most Christian nation in Asia  , at least 10 % of South Korea 's population belong to the Church , according to its statistics . The Catholic Church in Korea enjoys a high level of respect from non-Catholics , maintains good relations with other religious communities , and has a history of positive social engagement for the common good . Pope Francis 's visit will recognize these accomplishments , a move that will not only please Koreans , but hold up their church as a model of evangelization . Evangelizing in Asia Since it is Asia that has the greatest potential for the growth of Catholicism , it makes sense to highlight an Asian success story and to recognize the Asian youth who will be called on to continue that growth . Evangelization is in fact a key concern for Pope Francis . His apostolic exhortation , Evangelii Gaudium , focused on this topic and called for the transformation of the Catholic Church to focus on "  the evangelization of today 's world rather than for her self-preservation . " The pope 's concept of evangelization does not focus simply on baptizing new Catholics , but , as seen in the chapter from that exhortation entitled "  The Social Dimension of Evangelization , " also includes a call for the inclusion of the "  homeless , the addicted , refugees , indigenous peoples , -LSB- and -RSB- the elderly who are increasingly isolated and abandoned . " Moreover , this pope , while recognizing the importance of ordained clergy , decried "  clericalism " before the publication of this exhortation , sees the laity as having an active role in evangelization . The pope 's concerns as expressed in Evengelii Gaudium therefore resonate with the historical accomplishments of the Korean Catholic Church in that it has grown into a relatively large and healthy Catholic community with much of the work of evangelization being conducted by the laity . It is no accident that during his trip the pope will visit Kkottongnae  Flower Village  , a Catholic institution devoted to caring for such marginalized groups as the elderly and the homeless , where he will meet with leaders of the Apostolate of the Laity . Origins of Korean Catholic Church The Korean Catholic Church began with the baptism of a Korean scholar named Yi Seung-hun in Beijing in 1784 , who had developed an interest in Catholicism after reading Chinese books on the religion . After his baptism , Yi returned to Korea and began baptizing others , so that there were already 4,000 Catholics there before a missionary -- a Chinese priest named Father James Zhou Wen-mo , himself one of the martyrs to be beatified -- arrived in 1794 . The Korean state could not tolerate the existence of a foreign religion whose members recognized a deity outside government control and persecuted the new church . Catholics were given the choice of giving up their religion or being sentenced to death , with several thousands choosing the latter and becoming martyrs . Despite these persecutions , the church managed to survive and rebuild itself multiple times . While foreign missionaries played an important role , much of the work of maintaining the community and spreading the faith was carried out by the laity . The coming of religious tolerance in the late 19th century led to an increase in the number of Catholics , but it was not until the 1960s that the Catholic Church in Korea began to grow quickly . While that growth has slowed down in recent years , the church is quite healthy , with its approximately five million members , according to the church . At the same time , it must be stressed that the Korean Catholic Church faces challenges . Growth has declined , and many newly baptized Catholics leave the faith or become lukewarm . Likewise , Korean society has many of the difficulties post-industrial societies in the West face , such as the "  unbridled consumerism " the pope decried in his apostolic exhortation . It is here that one can see the importance of the martyrs who the pope will beatify . In their stories , one sees Catholics giving up wealth , sex , and even life itself out of their love for others and for God . The pope will no doubt highlight how their devotion to the faith led to the growth and development of the Catholic Community in Korea , allowing him to echo the themes found in his exhortation . The fact that he will beatify these martyrs in Korea the day after Koreans celebrate their independence from Japan , will not be missed by Koreans . The pope likely hopes that this recognition , and the teaching opportunity it provides , will renew evangelization in Korea , and through it , the world .	Pope is to celebrate sixth Asian Youth Day and beatify 124 martyrs of Korea Asia that has the greatest potential for the growth of Catholicism Korean Catholicism has history of surviving persecution
CNN  -- Spongy red balls wait in a queue , separating two teams wired to smack their opponent . Within seconds , the players dip and dive like dolphins until one player stands alone , relishing in victory . An adult plays in a dodge ball league organized by the City of Sparks Parks and Recreation in Nevada . It 's the classic game of dodge ball , but these are n't fifth-graders during PE class in Sparks , Nevada . The childhood sport of dodge ball made a comeback four years ago in this bedroom community among adults in their 20s and 30s -- and even a few players who reached retirement . Now , hundreds of working professionals , doctors , lawyers and teachers congregate at the local recreation center for a dose of dodge ball on Sunday nights . "  I think a lot of it goes back to trying to stay young , " said Tony Pehle , recreation supervisor in Sparks , who started the dodge ball program after being inspired by the 2004 Ben Stiller movie "  Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story . " "  They might be adults , but they still like to play and have fun . " Has Peter Pan syndrome come to stay ? From playing dodge ball to jumping double Dutch and competing in rock-paper-scissors , adult men and women , from urban nests to rural towns , are reveling in games and activities once thought to be child 's play . The 2009 World Yo-Yo Contest in Orlando , Florida , this weekend  August 13  is all grown up , attracting more than 150 adult competitors , who can showcase dizzying tricks with the flick of a finger . Later in the month , hundreds of adults outfitted in pirate and animal costumes will race their homebuilt vehicles for Oregon 's annual Portland Adult Soapbox Derby , a crafty activity that began for youths in the 1930s . "  Once a year , I get to build something for the kid in me , " says Jason Hogue , a 41-year-old carpenter , who has participated in the race for eight years . Last year , he constructed a car shaped like a hammerhead shark . "  We get to use our creativity and get excited with our friends . " Whether they 're done to seek refuge from the daily grind or to provide nostalgia for youthful days -- or they 're a product of what some experts say is a generation that ca n't grow up -- these juvenile pastimes are getting more popular . For example , adult viewership of the Nickelodeon show "  SpongeBob SquarePants " swelled by 51 percent from 1999 to 2009 , officials say . The World Adult Kickball Association , one of the largest kickball organizations , has spread its tentacles to 33 states as well a soldier division in Iraq . WAKA Kickball began as a casual game between a few young single friends in their 20s in Washington , D.C. Now , the games appeal to tens of thousands of adults , many of them yuppies wanting a quick escape from the stresses of their first 401  k  , mortgage and job . "  I played soccer growing up , and I like competition , " says avid kickball player Marlon LeWinter , 28 , of New York City . LeWinter , a public relations executive , usually plays the position of center with a bunch of producers , writers and analysts in their late 20s . They named their team Chipwich Nation after they scarfed down the cookies-and-ice cream treat at a bar after a game one night . "  Sometimes when it 's -LSB- the score -RSB- two to one in a kickball came , I get the jitters , " he says . The economic bind also creates a favorable environment for adults to latch onto simple children 's games and sports . With players who are trapped in a world of layoffs and job freezes , these adult leagues , contests and tournaments are the equivalent of sandbox time for children . They can make new friends and go for a beer after the game . These activities are also budget-friendly , costing less than $ 100 to join for several months of play -- much less than a golf club membership . Since the recession , Duncan Toys , one of the biggest yo-yo manufacturers in the United States , has seen sales spike . A company official noticed many of the adults who purchased yo-yos tried to get the same models they owned as kids . "  Nowadays , everything is taken so seriously that people revert to something like playing with a yo-yo , " says Mike McBride , a 34-year-old multimedia designer who picked up the activity shortly after college . McBride , who will compete in the Orlando World Yo-Yo contest , says the activity helps him relieve stress . "  There 's no pressure . " In 2006 , Christopher Noxon , in his book "  Rejuvenile , " explored why adults fancy childhood pursuits like kickball , cartoons and cupcakes . Beginning with Generation X adults in the 1990s , the group began to shift from the norms of the hierarchal corporate ladder , and the age of marriage began to steadily climb . Soon , juvenile activities that had been regarded as silly became hip . Quirky became cool , and more organized teams , groups and competitions for playground sports and childlike hobbies emerged . "  Our whole idea of adulthood has changed , " says Noxon . "  We value flexibility and creativity , and these are things kids are good at . It 's brought us back to what we had as children . " But it is n't just the younger generations that clutch leftovers from their youth or become interested in child-like activities . Grandparents in their 70s and 80s still collect roomfuls of model train sets , romanticizing the days when the only way to travel was by choo-choo . Women in their 40s acquire American Girl dolls that stir fond memories of reading the novels during childhood . Psychology experts say it should n't be a surprise that the affinity for childhood hobbies and activities extends across generations . After all , Americans have long had an obsession with youth . To be young is associated with being fun , vibrant and active . In the Internet age , finding one 's inner child has never been easier , with the proliferation of social networks such as Facebook or Web sites like Meetup.com , where users can create groups and meeting times for activities . On the site , groups of adults organize scavenger hunts in Atlanta , Georgia , and action figure discussions in New York City . "  This is a generation of people who are far less homogenous and more niche-oriented , " says Judith Sills , a clinical psychologist who works with young adults . "  They can bond around their quirky differences . Ten years ago , you could n't have easily found another kickball player , even if you wanted to play . "	WAKA Kickball started more than a decade ago by a few friends is now in 33 states The 2009 World Yo-Yo Contest will attract more than 150 adults this year Hundreds of adult soapbox racers will wear costumes to race in Portland , Oregon "  Rejuvenile " author Noxon says childhood pastimes are becoming more acceptable
New York  CNN  Daniel Pantaleo , the police officer who a New York grand jury decided not to indict in the death of Eric Garner , spoke with internal affairs investigators about the case this week . "  He indicated he never used a chokehold , " said Stuart London , Pantaleo 's attorney . "  He used a takedown technique he was taught in the academy . He said he never exerted any pressure on the windpipe and never intended to injure Mr. Garner . " London said Pantaleo had been trying to arrest "  someone who was noncompliant . " Speaking to investigators about the case on Monday , "  he was confident and related the facts in an accurate and professional manner , " London said . Garner died in July after Pantaleo and other officers tried to arrest Garner , who they said was suspected of illegally selling cigarettes . A cell phone video of the arrest shows Pantaleo wrapping his arm around Garner 's neck . A medical examiner ruled the death a homicide . New York 's police commissioner announced shortly afterward that officers would undergo a three-day retraining period on the proper use of force when engaging a suspect . The controversial case has ignited protests across the country after the grand jury decided not to indict Pantaleo last week . Garner 's last words , "  I ca n't breathe , " have become a rallying cry during demonstrations . Critics say Pantaleo should have been indicted and say the case highlights problems in the criminal justice system . The police internal affairs investigation aims to determine whether Pantaleo violated department policy . The New York Police Department prohibits use of chokeholds New York Police Commissioner William Bratton has said the investigation , which had been on hold during the criminal investigation , is expected to take at least three months . Investigators started interviewing other officers who witnessed the incident on Friday . CNN 's Jason Carroll and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Officer Daniel Pantaleo tells investigators he did n't use a chokehold Lawyer : "  He used a takedown technique he was taught " in the police academy The New York Police Department prohibits the use of chokeholds
Washington  CNN  -- In a late-night vote after a bitterly partisan debate , the House of Representatives passed a $ 694 million border bill Friday , but the measure has no chance of becoming law . The vote was almost entirely on party lines , 223-189 , with just one Democrat , Texas Rep. Henry Cuellar , voting for it . Four Republicans opposed the legislation . The bill proposes to give the Department of Homeland Security more than $ 400 million for additional border security and law enforcement measures . It would allocate more than $ 20 million to speed up the deportation process by accelerating the judicial process , and also would set aside millions for National Guard border efforts and temporary housing for unaccompanied minors , among other things . The measure that passed Friday also included a change to a 2008 anti-trafficking law to make it easier to send home the unaccompanied children from Central American countries . The Democratic-led Senate had already left Washington to start a five-week summer recess after it was unable to pass its own legislation to give President Barack Obama some of the money he 's requested to address the massive influx of migrants at the nation 's southwestern border . At a news conference Friday , President Barack Obama dismissed the House GOP measure as "  a message bill " and vowed to veto if it came across his desk . The vote came one day after a chaotic scene on Capitol Hill when House Speaker John Boehner was forced to abruptly pull an earlier version of the bill because it did n't have sufficient votes to pass . Some conservatives did n't like the price tag of the legislation and others demanded tougher restrictions on a separate bill that would halt future deportations of some child immigrants who arrived years ago . House GOP leaders had already agreed to hold a separate vote on that measure , modeled on a plan from conservative Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , which would prevent Obama from continuing his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  policy . Under DACA , the administration can defer deportations of children brought to the U.S. illegally by their parents . But conservatives wanted to end that policy , fearing that the President would use his executive authority to expand deportation deferments . After a late night of negotiations on Thursday , GOP leaders agreed to the demand . The House passed that bill Friday , 216-192 , after a heated and ugly floor debate . Democrats accused the GOP of being "  anti-Hispanic " and "  extreme " -- a message the party will certainly repeat over and over before the midterm elections . Brushing off accusations that both bills were just political theater , House Republicans worked all day to lock down the votes from their members . They believed passing legislation right before they left for the break would flip the narrative -- instead of being the party that did nothing , they could claim they stayed and approved a plan while the Democrats who run the Senate left town without any action on the issue . "  The people 's House is here working and we 're not going to stop working until we pass legislation that actually addresses this crisis , " said Rep. Steve Scalise , R-Louisiana . House Democrats said the Republicans would only make the situation worse . Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , warned that the House Republicans ' legislation would cause the deportation of 600,000 "  Dreamers " -- people who arrived in the U.S. illegally as minors and received conditional permanent residency under the 2001 DREAM Act . "  Republicans want to kill DACA and kill it quietly on a Friday night , " Gutierrez said . But Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , said the President 's move "  to use his pen and cell phone to legislate " and allow children stay in the country violated the Constitution because it was up to Congress to pass new laws . Republicans criticized Obama for sending mixed messages to Congress on modifying that law . The President and some in his administration indicated they could support a bill to expedite deportations of children coming from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador , but then backed off after Congressional Democrats strongly opposed linking that with additional border money . Without any agreement on additional resources to address the border crisis , Obama said Friday , "  we 've run out of money . " Three weeks ago , Obama had asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to help process the unaccompanied children at the border and boost border security . The Senate Democrats ' plan called for $ 2.7 billion , but it failed to advance . The President said Friday he would reallocate money to ensure federal agencies providing housing or holding immigration hearings could continue to handle the increased activity along the border in Texas . Rubio plunges into immigration debate Crisis impacts public opinion CNN 's Jonathan Helman contributed to this report .	The vote was almost entirely on party lines , 223 - 189 Only one Democrat , Texas Rep Henry Cuellar , voted for it Four Republicans opposed the legislation
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has never played in a World Match Play semifinal before , and he has never been ranked No. 1 . Lee Westwood lost his top spot at the World Golf Championship event in Arizona a year ago , and he wants it back . Before this week the Englishman had never made it past the second round of the 64-man tournament in 11 attempts . Ideally they would be meeting in Sunday 's 18-hole final in a showdown to see who will depose Luke Donald as golf 's top dog , but instead they will have to clash in the semi . The winner of that morning match will play either Hunter Mahan or Mark Wilson , with the U.S. assured of a shot at the trophy for the first time since Tiger Woods took it home for the third occasion in 2008 . "  I think it 's the match that most people wanted and definitely the match that I wanted , " world No. 2 McIlroy told reporters after beating South Korea 's Bae Sang-moon 3 & 2 in his quarterfinal on Saturday . "  I 'm excited about tomorrow , it should be a lot of fun and very exciting for everyone involved . "  All I need to do is focus on the match tomorrow morning , and then I think the biggest task for both of us , me and Lee , is getting yourself so much up for the semifinal . "  You have to get yourself up for that again . So that will be the tough task because obviously both of us feel you 've got to get past each other -- for Lee to get back to number one and me to get there for the first time . "  You have to put your all into that and then whoever wins tomorrow morning , you get yourself back up again to go back out tomorrow afternoon and win the whole thing . " While McIlroy has already won the U.S. Open at the age of 22 , the 38-year-old Westwood is still waiting for his first major victory -- though he has topped the European Tour money list and ended Woods ' record-breaking run at the top of the rankings in 2010 . "  We 've played a lot together . It will be a good match -- I hope it will be a great match , that we both play well and make a lot of birdies , " Westwood said of the clash with his European Ryder Cup teammate after his 4 & 2 victory over Scotland 's Martin Laird . "  My priorities were to win major championships and win World Golf Championships because I have n't ever won any . I 've been at No. 1 a couple of times . It would be a different way of thinking to me compared to Rory , who has n't been No. 1 . He may be thinking about it , but my main goal is to play well or play as well as I 've been playing tomorrow morning and try and win that match . " Neither Mahan nor Wilson are ranked inside the top 20 , but have both been in fine form at the Ritz-Carlton course this week . World No. 22 Mahan went through after thrashing U.S. Ryder Cup teammate Matt Kuchar 6 & 5 in the shortest quarterfinal since the tournament started in 1999 . "  Matt could n't find the putter today , which is rare for him , because he 's a great putter , " Mahan said of his 14th-ranked opponent . "  I got lucky in that aspect . But I played solid , did n't make any bogeys and did n't give many holes -- and kept the pressure on him . That was nice to do . " Wilson , ranked 42nd and a three-time winner on the PGA Tour , cruised past Sweden 's Peter Hanson 4 & 3 , and has yet to play past the 16th hole this week . "  I do n't think too many people picked me to win , " said Wilson , who is looking to follow in the example of last year 's winner Donald and his predecessor Ian Poulter -- none of the trio are long hitters .	World No. 2 Rory McIlroy to play third-ranked Lee Westwood in World Match Play semifinals The winner will depose Luke Donald at the top of the world rankings if they can also win the title The U.S. will have a shot at the title for the first time since Tiger Woods won it in 2008 U.S. Ryder Cup player Hunter Mahan will play compatriot Mark Wilson in the other semifinal in Arizona
CNN  -- Adhesive in the shape of a heart was found on a corner of a piece of duct tape that was covering the mouth portion of 2-year-old Caylee Anthony 's skeletal remains , an FBI latent print examiner testified Monday in the capital murder trial of the girl 's mother , Casey Anthony . Elizabeth Fontaine explained the find to jurors by asking them to think about when they remove an adhesive bandage from their skin and some of the adhesive remains in the shape of the bandage . Instead of a bandage , however , the outline was the shape of a heart , she said , and about the size of a dime . Although it has not been mentioned in testimony , court documents in the case have stated that a sheet of heart-shaped stickers , with some missing , were found by police executing a search warrant at the Anthony home . A photograph of a page of stickers , found in a search of the home the day after Caylee 's remains were found , was admitted into evidence in the trial Saturday . A line of investigators and forensic experts have been called to the stand by prosecutors in an effort to prove their theory that Anthony , 25 , killed her daughter by knocking her out with chloroform and putting duct tape over her nose and mouth . They allege the Orlando woman then put the body in black garbage bags and stored it in her trunk before dumping it in woods near her home . The skeletal remains were found in December 11 , 2008 . Caylee was last seen June 16 , 2008 , but her disappearance was not reported until July 15 , 2008 , after Anthony 's mother demanded answers about the little girl 's whereabouts . Anthony faces seven counts in her daughter 's death , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading investigators . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . She has pleaded not guilty . Her attorneys have said Caylee was not killed but rather that she drowned in the family pool shortly after her family last reported seeing her and that Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked when they discovered the body and covered up her death . George Anthony rejected that scenario in his testimony the first week of the trial . The trial is ahead of schedule , Orange County , Florida , Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. told jurors as they took a break for lunch . Prosecutors are down to their final witnesses , he said , but they wo n't be available until Tuesday afternoon , they said . The prosecution may rest Tuesday or Wednesday , Perry said . The defense anticipated beginning its case Thursday but is trying to accelerate that process and begin Wednesday , the judge said . He said he believes testimony in the case could conclude by the end of next week , although he can not say for sure . Deliberations could begin by June 25 , he said . The court recessed until 1 p.m. Tuesday . Fontaine said she found the heart-shaped adhesive while examining the three pieces of duct tape found on Caylee 's remains for fingerprints . She said she did n't find fingerprints but did n't expect to , given the months the tape and the remains had been outdoors and exposed to the elements . Any oil or sweat from a person 's fingertips would have long since deteriorated , she said . Asked whether she tried to photograph the heart-shaped adhesive , which she saw under an ultraviolet light as part of her testing , Fontaine said she did not . "  When I observe something is unexpected , I note it and continue with my examination , " she said . She said she tried to photograph it later after subjecting the tape to dye testing , but the adhesive was no longer visible . She testified she did show it to her supervisor . Earlier Monday , jurors heard more testimony about a hair found in Anthony 's trunk and hairs found with Caylee 's remains . However , Perry would not permit Stephen Shaw , a hair and fiber examiner for the FBI , to show jurors a PowerPoint presentation dealing with a study he is conducting on hair decomposition . Anthony 's defense attorneys protested vigorously , saying they had not received a copy of the presentation or had a chance to adequately review it . "  The court does find it troubling that the state , at the ninth hour , provides a PowerPoint with color photographs that was not provided to the defense , " Perry said . The dispute over the presentation was heard outside the jury 's presence . Perry did allow Shaw to testify about the study . Shaw told jurors that he examined the hair and a "  hair mass " found with Caylee 's remains and that he came to the same conclusion as FBI trace evidence examiner Karen Lowe . Lowe previously testified that a 9-inch piece of hair from the trunk appeared similar to a piece of hair recovered from the little girl 's hairbrush and had a dark band that she had seen only in hairs that remained in the scalp of a decomposing body . Shaw said he agreed with Lowe 's findings , adding that the "  hair mass " found with the remains had a "  brushlike " appearance associated with a later stage of decomposition . Shaw noted , however , as Lowe did before him , that hair identification is not an exact science and that he can not say the hair was Caylee 's , to the exclusion of all other people . In addition , the "  hair mass " "  is not a suitable normal hair sample , " he said , and he can not say with certainty it was Caylee 's hair , only that it was found with her remains . Shaw said that in his study , he was attempting to recreate banding in hairs taken from living people . While he said some of the hairs -- which were put in varying indoor and outdoor locations -- showed evidence of decomposition , none showed postmortem banding . However , under cross-examination by defense attorney Jose Baez , Shaw admitted he can not state definitively that postmortem banding is exclusively seen in hair taken from dead people . Two independent examiners as part of his study both analyzed the hairs , and each in their initial findings identified a hair as banded from a live person , although they both discounted that in their confirmed findings , he said . But Shaw estimated for prosecutor Jeff Ashton that he 's seen thousands of hairs in his career and that he has never seen a hair with a decomposition band that did not come from a corpse . Baez also elicited testimony from Shaw that it was his first time testifying in court about such evidence . On Saturday , an insect expert testified that tiny flies found in the trunk of the Orlando woman 's car fit the theory that Caylee 's body was stored there -- perhaps for three to five days . The flies suggest that something began to decompose inside the trunk but do not prove that the material was a human body , said Neal Haskell , a forensic entomologist from St. Joseph 's College in Rensselaer , Indiana . Such flies will feed on many things , he said . Based on his analysis of temperatures and the reproductive habits of the small flies found on paper towels from the trunk that another scientist found were soaked in fluid from decomposition , Haskell said it appeared that whatever attracted the flies had been in the car for three to five days . Baez , in his cross-examination of Haskell , tried to show that the flies could have been attracted by common garbage or leftover food . Numerous witnesses have testified to a foul odor emanating from Anthony 's trunk after her daughter 's disappearance ; a bag of garbage left in the trunk for weeks has been suggested as the source of the smell , but prosecutors allege it was the smell of human decomposition . Saturday 's testimony also included a crime scene investigator who collected a piece of Henkel brand duct tape from an area near where Caylee 's skull was found . Ronald Murdock , a forensics supervisor for the Orange County Sheriff 's Office , also testified that despite a thorough search of the house , the only piece of Henkel duct tape investigators recovered from the home Anthony shared with her daughter and parents was attached to a gas can . Last week , jurors saw graphic photos of Caylee 's bones and heard testimony that they had been gnawed by animals as her body decomposed during as much as six months in the field . They also watched a video superimposing an image of Caylee 's skull over her living face and an outline of a strip of duct tape in an effort to prove tape could have been , in effect , the murder weapon , Ashton said . Baez tried to prevent jurors from seeing the presentation , which he called "  disgusting . " But Perry ruled that the role of duct tape in the girl 's death is "  highly relevant . " He also rejected a defense motion for a mistrial based on the video at the close of Friday 's session . In Session 's Cara Hutt and Nancy Leung contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Court recessed for the day ; prosecution may rest Tuesday or Wednesday The judge says testimony could conclude by the end of next week No fingerprints were found on the duct tape , an FBI examiner testifies Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , in 2008
CNN  -- A group of clergy in North Carolina on Monday filed a federal lawsuit seeking to overturn the state 's ban on same-sex marriage . The group argues the ban violates the First and 14 amendments and stigmatizes same-sex couples and the people and institutions that would support them . "  Marriage between two loving individuals is both a fundamental legal right and a cornerstone of almost every religion , " says the lawsuit , which was filed in U.S. District Court for the Western District of North Carolina in Charlotte . "  By depriving the Plaintiffs of the freedom to perform religious marriage ceremonies or to marry , North Carolina stigmatizes Plaintiffs and their religious beliefs , and the State relegates the Couple Plaintiffs to second-class status . " The lawsuit was filed by the United Church of Christ , a Protestant religious denomination with some 1.1 million members , various religious leaders , including a rabbi , and some same-sex couples . Among the defendants are North Carolina Attorney General Ray Cooper , several country district attorneys , and register of deeds . Noelle Talley , a spokeswoman for Cooper , said that as a rule his office does not comment on pending litigation . The state has received the lawsuit , and is currently reviewing it . "  By denying same-sex couples the right to marry and by prohibiting religious denominations even from performing marriage ceremonies for same-sex couples , the State of North Carolina stigmatizes same-sex couples , as well as the religious institutions and clergy that believe in equal rights , " the suit says . North Carolina voted in 2012 to outlaw same-sex marriage , which was already prohibited in the state . Supporters pushed for -- and won -- a constitutional amendment that defines marriage as solely between a man and a woman . Voters approved the amendment by a large margin . Same-sex marriage is legal in 17 U.S states and the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington . Besides North Carolina , same-sex marriage is banned by state constitutional amendment or state law in Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , North Dakota , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . Worldwide , 16 other countries -- and parts of Mexico -- also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of these are in Europe and South America . CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	NEW : The office of Attorney General Ray Cooper declines to comment A group of clergy argues the ban violates the First and 14th amendments North Carolina approved a constitutional amendment to outlaw same-sex marriage Same-sex marriage is legal in 17 U.S states and the District of Columbia
CNN  -- Even 6-year-olds at Hamilton Central School in central New York came to school prepared for swine flu . Jessica Poyer , a first-grade teacher , noticed in the spring that kids had begun bringing their own hand sanitizer , tissues and water bottles . Guidelines on when schools should dismiss the student body because of H1N1 were released Friday . Poyer , also the mother of two young children , thinks about swine flu , also known as influenza A H1N1 , every day , both at school and at home . She knows that some schools nationwide have had to close because the disease was widespread , and she has mixed feelings about the school closures . "  I hate to close schools , because it interrupts learning , but we leave it up to health professionals , " said Poyer , who lives in Deansboro , New York . Federal health officials , releasing guidelines Friday , suggested that closure of schools this fall be rare . "  There are measures we can take to protect the students , protect the staff , and to allow learning to continue , " said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A key change in the new guidance is that people with H1N1 should stay out of school for 24 hours after their fever is gone , regardless of whether they are taking medication such as Tamiflu . Before , the recommendation was seven days , Frieden said . Watch a report on the new recommendations " In the current context of the H1N1 outbreak , if it is similar to the situation in the spring , schools should consider closing if most or all students have particular medical needs , such as children on ventilators or pregnant teens , Frieden said . In addition , some districts may decide that because there are so many cases of H1N1 , from an administrative point of view , they can not stay open , he said . In addition , despite telling parents to keep sick children home , some parents may continue to send their children to school with a fever -- a situation that resulted in the closing of some New York schools in the spring , Frieden said . Officials emphasized that school closures are ultimately local decisions , which Superintendent Al Hambrick at the Sherman Independent School District in North Texas also stresses . He said his district will always take federal guidance into account , but individual localities will handle the H1N1 situation differently depending on the particular circumstances of the outbreak . If there are cases of swine flu at Sherman ISD , and the federal guidelines suggested that children should n't necessarily be sent home , the school may decide to dismiss the students anyway , he said . "  We might send the whole school home because we want to sanitize the building , " he said . Ryan Koczot , a teacher at Broad Creek Middle School in Newport , North Carolina , believes that if proper precautions are taken early , such as telling parents to keep their sick children at home , schools will not have to close . He is concerned about creating panic among faculty , staff and students , and about making up lost days at the end of the year . "  Let the individual students and parents handle it , " he said . Tara Whittington , a math teacher at Villa Rica High School near Atlanta , Georgia , who makes hand sanitizer available for her students , considers school closures a waste of time if only one student has H1N1 , but supports dismissal if a quarter of the students become ill . "  By the time a fourth of the students have it , your school may be the cause of it being spread between the students , need to step in and clean it out , " she said . Boston Public Schools in Massachusetts had 10 closings in the spring , which came about through collaborative decisions between the city public health commission and the superintendent , said Matt Wilder , spokesman for the schools . In Georgia , the final decision about closing schools because of H1N1 is usually up to the local school board with input from local and state public health officials , the Department of Community Health said . "  Some school closures may be based on operational interruption due to a significant percentage of student and staff absences , while some school closures may be based on a recommendation of public health to reduce the virus spread , " the department said in a statement . The novel virus is known to have been circulating worldwide since April . There have been 353 deaths , and more than 5,500 people have been hospitalized for H1N1 in the United States so far , according to the CDC . In Montgomery County , Maryland , public school principals have been asked to come up with plans for giving students lessons in the event of school closings , said schools spokeswoman Kate Harrison . One option for continuing instruction is a Web resource called Edline , which lets them post lessons and assignments online , she said . There is also a cable television station that could be used to broadcast lessons , she said . These Maryland schools , which will follow the guidance of local health authorities on school closings , have also ordered hospital-grade face masks , she said . It is still unclear under what circumstances these masks would be used , but , for example , employees who have to work together closely may use them , she said . Watch the U.S. education secretary talk about preparedness " Other schools across the country are ramping up their cleaning efforts to prevent H1N1 transmission . At Sherman ISD in Texas , the staff is disinfecting door handles during the upcoming school year , something the school did n't do before , Hambrick said . Most schools in the district have hand sanitizer in every classroom , he said . Sherman ISD schools , which have not had any confirmed cases of the virus , will also be distributing informational pamphlets about H1N1 , he said . For athletic practices , coaches discourage the sharing of towels and water bottles , Hambrick said . In the spring , the schools canceled field trips to places where there had been reported cases of H1N1 , he said . Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told government leaders last month that a vaccine to fight the H1N1 virus should be ready for distribution in mid-October . At what point schools should close because of the new virus , if ever , is a matter of controversy . A recent study in the journal Lancet Infectious Diseases concludes that there are a lot of uncertainties about the consequences of closing schools during a pandemic -- for example , the ways that children interact when they are not in school . For example , children may mix with each other at the mall if school is not in session , said Dr. Robert Kim-Farley , a professor at the University of California , Los Angeles , School of Public Health , who was not involved with the study . Moreover , school provides a relatively safe environment , whereas other problems could arise outside school such as children getting hit by cars , he said . Disinfecting classrooms may not be so effective , either , because the virus dies within about three hours , he said . "  If people will stay away from school when they are sick and do the ABCDs , that will mollify , or make less severe , the transmission of disease in schools , " he said .	NEW : Federal agency releases guidance on closures related to H1N1 In Maryland , schools prepare for instruction when students are n't in class Some schools have ramped up cleaning , offered hand sanitizer in classrooms The value of closing school because of H1N1 is still being debated
CNN  The NBC anchor issued an abject apology in his "  Nightly News " program Wednesday , admitting he 'd falsely claimed to have been in a Chinook helicopter shot down over Iraq 12 years go . He wrote on the NBC Nightly News Facebook page that he 'd spent some time wondering if he 'd "  gone crazy , " but ultimately decided he 'd conflated events in his memory . Others are n't so quick to agree with him . Critics are piling on and hoping to put the newsman 's essential credibility in question . That 's a currency without which he ca n't do his job . Some are drawings comparisons to the reporting controversy that brought down the veteran CBS anchor Dan Rather . Like any good controversy , the affair has already launched a few social media hashtags , including #BrianWilliamsMisremembers , which pillories Williams by placing him at the center of world events in which he had no part . While no one can rule out Williams and NBC set out in a craven and intentional attempt to misappropriate valor from a dramatic wartime scenario , or even a well-intentioned white lie  Williams was trying to honor an involved soldier during his most recent retelling  , it 's also possible he 's suffered an all-too-natural memory error . How Brian Williams ' Iraq story changed Doctors like myself who grapple with memory impairments in our patients wo n't issue a diagnosis on the basis of a single memory lapse or false memory , no matter how major . Admittedly , this one was earthquake-generating , but the dramatic nature and outsized impact of this error do n't make it a sign of disease , not without more frequent spells or other symptoms . We do n't call single false memories like this a disease because they 're in fact normal , right alongside your occasionally forgotten car keys , your missing wallet or even your misremembered conversation . Brian Williams has experienced a very public symptom of life , and we should all forgive him for that . Let he who has never lost his keys cast the first tomato . You may wonder how it 's possible that Williams tricked himself into such a vivid false memory told in such detail . He did experience some aspects of the events . Though he was n't in the Chinook that took a hit , he landed in that forward position with it . He formed bonds with the servicemen around him . He felt vulnerability and stress during that period . Williams has told his story many times before , and each time he tells it , he is retrieving it . Errors happen during memory retrieval all the time , just as errors happen in cell division ; biology is n't computer science . Furthermore , he is subtly modifying his memory with his every retelling . Revisions occur as the memory is re-encoded based on what 's going on at the time he tells the story . Circumstances like a gabby , friendly free-wheeling interview with David Letterman . The emotions he 's feeling when he 's retelling the story also infect the original memory . The NBC videos of the downed Chinook that he 's viewed repeatedly are dredged up as well . Clever studies tell us just how powerfully words and images can manipulate memory to the point of inserting false memories . In one , researchers interviewed the parents of their experimental subjects , all college students , and collected true stories about events each of the studies had experienced . After presenting these true stories mixed with false ones , researchers were able to trick 25 % of the perfectly healthy students into thinking they had experienced one of the false stories just by having had them imagine any connections they might have to what they could n't remember . Brian Williams had plenty of connection to the downed helicopter . In another study demonstrating the disturbing ease with which the human mind can create a false memory , researchers doctored a photograph to show adult subjects as children in a hot air balloon , and 50 % of the adults ultimately believed they really took the balloon ride . Mr. Williams has been saturated in photos and video of the downed Chinook for many years now . In the annals of famous false memories , this one has eclipsed Neil deGrasse Tyson 's notoriously erroneous stock line criticizing part of a George W. Bush speech that the former President never uttered.There 's no doubt Brian Williams has made a serious journalistic error for which he must atone . At the same time we should show him some sympathy for an embarrassing bug in the mental hardware all humans share .	Ford Vox : Brian Williams ' is being slammed for false Iraq claim , but false memories are not uncommon He says studies show how easily memories can be accidentally modified based on circumstances , retelling and emotion
Washington D.C.  CNN  -- Pyongyang announced on December 12 the trial and execution of Jang Sung-taek , former vice chairman of the powerful National Defense Commission and uncle to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Although Kim has already purged hundreds of officials during his two year reign , Jang 's ouster is highly unusual , even by North Korean standards . Jang is married to the sister of the late leader Kim Jong-il and it had been expected he would be safe from a purge until after her death . In the past , when members of the North Korean senior leadership strata were purged , they usually simply stopped appearing in North Korean media . Instead , the BBC and other media reports showed that Jang was first erased from existing official photos and videos in tactics reminiscent of the Stalin-era Soviet Union . North Korea stability fears after execution Jang was arrested during a special meeting of the leadership with the photos and lengthy list of his crimes promulgated to the North Korean public . That Jang was executed was also rare for someone in the inner circle of power . While Kim is emulating the power politics of his father and grandfather , he has taken it to new levels of brutality . In addition to Jang -- previously referred to as the "  second most powerful man in North Korea , " Kim replaced both the minister of defense and chairman of the general staff . Clearly , no one is safe from Kim 's wrath . According to South Korean media reports , Kim Chol , the vice minister of the army , was executed last year per Kim 's dictate to leave "  no trace of him , not even his hair , " though it is not clear exactly how he was killed . Some reports suggest he was executed with a mortar round during the official mourning period after Kim Jong-il 's death . Jang -- the "  despicable human scum who was worse than a dog " -- was accused of plotting a coup to "  overthrow the state -LSB- and -RSB- to grab the supreme power of our party and state . " Perhaps . But had Jang wanted to grab the ring of power he would have had more success immediately after Kim 's father 's death in December 2011 , before his son acquired the six titles conferring power over the state , party , and military . How Kim Jong Un got rid of his uncle It is more likely that the accusation of treason -- as well as the litany of his personal foibles of gambling , drugs , womanizing , pornography , and drinking -- were to undermine Jang 's reputation and justify the execution . An uncle 's ambition cut short The young Kim also used the purge to make Jang the scapegoat for North Korea 's economic problems . Jang was described as controlling all major economic fields of the country and accused of scheming "  to drive the economy of the country and people 's living into an uncontrollable catastrophe . " Jang was then able to be blamed for the disastrous currency revaluation of 2009 , poor construction in Pyongyang , selling off of the Rason economic zone and precious resources at low prices , and creating "  a great confusion in financial management system of the state . " So much for the political and economic reform that some experts predicted Kim would implement , as they had similarly predicted about his father . Jang 's accusation emphasized the "  the unitary leadership  and  absolute authority " of Kim Jong Un . " The military court derided Jang 's "  despicable true colors as  economic  reformist known to the outside world . " Jang 's "  cunning and sinister means " were compared with the "  strategic patience policy and waiting strategy of the U.S. and the south Korean puppet group of traitors . " If there was any lingering naive doubt that Kim would be just as merciless as his father and grandfather , it died along with Jang . During his two years in power , he has escalated the subjugation of the populace . He has increased public executions , expanded the gulags for political prisoners , and increased government punishment for people caught with information from the outside world . Photos show scale of North Korea 's repressive prison camps Earlier this year , Kim showed that he is willing to go even higher than his father in raising tension on the Korean Peninsula . Pyongyang threatened U.S. military bases in the wider region with nuclear attacks . He also warned of tactical attacks on South Korean targets . He defied U.N. Security Council resolutions by conducting nuclear and long-range missile launches and was credited by the official North Korean media as being the mastermind behind Pyongyang 's two deadly attacks on South Korea in 2010 . Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans The United States should have no illusions about Kim . His government vows it will never abandon its nuclear weapons and Pyongyang continues to augment and refine its nuclear and missile arsenals . South Korea 's minister of defense believes Pyongyang 's missiles can already reach the continental United States . The North Korean threat -- always high -- has gotten worse under the young leader . He is just as dangerous as his father -- and less predictable . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Bruce Klingner .	Jang Sung-taek was vice chairman of the top military body and married to Kim 's aunt North Korea state media say Jang was convicted of treason and executed Jang was arrested at a special meeting of the leadership and a lengthy list of crimes published Klingner : Likely the accusation of treason was to undermine Jang 's reputation
CNN  -- The news that Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , is pregnant is being celebrated throughout Britain , the British Commonwealth and beyond . As well as wonderful news for the royal couple , it has positive implications for the future of the British monarchy . It means that the reigning House of Windsor will have , for the first time since 1894 , no fewer than three generations in line to the throne at the same time . As early into this century as we are , it effectively means that the succession is secure even into the next one . Whether the royal couple 's new baby is a boy or a girl , he or she will ascend the throne as monarch one day , come what may -- short of a republican revolution . The Commonwealth changed the law this year , meaning sex discrimination will end and males will not be favored over females , as they have been for the past thousand years . News : Baby news sparks media frenzy Although we ca n't know what the child 's name will be , we can be sure that he or she will have a lot of them : Some heirs to the throne had as many as seven or eight . Should they have a girl , it would be surprising if the names Elizabeth , after her great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth II and great-great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother , and Diana , after her paternal grandmother , are missing from the list . Yet the bookmakers ' predictions for a boy 's name -- Charles , at 10 to 1 ; and John , at 8 to 1 -- are very unlikely . Charles is already taken as the name of Prince William 's father , and John was one of the worst kings in British history . Any concerns that Prince Harry might one day have ascended the British throne -- he was third in line and will soon be fourth -- have been allayed by this announcement . Granted , he was a brave soldier who saw action fighting against the Taliban in Afghanistan , but he was not really considered suitable material for a king . The knowledge that Catherine can have children removes the danger that a future King Harry might embarrass the nation with his naked hijinks and Las Vegas antics . What we do know is that the child will be brought up in the harshest of media spotlights and will remain in its full flood for a lifetime . Bookmakers already are taking bets on the color of the baby 's hair . To exist in this gilded cage will require a firm sense of self and a strong personality . Many people might be hurt psychologically by the relentless publicity accompanying every move they make , but Prince William has demonstrated that such attention does not necessarily lead to problems . News : Royal baby announcement marks dramatic break with tradition The British state is far more protective toward its royals than it was in the days of Prince Charles and Princess Diana , and it is fully conscious of the disasters that can arise when the paparazzi are in full pursuit . The public , too , despises those who invade the younger royals ' private lives , although admittedly that has not stopped people from buying the newspapers and visiting the websites responsible for the worst excesses . In a sense , all monarchy is a lottery , in that nobody can tell whether a sovereign will turn out well or ill . A large number of the best ones -- Elizabeth I , Queen Victoria , George V , George VI , Elizabeth II -- were not necessarily going to be king or queen when they were born . Some who were born to be king -- such as Edward VIII , later Duke of Windsor -- turned out to be disappointments . With Elizabeth II , Britain won the lottery , and it seems as though the present popularity of the monarchy itself , which opinion polls show to be at its highest in more than a quarter-century , is very much down to her and Prince William . Although 1992 was an "  annus horribilis " for the queen , when Windsor Castle suffered a terrible fire and two of her children 's marriages collapsed , 2012 has been a wonderful 12 months , more than making up for it two decades later . The Diamond Jubilee was spectacular , proving yet again how much the British people love her . The London Olympics were a huge success . And the future of her dynasty seems on the verge of being confirmed throughout this century and beyond . There will be talk , inevitably , of whether the queen or perhaps the future King Charles III might abdicate , to avoid a situation in which the next three monarchs will be advanced in years . This will not happen . If the queen has inherited her mother 's longevity , she will easily beat Queen Victoria 's time on the throne , and become -- in September 2015 -- the longest-reigning monarch in history . Abdication is not in her job description : She considers it a dereliction of duty , something that disgraced her uncle King Edward VIII with the family . If she lives as long as the Queen Mother , she will still be on the throne in 2027 , which will almost inevitably mean that her successor King Charles III would have one of the shorter reigns , as he would be nearly 80 when he acceded . Arguments about elderly monarchs have been made before in the reign of Queen Victoria , yet it did n't prevent the present queen coming to the throne aged only 25 only half a century later , after the deaths of three more monarchs in the meantime . Part of the lottery of monarchy is that one can not predict the future , and the job only makes sense if it is for life . One of the strengths of having a family serve as successive heads of state is that when a bad chapter ends , a better one can begin . With the birth of what would have been her first grandchild , the shade of Princess Diana 's era is forever behind the House of Windsor , and the British people can look forward to a new generation of royals . Small wonder that Britain and the world are celebrating with William and Kate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Roberts .	Andrew Roberts : When royal baby is born , three generations will be in line to the throne Seeing how long Elizabeth has reigned , he says , succession could last whole century Roberts : Child will need a firm sense of self to withstand the pressure of royal life Jubilee , Olympics and pregnancy cap a great year for Queen Elizabeth , he says
CNN  Hundreds of Islamist militants have seized a multinational military base in northeastern Nigeria , according to a government official . "  Boko Haram overwhelmed the Multinational Joint Task Force and dislodged them from their base outside Baga after hours-long fighting , " said Maina Ma'aji Lawan , a Nigerian senator from the state of Borno , where Baga is located . "  They came in huge numbers heavily armed and subdued the multinational troops consisting  of  soldiers from Nigeria , Niger and Chad , " Lawan said . Villagers : Boko Haram abduct 40 boys , young men The Multinational Joint Task Force  MNJTF  was formed in 1998 to combat light arms proliferation and human trafficking . More recently , it has been involved in the fight against Boko Haram . It was not immediately clear how many troops were at the base at the time of the attack , which happened Saturday . Baga resident Yusuf Maidaji fled to the Chadian village of Kangallam . He said the militants in Baga torched hundreds of homes and looted shops . He also said people were killed , but that it was difficult to know how many . "  The toll could be huge because the gunmen opened indiscriminate fire on fleeing residents , " said Maidaji . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . The Islamist group -- considered one of the world 's most deadly terrorist organizations -- has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south .	Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 The Islamist group aims to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law
CNN  -- A Saudi court on Wednesday sentenced a man who caused uproar by bragging about his sex life on television to five years in prison and 1,000 lashes , according to Ministry of Information officials . Mazen Abdul Jawad talked openly about his sex life on the controversial show . Mazen Abdul Jawad , a 32-year-old airline employee and divorced father of four , spoke openly about his sexual escapades , his love of sex and losing his virginity at age 14 . He made the comments on Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation , which aired the interview a few months ago . Saudi authorities shut down LBC offices in Jeddah and Riyadh after airing the interview on an episode of its popular show "  A Thick Red Line . " Jawad was arrested shortly after the program aired and charged with violating Saudi Arabia 's crime of publicizing vice . On the program , Jawad is also shown in his bedroom , where he holds sexual aids up to the camera . The room is decorated with Mickey Mouse and stuffed bears in sexually suggestive positions . The cameras gave audiences a glimpse of the room 's nightclub-like chandeliers mixed with seafood-shaped wall sconces , perfume bottles and a book in Arabic , "  101 Questions About Sex , " that Jawad calls his "  reference . " Jawad , wearing a red shirt , explained that he put his phone number and details about his car -- a red Mini Cooper -- on his mobile phone 's Bluetooth . He says women usually call him to ask if the car is for sale but , he boasts , "  some go out with me that same night . " The episode ended with him cruising the streets of Jeddah in his car looking for women . The show that aired Jawad 's story is as popular as it is controversial in the Middle East . It tackles taboos sometimes never discussed in public . In one instance , a guest admitted he put up his children for sale and tried to justify why he continued to look for the highest bidder even though his kids were begging him to change his mind . Most guests wear sunglasses , wigs and strange clothing to disguise their identities as their lives can be endangered for talking about such taboo subjects . Surprisingly , Jawad did not disguise his identity on the program . Watch report on the uproar over the broadcast " The episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , where sharia , or Islamic law , is practiced . Pre-marital sex is illegal , and unrelated men and women are not permitted to mingle . The segment in question has been posted on the video-sharing site YouTube since its initial broadcast last month , and has been viewed hundreds of thousands of times . Speaking about promiscuous acts "  is a violation of the sharia regulations on the one hand and against Saudi customs on the other , " police spokesman Suleiman Al-Mutawae told Arab News , an English-language daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia . Before Jawad 's detention , Arab News reported that he initiated a damage-control campaign , apologized for his comments and was considering filing a complaint against the show 's producers for presenting him "  in the worst possible manner by taking two hours of footage and condensing it down to a minutes-long segment . " Jawad 's lawyer could not be reached for comment . The ministry officials spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity .	Mazen Abdul Jawad , divorced father of 4 , spoke openly about sex escapades Saudi authorities shut down LBC offices in Jeddah and Riyadh over broadcast Episode caused an uproar in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Some families long separated by the Korean War saw their loved ones Saturday for the first time in years near the border between North and South Korea . South Korean Yoon Ki-Dal , right , meets the children he left behind as babies during the Korean War . Yoon Ki-Dal , 88 , of South Korea thought such a moment would never come . After leaving his son and daughters when they were babies during the Korean War , he was able to hold the hands of his North Korean children on Saturday . "  Father , we thought you were dead , " his daughter , now in her 60s , told him , her face trembling . Their family was one of 97 reunited Saturday on Mount Keumgang , a North Korean resort near the eastern part of the border , after decades of separation by war and ideology . And soon these families will be separated again . They are allowed to be together for a few days . Then the South Koreans must return home . The reunions -- the first in nearly two years -- are taking place through October 1 . Millions of families were separated by the Korean War , which ended in 1953 with a cease-fire and no formal peace treaty . No mail , telephone or e-mail exchanges exist between ordinary citizens across the Korean border . The agreement to hold the reunions came after North and South Korea held three days of talks , mediated by the International Committee of the Red Cross , last month , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported at the time . About 10,000 people applied to take part in the reunion , but fewer than 200 families were allowed to participate . In addition to the 97 families who met Saturday , another 99 families are expected to meet next week , authorities said . Watch families share hugs , tears " Participants are selected randomly , and there is no date set for a further reunion , which means the tens of thousands of others who were separated by the Korean War have no idea when they may get a chance to see their loved ones -- if ever . For the many separated family members who are elderly , a reunion may never be possible . Reunions between North and South have been taking place off and on since 2000 after an inter-Korean summit in Pyongyang , Yonhap says . The last reunion took place in October 2007 . Rapprochement talks between the two Koreas have hit a wall since conservative South Korean President Lee Myung-bak took office in early 2008 with a tougher stance toward the North than his liberal predecessor , Roh Moo-Hyun . The two Koreas have remained in conflict since the conclusion of the Korean War in 1953 . Last month , officials from both sides had the first high-level , cross-border contact in nearly two years when South Korean Unification Minister Hyun In Taek met with North Korean unity leader Kim Yang Gon . The meetings and reunions are in stark contrast to the tense public statements each side made about each other earlier this year . Tensions between the two were heightened in July when North Korea launched seven short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan , also referred to as the East Sea . The launches came after North Korea conducted a nuclear test on May 25 and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . South Korea condemned the action , calling the launches "  unwise . " Journalist Sohn Jie-Ae contributed to this report .	Families have reunion meeting at resort in North Korea , near border The South Koreans must return home in a few days Millions of Koreans were separated following Korean War cease-fire in 1953 About 10,000 people applied to participate ; fewer than 200 families approved
CNN  -- The wait is nearly over in a close-knit Manchester , New Hampshire , community with ties to South Sudan . Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , the Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death in Sudan because of her faith , arrived in Rome on Thursday with her husband Daniel Wani , an American citizen who has lived in Manchester , the baby girl she gave birth to while in prison , and her toddler son . The family , which met with Pope Francis in Vatican City , is expected to the travel to the United States . "  I was crying , " Gabriel Wani said of the predawn phone he received from his brother Daniel the other day . "  He said they were coming to New Hampshire . This is his place now . " The family 's plight has long been a topic of prayer meetings and Sunday sermons , dinner-table talk and pleas to members of Congress from people in a city that has learned to embrace newcomers . Since Thursday , southern Sudanese people have been stopping by Gabriel Wani 's home in Manchester , where he lives with his wife and their three daughters , with words of support . "  A lot of people have been waiting for them , " Wani said . "  The whole community wants to welcome them . " ` Everybody comes following someone else ' In 1998 , Daniel Wani , his brother Gabriel and sister Mary were among the first southern Sudanese refugees to resettle in Manchester . Manchester -- with a population of about 110,000 , the largest city in northern New England -- has long served as a resettlement site for refugees from dozens of countries who have been scattered throughout the United States by the State Department . Since the late 1990s , more than 500 people from what is now South Sudan were resettled in New Hampshire , the majority of them in Manchester , according to refugee advocates . Newcomers included southern Sudanese children taken as slaves during the country 's most recent civil war along with a handful of the thousands of orphaned and displaced children , known as the "  Lost Boys , " who trekked hundreds of miles to neighboring countries to escape the violence . "  Everybody comes following someone else , " said Monyroor Teng , pastor of the Sudanese Evangelical Covenant Church , who arrived in Manchester in 2004 after spending three years as a refugee in Egypt . The church is hosting a welcoming reception for the family , said Zakaria Aging , who came to the United States from Sudan in 2000 . Members of southern Sudanese community were also planning to greet them at the airport . "  I do n't have any words right now , " Aging said . Italy steps in to help A court in Sudan overturned Ibrahim 's death sentence a few weeks ago , but police arrested her again June 24 when she and her family tried to leave Sudan to go to the United States . Police accused her of falsifying travel documents in an attempt to fly to the United States with her family . They were taken into custody at the airport in the capital , Khartoum . The family had been confined to a safe house in Sudan until this week , when they traveled to Italy . A Sudanese Islamic jihadist group on Monday released a statement threatening Ibrahim , vowing to carry out what it said was the justified death sentence against her . Italy 's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lapo Pistelli said his country became involved because it was moved by Ibrahim 's story . Italy maintains good relations with Khartoum and offered to help the U.S. Embassy there speed up the process of getting U.S. passports for Ibrahim and her family , the minister said . Gabriel Wani remembered speaking to his brother by phone Wednesday and being told , "  We 're still waiting . We do n't know what 's going on . " The next day , Daniel Wani called with the news : "  We 're out of the country . " "  I could n't believe it , " Gabriel Wani said . Pistelli said it was unclear how long the family will stay in Rome before traveling the United States because of passport procedures . Ibrahim 's ordeal started when a Muslim relative filed a criminal complaint saying she had married Wani , a Christian , after going missing for several years . A Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim . She was charged with adultery on grounds that a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan . Ibrahim also was charged with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . In May , while about eight months pregnant , she was convicted . In chains , Ibrahim gave birth about two weeks later in a women 's hospital in Khartoum . Ibrahim had been detained since mid-January . She refused to let go of her 20-month-old son Martin for fear she would never see him again . At Ibrahim 's sentencing , a sheikh told the court "  how dangerous a crime like this is to Islam and the Islamic community , " said attorney Mohamed Jar Elnabi , who represented Ibrahim . "  I am a Christian , " Ibrahim fired back , "  and I will remain a Christian . " Ibrahim was born to a Sudanese Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox mother . Her father left when she was 6 years old . She was raised by her mother as a Christian . Her father was Muslim , so the courts considered her the same , which would mean her marriage to a non-Muslim man is void . Daniel Wani is board chairman of the South Sudan Community of New Hampshire , a nonprofit that provides translators , basic English classes , tutoring for children and outreach services . "  His plan all along was to bring his family to New Hampshire , " Gabriel Wani said .	New Hampshire city awaits Mariam Yehya Ibrahim and her family Plight of the Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death touched Manchester Her husband , Daniel Wani , is an American citizen He was one of the first South Sudanese refugees to resettle in Manchester
CNN  -- The case of the first toddler ever to be "  functionally cured " of HIV could have wide-ranging effects on the global fight to end the AIDS epidemic . "  If we can replicate this in other infants ... this has huge implications for the burden of infection that 's occurring globally , " said Dr. Deborah Persaud , a pediatrician at the Johns Hopkins Children 's Center . Persaud is the lead author of a report on the toddler 's case that was presented at the 2013 Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Atlanta on Monday . "  For the unfortunate ones who do get infected , if this can be replicated , this would offer real hope of clearing the virus . " Some 1,000 infants are born with HIV every day , according to the latest estimates from the UNAIDS Global Report . That means some 330,000 children are living with the deadly virus . The majority of these infections are in the developing world . The most common way children get HIV is through perinatal transmission -- HIV transmission from an infected mother to a child while she is pregnant , giving birth or when she breast-feeds the child . The number of infant infections in the United States has gone down some 90 % since the mid - '90s , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ; that 's in large part because pregnant women are routinely tested . When a mother is identified as being HIV positive , her doctor is then able to administer preventive interventions that will , in most cases , keep the virus in check . In developing countries , infants born to mothers with HIV are not so lucky . There , mothers are less likely to be treated with antiretroviral drugs that would prevent transmission during pregnancy . In North Africa and the Middle East , for instance , 3 % of pregnant women with HIV received antiretroviral medications , according to the U.N. report . Some 23 % in West and Central Africa did . Testing is also less sophisticated in these areas . The unidentified Mississippi woman in this case had no prenatal care and was not diagnosed as HIV positive until just before she delivered the baby . That 's why Dr. Hannah Gay , an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Mississippi Medical Center , administered the drugs within 30 hours after the baby was born . Typically , a baby born to a woman with HIV would be given two drugs as a prophylactic measure . Gay said her standard is to use a three-drug regimen to treat an infection . She did this on the Mississippi infant without waiting for test results to confirm the baby was infected with HIV . Gay thinks the timing may be key , that the timing may deserve "  more emphasis than the particular drugs or number of drugs used . Timeline : AIDS moments to remember "  We are hoping that future studies will show that very early institution of effective therapy will result in this same outcome consistently , " she said . Doctors will try to replicate the success of her case and see if aggressive treatment right after birth can "  cure , " or if this is an anomaly . "  We are enthusiastic about the potential of this case , but it is one case and it needs to be replicated and confirmed through future studies and clinical trials , " said Dr. Meg Doherty , the World Health Organization 's Department of HIV/AIDS coordinator of treatment and care . "  We will not be changing any of our current guidance in this case , but we will continue to watch for new information and provide updates to our prevention of mother to child transmission  PMTCT  and early infant diagnosis guidance as necessary . " Antiretroviral medications are pricey for people in the developing world , but treating a child for a year or two with these drugs would be a lot cheaper than paying for a lifetime of treatment after infection . Why youths are n't getting tested for HIV Persaud is optimistic . If the result of this case can be repeated , she believes this discovery could make a huge difference internationally . "  In resource-limited settings , this kind of treatment would not be a stretch . We know how to do this and we have the infrastructure in place to deliver this kind of care . " Check out more news on CNN.com	How quickly antiretrovirals were administered in this case may have made a difference Mother-child infection rates are down 90 % in the United States since the mid - '90s Some 1,000 infants are born with HIV every day , according to the United Nations
CNN  -- Amid concerns over adult content popping up on its new Vine video app , Twitter appeared Tuesday to have restricted how users can share sexually explicit clips . As with Twitter , Vine users can create and search hashtags  #CNN , #news , #tech , for instance  to share posts with a wider audience or find lots of content about the same subject . By Tuesday morning , hashtags that had worked Monday -- including searches for the terms "  porn , " "  nude , " "  sex " and "  naked " -- were among those that delivered no results . That does n't mean that pornographic content has disappeared from the Vine app . But it 's no longer as easy to find , or share , huge caches of the stuff with a single click . Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment for this story . Rolled out last Thursday , Vine is a mobile app that lets users create six-second video clips and share them through the app , on Twitter , or both . While Vine has already been used to post some creative videos , like virtually any Web tool that allows user-created content it has also been used for the mass display of naughty bits . The issue came to the forefront over the weekend when an explicit video appeared under the prominently displayed "  Editor 's Picks " section on the app 's main page . Twitter said the video appeared due to an employee 's error and it was removed . The porn issue was a public-relations stumble for Twitter and for what appears to be a quickly adopted app . Since its release , Vine has been among the most popular free apps in Apple 's app store . Currently , Vine is only available on Apple mobile devices . With its restrictions , Vine 's new model appears to more closely resemble the one used on Facebook-owned Instagram , the popular photo-sharing app . Salacious hashtags also deliver no results there . On Tuesday , there were still some workaround-style hashtags on Vine with which users were sharing adult videos . Presumably , Twitter might monitor and start deleting those as well .	Naughty hashtags are no longer working on Twitter 's Vine video app Users had begun using the app 's 6-second clips to post porn On Tuesday , #porn , #sex , #nude and #naked no longer delivered results
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Kesha and Dr. Luke exchanged harsh accusations in lawsuits filed by the singer and producer Tuesday . Kesha 's civil complaint filed in Los Angeles claims that Dr. Luke sexually , physically and verbally abused her over the 10 years since he signed her as an 18-year-old artist . Dr. Luke 's lawsuit filed hours later in New York contends Kesha made up "  outrageous and untrue statements " to extort him into releasing her from her recording contract with his label . Her lawsuit demands that she be paid damages for suffering he caused and that her contract with Dr. Luke , whose real name is Lukasz Gottwald , be declared void because of the abuse . Kesha , whose full name is Kesha Rose Sebert , was "  an intelligent , family-oriented , and joyful young woman " before Dr. Luke "  showered her with promises of fame and fortune " and induced her to sign a contract with him in 2005 , her lawsuit said . Instead of living a life of Hollywood glamor , she "  lived in a prison of his abuse , " the lawsuit said . Her complaint accuses him of giving her a "  date rape drug " that allowed him to sexually assault her while she was unconscious . He allegedly used constant verbal insults -- such as calling her "  a fat f -- king refrigerator " -- "  to make her feel completely worthless and maintain complete control over her life . " The abuse did n't end after her debut album sold more than a million copies in the United States in 2010 , her complaint said . "  For the past 10 years , Dr. Luke has sexually , physically , verbally and emotionally abused " her "  to the point where Ms. Sebert nearly lost her life , " it said . Kesha , 27 , developed the eating disorder bulimia nervosa , which almost killed her , because of the continuous criticism about her weight by Dr. Luke , according to her complaint . She entered a rehabilitation center to be treated for the disorder earlier this year , the lawsuit said . Her doctors concluded that the "  unrelenting emotional and psychological abuse " by Dr. Luke caused her to suffer "  severe depression , post-traumatic stress , social isolation , and panic attacks . " Continuing contact with him "  would be ` life threatening , ' " the lawsuit said . Kesha 's lawyer Mark Geragos said her lawsuit "  is a wholehearted effort by Kesha to regain control of her music career and her personal freedom after suffering for 10 years as a victim of mental manipulation , emotional abuse and sexual assault at the hands of Dr. Luke . " "  The facts presented in our lawsuit paint a picture of a man who is controlling and willing to commit horrible acts of abuse in an attempt to intimidate an impressionable , talented , young female artist into submission for his personal gain . Kesha is focused on moving her life and her career beyond this terrible time , " Geragos said . Christine Lepera , the lawyer who filed the suit for Dr. Luke , said Kesha 's complaint "  is nothing more than a continuation of her bad and offensive acts . " "  As set forth in the complaint that we have filed on behalf of Dr. Luke , Kesha and her mother are engaged in a campaign of publishing outrageous and untrue statements about Dr. Luke to third parties , including scurrilous and false statements of purported physical and mental abuse of Kesha , " Lepera said . "  We are confident that Dr. Luke will prevail in all matters , and that our client will be awarded substantial damages for this malicious conduct , " Lepera said . Geragos said the singer is ready to put the past behind her . "  This is just another pathetic and entirely predictable example of Dr. Luke 's continued abuse , and a misguided attempt to keep Kesha under his tyrannical control , " Geragos said . "  This lawsuit has absolutely no basis in fact , the law or reality . Kesha is focused on reclaiming her voice and her freedom . She is determined to move on with her life and her career by putting this dark period behind her . "	Kesha 's lawsuit claims Dr. Luke sexually , physically and verbally abused her Dr. Luke 's lawsuit accuses Kesha of extorting him with false allegations of abuse Kesha was 18 when she signed a recording deal with Dr. Luke in 2005 The singer 's suit demands she be released from her recording contract
CNN  -- This month , Britain 's deputy prime minister squared up to the leader of the country 's euroskeptic Independence Party to advocate the merits of his nation 's membership of the EU . So did Nick Clegg convince the electorate in this televised debate that Britain was better off inside the union ? In short , no . For all Clegg 's passion for Europe , polls showed two thirds of those asked thought his opponent , Nigel Farage , had won the day by suggesting the UK 's future was brighter outside the bloc -- not in . As an island nation with its own regional identity politics to consider , Britain knows what it 's like having ambivalent bedfellows . The eurozone crisis has prompted Brussels to advocate closer cooperation within the bloc , but the UK has n't just been swimming against the tide on that topic -- it 's also been trying to prevent Scotland from leaving its own union . Farage , a member of the European Parliament and staunch europhobe , paints a controversial figure among eurocrat circles . He has suggested that the EU will end in tears , with people taking to the streets if countries see their democracy further eroded . Clegg , by contrast , points to the massive advantage the common market awards British manufacturers and the stability the EU has brought this once war-torn region . Both claims may be exaggerated and the truth probably lies somewhere in the middle . One thing is certain -- the discussion highlights how Europe 's union needs to be more receptive to its members ' changing needs . Britain was never a member of the original "  Inner Six " nations that laid the foundations for what the EU has become today . Yet UK 's recent and very public soul-searching has become a source of exasperation for pro-Europe leaders like the German Chancellor Angela Merkel . UK Prime Minister David Cameron has promised his people a referendum on the subject if his Conservative Party is reelected next year and has lobbied Brussels hard on the need for reform and cumbersome treaty change . The incontrovertible fact is that as the EU has become bigger and its bureaucracy has ballooned , it has n't kept pace with some of its members changing economies -- in particular Britain 's . Some might argue that what started out as an economic bloc has also overplayed its hand , drifting into notoriously torpid areas like justice and foreign policy . While the single market undoubtedly has myriad benefits for the exports of British goods , it has n't helped the nation 's services sector anywhere near as much . A report by Open Europe written in 2012 found that although nearly three quarters of the UK 's GDP comes from services , just 3.2 % of that is generated by intra-EU trade . Reels of bureaucratic red tape and grandiose pronouncements about regulating the financial services industry -- the jewel in its capital 's crown -- have left Britain feeling singled out in the single market . This comes just as the other goal of the EU -- the free movement of people -- has made immigration soar . Add to this edicts from the European Court of Human Rights and increasingly protectionist economic directives , jarring with a UK which sees a bright future in trade with other partners like the U.S. and China . The net result : Britain has been left feeling its sovereignty has been eroded , shackled by laws made elsewhere . There are a few options for the UK should it wish to surrender its membership card . It could emulate models followed by Switzerland , Norway and Turkey , becoming part of the European Economic Area or signing individual ad hoc cooperation agreements with individual countries over which it has more control . It could even make a clean break and just be part of a  now increasingly irrelevant  World Trade Organisation . None of these would be good for Britain or the world economy . They would require major upheaval and sour its investment climate considerably . Britain 's potential exit may also throw a spanner in the works as the EU and the U.S. negotiate the world 's largest free trade agreement -- one which would open up each other 's goods to a 700 million-strong consumer market . Yet the UK economy is growing much faster than its EU neighbors and as the nation rebounds the confidence of its convictions has also strengthened . Monty Python , one of Britain 's most successful comedy exports , once asked : "  What have the Romans ever done for us ? " Now a whole nation is asking the same of Europe . And whether they are right to do so or not , Brussels better take note . Read more from Nina dos Santos : EU should leave trade alone U.S. - EU trade pact key to rebuilding trans-Atlantic ties Scotland and England : Better together or more affluent apart ?	Nina dos Santos analyzes British debate on the country 's relationship with the EU She says the EU needs to be more receptive to its members ' changing needs Britain has been left feeling its sovereignty has been eroded , she writes
CNN  -- It 's like motor racing on water -- deafening music blares out in the countdown to races , and fans flock to the water 's edge . Welcome to the Extreme Sailing Series , extreme by name and extreme by nature . Expect capsizing , high-speed wipeouts and crashes involving catamarans that are twice the size of the biggest Olympic boats -- and notably faster , reaching top speeds of 30 knots . That 's a speed of 35 mph  56 kph  -- maybe not as quick as an elite sports car , but fast enough for huge adrenalin surge . Races take place across the globe , from narrow Amsterdam canal waterways to Sydney 's spacious harbor for the season finale . It 's also awash with star sailors , including two-time America 's Cup winner Ernesto Bertarelli , Ben Ainslie , whose tactics helped guide Team Oracle to victory in San Francisco last year , and 2013 losing skipper Dean Barker . It 's no surprise , then , that extreme sailing has been described as the Formula One of the water -- although it 's less wheel-to-wheel and more hull-to-hull racing . For his part , Ainslie , himself a F1 fan , likens it to another form of motorsport : "  It 's basically sailing 's version of stock-car racing . The courses are very short and there are collisions and spills . " This is sailing with a twist , as crews regularly employ guests on board , often celebrities , with the likes of Duran Duran singer Simon LeBon , ex-F1 boss Eddie Jordan , former England cricketer Michael Vaughan and current Wales rugby skipper Sam Warburton having tackled the world 's waters in competition . The 2014 season -- the seventh since its inception -- starts in Singapore on Thursday . It will be Ainslie 's first race since winning the America 's Cup and , as well as being a means to whet his appetite for future events , there is also a more serious purpose to his involvement this time around . "  When you do n't race for a long time , it gives you that burning hunger again , " he says . "  There 's definitely the hunger to get back and race , that 's what I do . "  The series is a laugh too but it 's also the closest thing this year to the multihulls of America 's Cup racing , which is the main goal . " Ainslie is still plotting a British team entry into sailing 's premier event , aiming to raise the $ 100 million budget required as well as get the necessary expertise on board to captain his own crew , having helped Oracle storm back from an 8-1 deficit to beat Team New Zealand 9-8 in a thrilling title defense . Yet for all his experience and expertise , the four-time Olympic champion could finish well down the pecking order in the Extreme Sailing Series , when he is paired against sailors for whom the sport is deeply ingrained from seasons past . Among those is compatriot Leigh McMillan , a one-time Olympian who makes no secret of the fact that Ainslie was his hero as he came through the ranks of British sailing . McMillan 's boat , The Wave Muscat , is the one to beat as the 33-year-old seeks a hat-trick of titles . "  It 's a bit of a dream to be racing against Ben , " says McMillan . "  He 's done fantastic things for the sport of sailing , and I 'm excited about the challenge of racing against him . "  I hope to learn a lot from him . If I beat him , it will be the proudest moment of my career . "  Winning events this year will be really , really hard , maybe the toughest season ever . It will be extremely difficult , especially as we 're racing against potential America 's Cup teams with the resources that go with it . " For his part , McMillan describes the racing , which involves crews of five on the Extreme 40 vessels , with a VIP or guest as well , as "  hectic . " This year 's series begins in Singapore and ends in Sydney , with visits to St. Petersburg , Russia , and Istanbul , Turkey among others . Each of the eight rounds of the series are known as acts , such a title adding further to the drama on show . There are four days of racing at each act -- one open-water and three other stadium-racing days in front of the eyes of an expectant public . It 's short , sharp racing , each lasting just 10 to 12 minutes , and the first over the finish line wins . Points of a maximum of 10 are awarded for the eight daily races and the crew with the most points at the end of each act is the winner . The team with the highest number of points across all the regattas claims the series trophy . McMillan admits the racing can get nasty on occasion , such is the competitive nature of the sailors . "  I know Ben 's got a reputation for being quite aggressive but we can be aggressive too , " he says . "  I 'm quite feisty but also with my experience you have to sail the percentages . You want to stay out of sticky situations , to avoid crashes and to avoid the jury having to make decisions . " Crashes do happen though , and not surprisingly with relative frequency compared to most sailing racing formats . "  I 've been involved in the series from the start and I 'm still amazed by the adrenalin buzz I get from it each and every time we race , " adds McMillan . "  You get crashes and it can get quite close for comfort . But the boats are really , really strong -- they 're so very well built . If the crashes do happen , things are set up that they 're fixed overnight . " Despite some impressive collisions and capsizes , organizer Andy Tourell believes only one boat has lost out a day 's racing as a result of a prang -- a remarkable achievement bearing in mind the topsy-turvy nature of this form of racing . Tourrell does not quite agree with Ainslie 's stock-car-racing analogy , but he says the unpredictable sailing certainly differs to the F1 seasons of recent years . While Sebastian Vettel has sauntered to four straight titles , McMillan 's potential for a treble could well have been scuppered at the final hurdle in 2013 . "  Last season came down to the last act of the last race of the last day , " Tourrell says . "  That gives you an indication of how close it tends to be . " From its outset , the Extreme Sailing Series has tried to be different -- from the element of stadium racing that Tourrell and his team first introduced , to the idea of getting guest sailors , whether they be celebrities , journalists or sponsors . It means crews have to engage in top-flight racing with a complete stranger on board . "  Sailing too often is not accessible to the public , so we wanted to ensure they were within touching distance of the racing , " says Tourrell . "  It was a huge risk as it had never been done before . We wanted to put boats inside a stadium . Of course , there was some negativity from the purists but I think we 're over that now . "  It 's been a long road to get this far but it really feels like we 're on the brink of taking it to the next level . " See also : Oracle Team USA wins America 's Cup See also : Explorer recalls epic raft journey See also : The best sailing images of 2013	Extreme Sailing Series likened to motor racing on the water America 's Cup winner Ben Ainslie among the star names set to compete this year Races take place everywhere from Amsterdam canals to the Sydney Opera House Crashes and capsizes are all in a day 's work for the competitors
CNN  -- A big Bertha could have really clubbed Puerto Rico , but fortunately for the denizens of that U.S. territory , Tropical Storm Bertha never gained much clout . The tropical storm dumped plenty of rain and forged through the Caribbean island with gale-force winds Saturday afternoon , but according to the National Hurricane Center , Bertha barely qualified as a tropical cyclone , with maximum sustained winds of 45 mph , as dry air and vertical shear tore the storm apart . Despite the lack of an impressive resume , Bertha made things miserable for at least tens of thousands of Puerto Ricans . Nearly 40,000 people , mostly in the mountainous center of Puerto Rico , lost electricity , and another 3,000 were left without fresh water , Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla said at a news conference . Padilla also said 220 "  refugees , " from several different countries , including the United States , ended up in shelters in Arroyo , Cayey and Ponce . The storm was heading over the eastern Dominican Republic , which was subject to a tropical storm warning , according the National Hurricane Center 's 8 p.m. advisory . The Miami-based center noted that Bertha was centered about 60 miles east-northeast of Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , and 200 miles southeast of Grand Turk Island . As of 8 p.m. tropical storm warnings also remained in effect for the southeastern Bahamas , and the Turks and Caicos Islands . Bertha could end up dumping 1 to 3 inches of rain "  with isolated amounts up to 5 inches " throughout the Caribbean by the time it 's passed through . The Hurricane Center suggests three possible scenarios for Bertha . The official forecast is that "  Bertha survives its current lack of structure , land interaction , and dry air entrainment long enough to reach a more favorable environment in about 36 hours . At that point , it would likely intensify until the onset of extratropical transition in 96-120 hours , " and become a hurricane far out in the Atlantic Ocean . The second scenario calls for Bertha to degenerate over Hispaniola , though it could regenerate later . And the third scenario would involve a low pressure system developing over the northwestern Bahamas absorbing Bertha in the next 48 hours or so . The biggest threat to the United States would be rip currents up and down the East Coast as large waves come ashore . Share your photos , videos and stories with CNN iReport CNN 's Joe Sutton and CNNE 's Dania Alexandrino contributed to this report	NEW : Bertha still has 45 mph winds NEW : It is centered 60 miles from Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic NEW : Storm left nearly 40,000 people without power in Puerto Rico Storm is not expected to hit the continental U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iraq is raking in more money from oil exports than it is spending , amassing a projected four-year budget surplus of up to $ 80 billion , U.S. auditors reported Tuesday . Oil accounted for 94 percent of the Iraq 's revenue from 2005 to 2007 , a U.S. report says . Leading members of Congress , noting that Washington is paying for reconstruction in Iraq , expressed outrage at the assessment . One called the findings "  inexcusable . " "  We should not be paying for Iraqi projects while Iraqi oil revenues continue to pile up in the bank , including outrageous profits from $ 4-a-gallon gas prices in the U.S. , " said Sen. Carl Levin , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  We should require that U.S. taxpayers be reimbursed for the cost of large projects . " Baghdad had a $ 29 billion budget surplus between 2005 to 2007 . With the price of crude roughly doubling in the past year , Iraq 's surplus for 2008 is expected to run between $ 38 billion and $ 50 billion , according to a report from the U.S. Government Accountability Office . The United States has put about $ 48 billion toward reconstruction since the 2003 invasion of Iraq , auditors reported . About $ 23 billion of that was spent on the oil and electricity industries , water systems and security . Iraq spent $ 3.9 billion on those sectors from 2005 through April 2008 , according to the GAO , the investigative arm of Congress . The ongoing fighting there , a shortage of trained staff and weak controls have made it difficult for the Iraqi government to spend its surplus on needed projects , the agency 's report concluded . Levin , a Michigan Democrat , has been an outspoken critic of the slow progress of reconstruction and an advocate of a U.S. withdrawal from Iraq . His criticism Tuesday was echoed by Sen. John Warner , a Virginia Republican who is the former chairman and now a leading member of Levin 's committee . "  Despite Iraq earning billions of dollars in oil revenue in the past five years , U.S. taxpayer money has been the overwhelming source of Iraq reconstruction funds , " Warner said in a joint statement with Levin . "  It is time for the sovereign government of Iraq , using its revenues , expenditures and surpluses , to fully assume the responsibility to provide essential services and improve the quality of life for the Iraqi people . " In its written response to the audit report , the Treasury Department said U.S. officials are working with Iraqis to address the issue , "  and we believe progress is being made . " "  The report shows Iraq 's budget surplus is likely to grow significantly over the course of 2008 , but it is equally important to realize that spending in Iraq is also increasing , " Deputy Assistant Treasury Secretary Andy Baukol wrote to the GAO . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government submitted a $ 22 billion supplemental budget to the Iraqi parliament in July , including $ 8 billion in proposed capital expenditures , Baukol wrote . The issue raised the hackles of several members of Congress earlier this year -- particularly because Bush administration officials said on the eve of the war that Iraqi oil money would pay for reconstruction . In 2003 , then-Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz told the House Appropriations Committee : "  We 're dealing with a country that can really finance its own reconstruction , and relatively soon . " Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , said Tuesday 's report "  is going to make a lot of American families very angry . " "  The record gas prices they are paying have turned into an economic windfall for Iraq , but the Iraqi government is n't spending the money on rebuilding , " said Waxman , the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . Levin spokeswoman Tara Andringa said the senator hopes to tighten rules governing U.S. expenditures on Iraqi reconstruction efforts in the next Pentagon authorization bill . The Iraqi surplus has piled up even though the country 's oil production has only recently matched prewar levels , according to the Brookings Institution 's latest Iraq Index . The country spent about 80 percent of its $ 29 billion operating budget in 2007 , including public services and salaries , but only 28 percent of its $ 12 billion investment budget , the GAO found . The export of crude oil accounted for 94 percent of Iraq 's revenues from 2005 to 2007 , the GAO reported .	U.S. lawmakers upset over surplus , noting Washington is footing reconstruction U.S. taxpayers should be reimbursed , senator says Report says Iraq 's budget surplus from 2005 to 2008 could hit $ 80 billion
CNN   CNN  -- At least seven people died Tuesday when a packed Metro North commuter train plowed into a Jeep Cherokee on the tracks north of New York City . A dozen more were injured , a rail official said . Six of the people killed in the fiery crash were train passengers , and the seventh fatality was the female driver of the Jeep , the official said . The collision happened about 7 p.m. when the gates at the two-track Commerce Street crossing near Valhalla came down on top of a Jeep Cherokee stopped on the tracks . The driver got out to look at the rear of the vehicle , drove forward and was struck , a Metro Transit Authority official said . She was outside the vehicle when the train struck , the official said . The 5:44 p.m. northbound train from Grand Central Terminal shoved the SUV about 10 car lengths . The third rail pushed up from the track and rammed through the entire first car of the train . "  Everything is melted inside , " said Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino . Photos of the scene and areal video from CNN affiliate WCBS showed flames and smoke pouring out windows of the commuter train . The commuter train was full when the accident happened . "  There were about 650  people  total on the ride home , " said Astorino said . A passenger , Justin Kaback , told CNN that people on his car did n't panic and exited in an orderly manner . Getting out of the car was difficult because it was so high and snow was on the ground , he said . MTA said the riders evacuated themselves . About 400 commuters were taken to a rock-climbing gym for shelter , the train company official said . Buses were en route there to get to them to Pleasantville . Twelve people were taken to Westchester Medical Center . Their condition was not immediately known . The National Transportation Safety Board tweeted that the agency was sending a "  go team " to investigate the crash .	A Jeep Cherokee got stuck on the tracks Six victims were train passengers ; the seventh was the Jeep driver
CNN  -- Three years ago , obsession took hold of Republicans in Congress . In the third week of January 2011 , John Boehner 's newly-elected House held its first-ever vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act and go back to letting insurance companies do whatever they want . Fast forward to today -- nearly 50 votes to repeal or undermine the law later -- and it 's clear to the American people that Republicans in Congress are n't on their side . Pick an issue : Jobs . The economy . Education . Infrastructure . Minimum wage . Unemployment insurance . Immigration reform . The list of failures , neglected issues and missed opportunities goes on and on -- and shows without question that Republicans are on the side of special interests and the Tea Party , not the American people . No wonder poll after poll still shows House Republicans standing at record lows . Americans do n't need a pen and a phone , we need a job and a paycheck Boehner 's misguided agenda and one-note tenure have ignored what the American people want . In fact , independent , mainstream polls show that most Americans want to improve and fix the law , not repeal it . Americans know what repeal would cost them : giving the power back to insurance companies to discriminate , deny care , drop coverage , raise rates and drive hardworking Americans into bankruptcy . On the Affordable Care Act and so many other issues that matter to the middle class , the message House Republicans have sent is clear : They are not on the side of hardworking American middle class families , and instead will do everything in their power to protect those who need help the least : the Washington special interests . Obama , the pain and fear must be named While House Republicans have obsessively voted to turn our health care system back over to insurance companies , that is far from the only damage they have inflicted on the people of this country . Their disastrous government shutdown -- which they launched to oppose the Affordable Care Act -- cost our economy $ 24 billion . They wo n't extend unemployment insurance for struggling Americans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own and who are looking for work -- all while they make sure that Big Oil gets its $ 40 billion in subsidies . They refuse to raise the minimum wage , while seeking maximum tax cuts for the rich . They have yet to pass anything that remotely resembles a jobs bill . Those wrong priorities will come back to haunt them in November . A few Republicans are making the first motions to run away from this unpopular approach and to deny their repeal-only agenda . They 're hoping that voters will think that they 've woken up and found some common sense -- but voters wo n't forget nearly 50 votes , and they wo n't forgive them for turning their backs on hardworking people . This year 's State of the Union is a defining test for Obama Republicans ' flawed priorities are hurting real families in this country . With every repeal vote , John Boehner might get a kick out of conservative news headlines and the talk radio echo chamber , but what regular Americans see is a politician who cares more about wealthy insurance company contributors than helping their families . Voters will have a choice this fall between Republicans ' wrong priorities , and problem-solving Democrats who have dedicated their lives to helping middle class families get ahead . I believe that choice will be clear . Obama 's message : A dysfunctional Congress , but we 'll get it done anyway The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rep. Steve Israel .	Rep. Steve Israel rattles off a list of GOP failures , neglected issues and missed opportunities Israel : Party showed they were n't on the side of the American people Israel : Their wrong priorities will come back to haunt them in November
Seattle  CNN  -- David Wing-Kovarik and his partner , Conrad , were ready to adopt a child . They moved through all their requirements smoothly , even completing an orientation and training course for prospective parents . Then they were confronted with their first real stumbling block . "  Our adoption agent said , ` Well , you both look the same on paper , so who 's going to be the parent ? ' " Wing-Kovarik recalls . In Arizona , where the couple lived at the time , only individuals and legally married couples may adopt from the U.S. foster care system . But because a same-sex couple can not legally marry in the state , only one parent can be granted legal rights to the child . "  We saw  it  as a disadvantage to the child , " said Wing-Kovarik , 47 . "  We , frankly , got very angry about it when we thought about everybody else that was in the  training  class . None of them were asked this question . And it came down to the fact that we were a male couple . This was when we first experienced how being that gay couple just adds to the complexity of the whole process . It makes it much harder . " In 18 states and the District of Columbia , same-sex couples can jointly petition to adopt a child . But in the other states , such as Arizona , the law either restricts joint adoption or is unclear . That only adds confusion and frustration to what is already a "  mind-numbing " adoption process , Wing-Kovarik said . "  It makes your head spin with the questions that are asked of you , with the forms that you have to fill out , " he said . "  And then you have on top of that the fact that your family might not be that mom-and-dad home . You 're that gay or lesbian family ... and the questions begin to change . " Wing-Kovarik and his partner did their homework and were eventually able to adopt two sibling boys after relocating to Seattle for Conrad 's new job . But it was a long , arduous and invasive process , one that scares off many other potential parents , Wing-Kovarik said . "  It becomes a daunting experience , " he said . "  It 's why the families do n't always come forward , because they think they 're going to be rejected . " And to him , that is unacceptable with 107,000 boys and girls waiting for adoption in the United States . "  When you lose that family , you lose an opportunity for a child , " he said . "  They need help . ... That child sitting in foster care year after year after year is not going to their social worker and saying , ' I only want a mom-and-dad home . ' " Determined to help other families deal with the same obstacles that he had faced , Wing-Kovarik started a nonprofit , Families Like Ours . It began as a simple online resource for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people wanting to foster or adopt . But as word spread about its growing expertise and its success in helping foster placements and adoptions , more diverse people started coming to the group for help . "  It does n't matter if you 're gay , straight , pink , purple , orange , polka-dotted , from Mars , from the moon or any other place , " Wing-Kovarik said . "  If you think you can make a difference with these kids , you should be stepping forward to do this . ... "  It 's unacceptable that families are faced with barriers that are put in their way because of a myth , a misunderstanding , miscommunication ... preventing a child from having a family just because  other people  just do n't like what that family looks like . " Wing-Kovarik estimates that his group has helped thousands of families -- both gay and straight -- by offering a range of services such as lawyer referrals , case consultations , special-needs classes and tips on therapists and pediatricians . With the help of a nationwide network of volunteers -- many of whom have benefited from the group in the past -- everything is free . "  Families contact us and say , ' I want to do this , how do I do this ? ' We do two things : find out the answer and figure out how it really works for their specific situation , because they are never the same , " Wing-Kovarik said . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes According to the state of Washington , more than 75 % of families who have attended a training class through Wing-Kovarik 's group have gone on to be placed with a foster child . "  That is much higher than other agencies , " said Paulette Caswell , adoption and permanency supervisor for the state 's Department of Social and Health Services . Wing-Kovarik has also become a preferred trainer of the state , training nearly 250 families a year since 2002 . "  He has a unique perspective , and families connect to this , " Caswell said . "  And  David 's work  is done for truly altruistic reasons . There is no cost to the state for it . We have others that support us and do a lot of work , but we tend to pay for that service . Families Like Ours does it through donations and grants , and he has n't been paid in years . That 's pretty extraordinary . " Kevin Broderick , a single , gay man , called Families Like Ours when he encountered difficulty finalizing the adoption of his now 13-year-old son , Michael . "  I am 100 % sure that if it were n't for David , I would not have my son , " Broderick said . "  He understands how things should go , but also when they do n't go right , how can we get them back on track ? He figured out how to get us over that finish line . " In 2007 , the Williams Institute of the UCLA School of Law estimates that there were 65,500 adopted children living with a gay parent in the United States . Wing-Kovarik says these homes are really not all that different from traditional mom-and-dad households . "  We 're a two-dad home , " he said . "  On the surface , does it look different ? Sure . But when we 're at home , does it look any different than anybody else ? No . We argue and fight with the kids to get their homework done and brush their teeth and take a shower and brush their hair . ` Put your shoes on the right feet ! ' ` Is your backpack packed ? ' ` Why is your lunch sitting on the floor when the dog is eating it ? ' Well , that 's the same thing everybody else complains about . " Wing-Kovarik has had his two boys , Chris and Shawn , since 2002 , and he ca n't imagine sitting idle while there are so many other foster children who are still stuck in the system . "  Thinking of all of the other Chris and Shawns that are in foster care , and not knowing what 's going to happen to them ... I ca n't just walk away from that . ... "  It 's not my job to go in and guarantee what the life of that child 's going to be . It 's simply my job to make sure that child has some sort of hope . ... We 're going to make this match , and we 're going to move forward . And that kid 's going to have as productive a life as we can help that kid have . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Families Like Ours website at www.familieslikeours.org and see how to help .	David Wing-Kovarik started a nonprofit to help other gay Americans become parents In many states , same-sex couples can not jointly adopt a child More than 100,000 boys and girls are waiting for adoption in the United States Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- A 5.8-magnitude earthquake struck Saturday in the Mediterranean Sea , some 50 miles  80 kilometers  south southwest of Avsallar , Turkey , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The quake struck at a relatively shallow depth of 32 miles  51 kilometers  in the seismically active region , it said . Video shot in Antalya and aired by Turkish broadcaster DHA showed chandeliers shaking . Turkey is no stranger to seismic events . A magnitude 7.6 earthquake in Izmit , Turkey , killed more than 17,000 people in 1999 , according to the USGS . A magnitude 7.2 tremor in Duzce the same year killed 894 people , the USGS reported . Fast facts : What you need to know about earthquakes	The 5.8-magnitude quake struck in the Mediterranean Sea It was centered some 50 miles  80 km  south southwest of Avsallar , Turkey Turkey is located in a seismically active region
Washington  CNN  -- Where did Arizona 's new immigration enforcement statute Senate Bill 1070 come from , and where is this fast-developing trend of state activism in immigration law enforcement headed now ? The law has gone viral in the public mind over the past couple of weeks . Elites and special interests are in an uproar , but some polls show that ordinary citizens and voters support local and state enforcement initiatives by wide margins . SB 1070 was intended by its creators , myself among them , to provoke sustainable immigration reform . To understand how and why requires an insight into the history of the modern immigration control movement . In 1965 , President Lyndon Johnson signed the Immigration and Nationality Act  Ted Kennedy shepherded the bill in the Senate  , destroying the national quota-based system that had , among other things , restricted immigration from Southern and Eastern Europe and Asian countries and kept immigration at sustainable levels since the end of World War I . The 1965 law created "  chain migration , " which allowed the most recently arrived immigrants to set U.S. immigration flow by sponsoring family members , and stoked an insatiable demand to immigrate among billions of impoverished foreigners worldwide . The old scourge of cheap labor exploitation , which had been disappearing for a generation , re-emerged in the midst of millions of illegal migrants , primarily from Mexico . SB 1070 happened because neither political party has been willing to close the floodgate inadvertently opened in 1965 . In 1986 , President Reagan and Congress tried amnesty , with disastrous results . The newly legalized immigrants used chain migration to choke the system with new applications for relatives , and illegal immigration swelled to historic levels by the mid-1990s . Massive immigration began to distort every aspect of American life , from crime to higher education . In Congress , the cheap labor and ethnic voter interests could never agree on who got to exploit the new arrivals first but did find common ground in eviscerating attempts to control unauthorized employment . Dismayed at the effects of federal gridlock on their once Golden State , in 1994 , California voters enacted Proposition 187 , still America 's "  toughest " immigration control law . A truly grass-roots effort , it was attacked by immigration lawyers on grounds that it pre-empted the federal government 's power to regulate immigration , and it was nullified by a federal judge . Then-Gov . Gray Davis scuttled an appeal to the federal 9th Circuit . The American Civil Liberties Union spread the message that states and cities could do nothing . In public policy circles , the belief that citizenship itself is a discriminatory anachonism , destined for the ash heap of progressive history , became influential . And the influx only grew , as did public anxiety and rage . Fears of immigrant terrorism after September 11 blocked other attempts at amnesty . Chicano militants and the Mexican foreign ministry have intervened directly in U.S. domestic affairs , distributing consular ID cards to illegal immigrants and lobbying local governments to enact defiant sanctuary laws . In many ways , Arizona became "  ground zero " for this xenocentric chaos . The public watched these trends with growing alarm . But a small collective of lawyers from the national restrictionist groups began to study the strategies of the immigrant rights lawyers . Starting with drivers licenses and public welfare benefits , they worked to mirror federal verification and control laws at the state level . From the conservatives , they adapted federalist doctrines to make state and local police participation a force multiplier for immigration law enforcement . The turning point was Proposition 200 , a 2004 Arizona ballot initiative called Protect Arizona Now . Ballot committee leaders included Russell Pearce , the state legislator who became the sponsor of SB 1070 and other ground-breaking local enforcement legislation . Proposition 200 required proof of lawful presence for voter registration and state-funded public benefits . It was opposed by virtually every organized interest in the state . Yet it passed overwhelmingly in every demographic sector , including a plurality of Americans of Hispanic descent . Frustrated citizens and legislators throughout the 50 states saw Proposition 200 as a green light allowing them to stand in the gap that had been abandoned for 30 years by Congress and presidents alike . By 2008 , an astonishing 1,500 state immigration-related bills were introduced annually , in more than 40 states . SB 1070 is the first in a third generation of omnibus state immigration enforcement laws . Lawyers from the Federation for American Immigration Reform and other groups were worried about attacks on these new state measures from hostile elites , in particular the from the bar and the bench . To help the nascent movement survive , they developed a lean cooperative enforcement doctrine , grounded in constitutional protections for citizens , to fight off anti-majoritarian challenges by the ACLU and their immigrant-lobby allies . Key high court decisions , for example , endorsed police inquiries into immigration status , held that the failure of immigrants to carry federal documents was a crime , allowed states to cut public services to illegal immigrants and shifted the burden of proof that local enforcement programs are improper away from cities and onto the immigrants ' rights lobby . Dozens of elected officials are now calling for passage of omnibus enforcement laws in their states . Sink or swim , these new laws are forcing Congress to confront the need for enforcement-based reform . State enactments like SB 1070 will continue to offer Congress models for national legislation and serve as legal antibodies against the fallacy of amnesty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Hethmon .	Michael Hethmon says Arizona law meant to create sustainable immigration reform He says 1965 law set nation on an unintended course of out-of-control immigration Interest groups , federal gridlock led states like California to make own laws , he says Hethmon : Arizona law will spur other states to take on immigration on their own
CNN  -- A Robin van Persie hat-trick earned Arsenal a thrilling 5-3 win over their west London rivals Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in the English Premier League on Saturday . Chelsea started the match strongly taking the lead in the 14th minute when Juan Mata delivered an inch-perfect cross for Frank Lampard to guide a header past Szczesny in the Arsenal goal . The home side continued to dominate possession but Arsenal hit back in the 36th minute when Aaron Ramsey threaded the ball through to Gervinho who selflessly squared the ball back for van Persie to side-foot past Petr Cech . Chelsea had a goal disallowed two minutes later with Ramires being ruled offside , but earned a deserved halftime lead when John Terry bundled the ball home from a corner kick in the 45th minute . Arsenal were far from finished though and hit back four minutes after the break as Alex Song played in Andre Santos who squeezed a shot underneath Cech to level the scores at 2-2 . Six minutes later , Theo Walcott gave the Gunners the lead -- unleashing a fierce shot inside Cech 's near post after outwitting three Chelsea defenders . A 25-yard strike from Mata restored parity for Chelsea in the 80th minute , but van Persie put Arsenal ahead again five minutes later , pouncing on a mistake by John Terry to slot home his second before lashing home his third in injury time to seal a remarkable win . Manchester United bounced back from the 6-1 battering from their city rivals last weekend edging past Everton 1-0 at Goodison Park . Havier Hernandez was on hand to side-foot home from a Patrice Evra cross in the 19th minute to give United the lead after they had made a bright opening to the match . Everton battled their way back into the match and came close to an equalizer -- Leighton Baines hitting the crossbar from a free-kick , while David De Gea saved smartly from Leon Osman . But despite the pressure , United held firm to cement second place in the table behind leaders , Manchester City who enjoyed a comfortable 3-1 win over Wolverhampton Wanderers . Edin Dzeko opened the scoring for City in the 52nd minute with Aleksandar Kolarov adding a second 15 minutes later . City 's Belgian defender Vincent Kompany was sent off in the 75th minute for a challenge on Kevin Doyle -- the resulting penalty was converted by Stephen Hunt . But Adam Johnson  who came on for Dzeko midway through the second half  netted in injury time to ensure Robert Mancini 's side maintained their five-point lead at the top of the table . First half goals from Charlie Adam and Andy Carroll proved enough for Liverpool who beat West Bromwich Albion 2-0 at The Hawthorns . Liverpool were awarded a penalty in the 9th minute when Luis Suarez was bundled over in the box -- Adam making no mistake with the spot kick . Suarez was involved again in the second , setting up Carroll who poked a shot past advancing West Brom keeper Ben Foster . Despite a host of chances in the second half Liverpool could n't extend their lead , but the win lifts them to fifth . West Brom are 13th with 11 points . Norwich City came from two goals down to earn a 3-3 draw at home to Blackburn Rovers -- a result which keeps Steve Kean 's side in the bottom three . Norwich are in eighth place . Sunderland also came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw against Aston Villa . Goals from Villa 's Bulgarian midfielder Stiliyan Petrov  20th minute  and Richard Dunne  85th minute  were canceled out by Connor Wickham , who scored seven minutes before half time and Stephane Sessegnon who stole a point for Sunderland seconds before the final whistle . Swansea City continued their promising start to season with 3-1 over struggling Bolton Wanderers . The result moves them up to 10th place . Bolton , meanwhile , are second from bottom with six points , one point ahead of Wigan who suffered their third home defeat of the season losing 2-0 to Fulham . Goals from Clint Dempsey and Moussa Dembele lift Martin Jol 's side up to 15th .	Robin van Persie hat-trick seals memorable Arsenal win at Stamford Bridge Manchester United beat Everton 0-1 at Goodison Park
CNN  -- It 's thousands of square miles wide , virtually devoid of oxygen and it has been blamed for an increase in shark attacks : the Gulf of Mexico "  Dead Zone " is getting bigger and forcing marine life -- including sharks - into shore . Signs warn the public in an area harboring high bacteria near a drain at Will Rogers State Beach , California . The zone has been caused by a flood of nutrients , such as agricultural fertilizers , which boost algae production in the sea . These growths consume huge amounts of oxygen creating a "  marine desert " almost devoid of life . The "  Dead Zone " varies in size each year , but in 1999 it was 7,728 square miles -- that 's nearly the size of Delaware and Connecticut combined . The huge size of the "  Dead Zone ' is due to the increase in nutrient pollution flowing down rivers , including the Mississippi , which is estimated to have risen threefold in the last fifty years as chemicals become more and more common on farms . Environmentalists fear that the drive to radically increase the amount of corn-based biofuels produced in the U.S. from 15 billion gallons to 36 billion by 2022 could increase pollution in the Mississippi by 19 per cent . But the problem is by no means limited to U.S. waters . Similar "  Dead Zones " are being discovered across the world and a major United Nations report in 2003 found that the number had doubled each decade since the 1960 's . The UN report also warned that the number will continue to increase as intensive agriculture spreads around the world and that they are already having a significant impact on commercial fish stocks . All of this can come as quite a surprise . Growing water demands , more pollutants Think about pollution and you tend to imagine tall smoking chimneys or pipes pouring industrial effluent into our rivers and lakes . But the use of chemicals in agriculture is increasingly becoming a concern for environmentalists across the world . Agriculture , including livestock and poultry farming , can be a source of a wide range of pollutants that find their way into our water supplies through run-off and leaching . This happens when rainfall exceeds the capacity of the ground and it flows into watercourses and groundwater supplies taking dissolved pollutants with it . These can include sediment from eroded land , as well as phosphorus and nitrogen compounds from chemical fertilizers and animal waste , which can also harbor disease pathogens . These pollutants can have a serious effect on water sources by depleting oxygen levels , stunting the growth of plants and even suffocating fish -- as in the Gulf of Mexico "  Dead Zone . " The concentration of pollutants can be particularly high in drought years , when heavy water demand can reduce the flow rate in rivers and cut their ability to dilute chemicals . The effects of this can be acute in the developing world , where the pressure to feed a growing population combined with a low level of regulation can cause serious problems . A huge increase in the amount of synthetic chemicals being used in the Philippines over recent years has caused substantial environmental damage to the country 's water supplies , according to a 2008 report by Greenpeace . Between 1961 and 2005 fertilizer use in the Philippines increased by 1000 percent . "  This model of agricultural growth is fatally flawed because of declining crop yields and massive environmental impacts , " says Greenpeace campaigner Daniel Ocampo . "  Aside from causing land degradation and losses in soil fertility , agrochemicals cause water pollution that directly and indirectly affects human health . " According to Greenpeace , analysis of groundwater in the Benguet and Bulacan provinces in the Philippines , found that 30 percent of tested wells had nitrates levels above the World Health Organization  WHO  drinking water safety limit . The Philippine National Economic and Development Authority  NEDA  says that 37 per cent of water pollution in the country originates from agricultural practices . As well as causing an increase in the algal blooms that can cause "  Dead Zones , " agricultural nitrates have been identified as a factor in the growth of toxic "  red tide " algae and high levels in drinking water can also pose a health risk to humans , especially children . Agriculture 's impact on water pollution Clearly there is a need to shift away from the current industrial agriculture system which promotes the reliance on agrochemicals while neglecting to consider their negative effects on human health , the environment , and the economy of local communities . The problem is particularly serious in China , where a combination of rapid development , a growing population and intensive agriculture has led to widespread pollution and even water shortages . Scientists studying information from monitoring stations have said that 44 per cent of Chinese rivers are polluted . "  Many lakes and water courses contain an excess of nutrients and need treatment before they are suitable as freshwater sources , " the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said in 2005 . According to Chinese state officials 10 per cent of farm land in the country is polluted posing a "  severe threat " to food sources , with excessive agricultural chemical use being blamed , along with industrial effluent and solid waste . But controlling water pollution from agricultural run-off presents many challenges : it occurs over a wide area , goes across borders and often the source is hard to identify . It also varies over time and can increase or decrease depending on changes in land-use and ownership . Lax local law enforcement , corruption and inefficiency can all compound the problem . Legislators around the world are calling for a closer integration of environmental and agricultural policies , and more help for farmers in managing potentially hazardous substances . But many environmentalists see a solution with increased incentives for organic farming , which uses fewer chemicals and , argue groups such as the UK Soil Association , with no appreciable decrease in yields . But while the solution remains a matter of debate , the scale of the problem continues to grow and grow . E-mail to a friend	Agricultural pollution has a caused a ` Dead Zone ' in the Gulf of Mexico Globally the number of Dead Zones has doubled every decade since the 1960 's The drive to increase biofuel production could increase pollution in rivers and seas Pesticide use rose 1000 percent in the Philippines between 1961 and 2005
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A U.S. State Department contractor jailed in Cuba will be allowed to receive a medical exam from a U.S. doctor , a Cuban government official told CNN Wednesday . The family of Alan Gross , 64 , for months had asked that they be permitted to send a doctor to examine the Maryland native who is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing to Cuba banned communications equipment as part of a U.S. government-funded program to promote democracy on the island . Gross ' family said that he has lost more than 100 pounds since his incarceration in 2009 and that a mass on his shoulder may be cancerous . The Cuban government countered that Gross receives medical care from Cuban doctors at the prison hospital where he is being held and that he is in good condition for a man his age . Jared Gensler , an attorney for Gross , declined to comment on the Cuban government 's allowing Gross to receive a visit from a U.S. physician or when the visit would take place . The change in course comes as Cuba has intensified its campaign to secure the release of Cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy prison sentences in the United States . Cuban officials argue that the men infiltrated hard-line Cuban-exile groups to prevent terrorist attacks on the island . But U.S. prosecutors called the men spies , and they were convicted in 2001 . Four of the agents remain in U.S. federal prison . The fifth man , Rene Gonzalez , returned to Cuba last month after serving 14 years in prison and on supervised release . Gonzalez , who was born in Chicago , renounced his U.S. citizenship last month as part of a deal that allowed him to return to the island and not serve a final year of supervised release in the U.S. Cuba will continue to push for the four other agents ' release , Gonzalez said in a news conference in Havana Wednesday . "  We have hope that if the American people know about the case , the facts , they will put pressure on the White House for a solution , " Gonzalez said . Last year , Cuban officials said they wanted to negotiate the jailed agents ' case along with Gross ' . "  The ball 's in their court , " said Johana Tablada , subdirector of the department that oversees U.S. affairs at Cuba 's Foreign Ministry . "  We are waiting on the U.S. government 's response . " But U.S. officials have rejected calls for a prisoner swap , instead arguing that Gross did not spy during his visits to Cuba and should be released immediately . "  Hopefully , a solution can be found that is mutually beneficial , " said Kenia Serrano , president of the Cuban Institute of Friendship with the Peoples , a Cuban organization working to secure the agents ' freedom . "  All the families involved have suffered greatly . "	Cuba to let U.S. doctor examine Alan Gross , 64 , a jailed State Department contractor Gross ' family says he 's in ill health ; Cuban officials say he 's healthy for his age Gross is serving 15 years for bringing banned communications equipment to the island Cuba wants to negotiate Gross ' fate and that of Cubans in U.S. federal prison for spying
CNN  -- After a weeklong manhunt , authorities have arrested mixed martial arts fighter Jonathan Koppenhaver in Southern California for allegedly beating his ex-girlfriend in Las Vegas . Police captured Koppenhaver , who goes by War Machine , at a motel in Simi Valley on Friday afternoon . He 's originally from the suburb near Los Angeles . "  Inside the room was a small quantity of cash and some pizza , " the Simi Valley Police said in a statement . Koppenhaver has been on the run since his ex-girlfriend accused him of assault on August 8 , according to CNN affiliate KVVU . At the time , police were called to a Las Vegas home at 4 a.m. and found two people suffering from nonlife-threatening injuries , the affiliate reported . One of the two , adult film actress Christy Mack , said Koppenhaver beat her several times during the August 8 incident , according to the affiliate . In Twitter posts shortly after the alleged attacks , Koppenhaver appeared to address the issue . He said he had gone to the house to surprise Mack with a ring and ended "  up fighting for my life . " "  I only wish that man had n't been there and that Christy & I would be happily engaged , " he posted . "  I do n't know y I 'm so cursed . One day truth will come out . " His tweets two days after the alleged incident do n't say who the man in the house was . "  The cops will never give me fair play , never believe me , " he posted . "  Still , deciding what to do but at the end of the day , it 's all just heart breaking . " Koppenhaver is awaiting extradition to Nevada , the affiliate reported . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	Jonathan Koppenhaver has been on the run for a week His ex-girlfriend said he assaulted her in Las Vegas last week Authorities arrested him Friday at a motel in Southern California "  I 'm so cursed , " he said after the alleged assault
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Five U.S. soldiers were killed Friday in a suicide bombing in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul -- the single deadliest attack on U.S. troops in more than a year , the U.S. military said . A suicide truck bomber breached the outer security barrier of Iraqi National Police headquarters in southern Mosul , and detonated his explosives , killing eight people and wounding 60 others , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . A U.S. soldier was also among the wounded , the U.S. military said . The ministry said those killed include five Americans , two Iraqi policemen and an Iraqi soldier . At least two individuals suspected of being involved in the attack were detained , the U.S. military said . It is the deadliest attack on U.S. forces since March 10 , 2008 , when five U.S. soldiers were killed in a suicide attack in Baghdad . Despite a number of military operations in this volatile city during the past year , Mosul remains one of the most violent places in Iraq . Last year the U.S. military said Mosul was the last urban stronghold of al Qaeda in Iraq . Mosul is the provincial capital of Nineveh and is about 260 miles , or 420 kilometers , north of Baghdad . Watch a suicide bomb attack kills 5 U.S. soldiers " U.S. and Iraqi military forces plan to pull out of Mosul to allow Iraqi police to control security in the city . But police are not quite ready yet , according to an Iraqi general . "  We need to bring the police to the required level . The deadline is the end of July , and it 's not enough time to prepare the police , " said Gen. Hassan Karim , commander of Nineveh operations for the Iraqi army . "  That  means we 'll need U.S. forces to stay in Mosul . " CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report	NEW : Attack is deadliest on U.S. forces in more than a year Suicide bomber explodes truck at national police headquarters in Mosul Five Americans among eight dead ; 60 others wounded Mosul , 260 miles north of Baghdad , called last urban stronghold of al Qaeda in Iraq
CNN  -- Superstar DJ Avicii canceled his Ultra Festival performance this weekend to undergo gall bladder surgery . The Swedish artist behind the hit song "  Wake Me Up " was scheduled to perform in Miami on Saturday , but was hospitalized with severe abdominal pains . "  I woke up on Wednesday morning with serious pain , but I flew to Miami anyway , hoping that it would go away , " he said in a statement Friday . "  The pain was still there when I landed , so I went straight to hospital . I was treated and left later that night . " Doctors scheduled surgery Saturday to remove his gall bladder after the pain returned . He described it as a routine procedure , and said he expects to be back on his feet for his "  True Tour , " which starts next month . The artist , whose real name is Tim Bergling , became an international star as a DJ and producer in electronic dance . His other hit songs include "  Levels , " which was nominated for a Grammy for Best Dance Recording last year .	The Swedish artist was hospitalized with severe abdominal pains He became an international star as a DJ and producer in electronic dance
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Kenny Ortega choked up with emotion as he read aloud an e-mail he wrote days before Michael Jackson 's death . "  He was like a lost boy , " Ortega read . "  There still may be a chance he can rise to the occasion if we get him the help he needs . " The director of Jackson 's comeback concerts testified for a third day Wednesday in the wrongful death trial of AEG Live , the promoter and producer of the This Is It tour . "  I 'm not OK right now , " Ortega told the judge . "  Can I have a second ? " Judge Yvette Palazuelos allowed Ortega to go alone into the jury room for several minutes before returning for more testimony . It was one of several times that Ortega shed tears during testimony that described a weak and paranoid Michael Jackson six days before his death , but a revived Michael Jackson in his last two days . Jackson 's mother , who is suing AEG Live , also cried as she listened to Ortega . The Jacksons contend that AEG Live executives hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who admitted to police he was giving the singer nightly infusions of propofol . The coroner ruled Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was the result of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic , which Murray said he was using to treat Jackson 's insomnia . Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG Live lawyers argue Jackson chose and controlled Murray , and their executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was giving Jackson in the privacy of the entertainer 's bedroom . But , according to testimony and e-mails , AEG Live execs put Murray in charge of Jackson 's rehearsal schedule after Ortega complained that Jackson had been missing so many rehearsals that the tour was in danger . Jackson lawyers argued that Murray was influenced by a conflict of interest -- created by his arrangement with AEG Live -- to continue dangerous propofol infusions to help Jackson rest for rehearsals . He was $ 1 million in debt and had abandoned his medical practice two months earlier to serve as Jackson 's personal physician for the tour . If he failed to get Jackson to rehearsals , the shows might be postponed or canceled and he would be out of a job , they argue . Ortega : "  I felt that we should stop " After a poor rehearsal on June 13 , 2009 , and a missed rehearsal the next day , Ortega expressed his concern in an e-mail to AEG Live co-CEO Paul Gongaware : "  Were you aware that MJ 's Doctor did n't permit him to attend rehearsals yesterday ? Are Randy and Frank  DiLeo , another Jackson manager  aware of this ? Please have them stay on top of his health situation without invading MJ 's privacy . It might be a good idea to talk with his Doctor to make sure everything MJ requires is in place . " The AEG Live executives later told him they met with Murray and put him in charge of getting Jackson to rehearsals , Ortega said . The director said he was told that if he needed to know whether Jackson was coming to a rehearsal , he should call the doctor . Ortega was given Murray 's cell phone number , which he said he programmed into his own phone . Conrad Murray : Fast Facts After Jackson was a no-show for another week , Ortega had a 30-minute conversation with Murray . "  I was told he was creating the schedule and the schedule was n't working , " Ortega testified . "  He was my lifeline , so to speak . " Ortega said he was venting his frustrations with Jackson and was "  crying out . " While Jackson showed up on June 19 , "  he appeared lost , cold , afraid , " Ortega said . "  I saw a Michael that frightened me , a Michael that was shivering and cold , " Ortega testified . "  I thought there was something emotional going on , deeply emotional , and something physical going on . He seemed fragile . " He persuaded Jackson not to go onstage that night because he was afraid he would hurt himself , he testified . Instead , Jackson agreed to watch the rehearsal with choreographer Travis Payne dancing his parts . Jackson appeared paranoid and afraid , he said . "  He was repeating for me not to quit or to leave him . He was afraid that I was going to quit or leave him . " With just a dozen days left for rehearsals before the touring company moved to London for the opening , Ortega testified , he was worried "  that all that we had worked for together , Michael and I -- this dream , this desire -- was going to fall away . " Ortega testified that on June 19 , he "  felt that we should stop " the production , but he was "  torn because I did not want to break Michael 's heart . " Ortega sent a series of e-mails that night and the next morning to AEG Live executives warning that they needed professional help for Jackson . Promoter grilled about ` smoking gun ' e-mail in Jackson death trial "  There are strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior , " Ortega wrote . "  I think the very best thing we can do is get a top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP . It 's like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not waiting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state . " Ortega testified that he was called to a meeting with AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips , Jackson and Murray at Jackson 's home on June 20 , hours after he sent those e-mails . Murray angrily confronted him , Ortega testified . "  He said I had no right to not let Michael rehearse , that Michael was physically and emotionally capable of handling all his responsibility as a performer and I should be a director and not an amateur doctor or psychologist . I should stick to my job and leave the rest to him . " Jackson died while under Murray 's care five days later , in a bedroom just upstairs from the parlor where the meeting took place . "  A metamorphosis " A much different Jackson appeared at the next scheduled rehearsal on June 23 . "  It was miraculous , " Ortega testified . "  I was overjoyed at his energy , his state of mind , his enthusiasm , " he said . "  He had a metamorphosis . It was pretty extraordinary . " Murray told investigators he stopped using propofol to induce Jackson 's sleep for the two previous nights -- after 60 nights of it . Jackson lawyers contend that is why Jackson was revitalized . Ortega said Jackson appeared to have gotten "  real sleep , organic sleep . " A sleep expert testified last month that someone can recover quickly from heavy use of propofol , which interrupts the normal sleep cycles . All of the symptoms that Ortega saw in Jackson on June 19 suggested Jackson had been deprived of real sleep for weeks , the expert said . Expert : Michael Jackson went 60 days without real sleep Jurors watched a video of "  Earth Song , " the final song Jackson performed at the June 24 rehearsal -- his last . "  I love this piece , " Ortega said as he watched . "  Our boy is gone " Ortega was standing on the Staples Center stage in Los Angeles the next day when he got a call from AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware telling him Jackson was dead . "  Our boy is gone " Gongaware told him , he said . "  I think I was in shock , " Ortega said . "  I wanted to believe that it was some weirdo on the phone . " Ortega , who had worked with Jackson on other tours and projects , testified Tuesday that he would have been less likely to agree to direct This Is It if he had known what happened the day Jackson was to appear in London to announce the tour . AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips testified last month that he "  slapped " and "  screamed " at Jackson because he was "  nerve-racked " on that day , March 5 , 2009 . Phillips recounted that it was "  a miracle " that a "  drunk and despondent " Jackson finally appeared at the London event . AEG was hosting thousands of Jackson fans and hundreds of journalists for the anticipated announcement , which was to be seen live around the world . "  I screamed at him so loud the walls were shaking , " Phillips wrote to AEG parent company CEO Tim Leiweke . "  Tohme  Jackson 's manager  and I have dressed him , and they are finishing his hair , and then we are rushing to the O2 . This is the scariest thing I have ever seen . He 's an emotionally paralyzed mess , filled with self-loathing and doubt now that it is show time . He is scared to death . Right now I just want to get through this press conference . " AEG exec feared Michael Jackson would sabotage his comeback tour AEG Live executives did not tell Ortega about the incident when they approached him days later to direct the show , he said . He would have been "  less likely " to accept the job had he known , because of his concern about how the preparation for the tour would affect Jackson emotionally and physically , he said . Taj Jackson , Michael Jackson 's oldest nephew , returns to the witness stand Thursday morning to continue his testimony begun last month . The trial , which is in its 11th week , is expected to conclude sometime in August . The Jackson lawyers said they should call their last witness next week , which would be followed by AEG Live presenting its defense .	NEW : Kenny Ortega described a weak and paranoid Michael Jackson six days before his death NEW : Michael Jackson appeared revived in his last two days , Ortega testified NEW : Michael Jackson 's oldest nephew , Taj , resumes his testimony Thursday Dr. Conrad Murray became Ortega 's "  lifeline " to getting Jackson to rehearsals
CNN  It has all the makings of a Bollywood blockbuster : a beautiful leading lady , an ukulele-toting hero and more than three hours of dancing across locations in India , London and the Swiss Alps . "  Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge , " which is also known as DDLJ and translates as "  The Brave-Hearted Will Take Away The Bride , " has been on the big screen for an unprecedented 1,009 weeks -- nearly 20 years -- at Mumbai 's Maratha Mandir theater . The longest-running film in Indian movie history , the 189-minute romantic comedy is about a young Indian couple from London who meet during a road trip around Europe . Simran , who is from a strict , conservative family , is due to be married off to a husband in India , when a Raj , a young hot head , pursues her . After much singing , dancing and serenading across fields of poppies , they fall head over heels in love -- despite opposition from their families . Much of DDLJ 's enduring success is down to the movie 's young leading actress , Kajol , who plays Simran . A virtual unknown when the film released in 1995 , she 's now Bollywood royalty -- known as much for her very distinctive eyebrows as her singing and dancing . Then there 's Kajol 's co-star Shah Rukh Khan , who plays as Raj . Now one of the most famous men in the world , he played a cheesy , over-the-top kid with a fancy car and charming dimples . Barely a blip on the Bollywood radar back then , Khan 's career was defined by the first notes from his character 's ukulele , which wafted through a field of yellow flowers as Kajol -- wearing hot pink lipstick -- ran towards him with the urgency of a woman in love . ` Spontaneous outcry ' So when the Maratha Mandir theater decided to end the Yash Raj Film production 's two-decade run on its big screen , it caused an uproar among many Mumbai residents . Yash Raj put out a statement on its website titled "  DDLJ Forever ! " on February 19 . The production company and the movie theater explained to the public that it had been "  mutually decided to end the film 's historic and record breaking run . " The announcement triggered what The Times of India described as "  a spontaneous and an overwhelming outcry from the cinema going audience . " The Maratha Mandir theater told CNN by phone that it had "  received hundreds upon hundreds of calls " the day the end of the film 's historic run was announced . Fans also took to the movie 's official website posting messages like : "  Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge -- Official will no more be running in Martha Mandir !!! I really had a wish to go and fall in love once there ... A part of my dream dies today !! " Another said , "  Ouch ! This was not expected . Some legends are too good to come to an end ... at least not without a warning ! Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge -- Official comes to a halt ! " So -- after only two days -- the decision was reversed and Yash Raj invited movie lovers to "  Come fall in love ... again and again , " as the movie 's tag line goes . ` Absolute nostalgia ' The scale of the Bollywood film industry -- the word 's most prolific -- is truly staggering : the government estimates the industry produces more than 1,200 feature films a year , while approximately 15 million Indians fill cinemas daily . At this point , there are not even enough cinemas to screen these films . Even U.S. President Obama quoted , or tried to quote , a famous line from DDLJ during his visit to India last month , while discussing the economy and aid packages with Prime Minister Narendra Modi . "  Senorita , bade bade deshon mein ... " he started to say , before trailing off with : "  you know what I mean . " Last year when the film marked 1,000 weeks on screen , Shah Rukh Khan paid homage to his character by tweeting a picture of himself carrying his backpack from the movie with the caption : "  Tried my 20 yrs later Raj look . The bag and me is original from the film ... . the smile is from today for a 1000 weeks ! " Kajol , meanwhile , in November tweeted stills from the movie with an emphatic : "  Re-living #DDLJ ! Absolute nostalgia !!! " The movie 's return to the big screen means that now -- at 11.30 a.m. every day - Mumbai 's film aficionados can share that nostalgia , once again falling under the spell of some truly classic crooning Bollywood-style .	"  Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge " released in 1995 and is India 's longest running film Mumbai 's Maratha Mandir theater announced February 19 that the film 's run would end Hundreds of fans expressed outrage and the romantic comedy has been brought back
CNN  -- The tragic death of English driver Dan Wheldon after a horror race crash in the U.S. should lead to changes in the IndyCar division , according to Formula One legend Jackie Stewart . Two-time Indy 500 winner Wheldon lost his life on Sunday after a multi-car collision on the 11th lap of the 2011 IndyCar World Championship 's final race at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway . Stewart , who won Rookie of the Year at the 1966 Indy 500 before becoming a three-time F1 champion , told CNN that such a tragedy will prompt the sport to re-evaluate the current safety measures . "  Unfortunately , when accidents occur , it 's then that the more creative minds get moving on changing things , " said the 72-year-old , who successfully campaigned for better safety precautions during his career . "  Some of them may be simple to change , some of them may be more complicated , but surely change occurs . Wheldon 's death a watershed moment for IndyCar ? "  A lot of people will be thinking , ` What are we going to have to do to avoid the Dan Wheldon accident ? ' "  Is the track big enough to accommodate 34 racing cars ? Is the track too fast to have 34 racing cars within a mile-and-a-half racing circuit ? Will that change ? " Stewart also questioned the wisdom of mixing drivers with varying levels of IndyCar experience in such a high-speed environment . "  Will the caliber of driver be high enough to be able to control those cars at those kinds of speeds ? In yesterday 's race there were a good many drivers in there who were not regulars and were not fulltime IndyCar drivers . I think that 's a consideration that has to be looked at . " Motorsport reacts to Wheldon tragedy During Stewart 's eight years in F1 racing for the BRM and Tyrrell teams from 1965-73 , the Scot witnessed 11 driver deaths . But the elite motorsport 's last casualty was in 1994 when the legendary Brazilian Ayrton Senna crashed at the San Marino Grand Prix , while IndyCar has seen four deaths in the last 15 years . "  In the period that I was racing , there was a two out of three chance you were going to die if you lived for five years , and only one out of three you were going to live . In those days , motor racing truly was dangerous , " Stewart said . "  In these last years it 's been incredibly safe by comparison ... but that does n't mean to say it 's safe when you 're traveling at speeds of more than 200 miles per hour . " Stewart said governing bodies can not do enough to protect racers . "  If you 're in motorsport , whether you 're an administrator , a track owner , a governing body , a racing driver or a team owner , you 've got to be thinking about safety . There are always improvements able to be made , " he said . "  Modern technology , modern materials , it is available . It 's just a question of being able to think out of the box and have preventative medicine rather than just corrective medicine . "	Jackie Stewart tells CNN that Dan Wheldon 's death should prompt change English driver Wheldon was killed in a crash in Las Vegas on Sunday Stewart questioned whether drivers of varying experience should race together The three-time F1 champion has been a longtime safety campaigner
CNN  -- A missing 12-year-old girl has been found safe after authorities discovered the bodies of the couple she lived with , Arkansas police said . Amber Whitlow was found Saturday night in Memphis , Tennessee , local police said . She was found with her 33-year-old brother , Antonio Whitlow , who is a suspect in her abduction as well as a double homicide , Memphis police spokeswoman Alyssa Moore said . Antonio Whitlow is in custody , Moore said . Amber was taken to a children 's hospital as a precaution , and the Tennessee and Arkansas departments of child services were notified . Earlier Saturday , the man and woman whom Amber lived with were found dead inside a home in Little Rock , Arkansas , police said . Authorities received a call from a man who attended the same church as the slain couple and had found the woman just inside the home 's doorway , Sgt. Cassandra Davis said . Officers investigated and found that woman and the dead man , who was further inside the residence . Both of the deceased were in their 60s , Davis said . Authorities have not released the names of the couple , nor have they indicated how they died . But Davis said Amber is either the daughter or granddaughter of the deceased couple . More from CNN Justice : 4 Colorado shooting victims remembered for vitality , selflessness Colorado shooting suspect was a psychiatric patient Indiana shootout leaves bystander , police dog dead Maryland man who called himself ` joker ' still being evaluated	NEW : 12-year-old Amber Whitlow is found safe in Memphis , Tennessee , police say NEW : Her 33-year-old brother Antonio Whitlow is in custody , suspected of homicide Amber was reported missing from the Arkansas home she shared with a couple in their 60s Police found the couple , believed to be Amber 's parents or grandparents , dead in the house
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- A federal judge Wednesday entered "  not guilty " pleas on behalf of Jared Lee Loughner , the Arizona man accused of fatally shooting six people and wounding 13 others , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Judge Larry Burns also scheduled a May 25 competency hearing for Loughner , and attorneys on both sides will be allowed to hire their own experts to evaluate Loughner 's competency to stand trial . Prosecutors sought the competency hearing , saying that Loughner had believed the FBI was bugging him , had extreme animosity toward the government , and was even hearing voices . Loughner 's public defenders did n't want such a hearing , saying it would be premature and could interfere with their ability to develop a relationship with Loughner . But the judge said his review of materials relating to Loughner left him concerned . "  We ca n't do anything until I 'm assured that Mr. Loughner is on board and able to assist " in his own defense , the judge ruled . Last Thursday , a federal grand jury returned a new indictment against Loughner in which he is charged on 49 counts -- including murder and attempted murder -- related to the shooting outside a Tucson supermarket in January . Loughner , 22 , entered the courtroom with a slight grin , the first time he 's appeared in a Tucson courtroom . His bald head is now showing growing hair . When a clerk asked if his name was Jared Lee Loughner , he responded : "  Yes , it is . " The judge entered the "  not guilty " pleas for Loughner at his attorneys ' request . Loughner waived the reading of all 49 charges against him . In response to motions , the judge ordered prosecutors to release grand jury materials to the defense , but said Loughner 's attorneys can not reproduce the documents or leave copies with Loughner . Burns also ordered the release of findings from authorities ' search of Loughner 's parents ' home in Tucson , as requested by two Arizona media outlets . Last month , the judge sided with prosecutors in withholding the information because the investigation was ongoing and a grand jury was still preparing an indictment . But with a new indictment now issued , the judge said it is time to unseal the documents relating to what was found in the Loughner family home . "  The active investigation is over , " the judge said . "  Ninety percent of the information in the warrant domain is already in the public light . " He added , "  There is something mystic and suspicious in not releasing this type of information . " Burns said he will delay ruling on a motion filed by prosecutors Monday to force Loughner to submit a handwriting sample -- a request that he , thus far , has refused . The government wants the sample to compare with handwritten notes found in Loughner 's residence that include mentions of Giffords "  as well as references to guns and bullets , " according to a court document . It says he has resisted such requests to date , "  arguing that the court lacks authority " to force him to provide a sample . "  There being no other avenue to obtain the defendant 's handwriting exemplar , the government now seeks an order to compel , " prosecutors wrote in the motion . Burns said he wants to discuss some material collected by bureau of prisons on Loughner since he was arrested . Prosecutors said they want the court to review the materials , to see if they should be able to see it . But Loughner 's public defenders said they want time to review the matter and prepare arguments in writing . As the hearing unfolded and the judge made his decisions , Loughner sat still . The full courtroom included about 20 family members of victims and seven people supporting Loughner , including a woman who dabbed her eyes with tissue . Among the spectators were Bill Badger , one of two men who jumped on Loughner and subdued him during the shooting , and shooting victim Susan Hileman . Also attending was Mavy Stoddard , who was wounded in the attack and whose husband , Dorwan , a retired construction worker , died trying to shield his wife from the bullets . Loughner 's family members declined to comment as they left the courthouse . Tucson attorney Michael Piccarreta , who appeared in court on behalf of slain federal Judge John Roll and his family , was asked by reporters afterward what he thought of seeing Loughner face-to-face . Responded Piccarreta : "  He 's just another defendant . " Loughner was earlier indicted on three counts of attempted murder , including one alleging that he tried to kill Giffords with a Glock semiautomatic handgun during the event she was hosting for constituents . Giffords , who was shot in the head , is undergoing rehabilitation at a medical facility in Houston . The new indictment supersedes the earlier one . It adds murder charges connected to the deaths of Roll , a federal district judge , and Gabriel M. Zimmerman , a staff member for Giffords . Loughner also faces charges in the deaths of Dorothy J. Morris , Phyllis C. Schneck , Dorwan C. Stoddard , and a child , referred to in the indictment as C-T G. Nine-year-old Christina-Taylor Green was among those killed in the shooting . Autopsy reports released Monday showed that Zimmerman , Schneck and Stoddard suffered fatal head wounds , while the three others were shot in the chest . If convicted , Loughner could face a death sentence , U.S. Attorney Dennis Burke said last week , although prosecutors have not said whether they will seek the death penalty . CNN 's Ted Rowlands reported from Tucson and Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	NEW : A federal judge sets a May 25 competency hearing for Jared Lee Loughner The judge enters "  not guilty " pleas on Loughner 's behalf Loughner faces 49 charges related to a mass shooting in Tucson Authorities file a motion to force Loughner to submit a handwriting sample
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Her braids , dusty from the rubble around her , poked out from the small opening where she lay crying in pain , her right leg pinned under a heavy piece of metal . A group of men worked throughout the day to free this 11-year-old girl -- one of scores trapped beneath buildings that collapsed in Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake . Lacking proper supplies to cut through the metal crushing the child 's leg , the men briefly considered amputating it . Finally , just after sunset Thursday , a miracle of sorts : an electric saw and a small generator . Within a couple of hours , the girl was freed and rushed to a first aid station . Her leg was so badly wounded , her family was taking her to a more sophisticated hospital some three hours outside of Port-au-Prince . Many rescuers have clawed their way to survivors pinned beneath buildings two days after the devastating earthquake . In the absence of heavy machinery to clear the debris , residents used their hands and brawn to lift large slabs of concrete . Some trapped victims punched out bricks themselves and tried to squeeze through cracks in the fallen structures . Atop the mound of debris that once was a five-story building of great prominence , U.S. rescue workers Thursday pulled out a man in a deep green uniform . Tarmo Joveer , an Estonian security officer for the United Nations , free from the enclosure , stood up and raised his fist . He had been trapped beneath the rubble of his workplace for two days following the quake that shook the city and toppled the U.N. headquarters around him . He said he had never lost hope . He was one of scores of U.N. workers feared trapped inside the headquarters of the U.N. peacekeeping and civilian assistance mission , U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon said Thursday . As many as 150 staff members were still missing after the 7.0-magnitude earthquake rocked Haiti Tuesday afternoon , devastating it 's capital . The "  small miracle , " as Ban described it , is one of many throughout the disaster area as rescuers and residents scramble to free entrapped survivors . The Fairfax County , Virginia , Urban Search and Rescue Team saved Joveer , who was fed water through a rubber pipe when they discovered he was trapped beneath four meters of rubble , according to Ban . After Joveer emerged , he walked away , brushing the dust out of his hair with his hand and hugging those around him . "  It was not good , " is all he could say to describe his experience under the rubble . He also said he did not think there was anyone else alive . Joveer was later taken to an Argentinean hospital , Ban said . Joveer said during the earthquake he lost his footing , fell and suffered some pain . He did not talk further about any injuries he may have sustained . It took about five hours to rescue Joveer , Fairfax rescue member Sam Gray said , adding that the disaster was the worst he 'd seen . "  Obviously , it was pretty nice to find somebody that we were able to help , " Gray said . "  Unfortunately , we could n't get to everybody but we 're going to keep trying and keep working while we 're here . This is the first of many people that we 're going to help over the next couple of weeks . " Earlier Thursday , residents conducted their own mission and spent three hours digging out Philip Jean Renol from his home . He suffered a broken leg and two broken arms . At a school house , a group of men had been working since Wednesday to dig out a man from beneath what was left of the five-story building . They worked in assembly-line fashion with some tapping away with chisels and one operating a blow torch to melt away parts of the concrete debris crushing the victim . With his right shoulder pinned and his hand trapped , his screams could be heard as the men desperately labored to free him . Finally , he emerged from beneath the destroyed school alive when two men lifted his concrete-dusted body Thursday . From inside the school other voices were heard . Children and teachers are believed to be trapped inside . Throughout the day , ongoing rescue attempts were taking place all over Port-au-Prince , many with outcomes as yet unknown . A search-and-rescue crew of American , Chilean and French members found a woman trapped at the Hotel Montana in Petionville , just outside Port-au-Prince . Officer David Barlow of the Fairfax team told CNN the crew was trying to reach the woman from two different points . The victim , who was a guest at the hotel , was stuck in the bar area of the five-story hotel that had collapsed into a 30-foot-tall pile . France has expressed concern for the approximately 200 French tourists who were staying at the Hotel Montana . Three French girls trapped in rubble had only one French firefighter digging for them , reflective of a severe need for rescue workers and equipment . In another location in Port-au-Prince , two people were pulled from the ruins of the Caribbean Market by the Icelandic International Search and Rescue Team , Iceland 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced . But another woman , Nadia , was still entombed inside the four-level market place . She has not had water for almost 48 hours and has told rescuers she feels tired . Rescuers said they had yet to devise a plan to extract her safely . Near the presidential palace , residents dug for hours Wednesday to rescue a 13-year-old girl named Bea . A wild cheer erupted as she was pulled out alive . But nearby lay the bodies of four of her family members . Haitians and rescuers are rushing in the hope that more survivors can be pulled out alive from beneath the multitude of wreckage sites , but some have accepted that some will perish waiting for help . "  Honestly , it 's an incredible amount of devastation and an incredible amount of people that will probably lose their lives here , " Gray said . "  The hardest part is to know how many people that are n't going to be saved . " CNN 's Rich Phillips , Susan Candiotti , Gary Tuchman and Ivan Watson contributed to this report	NEW : 11-year-old girl 's leg spared from amputation 15 rescuers worked five hours to free trapped security worker Haitians use hands , brawn to lift large slabs of concrete Trapped victims punch out bricks , try to squeeze through cracks in fallen buildings
CNN  -- If you were observing American elections from the outside , you might be asking yourself the following : Ca n't these people make up their minds ? Four out of the last five elections  2006 , 2008 , 2010 and now 2014  were "  wave " elections in which one party won a sweeping victory . They elect a president of one party , then two years later almost inevitably give the other party a huge victory in the midterm election . Why do they expect things to change ? Good question . It 's always dangerous to speak of a country of 319 million as having a singular will , or of an election expressing that will . That 's particularly true when only about 40 % of eligible voters show up for midterm elections . Like every party that wins , the GOP will claim that "  the American people " have endorsed its agenda in full , and therefore if President Barack Obama stands in its way , then he 's thwarting the public 's desires . We 've established that the public is fed up with a Congress seemingly incapable of getting anything done . The trouble is that the voters -- unanimous in their abhorrence of gridlock -- just delivered a result almost guaranteed to produce more gridlock . To be fair , there was one party assuring them that their votes would do just the opposite . Republican candidates promised voters that they 'd stand in Obama 's way , and also promised that they 'd "  get things done , " sometimes in the same sentence . As The Atlantic 's Molly Ball reported last week , "  these two seemingly contradictory messages are at the heart of Republican Senate campaigns across the country . I 've heard them from candidate after candidate . " It 's one thing to vote Republican because it 's the party that reflects your beliefs . But if you 're voting Republican because you want to see Congress become more conciliatory and productive , you really should have been paying closer attention the last six years . That 's because obstructionism has n't been an accident , or a reaction to moves on Obama 's part that Republicans found objectionable . It was a strategy they employed from the outset . Literally on the day Obama was inaugurated , Republican leaders gathered over dinner and made a decision to oppose everything he proposed , to deny him both substantive progress and whatever political benefits might accrue to a president who looks like he 's accomplishing things . In 2010 , Mitch McConnell explained to The New York Times how important it was to present a unified front of opposition to the President 's proposals , because then the public would dismiss the debate as just partisan bickering . "  Mr. McConnell spent hours listening to the worries and ideas of Republicans , " the paper reported , "  urging them not to be seduced by the attention-grabbing possibilities of cutting a bipartisan deal . " As political strategy , it was extremely astute and executed to near perfection . McConnell understood well that the President gets credit when Washington works and blame when it does n't -- whether he deserves it in either case . So Republicans could pour sand in the gears of government and watch Obama suffer for it . And it worked . What was the result of six years of unprecedented filibusters , debt ceiling crises , a government shutdown , 50 futile Affordable Care Act repeal votes , endless conspiracy theorizing and a dramatic increase in general buffoonery ? Republicans took back the House in 2010 , and have now taken the Senate . Voters rewarded their misdeeds by returning them to power . And now politicians in both parties are saying they want to come together to accomplish things for the public . The problem is that they do n't agree on the things they 'd like to accomplish . The argument is n't over means ; it 's over ends . That 'll be even truer when the new Congress is inaugurated in January than it is now . The new class of freshman Republicans in both the House and Senate is even more conservative than the existing GOP caucus  if you thought such a thing was possible  , and to them , "  getting things done " means slashing environmental protections , taking away health coverage from the millions who have obtained it through the Affordable Care Act and cutting taxes on the wealthy . If those new representatives actually managed to turn those beliefs into law , the public would say , "  Hey , we did n't vote for that ! " And they did n't , even in this Republican-leaning year . Voters in four deep-red states -- Arkansas , Alaska , Nebraska and South Dakota -- used ballot initiatives to approve one of the Democratic Party 's highest economic priorities , increasing the minimum wage . "  Personhood " initiatives that would ban abortion failed , not only in the swing state of Colorado but in conservative North Dakota as well . In other words , where voters had the chance to decide policy issues , they chose the Democratic position even as they were voting for Republican candidates . So what do the American people want ? They want to have their cake and eat it , too . As political scientists have known for decades , Americans are "  symbolic conservatives " but "  operational liberals " -- they like things like small government in the abstract , but they also like all the things government does . They elect Democrats who try to accomplish complex policy goals , then turn around and elect Republicans when things do n't work perfectly . They say they hate gridlock , then elect people who will give them more of it . And two years from now , a whole new crop of candidates will barnstorm the country , saying , "  Elect me , and we 'll clean up this mess . " And the voters  or at least enough of them  will , despite all evidence and experience , actually buy it .	Paul Waldman : In recent "  wave " elections , U.S. voters ca n't seem to make up their minds He says they abhor gridlock but have elected GOP lawmakers committed to that very thing He says GOP winners said they 'd "  get things done " and stand in Obama 's way Americans want to have their cake and eat it , too , Waldman says
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The political turmoil in Egypt and Tunisia has European tour operators scrambling to divert package tours to more stable destinations , and several thousand tourists have already been re-routed to beaches in Spain , a Spanish tourism industry official told CNN . "  We ca n't be happy about unfortunate circumstances elsewhere , " said Rafael Gallego Nadal , president of the Spanish Federation of Travel Agency Associations . "  But the increase  in tourists  has arrived at an important moment " as Spain recovers from a deep economic slump . In addition to the few thousand extra British , German and Scandinavian holidaymakers who 've already arrived in Spain 's Canary Islands , predictions are there could be tens of thousands of additional vacationers by May , Gallego said . For now , the seven-island Canaries archipelago , located in the Atlantic Ocean just west of Morocco , is the only part of Spain that can compete directly with Egypt and Tunisia for the beach vacation business in winter . But if the political uncertainty continues in North Africa into the spring and summer , the package tours diverted from those destinations to Spain 's Mediterranean coast and islands could involve hundreds of thousands of additional tourists this year , Gallego said . Tunisia 's beaches have been a prime destination for French tourists , Gallego said , and some of them could be diverted to Spain 's coasts by next summer as well . Russian and Eastern European tourists who had holiday tours set for Egypt or Tunisia may instead go in greater numbers to Turkey , Gallego said , based on information that he said is making the rounds among tour operators and travel agencies . Egypt had nearly 12 million international tourist arrivals in 2009 , compared with nearly 7 million for Tunisia , and 52 million for Spain , which is among the world 's top four tourist destinations , along with France , the United States and China , the United Nations World Tourism Organization reports . Spain 's Canary Islands had 11 million tourists , including foreigners and Spaniards , in 2010 , a three percent increase over 2009 . The extra tourists now diverted from Egypt and Tunisia are helping the Canaries to recover , said Gallego , who is based in Las Palmas on the Gran Canaria island . But diverting package tours from North Africa to Spain or other locations is not always an instant maneuver . A package tour in the Canary Islands costs about 30 percent more than a similar beach holiday in Egypt or Tunisia , Gallego said . So hard-fought negotiations over prices have ensued , in which the Spanish hotel operators may agree to a lower price which still turns out to be more than the tour operator and individual tourist were going to pay in Egypt or Tunisia , Gallego said .	Spain is one of the top four tourist destinations Thousands more tourists could be rerouted to Spain this year The numbers could boost the Spanish economy Hotel owners may have to agree to less expensive rates
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey 's Constitutional Court has rejected a proposed ban on the country 's Islamic-rooted ruling party -- the Justice and Development Party , or AKP -- for alleged anti-secularist activities , the leader of the court said Wednesday . The party of Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's faces possible closure for alleged anti-secular activity . Six justices voted in favor of banning the party , four voted for financial penalties and one justice rejected the case , court leader Hasim Kilic said . Seven of the 11 justices would have had to vote in favor of the ban for it to pass . Instead , the court ruled that the AKP will lose half of its government funding , he said . The penalties will apply to funds the AKP was to receive next year , meaning it will get about 23 million Turkish lira , or just over $ 19 million -- according to Turkey 's treasury . President Abdullah Gul , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , and former parliament speaker Bulent Arinc were among the 71 party members the prosecutor wanted banned from public office for the next five years . Watch what the decision means " The case marked the pinnacle of the sharp and serious political tensions between the AKP and its outspoken critics from the nation 's secularist establishment . Those critics believe the AKP is intent on undermining the secular constitution and nature of the modern Turkish state and on intimidating political opposition . Secularists were outraged at the AKP 's recent attempt to lift bans on headscarves at public universities . The move failed after the Constitutional Court overturned the amendment in June . Headcoverings were banned in the early 1980s by Turkey 's universities because they were seen as political symbols and conflicted with the nation 's secular governing system . The government accuses its critics of using the courts to try to deny the AKP its legitimate victory from last year 's elections . AKP says it is promoting democracy and pursuing goals that would bring Turkey into the European Union . Since late last year , police have been arresting people accused of being part of Ergenekon , a group alleged to be conspiring to overthrow the government . Earlier this month , 86 of those arrested -- including former generals , businessmen , and prominent journalists -- were charged in connection with the alleged coup plot . Turkey 's economy has prospered under AKP rule and Turkey maintains positive relations with a variety of countries , including Iran , Iraq , the United States and Israel . But recent attacks blamed on Kurdish separatists and the ongoing political crisis have put that progress at risk . Turkey 's largest city , Istanbul , was hit Sunday by its deadliest terrorist attack in five years . An explosion -- which happened a day before the Constitutional Court convened on the AKP ban -- killed 17 people , including a 3-year-old child , and sparked immediate outrage . The government blamed Kurdish rebels , but the Kurdistan Workers ' Party -- or PKK -- posted a statement on its Web site denying any involvement . Turkey , a strong U.S. ally and NATO member , is a democratic state and has long been regarded as a bridge from Asia and Europe and from the West to the Muslim world . Although it is a predominantly Muslim nation , it has taken the trappings of religion out of public life , in accordance with the policies of Kemal Ataturk , the revered founder of the modern Turkish republic . AKP is not the first political party that Turkey 's courts have tried to close . More than 20 political parties have been banned by Turkey 's judicial system in recent decades . CNN 's Talia Kayali and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Turkey 's Constitutional Court rejects a proposed ban on the country 's ruling party Six of 11 justices voted to ban the party but seven votes were needed AKP will face a financial penalty rather than being forced to close
CNN  -- His reputation might be that of Formula One 's ruthless wheeler dealer , but come the season of goodwill Bernie Ecclestone likes to show a different side to his character . The 84-year-old billionaire 's annual Christmas card has often been a way for Ecclestone to get things off his chest and his 2014 offering was no exception as he took aim at a legal case that has cost him $ 100 million . The card depicts him handing over that sum of money to a highway robber , who is pointing a pistol at him . "  This is not a robbery , I am collecting for the Bavarian state , " says the man on horseback while a cartoon figure of Ecclestone is seen clutching the sack of money . The greeting on the inside of the card contains says : "  Maybe now we can have a Formula One race in the really nice city of Munich  state capital of Bavaria  , Germany . " Earlier this year , a German court agreed to end the bribery trial , in which Ecclestone stood accused , in exchange for a $ 100m settlement , with $ 99m going to the Bavarian state treasury and the remainder to a children 's charity . Ecclestone , who had strongly denied the charges , was later quoted as saying he was a "  bit of an idiot " for paying out the huge sum , particularly as he believed he would eventually be cleared . Even by settling the 84-year-old was only left with a small dent -- he paid the $ 100m within a week -- in his reported $ 4 billion fortune . Money has often been a theme of previous Ecclestone 's Christmas cards . Reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton was the butt of the F1 chief 's humor in 2012 after the driver 's surprise switch from McLaren to Mercedes . The card showed Hamilton jumping into a Mercedes car driven by Niki Lauda , with the passenger seat containing a large bag marked with a dollar sign . Though world champion Hamilton arguably might be having the last laugh given his recent drivers ' title triumph . Getting the tone right for an annual Christmas card is n't always easy to negotiate . Former British Premier Tony Blair has been widely ridiculed for his 2014 card , which shows him standing next to his wife Cherie but smiling in intense and uncomfortable fashion . "  The stuff of nightmares " someone tweeted .	F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone shows his sense of humor His annual Christmas card pokes fun at court case he was forced to settle Ecclestone had to pay $ 100m in legal settlement in Germany 84-year-old recently re-appointed to F1 commercial board
CNN  -- The mother of a missing California woman is suing the county of Los Angeles and several sheriff 's officials for wrongful death and negligence in her daughter 's 2009 disappearance , court documents say . Mitrice Richardson , a 24-year-old former beauty pageant contestant , was last seen leaving a Malibu , California , sheriff 's station in the early morning hours of September 17 . Richardson had been arrested hours earlier after employees at Geoffrey 's , an upscale Malibu restaurant , told police she refused to pay her $ 89 bill . At the restaurant , witnesses said Richardson was exhibiting strange behavior including "  sitting down with strangers and speaking in gibberish , " according to the lawsuit filed Tuesday in Los Angeles Superior Court by Richardson 's mother , Latice Sutton . A court has declared Richardson dead , although no body has been found . Jeff Peterson , the owner of the restaurant , told CNN in September that he called police because he feared for her safety . "  It was not just the money , " Peterson said . "  Something was wrong with her . And it was n't the alcohol , and we did n't know what to do and we did n't want to put her in a vehicle . " Her family has said the college honors graduate suffered from mental health issues . "  It was clearly evident that from the time -LSB- Richardson -RSB- arrived at Geoffrey 's to the time of her arrest , she was not in her correct mental state , " the lawsuit says . According to the documents , video footage from inside the sheriff 's station shows Richardson "  clutching the screen of the holding pen and rocking from side to side " and "  pulling at her hair and trying to get into the fetal position face down on a concrete bench . " Sutton alleges that she made numerous calls to the sheriff 's station that night to find out when her daughter would be released so Sutton could pick her up . However , she never received notice of the release , the lawsuit says . Sutton argues in the lawsuit that the sheriff 's department failure to administer psychiatric or medical evaluations and the fact that Richardson was released "  alone in an unfamiliar area without money , a cellular phone or means of transportation amounts to negligence . " The lawsuit seeks unspecified monetary damages . Sutton told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " Wednesday night that her purpose for filing the suit "  is to be able to obtain more information about what really happened to Mitrice on that night , " saying authorities have not been forthcoming with information because of the possibility of a lawsuit . "  I feel I have no other alternative , " Sutton said . "  The sheriff 's department has forced me to take this action . " A spokesman for the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department told "  Issues " that "  all indications that night were that Mitrice was doing OK . She took sobriety tests , signed documents , talked to the jailer . She was not in mental distress when we were with her . " CNN 's Sarah Aarthun and Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	Mitrice Richardson disappeared September 17 after release from sheriff 's station She was arrested hours earlier for refusing to pay restaurant tab Family says she suffered from mental health issues Mother says sheriff 's officials negligent for releasing daughter in her mental state
